I made AI plan an UP house for me, i need only 11 million euros. The amount of balloons (for my Dutch house of 100.00 kg would be 13.2 million. 165000 m3 helium, 51.1 km fishing line. I also fixed the tearing the house apart problem with building a platesteel cage for the house. 😂
0:45 the logo that popped up looked just like the tcf logo
In theory, you could create a machine that automatically prepares the balloons and connects them to the house and run it for ten years.
I love how you thought so logically about this and thought about the weight of the string XD
When he says he wants to do the math, he's not kidding around.
Pixar: we released a new movie 😊😊😊 Matt: time to ruin it😂😂😂
9:14  you should have said in its hands
You didn’t account for the higher gravity found along the equator
Hahahahahaha I am the most recent how does it feel children?
Carl was a balloon salesman. He just borrowed the helium and balloons from work. ;)
Well by the end of the film he has 400 to 500 billion so i think he is fine
its crazy how some of the things you talk about I'm suppose to be studying for
Can you talk about the fact that Riley is developing new emotions as she’s getting older, but the other characters that we saw in the movie have only five main emotions(anger, discuss, joy, sadness, fear) are the other emotions hidden from us or they don’t have  them for example Riley’s parents are older and their other emotions are missing?
Not gonna lie, Up is the only Pixar movie that made me cry
7:57 Pixar conformed Carl is from Bloomington, Minnesota
Remembering MatPat
Posting in 2024 after the Oceangate disaster and that one British billionaire who had his yacht capsize in the Mediterranean. I now want to see Elon Musk or Jeff Bezos try what MatPac said. It would be hilarious to see them waste their time and fortune attempting it, and doubly hilarious if it ends in a fatal disaster for them...
i always thought paradise falls was niagara falls
0:30 great intro 😊👍
Jokes on you Mat,  I ALWAYS get past the first 10 minutes because I have no emotion anymore, and therefore, I SHED NO TEARS.
6 years to go!!!
Thomas Kenneth Taylor Carol Martin Michelle
I love the fact that matpat is making jokes and roasting himself    10/10 Classic matpat
Thomas Donna Thompson Lisa Taylor Donna
Young Melissa Lee Edward Davis Susan
I miss him already..
What about the furniture wouldn't that make the house  heavier to lift the house too? He didn't have really great furniture it seemed pretty cheap but still furniture is heavy isn't it?
it wouldn't be possible anyway, and for a reason no one ever talks about. Houses are constructions, they are made up of parts held together with nails and screws and glue and joinery. That means you would be putting yourself at the mercy of sheering forces. And the sheering force of wood (which makes up the majority of Carl's house) is WAY lower than the force needed to lift said house. If the balloons have sufficient lift to hoist the house, they have sufficient lift to tear the house apart. This is particularly true because in the movie, Carl has all the balloon strings tied to the grate of his fireplace. IRL the balloons would simply pull the grate and the bolts securing it, right out of the floor and rocket off to space with it.
Old boy had and illegal house without foundation and he used the money he saved from buying or building an illegal house to put towards his retirement, which was enormous enough to be th reasons why they never had money while they were still young and middle aged. Our guy may also be benefiting from the retirement fund his wife saved in addition to his own, and if they really were making a ton of money but choosing to live as peasants maybe they really did have that money locked up—but I doubt that it would still be enough 😂
Can you imagine how many times Matpat had to say “hey siri”
Not just that, but Carl would definetly not survive that flight do to the extreme air pressure and lack of oxygene in the. And last time I checked, he didn't have any oxygene with him just lying around.
Approximately 4 million
In real life, this takes 4M balloons to lift a house.
I seen myself when I saw this video
6:45 only in ohio
What about the furniture? That would add more weight and it’s confirmed that it adds weight as he throws stuff out to get it flying again. So the house would weigh more that what matpat said. ;)
Erm you need 4 million balloons to lift a House
Question: wouldnt atleast some ballons pop? I mean of birds and stuff, and they would probably get in legal problems. Dont you need some sort of pass to be able to fly planes. So the whole thing would probably be illeagal
And then Carl forgot to account for the extra weight of the boy scout because another few thousand balloons is needed for that extra weight.
i cant watch big hero 6 because of the fact that my brother is a lot like tadashi and i freak out every time the death scene play's because i love my brother and don't want him to die. edit: big hero 6 was my fave movie and still is but when I grew older I just could not with a that scene.
Me being a movie nerd by saying Russell is actually a wilderness explorer🤓
He didn't even take into account the weight of the people, the amount of effort it would take to lift the house off the foundation, the weight of the dog, the fact that wind can ruin the chances of it actually flying, the weight of every single peice of furniture, beloved item, and essential in the house, the fact that the replica of the house from Up won't be exact, the fact that birds can pop the balloons with their beaks, the fact that small actions like walking can make the house dip in altitude, the fact that air resistance can stop the house from floating, and loads of other problems that would lower the changes of his balloon count being accurate.
waht if he uses H instead of He
waht if he youses h and not He
7:12 Double Baltic
We'll always be here with you too matpat :) thank you
That amount of force generated from the Balloon Estimate would be EQUAL to the Houses weight. So there's be just as much force pulling the house UP, as there would be pulling the house DOWN. So the House would have a Neutral Buoyancy in the air, so you'd need A LOT more balloons in order to actually achieve lift off. Not to mention, the amount of balloons required to actually rip the house from its foundation. So probably TWICE as many balloons would be required to generate a good take off speed, plus enough force to rip it from the foundation.
the double baltic reference now we get it 😅
What really gets me is the fact that that tarp thing that he cuts to release the balloons can keep them down while the entire house can't.
The real question is how did the balloons not lift the house from the inside, but when launch, they lift it. Big physics miss there.
I think that all the balloon string would snap.
I wonder how much static energy was being generated by the balloons rubbing on each other during the movie, maybe enough to power up the house? May sound ridicolous, but a single brazillian eletric fish (the "poraquê") can alone power up a grill, with so many balloons at once, at least a full room could be energized  Also, something that i think should be mentioned is that carl ending up in venezuela might not be luck at all, the balloons charged with static would be atracted by clouds and thunderstorms, south america  is a tropical place, so rains are more common because there is more abundance of water there, so in other words... no mather how much time it takes, eventually the balloons would drag the house towards a big cloud and this cloud would heah towards other clouds and eventually be caught up by the wind and inevitably reafing towards south america  But hey, that's just a theory        A COMMENT THEORY (Thanks for reading)
I love the movie up, and I love this video and the calculations. But the thing is, the film theorists are calculating how many balloons you would need to lift the house from up that was made in Utah, not the house from the film. The house from the film is only 1800 square feet rather than the 2800 square feet that the real house covers as stated in this video, which means the house from the movie is significantly lighter than the house in real life, I think that’s means that the one in the film shouldn’t weigh over 570,000 lbs, I don’t know that’s just what I was thinking when I was rewatching the video.
What I really want to know is if the other airship in this movie is even possible
R.I.P     MatPat
Matpat: Hello everyone and welcome to Film Theory Me watching this Film Theory: Bro you could've just said it would take 1M balloons Matpat: But hey thats just a theory. A FILM THEORY!
I wonder if it would be possible to calculate roughly how many balloons Carl is shown to use in the movie. And from there calculate how heavy (or I guess light) carls house would be based on those numbers
I'm surprised he didn't mention that fishing line would not be strong enough to hold under the strain of lifting a house. And the center balloons would be crushed by the outer balloons since they're all attached from the chimney instead of being spread out. The house itself would not survive being suspended and would break apart.
Pro tip to all you theorists who are married or engaged and go to Disney world. You can buy that grape soda pin.   Step one: by the pins Step two: Tell your wife that marrying her is the greatest adventure Step three: Make sure your kids are good and tired, You're going to need those little buggers to be good and passed out so you can get on with the adult calisthenics.
Reinuiii Achilles
3:30 the co-director of up forgot to account for the weight of the balloons themselves and the wire but figures the guy that made the film has a rough ideea of how many balloons you would need to lift up the house
I can't believe you dissed my boy David Blaine at the start of this video.
the real question is: how did he afford those balloons?
Hydrogen balloons
We will miss you MatPat 😢
First comment here about matpat retirement
Where were all those balloons even stored?
make a pixsar teori
So Luigi has the same type of house as Carl and Ellie?
The old intro 😭😭
If he had a Boy Scout with him he’d probably get arrested for child endangerment. Even if said child was his.
4:00
It would be cheaper just to fly there on a plane!
Sheesh MatPat was born in 1986, so he was alive to see the bite of 87 👀
MATPAT IS 37?!?!?!??!?? HE SEEMS SO YOUNG
Why isn't this intro still in newer videos?
What about the furniture and the account of the people and dog inside you would have to add the weight of all that to get a true answer.
It took me 6 balloons to make a hostess donut float!!
Mr.Beast video idea
5:23 im just bookmarking this part because im trying to make the up house lego set fly
10 seconds for me but carl is a ballon veteran
6:56 “FOR TWO LOST FISHERMEN”  9:23 YES
Yes, this is 3 years later, but it's frustrating to see the core numbers being so far off.  So for anyone watching this 3 years after the fact, the average weight of a 2-story house is 80 - 160,000 pounds, and the house in the movie is nowhere close to 2800 square ft.  The replica is much much larger.  You're welcome.
This is a bit morbid but maybe ellie had a life insurance policy that Carl got after she died?
This will be a normal time for OHIO😂😂😂
All who think the up house is kinda like the hello neighbor house
Corridor made a great video about this topic too😊
Ugh I just learned about this is geography!!!!
You missed something when calculating the required force to lift up the house. In the movie, when the house takes off, it rips away from the foundation. His means that you not only have to factor in the weight of the house, but also the force required to break away from the foundation, which would increase the required force significantly.
I still don't understand why everyone gets was about that one scene but I do have no imotion sooooo
Hey matpat i have your awnser for where carl lives, if yoh look at the flag in the courtroom its an Ohio flag so carl lives in Ohio
You think with that budget  you would just get the passport and plane tickets
10:48 Ok Rockstar, time to add this to GTA 5
Rich people: Oh matpat, oh matpat, did you really think i was gonna do it all. I am just gonna hire people to do it for me
I also don’t think he would be able to land once he arrives at his destination…
Pete talk to you to make a movie con nots
You know when I look back at UP the only question I had was…  How the heck did Carl filled all those balloons as an elder in just one night?
Ok but I have two more questions  1)would the strings just NOT break under all that weight  2)WHERE would you tie the strings to
“Classic Cleveland pulling a Cleveland” so, so true 😢
Who else is here because of the Brazilian Dare Devil who recreated this.
Now in 2023 you can’t even get helium (my job also does birthday parties and we’ve been out of helium for months)
I've seen the up house
What about food and water became in the movie it looked like he didn’t have much food
Waittaminute....youre saying im a giggling gary because...im a gary that giggles?...eh, ok, makes sense, i guess
🎈THE URGE TO BITE ALL THOSE BALLOONS. When I was a kid, the balloons looked like candy to me.🍭
Fun fact: my grandfather’s name is Carl and he look identical to Carl in the film even to the head shape and voice
6:25 Can't even lift only 1 ballon in Ohio
I love Cleveland because me and my friends family went to the ock and roll hall of fame and I got a cool hat 🧢
Carl: Okay, got everything accounted for. Used every bit of money I could and got the house to balance. Nothing can go wrong. Russel: Hey Mr, Fredrickson! Carl: We’re screwed
Carl: Okay, got everything accounted for. Used every bit of money I could and got the house to balance. Nothing can go wrong. Russel: Hey Mr, Fredrickson! Carl: We’re screwed
6:35 mmmmmmmm... I love turtle death
umm but.. would the FISHING LINE hold??
In your weight calculation you didn't consider the wind resistance from the 'structure' of balloons. Think of how kites fly. The extra uplift from the wind will significantly decrease the total of balloons that you will need. After recalculating that all we'd need to do is reconsider the tensile strength of the lines, and whether or not it would be better for the weight to make a net to trap all the balloons instead of tieing each one individually.
What if a couple of balloons pop you would have to blow up a new one to take its place and your already in the air your screwed
Now I could be mistaken but the measurement of balloons you took accounted for how much everything weighed, but wouldn't you at least need a few more to get it to start moving upward?
answer: hydrogen ballons (4 times lighter)
End of spoilers: 1:57
I think its more like 100-150 million baloons to lift it cuz of friction and extra long string
Mr. beast needs to get on this
Learn to love Jesus he loves us !
Okay I have fixed UP if the air has a density off 1,837.5 kg per square metre then yeah 20,000 balloons is enough.   6:18 Actually 31,150,320 Balloons, must’ve been a typo.
Me my brother and cousins use to do this and let go when get to high in air when we was young, lol us older gen was built different before technology
6:31 as if I needed MORE reason to hate Ohio. I was gonna say imagine all the wildlife y’all killed but you killed two humans too. Wow, Ohio along with Harambe it seems you’re the murder capital of the world. Also it really bothers me that you mention the foundation but never mention how completely ridiculous it is to believe balloons have enough FORCE to rip a house off its foundation. Even if 3 mil balloons COULD lift a house don’t mean they WILL. Houses are kinda attached to foundations so unless the house was built unattached to the ground that sucker won’t budge no matter how many balloons you slap onto it
6:10 for balloon count
bro matpat from ohio confirmed
If I'm understanding correctly, MatPat was born in November of 86. I was November of 85. Wonder if he's also a Scorpio? 🤔
I love the way you left it.
If you want to read the Gospel then I will put something like that in my replies, but if you read that then you should still read the complete Gospel. I put this because in Acts 1:8 it says “You will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth” so I put this to do what The Lord says. If you read it then like the comment so that more people can see it, and more people have at least one opportunity, because accepting Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior is the most important decision that you will ever make.
6:30 dang that probably caused a lot of lag all those entities released at the same time
Carl doesn’t want to leave the city because so much is going on. He wants to leave because he doesn’t want to pay taxes.
THEY HAD DA  MONEY MONEY from the BANK BANK they ROBBED DA Bank BANK
Heh  CARRIED 🎈
"Horizon in the middle of Nowhere"   Mat you watch some interesting anime.  Salem approves
Only in Ohio
But what if you hired people to fill the balloons
o h i o .
The actual question to be asked is how a chubby boy scout climbs onto a porch from under it mid-air, and only to be unable to climb up Carl's garden hose after reaching south America.
I never cried at that point
0:17; Was that pun intended?
when party baloon string goes super san it disipers
If we’re really going to start poking holes in the movie how does he lift over 500000 Pounds from a fireplace even if it was welded in I don’t know
Don’t call me heartless but I will say I’ve never cried to the opening of up. Like actually I’m not saying it as a lie just to look tough I’m being serious. Heck my dad put it on repeat on a 15 hour long road trip and yet no tears were shed (except when my brother almost broke my pinkie for no reason)
What does it cost in 1930s money
matpat is 37yo
uh oh matpat was born in ohio
Um balloon fest looking like a explosion.
Matpat in Ohio 💀
Only in ohio
Okay so the costs are a lot but I would say he probably made a deal with the building company. he would get me property after he got his house off the property as long as they gave him the money for the balloons. they would help him fill the balloons then after he is gone off the property the building company gets their property they need to build and they most likely will pay a lot for that
why does the top right part of the house look liike legos
I hate showing my work i don't know what to show when I so it in my head fast
only in ohio
He actually did that he must have buy balloon he's whole life
OMG HE SAID OHIO
MatPat born in Ohio confirmed?
did Blain really do this? it sounds incredibly fun. in no way magical.
Ofc those balloons were in ohio
I know this is kind of stupid to say but I think the height of the house and balloons along with like all of the air-born objects like planes, birds, etc, and hurricanes / storms would have an effect on this by either blowing the house out of direction or just in general popping some of the balloons.
6:27 You DO know that would make you born in November 1986, right? And you DO know the problem with that right? *YOU CAN'T! BE! OLDER! THAN! ME! WITHOUT! A! FIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
Matpat being born in Ohio makes too much sense
Only in ohio
Depends on the size of the balloon. Balloon rides are a thing, using hot air. Blimps are balloons. The US military had airships (blimp) that acted as aircraft carriers capable of arming, repairing, fueling, launching and recovering biplanes.    Strap a couple of marine motors to your giant airborne sausages and you have a lead zeppelin video.
UR THIRTY-NINE !!! I THOUGTH U WERE TWENTY-EIGHT!!!
based on the amount of stuff he uses in the movie, rather than what he would really need, maybe it was ellies life insurance that paid for it.
only in ohio💀💀
Won't be the first time though
Ohio balloon demon confirmed
But how do you know that the balloon is filled with helium
6:25 matpatt was born in OHIO 1 Year Before the bite of 87
I live in salt lake, got to go check it out!!
@MarkRober should really team up sometime with @FilmTheory
actually carl doesn't need extra helium for staying for long cause in the movie carl knew that atleast 3 days it will go to paradise falls
Dear Mat pat    Wouldn't the balloons deflate after a couple of days
Wait Carl still has most of his furniture so that wold weigh the house down more
👏🏼
By my calculations mat pat is 36 years old in 2022 when his birthday happens
what about the weight for stuff like water, if there is any, or the people in the house, and the dog, and the clothes and furniture.
That end meme brought a tear to my eye
It's been many years since I last watched Up, but if I remember correctly, weren't the balloons already inflated when Carl released them from the... roof? Chimney? Like, where did he keep all those balloons, and how were they released, and if they were already inflated, how did the house not fly off sooner? And if they weren't inflated until Carl... uh... decided they should? How? All at once? With helium? While there were fishing lines attached to them? Especially if there were supposed to be millions of balloons, that seems like quite a bigger stretch than the ability for balloons to lift the house and bring it to another continent.
Why do we not see the film and game theory intros anymore
my best friend lives in that house
just realized matpat and I are born same month and year
you should do another up video but on Charles muntz
We love you too, MatPat!
10316th
What is the anime name
Wouldn't the house fall since you could not attach all the bloons at once?
I've done a deep dive into physics, even of the quantum variety, and I really appreciate the level of depth into which you go to make these videos. However, that balloon fest is disgusting bc of all the pollution
Matpat put a lower price don't you use air to fill up balloons get it fill up
😅 the other problem is that no one is addressing is the additional weight of everything that's in the house so technically it's not possible first of all you need tons of balloons second you need a way to lift the house up without too much damage three you need great weather patterns like you said but you also need to account for balloons that pop the littlest bit of pressure or anything could pop a balloon not to mention if they're not tied down right you could lose some not to mention all the stuff in the house is moving around so that doesn't help with steering not to mention bad weather would definitely sink his house within seconds there's just so much to consider that I think some people just don't address so if I'm going to be honest it's not possible 😅 at least not in the way they did it and other videos kind of cheated and made it not accurate by not using the right balloons or using the right house anyway so they can't really be considered fact
i have a question how about hydrogen true they are flammable but isn't taht will make it flought higher
I’m older than MattPatt from August to November. Small world.
But wait, what if he just uses hydrogen??? It would half the amount of balloons and would quarter the costs
I only saw first ten minutes of this movie. The rest was so nuts and convoluted that I quit
We REALLY need Film Theorys about PBS kids cartoons pls
matpat you are not a needle of sadness you make me happy im not staying up so late just to make us happy bro give your self some credit
Oh where going up, why do I hear snapping?
I have an idea for a game theory in baldi's basics you can use the soda to push Baldi away but how hard would you need to shake a soda can to do that?
`dear matpat yes it is really inpossible to pull this off so i might do some reserch
I have never cried or even been sad in the beginning of up
Hold on where did coral get all the Balloons did they just appear out of nowhere how did they fit in the house
The joke at the end wasn't as good as the lion King joke but that one was okay.
You attach a hot air balloon to a house
Mat what about the balloons that National Geographic used? How much changed
The real question is, would mrbeast do this? With a massive crowd? With all the money?
His next theory be like: coke is a food from another universe where it rains soup filled with bars of soap
Matt you neglected something with the cost when you buy that much you get discounts because you’re buying in bulk
here's another thing that's not often accounted for: that number of 31.5 million balloons is only applicable to if the house is just sitting there and not attached to the ground, like the house is showed to do when he takes off
Why dosent he just demolish the house get a helicopter license,a helicopter and fly to the location to rebuild his house there,it will be less cost and less time.
I think the real question here is....could there be a better gas to use than helium? Is there anything that's even more lighter than air than helium, thus generating more lift?
What would happen if  you use weather balloons
Where is the town/city in up?
i live near the up house replica
Do it elon
i can just imagine mrbeast reaching for his wallet right now
I recommend watching the series The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau”, or “Through the Wormhole With Morgan Freeman”.
I want mrbeast to do this.
Huh Matpat should be in pixar
Short anwser. No. It would require too much helium to do so. it would take many trillions of balloons min to lift a single kid yet alone a house. Sources: Myth Busters EIDT: thinking back to that ep I think it was actually a couple hundred thousand not anywhere near a trillion. I was using trillion for emphasis not as an actual numeric figure. apology for any confusion that caused.
Yay ol' mat got the diamond 🎉🎉🎉
I think this movie left out birds or maybe that don’t exist because how did none of the blooms pop like can all birds not fly this is the most confusing thing in up.
Another continent? It's the same continent, just traveling south.
my head hurts, just get a bunch of balloons, God Damnit.
If there is anyone out there that might actually be able to do it, I bet it would be Mark Rober.   Anyone know him to make the suggestion?
It'd take 10 years to blow up the balloons by yourself... Get 10 people and it's 1 year... Get 100 people it's 0.1 of a year (just over a month), get a few hundred involved it wouldn't be a problem. 1000 people could get that done in a week or two, especially because their ability to tie balloons would become much better as they went along. Also, how much force would be needed to actually detach from the house or did he somehow get around that?
5.5 million dollar life insurance policy on Ellie ✅️
I'd like to think Carl is secretly into grand theft and just stole all these materials. Plausible? Not at all.  A really fun idea that makes me laugh? Yes.
4:10 this reminds me, Carl and Ellie often postponed their trip to Paradise falls to repair their damaged stuff, they bought heavier tires, medical bills, and even a heavier roof when a tree falls on it
Me😭
Also how fast does a balloon lose helium because if you cant blow them up enough at a time to the point you're losing too much helium then it's impossible to do it
another questoin is, how long would it take?
Friend: hey how are you moving You: by using over 31 million balloons
I still love this intro like you original game theory intro
No the real real question is can we build a dog collar with a speaker located on it that can allow us home sapiens to communicate with dogs
Maybe they had life insurance
Cleveland actually sucks
The phrase “Ruining your childhood since 2014” really fits the channel, this is my parents favorite movie and if I showed them this video they would be so mad 😡😡😡
No
You still haven't talked about the single most condemning fact: Party balloons filled with helium struggle to last a full day without losing the ability to support themselves since party balloons struggle to contain helium well. Even if all the factors you talked about worked out in Carl's favor, his house would be grounded in, at best, 24 hours. Carl would struggle to make it out of his own State before being grounded.
That's some strong fiishing line 💪
Matpat: Paradie's fall's feet Me:you are so funny :)
Why does it only show one comment on my screen? (Unincluding me)
I thought the kid in up was in cub scouts
Can you make a theory on Alex Bale plzzz
Well remember when he was younger he worked at the south America zoo and he' did the balloons 🎈
Song at 7:50?
It's good that you give more credit for not showing work than my math teacher
5:57 how does friction make something heavier?
I like the new theme song      Edit:it 8s way more calm then the game theory theme song
Congratulations you’ve made it to 10 million! Just figured that out
foreshadowing?
Me realizing that he is born in the same state as me
The secret ingredient was crime all along.
also you missed the fact that the balloons will probably pop and will definitely lose air over time.
The strings on the  balloons will probably break lifting a house.
mr beast be like:all right thats a bit costy but i can still do that
31,150,319 balloons guys
Man this some bullshit, I used to love these videos, now he just kinda sounds annoying and loud. Guess I'm too old now 🤷‍♂️
Those balloons in the world record seem like they would be bad for the environment tho😅. Luv u guys and ur vids!
2.22 Matpat saying if you want somethign doen right you gotta do it yourself Me getting hyped thinking he's gonna make his own house fly across a continent Him explaining it in theory :-/
Wouldn't they die from lack of oxygen bc how they are?
Also 31 million is the minimum. The house loses a lot of balloons throughout the movie and it was still able to float. So it's probably way more than that.
When I first watched the movie. I thought Carl's initial plan was to fly the house to Paradise Falls. And I think he was planning to die there. But what about Russell, this is basically child abduction and he'll be stranded in South America.
Wow I was just in Cleveland for the first time in my life a few days ago. I went to the west side market but that’s about it
So what you're telling me is... That a house is lighter than 1 Mr. Beast?
I can beat that balloon price, being as I sold balloons too. wow this is making me wanna cry. really sad movie.
unless carl removed tons of excess weight?
What about the foul whether
Simple party balloons with helium will only last a few days, 4 if you are lucky, and then the whole helium penetrated the wall and is gone. That's also why in the experiments they had to use weather balloons
I love how this doesn't even address the piping and underground structure of the house. If it would even make it off the ground before it fell apart.
Everyone gangster until you forget that if you go to high the balloons pop and balloons always go up
Another thing. Helium in standard latex only lasts about 8 hours. Forget 10 years you have to do it in less than a day. Unless you get a gel called hi-float which will make the balloon last up to 24 hours but adds to the overall weight.  It wouldn't be possible to get as far as South America from the states. Just on float time on the balloon. And lastly if it gets to hot or cold that can effect the balloon either by expanding or contracting.
I know another question, after a while balloons pop. In the movie it’s been a very long time for them in the air. IRL I don’t know it they would have kept it in the air for to long.
Lupin the third
There’s one answer to this. 10,297.
Wouldn’t the balloons lose helium and sink back to the ground in a few hours
Lol
He just stole the balloons
This is a whole nother difficulty for the monkeys in BTD6
What about concluding their weight? It also takes more balloons and money
I dont know if you counted the furniture if you did im gonna look like a idiot 🙂
Pedos make the type of jokes you make, all the information is out there and you have some very dubious even worrying characteristics its quite sick
Wait but wasn't he going to the retirement home when he left, meaning he took the offer that the multi-billion dollar company gave him for the land dead in the middle of where they were already investing millions upon millions of dollars, to which a couple million wouldn't be such a large deal meaning technically he could have sold the LAND to buy the balloons and helium and fishing string and just float away the house? 🤷‍♂️
No movies Pixar in 2020? There are two
I'm Yusuf got out of the question I know you didn't put the question in your script I know how much would this cost if you did it in real life how many how much money would it be 30 million or 3 million for Bloons would be I'm sorry cards for million dollars or something I'm not sure maybe you won't oh no maybe bum to cheap just been really just being 1000 done after but no one was 3 million 3 million balloons oh no maybe why isn't
his house weighs less than 1 mrbeast
Plausible no. So wheres the theory? Access to anti gravity
The pollution 😣
1:21 I'm watching this through my watch later playlist
Can you talk about the almost exticed bird
what about just boarding a plane living on top of that place wont get u anywhere
intro hits different
My question: can the balloons lift and detach the piping and frame work from the ground, water sewage etc.
OUR BALLOONS WILL BLOT OUT THE SUN
11:10 True it does take 10 seconds to fill into each balloon but if that’s the case then how come the 1986 event happened because that was 1.5 million so would’ve taken them six months to fill with one person Elon musk has so many followers that yeah it could be done just wanted to unburst that balloon he he he he he.
what about the winds pushing him off direction not to mention how he was pulling the house AND the amount of water coming off the waterfall would drench thou house.
I got 99 year of balloons
Mad pat do a video on luca
Mad pat do a video on luca
Not how many ballons does it to take a house is the question but: How many ballons has one man to sell to not only afford a House, but keep it after the long terminal illness of his wife with countless hospitalisations...in a country without any public health insurance system.  Just saying.....
All I see when I look at helium is he he he
6:57 how did they die?
99,000
Static electricity build up
This isn't a insult but he's such a nerd
I randomly keep resting it to magician and overall
how is everyone sad about that 5 min thingy
Is matpat correct or not reply if he is correct or not
I love how you take nostalgic kids movies and add science.
You didn't include the weight of the furnishings, appliances, wardrobes, cutlery, FRIGGIN RUGS and crap.
Insurance paid for it. What I’m not the only person that lives with old people
Well if you were a billionaire and paid 1000 people to blow up balloons you could get it done in 4 straight days call it a month for any lost time, slow balloon blow ups and accidental popping
how did Bigfoot get powers
Or like 5 hot air balloons
Long live Cleveland and we are never going to get that record
hey i live in Ceveland
correct
Thomas the Tank Engine, anthropomorphic locomotive engine who rides the rails of the fictional island of Sodor. Thomas the Tank Engine stars in the long-running television series Thomas & Friends
ah Cleveland gotta love it
So MatPat was born in 1986 november, interesting...
"Cleveland is the Double Baltic of cities" is the greatest quote ever
Luckily, I’m able to watch the first 10 minutes of Up without crying =)
Double Baltic
Another question. How does the house stay down with the balloons in it, but fly when the balloons are released?
You don’t ruin my childhood. I would rather hear the truth than lies.
the question im thinking about is how many extra balloons does it need to lift up the house with foundations in the movie up we could see Carls house does have foundations
You know what's a more believable method of flight for a person?  This old British commercial for bread.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddV9oeOBJk8
HOW HAS NOBODY ASKED THIS QUESTION. !!!!WHERE IS THE GUMMIE BEAR EPISODE!!!! (I'm not mad just disappointed, when you hint to a episode  coming out on "food theory" from "film theory" that you have a interesting episode one everyone's favorite memed song. I would figure I would see it shortly after this episode. BUT NO. YOU LIED. and I think it's about time I raise the flag and make the charge, To demand you to fulfill your promise #GIVEUSGUMMYBEARS (this clip is pulled from that moment from film theory so you all know what I'm talking about) https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxTyz20G2JPrJjD0I2ASUxJv5wwccQN-E2    (Lastly yes I'm just doing this to make some noise you dont have to make the episode but I hope this works love you mat been here in the shadows for a long time)
Isn't it cheaper to just... book a plane-
Carl’s house weighs less than one mrbeast
All of this is just fantasy even though u still that big airship. Plus the house is made out of wood, and if it was made out of concrete it will not fly.
Pop go the balloons to my life…have a great day matpat
i have the real anser for the last question. He works for a ballon selling company so he just takes a lot of ballons after his day at work :)
i just wach this movie to see doug
Now my mom wants to know if the talking dog thing is possible
I hate anime
Hi
I just realized matpat called Cleveland a double Baltic
Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers. Bob's Burgers.
The thing is that, since that is a very old house I doubt that you could lift the entire weight by just tying it to the fire place cause it would break the moment is takes off
But the real question here is: How did he manage to hide all these balloons and what stopped them from levitating?
Actually Pete was not the co-Director he was the Director No co-Director was involved I think
He COULD have used hydrogen haha
H i
I love how realistic Up is from the start until it comes to when he gets his house flying. My canon is that he died the night before they came to bring him into retirement.
Um still one big problem in this theory that your overlooking. The fishing line. Fishing lines break all the time just from trying to catch fish. The tension from reeling in a fish alone is enough to break the line. With that said, I can’t see a fishing line being strong enough to keep a balloon and a house tied together without breaking.
i just love that matpat is from cleveland, ohio. we need better representation for ohio youthbers
I can't be the only one who smiles because someone releases a nice into the sky and someone finds it
Another question, would the balloons keep their helium?
Am I the only one that I realised that in the time 7:22 he said double balltic form from the food theory episode about the Macdonald's lottery I mean just saying.
You leave Cleveland out of this, we've been through enough!
I like how you hit us with irrefutable evidence and mathematical and scientific facts and then say "but that's just a theory."
So what your saying is Elon musk can do this
The movie isn’t sad
I think the main problem is ripping the house off the foundation that has to be a lot of force
so basically up but realistic would be more of a road trip with carl committing grand theft auto to get a truck capable of carrying his house (assuming he somehow had the money to quite literally uproot his home)
I do not understand how people get sad over a summary of a life.
4:00 - Actually, the Queen Anne style isn't that heavy ( with the exception the brick versions), as wood has a low density. If the house was a stone cottage or tiny castle, then it would be very very very heavy compared to a wooden building of the same size.
what if the balloons explode? will the house just fall?
Dats a lot of money
Carl probably took his wife's life insurance to get the money for it all
I accidentally avoided this video for a year and when i first saw it it said 30 minutes ago.
Mr beast should use these balloons
me watching Up one last time before watching this episode of film theory as ik thats the last time ima watch that movie peacefully
can the string even carry the weight of the house?
I love how Carl from up looks exactly like the main character in the movie madea witnesses 😂😂😂…HOLD UP 1986 omg my mom was born back then which means if your born in that time your 35 like my mom WOW my favorite theorist is born in the same time my mom was 😁😁😁 or this video was 1 year ago so you were 34
Hold on so you equalized the amount of lift from the balloons and the weight of the house, but that means it wouldn't lift it'd just stay at the same height, you'd have to have more lift on the balloons, not an equal amount.
What if he was the boy scout
There's also the issue of legal stuff. It's not exactly legal to tie millions of balloons to your house.
Weird that Mat thinks a billionaire would fill the balloons by themselves
Never gonna give you up  No seriously I’m not
Doesn't he need even more ballons to actually lift the house up I mean the 30 million ballons are just for the house to make it weight nothing if u (theoretically) put the house on a scale.(just a thought of mine wich makes kinda sense)
I comment to help statistics
Matt patt, did you account for inflation?
i wanna ask a question: how do u shower or wash your hands if you dont have sewer and water pipes??
Up  l liked this movie  I wondered this too
Dang I learned so much! For example I thought Russel was a small mail man but I guess he’s a Boy Scout. Crazy right!
Mat : Sobbing and quit watching after 10m in   Me : Watch the whole movie without moving a muscles , yes , no mid time wc restock popcorn
Forgot one thing BALLOONS DEFLATE
I will do it when i have 500.000.000$~
I will do it when i have 500.000.000$~
About the cost he already have the balloons and the helium because was his work...
Horizon in the middle of nowhere! Love that you know that anime! Truly underappreciated
Why can I hear the yeah science part of the intro?
Matpat: RUINING YOUR CHILDHOOD me: oh I’m just here for the science lessons
They could buy Argentina with that amount
This is the last film theory episode with the intro what the heck mat
I rewatched this and now I understand why u said double baltic. I was so confused until I saw the episode about the McDonald's monopoly on food theory.
Ok but what about taking the house off the ground and when the balloons loose their helium
does anyone else remember the double baltic joke :D
The first 10 minutes is laughable, like cmon
ITS hilarious that your from Cleveland. I am too. I dont see alot of content creators from there.
The opening sequence to Up is a more compelling story than everything else Pixar has done.
We aren't talking abt anti aircraft missiles and things???
Ok, I know I’m late and I probably not the first person to mention this, but, where would he store the balloons? Like, I haven’t watched it in years, but I’m pretty sure in the movie he lets them out of the fireplace. And It seems like they’ve been there a good while. How would that many balloons stay put in a fireplace/chimney long enough to be cut in one movement in a spur of the moment runaway scene? I’m not trying to be too technical here, but that’s kinda what this videos about. Would you theoretically be able to house millions of helium filled balloons in you fireplace and be able to cut them free in a few seconds and have the house be torn from its foundation (not to mention electrical wires and water pipes) in just a few seconds as well, and then be lifted into the sky??? Idk I know I’m just thinking too much but still I wonder…
Something else not added to the movie is that helium balloons can leak or lose lift over time. You would get to a point where no matter how many balloons you fill, the lifting force wouldn’t get any higher, as the ones already filled with helium are decreasing in lift while you’re only replacing the lost lift force instead of adding to it. Myth busters did an experiment where they filled a lot of balloons with helium to see if you could lift a child. But as they started to get close to the number of balloons needed, the ones already filled had lost helium and therefore lift so more balloons were needed to be filled to replace them.
Ok but wouldn't the strings snap?🤨
Can you lift up a burj khalifa ?
Wait so i live in utah so i can go see this house OMG
I know this is a random video to make this comment on but I’m just asking what do you think your fourth channel should be if you have different ideas I have a video request for you if you can make a video on the ideas.
Ok
This mans IQ must be 156 or also known as a genius
When you realize that making a balloon house costs more than a plane flight…
oh el wn pesao
how far would he make it before balloons lose their lift. & would the more heavy duty balloons be better? (I don’t know what they’re made out of)
7:38 yeah then why do boat sails work?
YouTube algorithm only be good at 3am on a school night
If one balloon can lift 8 grams, how did david blane, and national geographic do their lifts without thousands of balloons?
He would also have to hire an electrician to unhook the hydro coming into the house and a plumber to unhook the pipes. Those two things alone would keep the house to the foundation and prevent it from moving.
he said double Baltic before the food theory episode
Hi
mat you know that he ons the ballons in the move he has a lot of ballons alrady
1:55 where's the bird
Too easy
Let's just make Mr.Beast do it..
Why are there always so many strings attached?
kdp demo      why are so clever???????
It will take ten years for one person to inflate that many balloons but it will take less time if you have lots of people doing it for you kinda like Varuka Salt from Charlie and the chocolate factory
do a video about ninjago. that Lego ninja show which recently ended.
Ok but where are the Boy Scout dude’s perents
OI YOU FORGOT THE SNIPE/KEVIN
Despite everything, You're saying its possible
People say that the Boy Scout was an angel because they thought that the old man was about to die an the boy was trying to get his' badges' instaed they were wings
matpat making theory of Carmen sanddiego 🤭😄
EXACTLY ONE YEAR AGO
Or what if the mean business guy from the beginning payed him for the plot of land and if it is based in a bug city it could be worth close to 5 m depending which city
Wait, what if you had a team fill up the balloons??? How long would it take then and, how many people would you need. Plus how many of the 3m+ balloons would you need to assign to a person? —————————————————  Another question: How would this experiment effect the environment?
It’s funny that Mr beast can afford all that helium, balloons and Lead
Billionaires can just hire millions of workers duh
Mr beast: today me and the bois are going to spent 48 hours in a house but its in the sky
Ayo What da dog doing?
Confession time: one time I found a letter attached to an old deflated latex balloon that said if you find it to call this number... So I thought it would be funny to call my friend in Australia and tell him to call the number...
Film theory idea what are the logistics of the merge gun from the Batman Lego Movie
Ellie's life insurance was pretty good, he just didn't want to go without her and he felt that she was the house cuz he's insane and an old man.
With the right sale handling you can sail into the wind.
it posible but luck $5 108 302 dollars 10 years and luck
Yeah but it’s he’s an angel because when his wife died he died to
you forgot that its a cartoon
I had seen up movie and his job is get kids balloons in zoo and must to got all of ballon that he got from work
I like how this was recommended to me after i finished watching the geographic flying house
want a summarize search up explained by an idiot its funny
Also the balloons would pop of "age" in like a week. Therefore not being able to fill over 3mil balloons, even if you had the time.
Would the string be Abel to carry the weight of a house???
grzd flb ghfq...
idk how but i never cried.never.
Watching this to pay respect to the great man himself
Rest in peace, Ed Asner.
My brain literally just decided first thing in the morning to watch this up theory once again right before Ed Asner's death was trending on social media, wat
RIP Ed Asner
Technically all of those O molecules should have been N molecules, as air is 79 percent Nitrogen, forgetting that the O should have been O2, as the Nitrogen would have to be as well.
Responding to this late, but, just seeing Tim Cook at end reminds be Apple Park is about 5 billion dollars, who knows, after all it’s night a space ship but the up house
HA LITTLE DID YOU KNOW I NEVER CRIED DURING UP CAUSE I NEVER EVER THOUGHT IT WAS DEPRESSING LOL
陸禹涵 你以為從100賺到7900的人這一生就不再碰股市(賭場)了？ 你不懂股神(賭鬼)
You forgot the furniture and crockery in the house
11:09 Jokes on you Mat, some billionaire is doing it and living on a floating house in 2030 (10 years every since this year start).
YOU GUYS HIT 10 MILLION
I saw an ally bank ad on this video, funny
7:14 double baltic was made my you right?
10 MILLION MILESTONE ALERT!!!! 11:32
You Got A Good Theory!!!! Good Job!
Carl was better off buying a luxurious private jet with all that retirement dough.
Jeff Bezos should fly his house using balloons
I was making so much money with doordash hello who are you why for breakfast yeah there is there cereal oh that's what I had and that's what I had breakfast at 8:00 a.m.
MatPat: Insults Cleveland   Me: Alright Pitchforks up!!! 😡 😡 😡   MatPat: I’m from Cleveland!!!  Me: Have a nice day 😇 😇 😇
10 years you say?
Für den Algorithmus
How many leaf blowers does it take to push an SUV?
I didn't cry I think I'm emotionless
Jeff Bezos: is that a challenge?
Mat pat you should make a theory on  that : are Carl's dog and Scooby Doo related. Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
301000😱😱!!
😱😱😮😲😵
Wow, that balloon fest is super unhealthy for the environment.
I’ll save you the trouble.. he needs 31,150,319 balloons to lift his house.. Your welcome
"You need a lot of money to buy a lot of balloons! " Mr beast: understandable have a nice day
"HOW MANY BALLOONS DOES IT TAKE TO LIFT A HOUSE"  "OVER 9,000!!!!!"
I do actually kinda wanna see mr beast do this now... he's done weirder I'm sure
Forgot to say that balloons pop🎈🎈🎈
100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 balloons
You guys are the best like I want your YouTube channel everything like your channel whistle best but sometimes I'm scared of Five Nights at Freddy's♥️
1:06 coming July 9, 2021
7:12 AHA THATS A FOOD THEORY REFERENCE
00:06 In 2008 a Brazilian priest ascended to the skies using balloons, as I remember he didn't have a method to get back to the ground, because he believed that God was going to make him come back. He disappeared for months and unfortunately his body was found lifeless in the Atlantic Ocean.
Mat pat:fine I’ll do it myself
You also forgot to mention that the house is full of furniture and it ripped the house out of its foundation
maybe he took the money for selling the house then flew away?
For a possible morty, on the Springfield movie the lake gets so polluted by pig crap it gives a squires mutations, same for other animals... could this really happen tho?
i used to live in the city where the up house replica was and i’ve been to the house! sometimes in the summer they would actually attach balloons to the roof. it was pretty cute.
Yooooo that mic is a RØDE NT-USB MINI, that's what I use
Why I fell Mr beast is here and thinking to do this????
I feel heartless because I have never once cried at the beginning of the movie
IDK HOW BUT PLS DO A LUCA THEORY
5:56 Carl is not paying electric bill
One other question is the fishing line if its  lifting all that?
Let’s be real: the ‘90s and the ‘00s were the prime for Disney and Pixar. Movies like Lion King, Mulan, Chicken Little, Home on the Range, Wall-E, Bugs Life, Emperor’s New Groove and many more from 1991-2008 were the best movies to come out from Disney.
I realized when i was old what they where married and her wife dies, i dont understand that time
I never wached WACHED him before but all i like about a nerd and he sounds smart lol
Hi film theory is it OK if you can do a theory about Luca
The only movie Rick Astley will never give you
“Most balloons released at one time” PETA has entered the chat PETA is typing  PETA has had a heart attack
Omg!! I live in the same place he lived in AND my bday is the same day of his first theory vid
Mat there is one factor you forgot the era price of the balloons as far as we know carl was a balloon sailsman at a zoo since that was his job he could have saved tones of balloons from his job same with string so factor those in his line of work and getting a hose line to inflate multiple balloons is another factor
I'm gonna brag that I was born in the same place as MatPat
How strong is the string and the house? It's attached to the fireplace if it's that high up in the air it probably should have just ripped the fireplace out of the chimney. I mean it's not impossible for it to specifically be a house I mean it could be like a camping trailer if you want and besides the balance and buoyancy that is needed will be very very hard to do. You have to balance these type of stuff because it's all so something that ships used to make sure that the passengers don't get seasick and you're going to have to figure out how to balance in the air. And besides how would the public react to an actual flying House in the air anyways?
Well, there's a scene where a real estate agent wants to get his place so maybe karl exchanged that piece of land for 6M
how long would it take to put all the ballon on the house\
Canon(ish) answer, ripped from the director commentary: “You would need about 10 million balloons if you were gonna do this for real, so if you’re thinking of doing this at home, buy stock in a balloon company.” But that was 2010 calculations, so...
Great video! And awesomely close to 10 million subs! I just subscribed and I wish you the best!
The low temper hisologically trouble because illegal clinically peel apropos a misty cormorant. cynical, acoustic swallow
film theory idea: what was Saitama's punch when he was fighting genos (season1 episode5)
When you want something done right leave it to mattpatt
you also have to keep in mind that the house got ripped out of its foundation so that would have to add a lot of balloons
Balloon fest happened the month after I was born so MatPat and I are the same age.
If you want more info on the ballon fest or even more weird history stories, just head on over to the Dollop! It’s a great podcast
MrBeast in 2031: We lifted a house with ballons, 5 million dollars, 10 years of work
I like listening to matpat while doing things like playing games or watering plants
But the bigger question is how many balloons would it take to lift Carls house using balloons with his balloon's wires tensile strength???? We need as many balloons as it would take to distribute the weight evenly enough to all of them so  to make the weight even enough on all the strings. Maybe thats why the directors came up with such a large number, because they took into the account just how much weight each of the strings could feasibly hold.. Did u already try this and figure it cant be done?
also helium balloons start to deteriorate after 12 hours
Mr beast answered this question
I'm not from the USA but I been living in  ohio twinsburg so cleveland is not that far away(fact I come from colombia so I had to learn english and belive me is the hardest thing in the world.)
Dummy
me: plays any ur video my head: ImA bE cRaZy WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
The banck so he won't have to give it back
what about the tensile strenght of fishing lines
While you could eventually generate enough lifting force if you had like an infinite number of available balloons one of the main questions I have is how would you attach the balloons so the house is lifted up rather then the roof or walls getting ripped off the house and carried away? But I’m only 3 minutes in, maybe you’ll go over that.  Edited: Didn’t come up… in the movie Up, Mr. Fredrikson seemed to have all the balloons coming out of his chimney and tethered to the grate in his fireplace. The fact that the entire house could be torn free of its foundation, lifted into the sky, and carried to another continent is a testament to the sturdiness of that grate which by all logical accounts should’ve been ripped out of the fireplace upon through the chimney and into the stratosphere!
this is epic
matpat forgot one thing the price in the story it said he was saving after his wife died so yeah he could do it
matpat couldn't your billionaire viewers just like higher an army of people to blow up and tie the balloons
So Carl spent $5.1 millions to get to the Paradies Falls, very expensive.
Isnt it cheaper go just buy a ticket to go to paradise falls? I mean i expect a ticket to go to paradise falls is cheaper than "$5,108,302".
I propose that it is in fact not possible. Purely based on the fact that that party balloons leak their helium over time. With the longest amount of time that balloons hold their gas (that I could find) being a week, there is no possibility of being able to fill the balloons fast enough to reach enough balloons without any emptying, and even then the balloons would leak while the house is in the air so getting to a desired location in less than a week would nearly impossible. Winds would have to be going constantly over 60 m/h
That last part sound like idea for mr beast video
The marvelous scale temporally step because spandex wailly trace around a giddy wing. angry, rightful manx
I'd also like to bring up that the house is holding itself together while flying and I don't think houses are that sturdy
Simple solution to the money problem: Steal the items instead and possibly become a fugitive
6:16 all i was thinking is "what about the funture" i know this channel so well lol
Even if Carl had the money and the ten years to inflate the balloons, it would still be impossible. Balloons deflate over time. Look at the balloons you forget to take down after a birthday party. They start shrinking after a few days. By the time Carl inflated his last helium balloon, most of the previous inflated balloons would already have  deflated.
Wouldn't the balloons string rip
Mattpat: "$5.1mil" *Laughs in Bill Gates*
Okay Matt I know this is for game theory but I’m lazy and this has been on my mind. In Slime Rancher ( a small game) I’ve always wondered a few things one what are the slimes, two why do the plorts sell for so much, and lastly why are they here and what is there reason. Thank for listening to my Ted Talk.
I have no doubt you could gather enough balloons to lift a house but could it pull it out of the foundation?
Film theory I have a question if you have 31 million balloons wouldn't it be a high chance that a plane or helicopter would hit it
He didn't spoiler it for me
Better to buy the ticket for the airplane.
SUBSCRIBE
Only OG's remember "Double Baltic"
I'm guessing if you're a billionaire you probably have a illegal sweatshop full of workers somewhere to blow up the balloons so what do you have for that matpat?
I love the radio in Kirlian!
this is just an fyi but you didn't measure how many balloons it would take to lift all of Carl's possesions, Carl himself, and the boy scout kid.
you are wrong Film theory in the Olden times things were cheaper like onlyLimousine that was old ones very cheap but now because it's old it's more precious
Theres this thing thats always bugged me Helium baloons especially the "Party" kind deflate over time and stop floating. Like not over a long period of time. Pretty much overnight. To make UP possible, Wouldent he have to keep replacing the deflated baloons constantly?  Let's forget baloons just randomly popping due to pressure differeces, random debris, birds even a thunderstorm
It's ok carl just found a new gas that is like 50 times less dense than helium
That's O.K. because the whole movie is just a metaphor for Carl moving on to Heaven😇
That one crazy millionaire out there: 'Well it's not like the pyramid was build in a day either.'
You make all games tv movies and kid series  fron of  noob
Aaannnndddd not to mention that the balloons would lose all their helium before he reached a quarter around the world.
Theory idea: From:willy's wonderland  Who is the janitor and why is he doing what he's doing without a second thought.
The final theory channel. Theory Theory.you do new theories on old theories you got wrong
Omg soon 10 mio!!!
🎥❤️↙️http://kopilendot.xyz/nobiella ↘️❤️🔛 🆃🅴 🅼🅾🆂🆃 🆃🆁🆄🆂🅴🅳  🅿🅾🆁🅽⤴️                 🆂🅸🆃🅴 🅵🅾🆁 🆈🅾🆄     🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🆓  !💖🖤❤️今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした,. 💖🖤在整個人類歷史上，強者，富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，氏族，城鎮，城市和鄉村中的弱者，無`'守和貧窮成員。然而，人類的生存意願迫使那些被拒絕，被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，並繼續將其DNA融入不斷發展的人類社會。. 說到食物，不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。相反，他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。他們學會了清潔，切塊，調味和慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，在食品市場上被忽略的部分家用蔬菜和肉類，並且學會了使用芳香的木煙（如山核桃，山核桃和豆科灌木 來調味g食物煮的時候,
Maybe Carl would have more money if he stopped breaking jars. I mean he can just empty it.
My childhood question
what is problem with letting a house not the lefting i mean the problem with Plumbing
The coordinated room arguably perform because health potentially dry aboard a piquant tray. petite, statuesque playroom
Mr beast I got a challahs for toy
Mattpatt : Get back to reality
7:58 i feel like this question deserve a theory
Finally someone from Cleveland who isn’t ashamed
i doubt the rich guy would do it himself, he would hire 10k people to do it for him
Ok
Latex ballons don't hold helium for long. 2 days is generous. So you could fill balloons for 10 years, but you still wouldn't have more than 12,000 inflated balloons.
2:23 Thanos at Age of Ultron: That My Line!
BnL provided the balloons eager to get rid of him and to further pollute the world for their space cruise plan
You would also have to support the entire house or it would fall apart
I did never believed the "Ruining your Childhood" thing, until this Video :(
“Cleveland is the Double Baltic” - Mat HE SAID IT, HE SAID IT
I would like to point out when you were comparing the 105,854 balloons and the 23.5 million the 105,854 was for helium balloons while the 23.5 million was party balloons which is probably why there is such a difference in the numbers
If you had 5 million dollars u got fly there anyway
Wouldnt the balloons just rip off the roof parts they’re supported by?
They always talk about the house in Up.. But what about the talking dog 🧐 🐕
"Love story"?  I saw someone with insane levels of attraction borderlining on mania.  She appeared to have incontrollable obsession with him, and he barely returned her attention.  His grin was in no way an equal response to her explosive clinginess.  She displayed mental problems.  If that is what love is, then you should just choose to be with the nearest stalker because clearly they love you enough for the both of you...
Also the fact that latex balloons last only 6-8 hours before they start deflating
Hi
1:55 Dug was such a adorable and sweet dog!!!😭😭
I know a lot of people like Up but using regular balloons to lift a house off its foundation and to keep it afloat is just so incredibly stupid.   Balloons like that deflate relatively fast, too. Many of them would pop along the way. It totally ruins the suspension of disbelief compared to most other Pixar movies. It's just way, way too absurd and unbelievable.   Pixar was too whimsical for its own good by using those balloons. Maybe if hot air balloons had been used it would have been more believable, at least.
It would be more costly than what you show here. sure, the foundation doesn't get lifted into the air with the rest of the house BUT it's still attached to the house from the get go. You need more balloons than your currently estimating  to rip the house free of the foundation in the first place. having enough to simply lift the house without it's foundation will not be enough to tear it free of said foundation. though it likely would stress the foundation to some extent. possibly causing some structural damage but you'd still need more to break free altogether. which means, the end cost will be higher as well.
Bla bla bla
Fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf fnaf
How was the house structurally stable after the house was lifted off its foundation
I think Disney can pull that off
There is one another Factor why he couldn't have done it: 31M balloons are the constant amount of balloons required at anytime. We are not accounting thd amount of ballons that will burst during the journey, neither the amount of balloons with weak strings. And with such a high amount there is always a chance of birds knocking more balloons down!
My childhood movie... When I saw that there was an excact replica of the house I was excited. Then when I saw that It was less then an hour drive away I got excited. Like natural desaster alarm excited
Do a theorie about the Roblox movie
Be honest everyone, the first 10 minutes of UP has made everyone cry at some point.
Yes!! I’m from just outside of Cleveland too!!
THIS IS THE THEORY I ALWAYS WANTED TO SEE BUT YOUTUBE DIDNT RECOMMEND IT TO ME FOR 7 MONTHS?!?!??!???!?!?!?
ok, but what about weather balloons?
How about he sells the house, buys a plane ticket to Paradise Falls, and uses the rest to start a down payment on his rest home days.
Matt s*it talking Cleveland Guinness me life. I'm from Pittsburgh.
How could that old dweeb buy that many baloons? 😐
Scientists have concluded it will not lift the house but will always lift your spirit
What about when the balloons deflate then you sink into the garage ocean or somewhere in someone’s backyard
So it’s cheaper to just save up to go there
Correction: the earth rotates west-to-east (which is why the sun rises in the east and sets in the west). So the subtropical jet stream is actually blowing alongside the rotation of the earth.
People in the comments finding ways for poor Carl to achieve his dream: Airspace laws: hold my beer
*Ferb i Know what were gonna do today*
If Jeff Benzos or Elon Musk *REALLY* wanted to they could, just pay some people to do it
It would have cost him less just to travel there the normal way. *facepalm*
You know what doesn't make sense in Up? When the men come to take Carl to the elderly home, he suddenly reveals the balloons and lifts off. This means that all of the balloons were already in the house. So A) Shouldn't the house be already floating? and B) Where did they fit seeing how the balloons in the film seem to take up a larger space than the house
You: even the statue of liberty  Me: good, now my plans for summer are ready :)
But what if the billionaires have over 10000 workers to quickly put up the balloons.
He robs a bank
7:00 his face (:
Hey matpat, why did you use the 2800 sq ft dimensions of the replica house for your calculations when the director of up had given the true 1800 sq ft answer of Carl's house in the comment about what they calculated? (that you even included)
How long does it take for a balloon to stop floating? I feel like it would take forever to put all those balloons up, and the first balloons would be sagging after the first week of doing nothing but filling and tying balloons
I never weeped at that first ten minutes because I never understood it 🤣
So remember kids matpat Is destroying are childhood   Ok i know his solving mystiries and logic i think  But still its a movie its a fantasy
1000000000000,
Other problem, could that many balloons be attached by only 50 ft string each? I'm pretty sure most of those would be waaaaaaaaaaay further than 50 ft above the house meaning more string meaning less lift so more balloons
8:05-8:37 ahh this is the part where i learn more unnecessary things in life then the necessary things in life
The why ultimate questions
Wait they couldn’t just buy a plane ticket?
Video on life of pie
Now you should see how much all those balloons are! :)
7:14 Ayy, Double Baltic!
I live super close to the Up house!! It's amazing!!
Fun fact:IT JUST A CARTOON
Now we finally know what "DOUBLE BALTIC" means!!!
"Paradise Falls as location doesn't really exist in real life"  _my life is a lie_
Why didn’t the bloons pop?
Mr beast could not do it with 100 balloons and leaf blowers
7:13 I understood that refrence
straight up ridiculous
Yknow, the only way to lift a house like that is to either be in the pixar universe or remove the extra weight of the house, Carl lived in a pixar universe, and other people lifted an empty and light house, so you could technically live in a lifted house. You just have to have a team of people to blow up balloons and a house that you can live in.  Just saved you from your depression!
You have got to give credit to Pete Doctors prediction on how many balloons are required to be able to lift a house.
I live near the real life UP house 👌
meh, elon musk could do it, lol
Mark Rober would be proud.
Now this is A LOT more than just 99 balloons amirite? *I hate myself.*
Dont forget the FAA would hate you...
hey mat pat my friend did this theory for math homework before this video came out I just rememberd it
me: HOLY COW THATS ALOT The guy that married a ballon: that is nothing
me too i cant keep myself from crying after the first 10 minutes
Wow...Carl's pretty rich
Uncle Scrooge could do it
O.O Smart
Your to smaat
1:15 the main issue with that underappreciated futuristic anime is the vastness of the lore that keeps getting referenced but there's no time to show. I seriously doubt they'll ever animate Chronicles of the End, which would give a lot of much needed information.
it would take more balloons to snap it off its foundation as we see in the movie. also buying that much fishing line, balloons, and helium. would cause a deficit raising the price further.
When I was little I never watched Up and I thought it was just a short that ended after the wife died and it was just a sad short not a movie.
Stand up in front of the class Matpat: That's how you make a universe Me: Umm I made a belt any questions? Good
I live in a place where this person recreated the house up.
I watched up and I didn't cry at all
Insted of millions of party balloons insted he can use 1 giant balloon
me in the minecraft episode loses my marbles
Do not take me for this experiment.
Lol
just saying this right now is going to take alot of strong balloons to left that house up okay
The stale appliance unexplainably expand because eyelash eventually push pace a perfect tadpole. fortunate, protective great-grandmother
Hey my dad went up up and away hope he comes back one day😋
How many angels can you fit upon a match head?
Ive never seen this disney movie (up) but I think its personally impossible to use balloons...but apparently not xD
Mr Beast made Up confirmed?
Guys and girls  KEEP SUBSCRIBING  GET MATPAT THE DIAMOND PLAYBUTTON HE DESERVES IT OH SO BADLY
Oh dear god... In class today I learned that releasing helium balloons into the air and not retrieving them is extremely harmful for the environment... just, yuck. Those people who released 1.3 million balloons, assuming they didn't retrieve them all, are gross. Just, no. Nope nope nopety nope not in a million years, nope.
Who thinks the last quarter of the Theory logo should be anime therory?  All the weebs Like this so MatPat might see it.
good theory
The movie says that he uses 200 balloons.
Hey matpat I'm so cold blooded I don't even cry after the first ten minutes I don't even get sad and I say that it's my favorite part because if the old man never met her he would have never lived at that house.
5.1 million dollars: Mr beast: I can do that
Question did you include the 2 people inside and the furniture?
Ruin a Batman movie 4th
Another thing though.... If the balloons were able to lift Carl's house, then why did they only lift it when they were released through his chimney? Would they not have already lifted the house, or at least started to break away from the foundation?
I have no feelings for that sen
It didn't even include how balloons loose the ability to fly so fast, Karl will have to refill half the balloons each day.
I did calculations and i found out since you cant jam pack 31 million balloons in one place you need more string the farther you go. And after 30,000 balloons they cant make up for there strings weight.and adding more balloons is pointless.0/10 shaking my head.
😀 Up
Good to know that I can no longer enjoy a Disney movie.  🐭
Couldn't Carl have gotten a $5 million mortgage? The corporation wanting his property would make it super-valuable, and it's not like the bank would really want the house so he wouldn't feel bad about taking it.
#Soldier6 / let’s get started one balloon to balloon 3 . 4 . 5 zzzzzz
A food theory reference in a film theory  NO BALTIC
11:23 that was unsatisfying
i <3 sinz
Bigger question is could it make it to another continent with an elderly man a Boy Scout and a dog with the tons of furniture in it
ah yes "Carried away" 😂😂
ME: THIS CALLS FOR A TRIP TO PARTY CITY!!! my mother: oh no my brother: is someones birthday coming? ME: I WANT TO MAKE THE HOUSE FLOAT!!! WITH BALLOONS!!!!!!!!!!!
Dug is my favourite character form up, he is soo cute. :)
THE REAL QUESTION I HOW IS HE GOING TO BE ABLE TO PAY 31 million BALLOONS????
We are wasting a rare element by making balloons
I cried watching THE WHOLE movie and when it finished i was still crying for a FULL HOUR
1:23 shreksophone intensifies
Carly just stole the balloons
Long story short you wouldn't be able to do this or you would cause the whole world to be policed
I never cry at the first 10 mins of up cuz i have problems
CAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRLLLLLLL  Edit: what about the oxygen and heating food water
Mahahahah u can’t ruin mah childhood if it not done
The disalikes are the ppl who got there child hood rouind theres not many of them
2.5 billion
Red, Green, and yellow. The f i n a l e is soon. Be ready soon it's coming the blue or pink or I don't know what color or maybe Red, Green, and yellow is all? No way there must be and end. We have the top and the bottom left corner. So food isn't the end we can possibly see tech theory or others. WE ARE ĎŒŒMƏĎ. #÷!/& IS I,EV>/ABLE.
Green, red, yellow what channel next or red, green, and yellow all we know is that yellow is last...
Wait, if Matt was born in 1986, Mats in his 40s 😱😱😱  Edit: wait I can't do maths hes in his 30s
I’ve seen that replica house in Utah. It’s in a neighborhood called daybreak.
I’m from the Land as well
When calculating the mass of the house you did not calculate the scout and Carl's mass and the furniture
I think he got the ballons over the years for free.
I didn’t know there was an up house in salt lake. I oughta go visit that sometime soon.
Mat pat viewers think they're Smart             Because they are
Hey look at it this way atleast we'd slow down climate change a little
“A little carried away” hahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
5 years ago me would of went “ HIS WIFE IS DEAD” cuz I had no idea what happened to her
It's ridiculous how long this took. This is like the first thing you do for fun theories.
11:15 😂😂😂
Here’s another answer https://youtu.be/LjoVsB2VrLg
Bit late to this one
who will tell mrbeast?
He could have afforded it if he allowed the house to be sold to BnL in the movie, then as he was about to leave that’s when he released the balloons as we see, so cost isn’t completely illogical.
1:23 lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Another good theory video of this movie could be HOW LONG WAS HE KNOCKED OUT AFTER THE STORM... I guess with math how long would it take the balloons to travel to Paradise Falls ???? Aye ?
Dude imagine having emotions and crying.  I want emotions
The song for Film theory is too good. Never change the opening song
He could reveal he had a boy scout by revealing a hat behind his back that a boy scout jat
Film Theory: Pixar's Up, How Many Balloons Does It Take To Lift A House?   Me: Is the kid asian?
Matpat carl says the balloons have 3 days or less most balloons last 12hrs only balloons 28cm can last for 3 days unless he used high float in the others balloons but I doubt it. #HELPMATPATSEE
Awesome person and theorist mat pat recently said, (In this video in fact) if you haven't gotten past the first 10 minutes EITHER, let me SPOIL it for you. This doesn't make a whole lot of sense, because how would he know what the rest of this movie? You may be thinking, oh that's just a throwaway line and your overanalysing things, and to that I see... you'd be right. But theories are fun. And this line, leads me to believe that Matpat, can SEE THE FUTURE. I have absolutely no evidence, but its head canon. But thats just a theory. A MATPAT THEORY. And, cut.
¿Can you do a film theory about russell's  parents? Because i get kind a sad about russell because his parents are divorced :(
The double baltic of cities...I found that Way too funny LMAO
You forgot one thing. A couple of balloons alone were able to lift a cart in the movies world.
MatPat just a quick question what calculation did you use to find out the length of the fishing wire needed to attach the balloons to the house?
Like for the 216 :)
All of you need to watch treasure planet
I got a helium toy add watching this
wait this was made 4 months ago
Can you just hire more people so it take a lot less time to inflate all those balloons
Not gonna lie I somehow grew up not watching the disney movies but watching matpat ruin them so that means disney is that needle of sadness now {that didnt make sense}
Yeah but they are rich so they could just hire a bunch of people to do it
The scared action gratifyingly cry because fisherman neatly slap throughout a ruthless bonsai. lowly, marvelous mini-skirt
No one else is saying it, so why not? R.I.P. Christopher Plummer (1929 - 2021) Voice of Charles Muntz
5,108,302 million dollors hmm probably elon musk can buy that much
0:22  "...and then revealed that he had a boy Scout with him the entire time, now that is a trick!"  No MatPat, that's called an Amber Alert!
Who else wonders what the blue in the logo will be
Wait, how did Karl hide those balloons in his house, and they weren’t on the bottom floor and we didn’t see them through his windows in the scene before the house lifted off...
Don’t forget kevin
Ha the people who created the movie were more correct after all
Who came here from Corridor Crew's video?
Corridor Crew
I always love Austin and MatPat collaborations. Austin X Matt forever!
Is it just me, or does young Carl look like Leonardo DiCaprio?
sub to film theory
The aquatic dredger philosophically store because spruce acromegaly meddle within a scandalous custard. truculent, perpetual country
Don’t know if this affects the theory but just because the balloons were stored inside the house doesn’t mean they don’t work. Doesn’t make sense that his house only started to lift when the balloons were let out
1:22 les glaneurs et la glaneuse and 10 hours of shreksophone
Sad cause im a emotional wreck remembering the "up" movie*
Me: B-but Cleveland is in ... Teeside ... North Yorkshire?
Matpat pat is so underrated
But you forget, this is pixar universe where the earths atmosphere is 10 million times more dense. Those balloons aren't made of latex, they're made of carbon nanofiber.
Thanks for representing Cleveland, wonder why I liked your show lol been watching mostly film theories then I started with the food theories I haven't seen your original stuff I just started watching maybe a year or two ago, I'm not too big on video games, but I do enjoy watching your channel and your other stuff, glad that you're doing good outside of Cleveland lol
The house is based out in Seattle, WA the homeowner didn’t want to sell the home to the construction company and that’s why they built around it. You can see it in person but it’s fenced off.
“World record for most balloons released at one time”  The environment: please please no
I have watched up like 10000000000000000000000000 time :/
He forgot quantity discount. smh
I want to know how many balloons it would take to uproot the house from pipeworks and Foundation
The warm earthquake understandably enter because apparel interstingly hop regarding a dirty fox. known, inquisitive swamp
Not to burst you balloon but that is a hypothesis not a theory
This is going to be a late comment but hey.  Welcome to Ohio where we do crazy things all the time.
MatPat: "He would have landed from that skydive, and revealed he had a boy scout with him the whole time. Now THATS a trick."  Me: No, MatPat. That's 10 to 15 in a federal prison.
Imagine working in a store and a old man asks for 31.150.319 party balloons...
Mrbeast get on this
The Gametheorist may have mentioned the houses slate plating for roofing, but he did not mention the brick chimney. I hope he added that to his calculation of how much the house weighs.
Its cool he's from Cleveland im from akron ohio which is so close to it
But Matpat (you heard me say), according to the news coverage the 1.5 million balloons in Cleveland only took 4 hours to inflate with everyone teaming up and inflating 700 each. So surely it wouldn't take an entire decade to inflate 31 million balloons with help? You could theoretically get it done in 140 hours with teamwork.
I foresee 2 tgings not explored. 1 the weight of the objects in the house aka furniture and people and 2 even with all the balloons... could u still lift the house from 1 point where the balloons are anchored?
S
We need RicK and MOrty Videos..!!
I got the reference It was from food Theory
Hey matpat I'm the kid from up  I mean I look like him
So your saying there’s a chance
So basically: Carl could’ve done it, but he was too broke. ( and it would take too long but no one cares)
Up is not the kind of film that is meant to take any steps towards realism. Stylistically, that wouldn't make any sense. It's an escapist movie that manages to connect with people in the real world by showing universal emotions and struggles in a creative way. Imagine if Speed Racer attempted to show realistic car races, or Star Wars made light speed realistic. It wouldn't work. What matters is if the rules of the universe being portrayed are consistent, not if they are identical to our own. Talking dogs aren't realistic either, or using a handful of balloons and a leafblower to fly into a blimp. But the weirdness of this Pixar world helps to tell a powerful story.
I just watched up today pretty cool
But would the balloons stay inflated in the cold 🥶 of the storm or the higher altitude?
Well,some decades ago a priest died while being lifted in a balloon chair in brazil (no joke this is real)
1:23 nice           **shreksophone starts playing**
Plus, you didn't even factor in how many balloons it would take to separate the house from the foundation. To pull the two apart would take almost double the amount. Kind of like launching and then jettisoning a space rocket engine.
What if Carl used a Hot Air ballon instead of Helium Balloons, I reckon you could pull the stunt of then. But hey that's just a Theory a Sub Theory.
MatPat I think you’re forgetting something, the billionaires could still do the up house, I feel like they could definitely make something that blows up many balloons at once.
Horizon in the middle of nowhere is hella underrated anime
Matpat Cleveland is the double Baltic of city’s  Me have you ever heard of a city called Detroit
3:23 how big are the balloons tho?
But what matpat doesn't realize if there billionaires they can hire someone to waste 10 years of their life blowing up balloons constantly
Woooooooo2021
ngl, i think i watched this episode before
No
Hi
Do a theory on anime again soon I need more anime
Serious question, how are his videos so entertaining? Easily best youtuber.
You could hire a lot of people to make those balloons
Do how many bees it would take to carry a plane like the bee movie!!
hey matpat can you make a theory about toy story and doc mcstuffins?
So ur like 30 someting
He never said Cut so to this day this video is still going
You the best
The string of the balloon:👁️👄👁️
Why does noone who talks about UP talk about the house's plumbing? Imagine the sewage dripping from the sky
Matt Pat please tell us your theory on the times children for Doctor Who because on the fandom is in pieces about it (season 12 episode 10)
Anotherrr CONTINENTT is the SAME CONTINENT AMERICA MATT PATT
If you like French documentary-ish tear jerking movies, you should watch La Rafle or The Roundup, which is about the Holocaust during the Roundup of Jews in Paris. We watched it in my French 2 class and everyone cried, still a pretty good movie though.
1:56 what?i havent watched the movie but ive seen UP's final battle form looking UP the UP movie..so where did the old person come from?that has half a dozen dogs?
It’s not even sad...
its not worth putting balloons on the house its cheaper to get a jet xD
Ellie just had a really good life insurance policy
He 35 years old
Hey how about Bill Gates does this
Do I not have a heart  if I never cry to the opening scene of Up because everyone makes it out to be sad but I never really cry  I just think Oh well a character is dead
Here is my question.. How did the place where all the balloons were attached not just break and separate out of the house?
Double baltic move
After watching the Monopoly theory on Food Theory, I heard “double Baltic” and that joke now makes sense
All you really need to do is invent a ballon that comes already filled with helium. :)
I have quistion lets say somone is crazy enough to spend the money and time to make this can the string hold the house? I mean sure the ballons would lift it but couls the fishing lines keep it afloat or the soild just snap
THIS VIDEO IS SO STUPID
I'm from Ohio can I make joke about Cleveland? (Yes I do it )
A couple of things not discussed. The balloons would just rip the roof off of the house before it came close to breaking free of it’s foundation, if you even get that to work. Carl would’ve had to lift the entire house off the foundation to disconnect it. Then he’d have to have metal supports and attaching points for the balloons installed all over the house to support the weight of the house, at the same time adding tons upon tons of extra weight. Ultimately anyway you want to do it the house would crumble under its own weight. In addition to that problem I’m assuming you’d have issues with fishing line being the only thing connecting all of this force together. You’d probably have to have clusters of balloons separated and connected to the house via steel cable; also adding tons of weight. The only option would be to completely gut the house, down to studs. Take out ceilings and flooring. Put in a steel frame. What you’re left with is essentially a steel frame with a house siding and a roof, plus a bare bones plywood floor. Take out windows as the flex upon lift with twist the frames and shatter the glass. Use steel cable to connect to clusters of hydrogen filled weather balloons. Hydrogen is cheaper and provides more lift than helium but is extremely flammable so Carl might blow himself and his entire city block up so...Even then I don’t think it’d work and at that point you’ve basically made yourself a blimp that somewhat resembles a house and is really sketch.
My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone. but hey that's just a theory. A FILM THEORY!! AND CUT!!!!
You have no clue how long I needed to know this fact. I am not talking a decade here but all the way since that kid's books with the two creepy girls slurping worms and playing Icarus
So matpat is around 34 years old. Beacuse he’s born in 1986. But hey that’s just a theory
Skip the balloons can someone tell me why Carl looks older then Charles Munzt
Its not like it is impossible
I had to answer this problem for an engineering final recently. I got 6 balloons and I was like “this is wrong.”
These are mrbeast prices
But what if he just bought the balloons throughout his life? I mean he is on the ol- wiser side
Now do a calculation with falling objects and tell me if the gravity is the same ;)
But what about life insurance from his wife ellie
Oh yeah not to mention the balloons would probably stay inflated for around 20 hours (that’s just an estimate) so Carl would need to spend a LOT more money just to keep it afloat.
5.1m yeah not like i can't afford but i don't have a house that size
I rather buy a plane ticket
The house wasn’t just lifted. It was ripped out of its foundation.
MatPat: "BUT HEY, THAT"S JUST A THEORY, A FILM THEORY!!" Me: But you actually proved it with real science, so it's not just a theory anymore...
Free sword art
Carl could have studied to be a meteorologist to predict the weather and learned how he would steer his house and studied geography and he could use his retirement money or when he was able to afford some of the stuff he would be able to get enough supplies over time to go and he could  make a machine or something to blow all the balloons up plus you need to compare the prices of the time
Carl could have studied to be a meteorologist to predict the weather and learned how he would steer his house and studied geography
Matt please investigate the insest in the  incredibles
Matt patt please investigate the incredibles which is filled with insest
Matt patt please can U investigate the incredibles because I have feeling they are too close
I know what I'm doing if I win the lottery
How do you control the house going up and down? If the house goes too high the balloons will pop due to the pressure difference and less oxygen to breathe.
"Here's our river that catches on fire"
Soooooo- don't mean to be offensive or anything but its actually not "Boy Scouts" since I'm a female, and identify as one and I'm also in scouts. Its  now been changed to "Scouts BSA" (Boy Scouts of America) so the people who run it can still keep the originality while letting all genders join. I knew that MatPat didnt know before I just wanted to say it since its been changed now. It's recently new, a little over a year so most don't know about it. :D
7:15 I’m from Gahanna (if you know where that is, you’re probably Ohioan) and guess what? Cleveland is the worst. Go to Columbus ya dummy
Ay the OLD intro came back!
I know who that student was
Cleveland the Bermuda Triangle of the USA
I’ve watched the movie and never have cried not once
The real question is, would the house stay together when being lifted.
Nice reference to something you explain in a food theory episode without actively promoting the channel ('double Baltic'). Makes the people that already support that channel get an inside-joke-style snicker while also leaving those on the outside curious and wanting to know where that comes from, which will lead to looking it up, which will lead to the video. Clever girl, MatPat. Clever girl.
I love how mat answered both of my questions before I could ask (money cost and time)
what about the structural integrity of the house itself ?
*Mr Beast has entered the chat*
Carl has been robbing some banks
but i have one last question how strong is the rope or whatever its called that makes it able to lift a house without the rope breaking??? ???????
You see, every one in the comments is asking how strong the balloons are, when really that’s beside the point. The question is HOW DO YOU LAND A HOUSE
Matpat: double Balt  Me: hey I know that one...
He's a grandpa, and he's flying a house with no oxygen supply, isn't he supposed to be dead
Yesssss Cleveland i didn't know he from here too
NASA uses 100 million cubic feet of helium every year. I wonder why????😂
I actually just thought about this. What about the inflation thing? Cause this was happening in the thirties, so wouldn’t it cost less? And if so, what would it be? I need answers! 🤨
Anyone else get the ‘double baltic of cites’ reference from the McDonald’s monopoly video?
A question I expected to come up that didn't: Would the foundation-less house suspended from all those balloons stay in one piece for such a long journey, through turbulent weather?  After all, the house was designed as a stationary home, not an airship.
11:06 space x team come here and help a man out
So we're going to just populate the place with balloon yea thanks
“How many balloons does it take to lift a house?”     Eh at least 3
He prob got a good deal since he sells balloons
And how R u supposed to LAND the house? On the right spot? And also said that 1 ballon made it to Australia. So how many balloons are gonna pop?
Fan theory: he is really a god. Reasons: 1. He can make 21 million balloons appear out of nowhere  2. He can damage construction workers only using a mail box in his base form 3. He can steer the entire house only using a shower curtain 4. He can drag his entire house only use a rope when he’s in South America
Would've been amazing if after the house took off, the foundation erupted with empty helium canisters and empty fishing line spools
All you needed to do was 1. Find how many balloons you need to make a pound actually float 2. Than multiple the amount of pounds the house weighs to the amount of balloons needed for one pound 3. You got your floating house 4. Your Broke
I didn't cry during up. Am I the only one?
did the toilet empty out when the plumbing systems went broken ;-;
With that type of money, why doesn't he just travel to Paradise Falls and just buy some property there to build another house (if you can buy property in Paradise Falls)
Idea:does the chance of a cloud of meatballs the movie are cannabalism
Idea:who is finding dory’s family?
Idea:why is lighting McQueen called that when he’s a male why not king?
A house weigh 500,000 pounds isn’t enough for hulk to hold but enough for hulk to destroy
1:16 what is that anime?
...yay .........
7:32 what's the music at this time stamp called?
Up!
Who remembers when film theory was new ✨😌✨
hey, you watch 10 hours of shreksophone? +respect
Make a Steven Universe theory
This is so nerdy, I love it
You are the best YouTuber and that is not an opinion.it’s a fact. You teach me so much and you are so entertaining. Don’t ever stop.
So  Carl should have bought plane tickets to go Venezuela.
I live in Cleveland!!!
It'll take you ten years to blow up all of those balloons unless you hire   7 300 people to work twelve ours in which case you can have it done in a single day. Edit: even if you payed reach of them $15.00 an our you're only paying about  1 400k dollars which is not that much compared to the rest of the money you will be paying.
ive never cried to any movie :/ only when leia dad i shed 1 tear
Alright guys, listen up. I propose a theory that Matpat does a video on how strong Carl is. I mean, he pulled a house, kept a kid, dog, and GIGANTIC BIRD FROM FALLING OFF AN AIR SHIP!!! Please spread the word so matpat can seee this. Post this on his videos, post it on Reddit, I don’t care.
How fast does the pencil travel in kienjo when the teacher launches it at her student? Please I need to know this information papa MattPatt.
Lawnchair larry, he is risen.
What's the anime at 1:16?
You should have calculation how much more balloons  you would need to inflate after the 10  years of helium leaking out of the balloons.... I like to you see suffer
Thank you I’ve been asking since 2014  In the film used 10 286 balloons animated   By the way the replica added a few extra rooms so it doesn’t count  Also he used a coffee grinder to steer the house which controlled the curtains  And the weather gains also controlled the curtains and Carl read a lot of airships book as you see in the beginning of the film when he broke his arm he was reading one and it was next to his arm chair later in the film  Also Carl saved a lot of balloons from his days in the zoo as you see when he takes his luggage out of the closet And all the other might of been in storage and the Helium too  Also the Balloons were a bit bigger than you said, one balloon is the size of Russell head and Russell is giant so I mean he balloons are a bit bigger  If wanted to make a house fly maybe. Tie them in columns one long string with balloons on columns
A billionaire would pay people to inflate the balloons FOR them.
Well yeah, that's what we expected
amazon warehouses could have this done in a day lol
What do you mean Guinness refused? Not according to this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balloonfest_%2786
What if he used Hydrogen? It has a stronger lift and is much cheaper
You’ll need 🎶99 red balloons🎶
From Cleveland too and another thing is sticking with the browns year after year after year
Another problem is floating balloons wouldn’t travel very fast.   It would take weeks likely to travel that far.   During this time you’d have leaks and the balloons would lose lift.   Sure a balloon only carrying its own weight might make it, but you’d have to account for 50-60% lift loss over the course of that trip and that means the house falls.
Do one on if Negan's philosophy was right.
I think my brain grew 20x larger.
how many people do u need to make it a fast cheap project. lol
Hey the baloons cant fly a house but the old man whatever his name belived it can and the old man died before he was gonna get by 2 men and he refuses and the kid is an angel...that helped him to spread carols wings and the problem that the baloon cant fly a house it is because theres way to much furnitures and Carol belived it can because hes a dead old man
I want to see how MatPat’s brain works when doing the calculations for each type of these episodes. Also, as someone who is from Cleveland as well, over in Canton, Ohio we have the Football Hall of Fame. Mainly because we “created”/hosted the very first football game. Though it wasn’t televised, it’s still the first time a regulation game of football happened.
11:00 he forgot where the guy worked. He worked at a zoo selling balloons. He didn't buy them. He stolen them from work. All those balloon and helium are from his work. He took the last of his money for the fishing line.
Where's Mr Beast when we need him?
I was wtching and then the intro song and I was like fgueing thumbs up boi :D
3:27 They... they did it.... I can't believe it... They... They spelled "doctor" wrong... How could they..
wouldn't the fishing line just... dunno break?
What’s the theory of film theory
The question we all wanna know  How many IQ does MatPat have?
Ohio gang
Why don’t you just make Mr beast do this in irl
I actually used to wonder about this, I thought you already made a video about it
Hey Ik that coco came out a while back but can u pls do a film theory about coco cause that would be awesome
BEN10
But what about the furniture. Did you account for that? Or the two people on board?
Maybe Carl was saving ellie's picture for the land of the living from Disney Pixar Coco or Even Disney Pixar Soul
did carl just have to cut all of the plumbing and water lines from the house or were there just none?
So basicly you are saying use planes if you wanna fly
How about studying 2001 a Space Odyssey good luck
Ah ah ah.. 5.1 million plus tax
I only get partial credit if I don’t show my work... lemme go back to the 4th grade
More Wall-E... pls
Give 1 balloon each to 31 million people. Make Mr. Beast handle all the funds. Get out the cameras, and  now we have a live-action Up film
wait mat has millionaire and billionaire friends why are there not more real life experiments
As someone who speaks fluent french 1:16 made me laugh so hard
A adult taking a boy scout 5 miles in the air where know one can find them
how about the environmental impacts of releasing  31 million balloons in the world if you ignore the second half of the video
7:13 he said double baltic
I may it past that part and it sad
Can you bo a theory about  futura 🤖
The biggest problem in up is (spoilers) he still lost the lawsuit and still is forced into a retirement home where he's not allowed to leave.  Add child abduction, public endangerment and illegally violating several airspaces to that mix, poor Carl will probably be in jail for the rest of his life
Here is another question what did Carl plan to do at paradise falls just live there? Did he just plan to starve to death? And then when he had Russell what was his plan then?
I watched the WHOLE 10 HOURS OF SHREK
me: click on video hopping matpat actually creates the up house and seats it up and sends said house with matpat in it to South America
It would actually be impossible to float a house that weight with balloons, because as you get more balloons you begin to need more fishing line to connect them to the house, and the length of line would end up weighing more than 9 grams (the calculated lifting force of a helium balloon) well before you actually had enough balloons, from there, adding more balloons would have a negative effect, and so the house could never fly.
Man even this youtuber tells me to show my work
house shaped box... isn't that a Nirvana song?
Keep up what ur doing bro good content I’ve been watching for years still got amazing ideas
thats incorrect, he probably got a couple dollars senior discount plus a discount from working with balloons all the time
Won’t you need to break the plumbing and heating pipes
Aye don't forget about the furniture in there! You also have to account for that.
Not to mention that balloons only hold helium for a maximum of 3 days, and would loose helium as you blow up balloons for 10 years.
I have a idea what is Ferb for Phineas and Ferb short for
Me to my crush: Hey I’ve liked you for a while and I wondered if you want to go out with me. My crush: Really?! I like you too! My alarm clock: 11:18
okay but am I the only person very concerned that people thought it would be okay to release millions of baloons into the atmosphere where they'd just pop and become scattered across the state or even the country, maybe even the ocean?
6:15 Cool, but the movies CREATORS  said that the house 1800 square feet, so you fucked up bad.
Dude, I don't usually comment, but let's just say I had to like and comment this video!
they were above the clouds so many times, wouldnt they suffocate?
ur not a needle of sadness ur a.... a...... a smak of truth. UwU it might sting a lil but it gets people awake and their eyes open
Bruh I play the DS game
What if 31 million people blew up a single balloon each and each person donated a few cents to the project that could be possible
It takes at least 3 balloons
The intro never gets old
Hey Matpat, you should do a theory on James and the Giant Peach! Would it be possible to fly a giant peach with all those seagulls, or there even being a giant fruit for them to carry!? 😧
Can I just mention that the house from Up looks kinda like the house from Hello Neighbor?
I swear I learn more here than at school
Can we talk about the possibility of him blowing up that many balloons in one night? Like even if we’re basing the amount of balloons off the amount shown in the movie is it possible? I don’t really think so.
do a theory on blade runner
The up house looks very similar to the hello neighbor house just smaller
He was a ballon salesman so it’s possible that he got them for free
Plot Twist: Mr.Beast Got the money for him
Carl worked with balloons he didn’t need to buy them.
I really really, want a film theory of BTS. the fact that all their MV tye together is amazing. Like the Universe theory, where jin, has to go back in time to save his friends, is awesome, and there is still so much that needs to be explained. Like how fake love has something to do with this story. I am always confused about everything and how it connects. honestly, it could be a movie at how detailed it is. I think matt would really enjoy coming up with his own opinion about this, and it's right up his alley. if he watches all the mv there he going to unpack alot, no doubt he will start out with a theory, and that later be proved wrong. not to mention the webtoon Save ME will help him out and make it more confusing. I really want him to touch on this before the band ends because ones  they do,Im sure they will come out with a movie or comic about it. so matt if your seeing this, just look it up or even think about it. thank you for your time, and BTS ARMY like if you agree, because I know I'm not the only one who thinks this!!!.😅😊
He has a game theory, film theory, and food theory, wouldn't it be funny if he made a music theory?
Who said he had to buy the balloons? Who said he had to buy the hellium? Who said he had to buy the fishing line?
How long would it take
I love your french accent.
MatPat is actually satisfied by the answers, he just ran out of ideas
Perhaps he just slowly brought a ballon or 5 home for work each day for 15 years?
HE SAID IT I HEARD IT *double Baltic*
Matpat: When you want something done right, you have to do it yourself Me: you gonna diy it
Just make the house on paradise falls than spend 5 million dollars
It’s actually incredible how he managed to fill up all those balloons overnight and then where does he hide them they would like a tarp back there I don’t think he has that big of a backyard plus the Grass would’ve popped a lot of balloons     My original theory  I just realize something for an old man he knows I get the job done really fast like he feels balloons overnight to fill up his entire house and he still has enough energy to get to the falls
Please do an episode on how many seagulls it would take to lift a giant peach on food theory
Can you make a theory about ultraman  Since you make other tokusatsu theories Any theme  A. Ultraman vs power rangers megazords who would win? B. does Ultraman or the defense force pay the destruction of the fights C. Ultraman vs neflix voltron who would win!? I insist?!
Loved the work put into this but I have to ask, why didn't you adjust for    the time value of money when deciding if he could afford the balloons/materials. He didn't buy them until his golden years and could have invested really well 🙂
HOW DID HE LOSE THE MR BEAST 300K WHEN YOUR THIS SMART?!?!
Why do you sound like the odd1sout
Ugh ur to smart for me that me learn from u waitttttttt am I smart bc I think 3000000009 +9 = 18 ?  Bc 9+9=18 and 8+9=17  I feel like ima smart -3-
But wouldn’t the floor fall or break or something?
What if someone torched a vew balloons while that event in 1986?...
Awesome job
What's the anime at 1:15
My theory for Up isn’t about the balloons from the house, my theory is that Carl is actually dying and the Boy Scout (who says he needs to help Carl cross something like a road or something like that) is actually an “Angel” that is there to help him cross to the other side. And his final destination is called Paradise falls...
I don’t need sleep I need answers.
0:11 my god that had to be the coolest thing ever
What about the fact that all the balloons are just tied to his chimney? Even if the chimney itself wasn't torn apart, wouldn't the force of the balloons just rip that thing out of the house?
8:16 wait what? The earth rotates from..
MR STREET MAGIC 😂😂😂😂😂
MatPat: *uses double Baltic in a sentence* Me: I know what that means 😎
I remember seeing the balloon when they unveiled the house in Utah
Carl didn’t BUYYYY the balloons, helium, and fishing wire... he BORROWED it haha
Mr beast be like ok
+The Film Theorists  Actually if you really want to think about it there is 1 more question that needs to be answered: especially considering that the especially U.S. dollar would most probably be worth far more wherever it is that he is going; why wouldn’t he just sell the house, fly there, and just buy another maybe even bigger house there (wherever there may be) and be done with it!?.;)
what if they got  31150319 friends to each fill a couple balloons
I just realised.... where are the kids parents?
So I live in Utah and I’m thinking if we go to all of the party city’s and other party places we can get all the balloons and people from other places can get balloons on the way there. Then we can all gather at the up house we can lift it up. 𝓢𝓪𝓻𝓬𝓪𝓼𝓶
i hope the editor is getting paid enough
Sup
Hes a ohio guy well now I can't trust his math
It's because Carl has actually been committed to a mental hospital and this all just happening in his head.
me: I hate science   all of mat pats videos in my watch history:
*me watch’s up* Me - revisiting my childhood was fun *Matpat creates a up theory the next day*
imagine not mentioning KEVIN in the summary
MatPat here doing math like this, while I'm over here struggling to do my math homework-
This just add more evidence to the theory that Carl had actually died shortly before the part where he sets off the balloons and he was experiencing a sort of near-death experience style fantasy the entire time, with the Boyscout actually being an angel tasked to take him to heaven, but before Carl could move on he needed to see the fantasy through to the end just so he could have some kind of closure
lets just hope that he and dream arent asked about how many balloons it takes to lift a house in this mr beast trivia challenge or else its over for dream
matt if you like sports your gonna hate this but HOO DAY HOO DAY
HE HAD SHREKSOPHONE!!! I HAVE WATCHED THAT 10HR LOOP 6 TIMES
you would need almost ten years? hmmmm, seems about up.
Anybody gonna mention matpats lisp?  No?  Just me?
But wait, what if you used hydrogen, it is even lighter then helium, how could that fare?
Have you heard of Larry Walters if not he did it better then david he went 16,000 ft in the air on a lawn chair
How dare you reference the miller era
Mr.beast could do tihs in days lol
If you look at the scenes, the house doesnt have a clear connection to a foundation  More of a base on sides then a floor, so yeah, he didnt need to calculate that  Sorry not sorry, i wont delete this, but i will confess i am wrong
The house couldn't have been remodeled in the early 2000s. Within the Credits of the movie there's a picture of Carl and Russell Going to See StarWars.
ELON
I searched for this exact video and realised I had came in clutch. If I searched for "film theory up" 2 weeks ago I wouldn't have known that this video existed
At the end when Mat said it would take 10 years to fill and attache those balloons I think he forgot to add that the previous balloons would be deflated untill a week at least since it was filled up with helium
Can matpat cover the bungou stray dogs anime series?
Bruh
Kyoukai Senjou no Horizon!  I really enjoyed that anime!
But Carl gets the baloons for free bc hes a balloon salesman remember
He got some help from his buddy scrooge
I thought i was subed this channel for months but I was only subed to the game theorist.
Is it just me or is something.. wrong with his intro music now?
“Cleveland pulling a Cleveland.” As a Browns fan, that’s too true.
People with loads of balloon/extreamly rich kids:sound fun, let's do it guys.  Me:tells them how to. Then tries to help.  Them: screw science just tie loads of balloons to me and watch me fly.  Me: eating popcorn watching them slowly float away, while smieling smugly.
People say that this whole movie, was Carl dreaming that he brought the house to paradise, supposedly Carl died of depression from the death of his wife and the Boy Scout was a guide to paradise
MatPat: We in Cleveland love setting rivers on fire!  People from Windsor, ON/Detroit, people who live on Lake Erie: buddy, you ain't special
Another question: How long will the balloons last? In the storm some of them are probably gonna pop or fall off because of the strings
Ohio pride lol
Film Theory: The 100, great show and there are so many options! From a new language to time dilation to memory cards to space portals to survival on a nuclear earth and way more! Please check it out!
Not asking for subs just for you to check out my theory video on gravity falls you might like it
Thr real question is....  How did carl blow and tie all those balloons and attach it to his house... IN 1 NIGHT
5 million dollar life insurance?
What if they used an air lighter than helium? Don't know if there's something like that, but it would dramatically reduce the cost
I bet you mr beast can do this
What about the force it would take to break the house from its foundation
In other words, a BUNCH of the LARGEST Thanksgiving Day Parade balloons.
Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere is weird but I like it
You forgot to add the weight of a dog , a boy scout, an old man and a giant bird
Do a video on beyblade burst
What if the gravity works different in the up world? Like it's not as strong? It could work righ?
maybe rich people can do this with a machine so it doesnt take years a machine maybe can do it faster but i aint sure
the time that you said it would take is mute cus a millionaire could probably do something to fill and tie the balloons at the same time
Mat pat is a human calculator!!! I am too lazy to solve 1-1
ah yes, double baltic, from the mcdonalds video in food theory, yes, double baltic.
The real question is will those balloons pop
As a child the only thing I remember about up was that the main character committed assault on another man
I bet this movie was inspired by Lawnchair Larry.
Would the friction and heat from the balloons cause most of them to pop? Or would the altitude be high enough so that it cools the balloons?
Wait.....didn’t he have two tickets to the falls?
You should do a film theory on how the super Saiyan transformations work
Mat didn’t calculate that he was a ballon salesperson meaning that he would get a huge discount on supplies
so when are we getting Mr. Beast to do this?
Someone died...cool
Mr beast will do this
Carl could have used hydrogen instead of helium making the number of balloons required much less
Hey, i live in orem utah! (about 50min-1hour away)
I unsubscribed because I actually loved 2020.
My school built the house made of cardboard and other light materials, attached balloons to it, and it floated away on accident
One thing that still sticks to me about Up is that Carl basically fill the balloons and sets up the house for flight overnight, while also being able to store the entire balloon stash without lifting the house until it was time...
Going to go on a limb and say he did the job over years. Saving the money when his wife died. Filling the balloons everyday out of grief giving him the mental fortitude to do it. So i would think yes he was able to pull it off in the ten years or so after his wife's death  using the money from the secret account that he had to open up because they always blew the savings. It was going to be a surprise but she died before so.
Please do a video on shutter island
Won't the balloons just rip off the roof of the house
Thinking about the money aspect. They were going to pay him to move. All he has to do is accept it. And seeing how long construction projects can last for, it'd take them awhile to get to his house. Giving him plenty of time to work, and idk about which state he's in. But if he's in one with squatters rights. They can't physically remove him. He lives there now. Meaning they can't just knock the house down. So if maybe he got some help from some old customers of his, which might sound a little weird, but when you've worked for enough mom and pop and chains as I have, especially in service, you meet and make friends with a lot of people. I go for beers with one of my regulars often.  So with help, and the money, he could plausibly do it. He could just say, "hey. I'm getting old. I wanna do one last hurrah, and make everyone smile." And who's gonna question him. He made them smile as kids and he's probably made their kids smile as well. So when, your old friend, Mr balloon man, calls and asks for help, you answer. So technically speaking. It would be plausible for him to get this done. And even though he went to court, he could've delayed it, siting, "I have health issues." And the court would probably allow it, because up until that moment he wasn't dangerous. It was only when they started to destroy his mailbox, that he lashed out. So technically speaking, I think he could pull it off. It'd still take awhile to do. But many hands make light work. And if he paid them with the assumingly large sum of money the guy in the suit paid him, he could probably pull it off.
doomtheme
Did you also account for how long the balloons would hold up the house?
Hey you should do the T.O.T.S. show
3min before he actually starts. More like MattPad[ding]
if u use hot air ballons it would be more possible
Will you do a theory about cloudy with a chance of meatballs? Or does theory belong to food theory? Since it a film about food
What if he didn't get them legally, and instead stole the materials from his work selling balloons at the zoo
With that money you can just fly to paradise falls and build a house there with that money
finally
I miss oldschool game theory with all the math and stuff. And i usually hate math, but like MatPat said, half credit if you don't show your work. Jk btw, still love all the channels and their content, matpat and his team are brilliant and i love that they exist.
next video: *How Many Balloons Does It Take To Lift Earth*
another question is 'what is his job?' like if he works someone like a balloon factory for example. he could get some free balloons lowering the cost
This hasn’t been a video until recently?
Ohh man you're from Ohio!? OPE and Pop to you too my friend 😂😂
“Cleveland is like the Double Baltic or cities.” Cross-channel callback. Genius.
I live right next to the up house In Salt Lake, it was a ton of fun to see it built but people very quickly crowded the street to see it, that was not as fun. Also some family purchased it and added a garage to it, so it's not a perfect replica
Game theory I’m subbing now
Oddly this one lead me to a idea for another Disney idea, this one about Gargoyles. Would it be possible to put a castle on a skyscraper that's over the clouds and how much would that cost if it was possible.
1
Ok but how many seagulls would you need to fly a giant peach. Including 6 giant bugs and a boy named james
I've watched up like 10 ten times
Who else is a veteran and hums to the intro music?
Utahn here. The UP house is in Herriman, UT. Not salt lake city...   Just gotta throw that in.
Another part of the continent* North america and South America are in the same continent.   Roll drums.....  America
I was about to make the point on the time it would take to fill the balloons... I'll take it a step further and ask...how long do helium balloons continue to float? Would the original ones still be floating 10 years later
My question is would the fishing line be strong enough for this?
Matpat you didn’t include the furniture
You cheated. Austin did a lot of this math for his Animal Crossing episode. :)  Love this show.
any one wanna fund my flying house  ?
Ok but how are they getting down?
Balloon Fest, a gross contribution to plastic pollution.
idol sooooo clooossseee to 10 m subs!    👏
Based on Podel's Up2 video  I'm sure Carl's another danger is the USAF
9:06 its okay you did good we are proud of you
FUN TIMES IN CLEVELAND AGAIN
I want to know what anime Matpat is watching that I am not appreciating that happens to be from the future.
This sounds kinda weird but i just had the thought that Elsa from Frozen is evil here's why: In Let It Go she sings 'the fears that once controlled me' which might actually be 'filles' which is girls in French. So Elsa is saying that she's free of some girl who used to control her (her mother). So this could mean that Elsa is happy that the queen's dead, which is bad in itself, and maybe even that she oofed her when the ship sank (upset the waters by moving them with ice or something) For further evidence, in Into The Unknown she says 'everyone I've ever love is here within these walls' which means that she never loved her parents  (because they aren't at the castle)  Everyone will probably disagree and I don't mind i just thought I'd put it out there 😂
dang, dreams crushed by capitalism...
do one on The boys from amazon prime
Is it bad that I never felt anything other than "awe thats sad" in the first 10 min? No tears no nothing
short answer, a balloon cant lift a house and its fine that it doesn't make sense
why not use hydrogen(ignoring the safety aspect). more lifting power and lower costs
jeff bezos please do this   you obviously have enough money, so why not lol   also just let every single amazon worker blow balloons for a ridiculous payment and BAM there you have it
Releasing balloons kills wildlife, horses, cattle, etc, and you should just not
11:10 But what if we had 1,000 people helping 👀
https://youtu.be/L--dj7ysasE
Why did you take so long to do this?
Ve-ne-zu-e-la
you forgot one thing... planes
There are people who haven’t made it past 10 minutes in Up. Oh
2:20 Emm, I'm pretty sure south America and America are not different continents
To think.. if you got 1 million people to buy and and blow up 31 balloons each, this is totally possible  ;-; May be too big of a crowd though.  500,000 people blowing up 62 each? 🤔
The billionaires can just pay people to blow the balloons.
6:40 mass littering on a level not seen outside of environmental protests.
Mr Beast: 2,388,191$? Hah. *P a t h e t i c*
You can also use a hot air balloon so your house can fly i think you might need 5 hot air ballons to lift a whole house fill me in plz
Let's be honest this should've been a austin video it only it was a game ):
That ending sounded like a challenge... I could build a robot that fills balloons at a rate faster then..
Don't Forget all the ballons are attached to Carl's Fireplace and its too small enough to tie 31 mil balloons in there also if u tie it in the roof it will rip apart and leave the house behind
Wait, in one of the later scenes, it's shown that carl has a yarn-like material to hold the balloons. How much would that change this equation? I realize it would be heavier and probably more expensive?!
Can't forget balloons loose helium over a fewvdays.
"the show that love to ruin your child hood"  Nah man you're not ruining it, you're actually making it
So the Alzheimer’s theory is more plausible.
So obviously... it was a dream. Boom. Mind blown. The whole thing was a dream! thyeeeory!
No one is going to see this but, you got the rotation of the earth wrong Mat.
It's pretty gross how dirty Cleveland is, but ahhhhh, it's my home as well. 😅
Well the test of the fishing line goes into this as well. Seeing that their at cloud hight the test of the line would have broke and it would have broke as soon as the house got off the ground so he probably would’ve been on the streets at that point.
right at the begining of this i was wondering how much this would cost
Maybe it would have been good to see if he used weather balloons and calculate the feasibility of them
Still remmeber when this theory was done in game theory a long time ago.
New Among us  https://youtu.be/0SZxfxxVBeY
Wall-E is also a great lovestory
I always want to buy a nice wooden house a LOT of ballons and fly it over my home town of Olsztyn  (Poland) the child in me returned after rewatching up
I have one question: what about how much they fill up the balloons? What if the balloons were fully filled? What about if they were only filled enough to be balloon shaped?
Mr Beast be like:(눈‸눈)
How long would Stan from gravity falls be in prison?
Matpat:Cries his eyes out at Up A jojo fan:Cries my eyes out when ceaser gets squished
I have question who is richer mr Krabs or Scrooge mcduck
1:18 😂🤣
Balloon fest
Can you do one where you explain tenet
Elon musk: has been blowing up balloons in his spare time since 2011
Matpat has ads
Hehe, double Baltic. I gotchu, MatPat 😉
What a Simp (no jk)
Do the next theory on Hilm Mary Mary
It's because.......       HE SELLS BALLOONS
elon musk could do it easy, 150 people blowing up that many balloons would take 24.3333333333 non stop blowing, 10 seconds per balloon, minus 2 hours getting up and to work and setup, 1 hour getting home and 3 hours spent with family + getting to sleep, it would take 43.8 days to comeplete the task. BUT HEY THATS JUST A THEORY @ELONMUSK
Not only that, the balloons were filled prior to the point when the people from Shady Acres came to pick him up, so why didn’t it lift the house earlier.  Then of course, they showed the house from the outside as it was lifting off and Russel wasn’t on the porch.  So why are we breaking down an animated cartoon and trying to relate it to real life, as though anyone would really care if things we see in a cartoon are plausible?  What are you going to tell me next, that a coyote cannot survive a Boulder falling on it?
Please make a theory on Hazbin hotel Pls share so he (hopefully) does it
hey can you a video on how long can you live without eating/drink/going to the toilet/
I could of sworn that you already made a theory on this movie... UNLESS THERE WAS A TIMELINE SWA- *non-conspiracy me walks in* get out of my room...NOW!
I have a new theory idea for Matpat: In a series called 'Ninjago', there's something called 'Spinjitzu'. I want Matpat to figure out the mathematics of a Spinjitzu tornado, the Tornado of Creation, and Airjitzu, and see if it for the following Elements: Fire, Ice, Lightning, Earth, Energy, and Water.
So You Are Focusing on The Main Theory, I Focus On How To Collar Can Actually Make The Dog Talk XD
What if he used hydrogen instead of helium and somehow avoided pulling a Hindenburg. Would it work
Me that almost cried at the first 10 minutes of the movie but didn't:  *Maybe i am a monster*
how about next you do a video about how the future of undertale could have ended in my hero academia. the possibility is high
What about a theory on Howl’s Moving Castle?
Home theory on Kenny from South Park about how is he a model
Film theory- lets discus about film theory the dark truth the secret behind theory
Can you do a therory on Hunter x Hunter or The Promised Neverland?
If ant man went smaller than an atom how would he breath if he is smaller than oxygen atoms
We should have more anime here, I’d love a theory on Tokyo ghoul’s ghouls or “the dark truth behind Yui hirasawa from k-on”
if Matpat is one thing, its that he's Humorously Pessimistic
My guess is fucktons
I know this is a completely different question and this might be annoying but I'm still waiting because on matpats video on all the other 3 elements in avatar the last airbender because I loved it when he explained how waterbending worked. I know if matpat sees enough people talk and ask for it he will do it or at least give a response to why he cant.
Can we get a theory on hulu's new show monsterland please because that show has so much going on
I have an question for the gravity falls bill cypher being in stans mind all the time thing                   1:if bill was in his mind during before weird mageddon when they had the bubble under their shack wouldn’t it block him from being there since he was in the mind of Stan or is he somehow still able to go in his mind? I’m not sure I’m just thinking of ideas and I posted it on here because I didint think anyone would see?
Here’s a challenge do a video about iron man 3 and find out how much money he spend on all of the Iron men/man suits
You should do a Greek mycology theory
Only took you five year but ok.
Oml I was born near Cleveland, in Akron. That’s awesome
Hey mat pat if you did this video oh do I have a theory for you, if all the balloons can lift a house then can a soda bottle lift chicken little in chicken little, if you like this comment like it so mat pat can see it🐓🥤
Let me give you a riddle riddle me this riddle me that let me sing you a song about the sea but I half to go the song of the sea is coming to me
I think it’s a great time of year for something done on over the garden wall, not only do I love that little miniseries I feel like it holds a lot of mystery, just throwing it out there
Yo why does Fiona from Shrek keep the ogre form after finding "the true love" also remember that Fiona's father don't talk or do a think to help his daughter when he realize she's an ogre like talking to the fairy y'know, I'm really confused bout that so if you could do a theory bout it I would be really happy, Thanks :)
Matpat. I know this is irrelevant to THIS video, but it is about 1 of your older videos. Your Spiderman theory about the next line of Spiderman movies. Jamie Foxx just took to social media to announce he is playing Electro in the next spider movie. This means we now have 5/6 sinister 6. Only 1 missing is Doc Oc or Green Goblin.
Some of these movie training scenes are ridiculous. Like, how is any of this possible? https://youtu.be/AKaoX6saODU Edit: Cinemasins coincidentally released a video, and its great 😆
when are you making the last theory of hi im mary mary
Do an episode on love, victor, please
@Matpat in “Secret Society Of Second-Born Royals” the scene when Sam jumps off the building and she gets caught by butterflies 🦋, would that be possible.
4:42 I'm about steal this whole man's house with just balloons...
Mr. Matpat can you do another stranger things theory potential theories: 1.It took heat to revive will and billy a random flash back sene, could he have just been a pawn is some grand scheme 2. If the mind flair is dead how come there was a demagorgen in Russia 3. Could Russians really create these tunnel systems without no one noticing in the 80’s Ps. If you do, do another stranger things theory use s1 e7 12:17
As someone who lives very near where MatPat grew up (he’s from a place in northern Ohio called Medina) I can confirm that burning rivers are indeed a Cleveland thing to do  Also MatPat if you see this I’m originally from Elyria but live in Grafton
Theory- Who is richer, Mr.Krabs or Scrooge McDuck?
*Day 1 of asking matpat to make anime theory.*
There's one detail, I was waiting to hear, and it sounded like you were going to say. But, Carl's house had to break away from the foundation, which points to an extra question. How many more, balloons, and how much extra helium, until you have the force needed to break away from the foundation? You spoke about the weight of the foundation, but not breaking away from it. And, when a balloon is tied down, then it usually has a harder time, fly- er- floating away. So, there for, additional force, would be needed.  Awesome video, by the way! I love, Film, Game, and (now) Food Theorist. I can't get enough, of any of them!
Decipher this https://youtu.be/jUgzNxWEXeE
"Two shower curtains won't help Carl steer" Actually, Carl also set up a steering wheel connected to the makeshift sails. So it steers like a sailboat. When you steer the wheel, it moves the sails as well. Which lets you get the right draft of wind.
When you said I only got partial credit if I don't show my work I got so many bad memories
MatPat: The obvious theory is about, whether you can make the house fly with balloons. Me: How does that dog talk?! Would that even be possible?
Elon get on this make this happen lift an house
Can you do something on Cobra Kai
Hey you know the video you made about on film theory they put it in a commercial
The only things that bothered me was MatPad saying that Carl is going to ANOTHER continent when in fact he’s just going down front top to bottom of the same continent
🧙‍♀️🍂💫✨
THEY USE PART OF YOUR VIDEO ABOUT THE KIDS IN WALKING DEAD or like five seconds  that’s cool
Is no one going to mention that the co-director said that the house was 1800 square feet?🤔
I want your videos a lot and I suggest that you do or video I mean a theory that include Karen being underwater and still living can you film Theory master
All well and good But the house would probably fall apart, the fishing line has no hope for survival, and for over 5 million dollars he'd be better off putting tank treads on the house and make it a james bond style boat or sub
I wonder if MatPat will do a Halloween special.
Mat should do an episode on “ who drives the blue robin reliant in mr bean”
Up is one of my favorite movies so I kinda wanted this video, and I kinda didn't.
Do how many bees it would take to carry a plane like the bee movie!!
hi mat  pat do a theroy on sbgb
Can you do a Ben 10 theory the original not the reboot. If you do           Ben 10 Ben 10 Alien force Ben 10 ultimate alien Ben 10 Omniverse
Here is the REAL question we should be answering : Where did Carl get that many balloons in bulk?
Congrats you are in a add
How to do good on the fitnessgram pacer test
btw where is next vid are you still working at it
theory idea: how powerful is Meruem from hunter x hunter compared to real life weapons
So the eletro from the other multiverse is going to be in the Tom Holland one so what is eletro came then Tom couldn’t take care of it so the other spider men have to come and help.
How old is madam gusle in pepa pig I what to know
Another thing to consider is what was connecting the balloons to the house   It was the grill of the fireplace which makes me wonder how all that weight was being supported by that ONE grill that was merely bolted down
pls do a video about erens situation in the manga and if there is any other way
Do a theory about family guy where the clam is
You know that I've been asking this question 4 months ago... And FINALLY someone answered it! Thanks Mat!
Why does the old guy from Up look like uncle stan from gravity falls
Please don't replace mass with weight.They are two different things.
i dont like explain your thinking
I dunno guys he kinda sus
You should really look how strong juggernaut is from Deadpool 2
Matpat, is it possible for a human being to turn into a pigeon like in the movie spies in disquise
Finally
So, how willing are you to suspend your disbelief like a bunch of balloons suspending a house in the air? I've not seen this episode yet, so I don't know if you made that joke.
I never cried while watching that movie, HOWEVER if you think about it that movie is more sad then you realize Mr Fredrickson is old when he decided to fly hes house to paradise falls with the intention of leaving it there and he brought nothing with him to get himself back to civilization. Wich means he was most likely going there as a means of ending hes life doing the last thing that he needed to do. And forget the whole live off the land sort of thing he is really old and he didn't seem like he wanted to live anymore at the beginning of the movie. If it Hadn't been for Russell he probably would have left it at that and just sat in hes chair looking at pictures waiting to die. Let's be honest that was probably hes original intention.
You incorrectly stated that a west to east wind is opposite of the earth's rotation. The earth has prograde rotation, west to east. How did you miss that in your editing? FFS! Edit: 8:15
But how much balloons would pop? Also how much would the house cost?
Apparently, hydrogen is 2.5x cheaper than helium, so if he used hydrogen it would only cost $471,268 to fill the balloons.  Plus, hydrogen is about twice as light as helium, so he could do it for about $2,200,700 total, assuming my math isn't totally wrong.
I’ve been so bored because there’s no movies or shows right now so I literally made my own animated series.
South AMERICA is not a continent since is part of the continent AMERICA. just because it has a lot of countries and is big af doesnt mean is another continent. would you say that east and western asia are two different continets? i wouldn't. just my opinion
I've noticed an issue here, the replica is 2800 square feet but the house was stated by director to be 1800 square feet
Still waiting for tenet theories
Can you please do a video on pirates of the caribbean ?
One idea for a video. (My hero academia theme) "do people get a second power if they get one for all." The resone i got this idea is the description of one for all is that it just enhance someones abilities.
Me and a few friends were discussing this. In Fairly Oddparents me and my friends were discussing how Timmy and Thanos were basically the same, and discovered that he had the usual villain tropes, being neglected, abused, bullied, etc. Do you think that Timmy Turner could have been a supervillain in the making?
I don’t know why he didn’t do maze runner
These videos do make me a little happier.
Theory Idea: Mickey evil the whole time
But what about the weight of the stuff inside of the house
Can you ask the Superman question in Suicide squad but for the hulk but only the people who have been in the avengers are valid
Could u make a theory on how Dr. Octopuses claws work?
i wonder if mat pat will do a video of who is stronger bill cipher or rick sanchez.        i want him to do this theory
The intro NEVER gets old.
Imagine doing an episode proving that the people from the show: "Big City Greens" aren't actually humans, they're an advanced intelligent civilization instead of the regular man you see outside.
Mr. Beast where are ya
Pfffft Pokimane’s simps can afford that
I didn't know you were a Clevelander. Awesome!
Pls do more my hero acedemia videos pls
are we just gonna  dismiss the fact that carl is craming all that string through the chimney, and oh i dont know. maby the fact that the house probably wwould not hold up ti being lifted off its FOUNDATION the house would PROBABLY tear iitself to bits from the sheer forces that is being put onto it which it is not built to handle!
And even if you were to spend those 10 years non-stop filling balloons, the balloons themselves would leak out all of the helium; so you would theoretically never reach those 31 million balloons.
Elon Musk: gimme 5 months
Matpat needs to tell us whether it really is all Ohio
CHECK OUT THE NEW DAVID FIRTH SOCKSIX TRAILER!!!!!
u really should create music theory bec music is popular nowdays
Here's a question though, just to throw a wrench in the works: supposing that he did have the money, time, resources etc to successfully get his house off the ground, how far would it actually travel given the "mortality rate" of balloons? Due to the immense weight that many balloons would have compressing them from every direction because they all need to somehow occupy the same area, would he be able to stay airborn for long enough to get out of the state? How quickly would he have to move to overcome the mortality rateand stay in the air?
Billionaires could just hire people until the amount of time is far, far more reasonable. All that you'd need to account for is the amount of hours they'd be operating (their pay) newly bought pumps (because it's really hard to blow just helium into a balloon, y'know? Also hard with just one or two pumps...) and manually tying balloons.
matpat can you do a theory about total drama please I don't understand many things like Izzy's personality or Chris and his insanity
Can you do a theory on Season 17 episode 4 of family guy? I just want to know  if they were actually heavy enough to click that key on the computer.
"but cleveland is like the double baltic of citys" do you get the reference from food theory?
Where's don't hug me I am scared theory huh?
If everyone of your followers gave you a dollar you could probably do this
Still the best theme tune on Youtube
Magic
Like I always say, Capitalism is flawed. It doesn’t allow why to fly in you houses.
I was thinking he could possibly do it at warehouse prices through his business. But yeah even at reduced costs there's no way his small business could cover that
did you add the mass of the in house items hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm??
Here’s a better question- how many balloons would you need to yank a house out of the ground? That’s a lot of force and I imagine you’d need a LOT more balloons to yank out every nail, pipe and anything else connecting the house to the ground.
use hydrogen instead of helium  then all you have to do is mix it with a lighter TRUST ME IT TOTALY WORKS
plz do a theory on fantastic beast
Hey can you guys look how much power does the castle in the sky lazar power
Harry Potter Theory: If wizards have so many ways of transportation with ways to not get seen by muggles like Arthur's flying car why do they use a muggle train?
Yo MatPat can you translate your metric system to American as you measure
Also, helium exist in limited quantities and is non renewable. So whenever you fill a balloon with helium and it then goes into the air (either with or through the balloon) it is gone forever. And helium is necessary for much more important stuff that we need, so we should try not to use it for anything else.
Carl lives somewhere in the Bay Area he and Russell go to fentons at the end and it makes sense since Pixar is based out of emeryville
I have a theory, Do you know dora the explorer? If you do, there is a chance that she is a immigrant including Diego, because since Diego stays in the woods away from population, including Immigration police and Dora is hiding in plain sight with her parents who are also running away from immigration police, and it's highly likely that Dora does.... Drugs (How can Dora talk to animals, a unicorn, dragons, trolls, and talking stars and her own BACKPACK!! And etc.)? That's Foxy29pro's theory, search his channel. He has a Foxy profile picture.
Can you please do a theory on adventure time, its my favorite show but I cant watch it since I am not allowed to buy it with my money. It would really mean alot to me if you could do it
Who's to say he didn't use hydrogen?
Give me but the giant bird sir where is the giant bird sir
Can you review please the movie 9: (2009)I really a want theory about it. I really curious about the scientist when he made the dolls and why he chose no.9 from others? Please read it.I had lot of questions that I can't answer it.
do game throey minecraft steve smash
There’s a big math assumption made that doesn’t hold true. You computed the weight of 50 feet of string. To have 31 million balloons you need a whole lot more string because of the space the balloons take up. That means more weight. You might not be able to position 31 million balloons in a manner that allows those furthest from the house to even provide lift because of having so much fishing line to connect the two.  I’m not sure there is an amount of party balloons that can be attached to the house while always overcoming the weight of the line required to connect them. You might be able to run an analysis that debunks the use of party balloons all together.
Hey Matpat can do you do Theory on paper star the girl from Carman San Diego on how she can make paper strong enough to break through wood, stone and most likely pricks just by folding it.
I would really like if you had a podcast. It would make things easier for blind people to hear your videos and I think it would just be cool😊
I'm sure he had at least a few spare balloons lying around because in the starting "Maried Life" scene it shows that he had some sort of career with selling balloons.
penny-wise would be proud Also it's about time he made this theory
but he was a balloon guy by trade. he would know how to make them faster and he’d have access to them for cheaper
do an  on pokimane to trigger the simps
7:38 on everything wrong with suicide squad in 20 minutes he has a baby dress does he have a baby? Is that the reason Harley keeps going back to joker he is keeping the baby hostage and in birds of pray he was obviously drunk or something and when he came to his senses he didn't want to admit he was wrong so he stayed calm and new he was going to get her but when she didn't he is rasing another Harley a BETTER HARLEY   And the reason Harley  left her child was because she realised it wasn't hers but instead an orphan it's not too much to remember he did the same thing to Harley as Harley did to hem
You should do if cobra kai is not the villan
I have an idea for another theory channel!   *Song Theory*  Idk I think it'd be cool, there are songs with secret meanings and maybe darker secrets. TwT I think it's a good idea.
Do an episode where you figure out if the flip from cars 3 is possible
you know you dont have to... um you know RUINING THEIR CHILDHOOD by their its becues im 10 Ha
Film theory on "I'm thinking about ending things"? I cannot tell you how much that movie confuses me and I legitimately don't understand the whole time changes and such
and SUB
There's a DON'T HUG ME I'M SCARED EPISODE 7 MATPAT!
There is a new teaser for fnaf SB maybe you can discover some thing new!
The structure of the house lol
An arabic youtuber copy past your videos (game and film theoris)
A good theory would be what would happen if Yoren wasn't attacked by lannister soldiers on the way to the wall
simple solution: You honestly don't think Carl could rob a bank?
What if Naruto used his shadow clones to fill the balloons 🤔
When you made the video about which incredible is the the strongest you only talked about the force force they can withstand or use you did talk about who would recover from their attacks and who could dodge the most
"Two months from before I was born"... So, about two months after you were born??
why isnt the vid monetized?????
He don't even MENTION the thunderstorm and still proves this theory wrong lmao
Bill gates: lol broke bois
Eh only5.1milion dolars an m1 abrahams tabk costs 9 milion.........for the us thats chep
elon musk  should attemp no cap
Blowing up and tying balloons in his age is unreasonable. However he could’ve covered the cost easily if he used credit card/ check fraud
book theory
Is this reuploaded? I feel like it was.
If you add 6,243,062 more dollars you could have the balloons inflated in one hour. Provided you hired 861,112 people to fill them at minimum wage. You could save 7.25 by being one of the individuals inflating balloons.
Do a sequel to the highschool ratings, but this time try the ones in anime that are special, like My Hero Academia's UA.
Just curious any theories on Alice in wonderland ?
Mr pat can you do a theory about to many cooks it's on youtube please😔
Are these even theories anymore?
i love your vids matpat
Mr beast would not have a problem with costs
One question what would happen if the balloons popped?
Haha double Baltic is a nice touch
6:35  R.I.P the environment
MatPat should do another dragon ball video where he talks about every time Goku or Vegeta goes super saiyan they have a high risk of destroying earth or anyone or anything around them
Here’s a theory are the Teletubbies actually among us players because if you cut their body in Half you can see the crewmate  please make a video for it
So your gonna lift a house with fishing line. Not only fishing line, THIN FISHING LINE
what if he used hydrogen instead of helium that is why he did not need as many balloons.
5.1 million!!! You can buy Venezuela with that much!
So what about doing a theory on how many laws some of the king of the hill characters have broken. Or at least hank a Peggy.
Now I'm really mad at Disney, they tricked me again             What a Double Baltic
Up is honestly my favorite movie and has been all my life thanks so much for making a really entertaining video!
Or he probably used the balloons that were ore blown
I have a theory toy might like, here's the name "Is Stan Pines Really Their Uncle?" Stan's parents only had 2 kids Stanley and Stanford. Stanford was hiding in the woods for years so he couldn't have any kids. And, Stanley was on the run for most of is adult years until he moved into Stanford's house, then how did he get a niece and nephew?
Mr beast
mr beast would do it 2 times
The question was is it possible not how much it will cost lol
how does O'Hare sell and make air?
Who was just like,” Hey, Markus, I got you a rubber sack full of my breath. You’re welcome.”
what about another JJBA (JoJo's Bizzare Adventure) Theroy?
Hi welcome to party city what would u like   Carl: yes
Please do a theory on Over the Garden Wall
BIG HERO SIX THEORY’S
You look like the guy that was from the markliplier fnaf musical
Day 2 of Among Us Theory: What are the creatures of among us and what creatures are the imposters?? Is one a Invasive species?? Are they related to Fall guys?? Is it the post apocalypse???
FOR YOUR NEXT VID YOU COULD DO A THEORY ON BUTIFUL DAY IN THE NABORHOOD CAUSE I THINK I KNOW WHERE PEOPLE GOT THE IDEA FOR THE MAIN CARICTOR IN DANILE TIGERS NABORHOOD( if you want)
My question how do u land it pop the balloons?
As someone who has really enjoyed your content for years i like to  rewatch your vids and since the website that allowed me to do this in  chronological order has been blocked by youtube, i was wondering, would  it be possible to get you to add a full series playlist oldest to newest please?
I swear you never run out of video ideas
Wouldn't the house fall apart without foundation?
But he is a retired balloon salesman so he gets those balloons cheaper than cheap. Though I must commend him blowing up all those balloons before the retirement home tried to get him.
good to know...
Can someone say what was that anime he called under appreciated?  I wanna give it a try
This movie to
🙋‍♀️ question! How about the mass from inside the house? Like decor and necessities for survival???
He didnt adjust for inflation
Mat pat try doing a theory on STEINS;GATE.
Turbo.   No, not the video game racer, the SNAIL.  Just HOW fast is that snail?   What would be the maximum speed for a creature of his size and structure?
I love your channel, and I resently discovered it. Soooo do you have merch?
I WANT TO KNOW THE SCIENCE BEHIND THE PENGUIN IN MADAGASCAR WHO LIKE BURPED UP ITEMS !!!!
Matpat, could you do an episode where you looks the charges Lionel Hutz from the Simpsons if he got put on trial?
Have you done any Indiana Jones theory’s?
Twist ending, Carl simply had massive psychic powers and was lifting the house with his mind the whole time. It worked literally because he believed it would work.
TIL that a balloon has a greater range than a 787 Dreamliner
try watching amphibia and the owl house
Do an other episode on about tangled and her able to lasso or if after all those years without washing the hair might not have the colur
What about the structural integrity of the house?  Let's say he got enough balloons to lift the house, wouldn't it just break apart and crumble since all its weight is being supported from one spot?  Try picking up a ginger bread house by the chimney and swinging it around, won't last too long.
FunFact: If you don't subtract the weigh of the ballons and the fishing-line. You end up with 23,504,332 balloons. Looks like Pixar did the math. They just overlooked some details. On the plus side it validates MatPats estimate of the houses weight.
Theory Pitch: How plausible was the entire Ocean’s 8 heist?
Mickey mouse to suicide mouse wow 0:51 - 0:54 Wow he does ruin your childhood
Do more episodes on the hunger games
Mrbeast's next video: *So anyways we are making this house fly only using balloons*
i have an idea a film theory about todd from scott pillgrim vs the world's super vegan diet
Dude  I love your theories but your videos are really bad I mean the first 1/4 of your video is really useless   Make better videos
Do a theory on owl house
I can't believe it's still more plausible to do this than to buy a home in California.
Hiimmarymary uploaded a new vidb
You underestimate the power of billionaire playboys mat. They can literally just pay people to blow up the balloons for them. 👀
Hey Matthew if it's not too much to ask but can you take my suggestion for a new theory?
Completely off topic but I just finished watching Amazon primes utopia and I really reallly think you should watch it mat pat it’s crazy good and I would absolutely love to see your potential theories for this tv series
o yea not to mention the hight they are at they would probobly get hight sickness.
Just gave this link to my class because of the wind belt, hope my classmates enjoy it and learn something lol.
I really like how he said that's just a theory even with so much explanation
When I first heard of Up, I thought it was an adaptation of Twenty-One Balloons, a book about a man who flies on a platform house that has 21 huge balloons secured to it. It’s pretty interesting. Can’t remember how he steered it. But he wound up crashing the island that has Krakatoa and lives there until the volcano blows everything up.
The airport he ascended from is a block away from my house in Page Arizona!!! It was really cool watching him float into the air, the street was so packed.
Guys i have a theory a FILM THEORY that dracula from hotel Transylvania 3 didn't zing a second time but zinged with the same person/draculas wife but reborned into a human
who came from food theory's
me in the back 'can we have book theory?'
Umm Carl is a balloon man right?
mat pat you should do an episode on caillou
Carl was a balloon salesman prior to flying his house, so he could have afforded those balloons. You know, by committing grand theft.
I’ve been binging Lucifer and think there’s some cool theories lying within it idk🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
disney gave us memories, pixar gave us memes. and more film theories.
Have you ever heard of Tiny homes it's possible to live in that house
Can you please do a video about Lost?!
Pls pls pls do th theory on District 9
Film theorist can you make a video on if it’s really possible to cut someone’s hair with scissors long as Edward Scissorhands Scissorhands I recently re-watched the movie and wondered how did he not cut one woman or one dog
Mat!! I doubt you or the team would see this but In your calculations, did you all also take into account the weight of fishing line and thick it would have to be to lift a house that is also connected to more balloons with fishing lines, asking for a friend.
He probably stole everything. Who doesn’t screw the boss? At least a tiny bit
Channel idea...        How about media theory ?
You're saying that I would take you 10 years but what if you hired workers to do it if you're a billionaire you can afford all that materials you may want to hire some workers although maybe troubling how do you get them onto the house
Ya know, I’ve only just recently though about how matpat has used that same picture for years of himself when he is talking  Edit:spelling fixes
Trying not to be nit-picky but what about all of the furniture and stuff he has in his house? It’s a BIG moment towards the end of the movie when Carl starts pushing all his belongings out of the house to get it lifted again 😬
6:25 someone had a boy:)
Aw man, these millionaires are gonna pay a whole lot of people to blow up those balloons for them to make it quicker aren’t they?
We need a literature theory channel
do a theroy about the 100
I HATE MATH BUT GOOD VIDEO
can you make a film theory on the adult swim cartoon series xavier renegade angel?
ah now I know it is possible to achieve my child hood dream! only 5.099 million dollars to go.
If it takes 10 years to get them to inflate then what size of army do you have to have to get the job done mat?
You would say, " not feet at the falls"... It's the "At the foot of the falls"... That way it's more predominantly correct.
Dude you explained weather cells way better than my 9th grade science class
Imam Nasser Muhammad al-Yamani (10 - 07 - 1441 Hejri) (05 - 03 – 2020 Kr.) Skrevet Kl. 12:51 Natt ((I følge den offisielle kalenderen til morens-byene (Meka)  .(Corona Virus av de lavest pine før den største pine da kanskje de vil vende tilbake(til sin Herre 👇🏻 https://www.mahdialumma.com/showthread.php?p=326682 ،،،،،،،،،
Hey Mat, have you heard of the socksix trailer?? By David firth it looks pretty interesting and looks alot like salad fingers!
U actually didnt ... İ was expecting... Ok i guess well nevermind.
Can you make an episode of how smart sheen was in jimmy neutron in episode where he becomes really smart and becomes telepathic
Bet you didn't know that
hustling to tell you about that SpongeBob secret ingredient theory and one episode is revealed that Mr Krabs secret formula for the Krabby Patty is not actually at the krusty krab it's at his house
I remember when Mythbusters tested something like this. Their conclusion was that, though you can theoretically lift anything with enough balloons, you're limited by the amount of balloons you you can collect. At a certain point the pressure of the balloons pressing against each other will cause them to pop.
Hailing from Utah, I actually had a chance to visit the Up House replica. Where the movie didn't have a foundation, the IRL one did, and even had a basement added because the Salt Lake Valley lies on a major fault line. It's possible that your calculations included the lower levels. While the feat in Up is still obviously impossible financially, your calculations might be off.
You know, sometimes I theorize about what goes on in MatPat's head when he watches movies.
guys there a leak for dhmis its called so2 eps1- pilot.    ( i sware its real)
Dude forgot about a superpower shooting him down for threatening their airspace but ok.
The Film Theorist, please make a film theory on 'The Shining', it has SOOOO many juicy anylsis, you will really like it.
Make another, MatPats Bizzare Adventure
When are you gonna do another avatar theory? I’ve been waiting long enough😐
No. Life Insurance, crowdfunding, and volunteer work.
The lack of significant figures in the totals of really big numbers really annoys me, especially as a college student reviewing some old physics.
Hey may pat love your stuff soo might wanna check who can lift Thor’s hammer because in the comics silver surfer  comes to both thanos
You should do Enola Holmes!!!!!!!
Me: Tries to watch Star Wars MatPat: JAR JAR BINKS IS ACTUALLY A SITH LORD
Alright here is my theory on the little mermaid, Sebastian is in fact not a crab, but a human who was cursed.  1: In the song “Under the Sea” he says, “Darling is better down where its wetter take it from me!” The words we need to focus on are the words “Take it from me.” We remember that early in the movie Sebastian states that he has never been to the surface world, yet he still asks to take his word for it. Weird, right?  2: When Ariel was going to Ursula’s lair, to grant her wish, Sebastian says “Ariel, don’t go in there, its a bad idea trust me...” Yet again with the “trust me” thing, its getting repetitive.   3: When Ariel reaches the surface, Prince Eric invites her for dinner, when they are getting food, you could hear Eric say in the background, “Our Chef has not been himself lately...”, This is an important detail, hold onto it.  4: The Chef that keeps trying to harm Sebastian. Now you may say “Oh, he just doesn’t want a crab in his kitchen!” But the theory goes deeper than that.   Here is the complete theory that has small holes in it but this is what I could piece together at the moment,  Sebastian was a human who worked for Prince Eric as his Royal Chef, but Sebastian was not happy with his life so he turned to Ursula, who just like Ariel, told him an idea, but it had a loophole. He was not able to fulfill his mission to Ursula and was left in a crabs body under the ocean, Ursula then chose the crab he had switched bodies with, and made him the Royale chef. The Crab kept trying to hurt Sebastian, because he thought that his dream to be human would be ruined. ThE EnD.               Its just a theory dont come for me-
or just.. idk fly there..
So your saying Carl stole millions in party supplies from the zoo over the years he worked there.
6:44 Persians: "OUR ARROWS WILL BLOT OUT THE SUN!" Carl: "Amateurs" Edit: Fixed timestamp
Not to mention latex balloons only last 8-10 hours average 🙃he would sinkkkkk
Why mat, why you ruined my dream... I’m still liking this video
2:28 America is actually just one continent, do u realize that right Mat?
I would love i wizard of Oz Video
Mat: it is possible to build transformers the only problem is the battery  Me: of c'mon how can it get more absurd than that it's just a battery  Mat later: it's possible to fly a house with balloons to another continent the only problem is money  Me frustrated: OHH C'MON YOU GONNA BE FUCKING KIDDING ME NOW WHY IS ALWAYS THE DUMB THINGS THAT STOP GREAT THINGS FROM HAPPENING
lmao quit ruining favourite movies bro seriously u need to stop about disney
Matpad, make a episode about El hoyo (the plataform).
lets be real, barely anyone hasnt seen UP
I have a question,  are you gonna do book theory or music theory
Plus the weight of the people in it and food and furniture
A couple points you missed as well. The weight of all the possessions in the house, but more importantly is the structural integrity of the house. If you have all those balloons attached to lets be nice and say a dozen locations around the house, the house will start falling apart because it was not designed to be suspended by its roof. It will pretty quickly start falling apart.  You'd be lucky if the roof made it to paradise falls.
Will you do an episode where you see if the burrow people in Kipo And The Age Of The Wonderbeasts could actually survive underground for there whole lives.
Oh yea matpat brought back the intro
People factor in the helium but never the wind
guys, thank you  i know im not someone you should listen too - im not your fans, but thank you, i have always wanted to show everyone the universe; via models its so under appreciated (but w/ the heisenbug principle // a car tire moving fast appears to be moving backward - only bc we're not looking at it fast enough==100,000 photo a second you realize - what your seeing isnt one molecule but a curve \a spot where many pass by every ....)  Retired GenAnaBison Consult: the heisenbug principle  as you magnify smaller and small, you begin to focus on a molecule; but then ^one magnification stronger & it disappears 'almost like it seen you looking for it  the top half of this explained why
How this channel has over 9 million subs bewilders me. Because I don't think this guy could be any more annoying.
There is a movie called Zathura and its on Netflix I remember watching it when I was little and just recently I watched a it again and I think that there is a theory for matpat to make
Cleveland gang
NEW IDEA!!  So I have just come across an old image of the Richy Rich cartoon being compared to the Casper cartoon. They do look very similar. I was thinking, maybe, Richy Rich IS Casper! Ricky rich lived in a castle.. so does Casper. I feel like it deserves a little attention?!? 🤷‍♀️
Yo matpat. I got in a super weird argument with friends, this by far isn't the weirdest thing you've done (cough , Luigi's size, cough) but our argument was about what color thanoses feces was... I'm so sorry. The guy friends really want to know your take
Not sure if it's Film Theorist worthy, but Doc Brown in BTTF3 was on a hoverboard with Clara traveling about 80MPH. Do you think this is really possible?
Ww2 Japan launched several meteo balloons with ignition to light forests of USA on fire
the earth rotates from west to east not east to west smh filmtheorists
But what if the balloons are full of super helium? In the beginning montage, the balloons lift up his cart twice. I know he mentions later in the movie that the helium is leaking out of the balloons, but I think this makes more sense, as little as all of this makes sense.
*DO A THEORY ON THE NETFLIX SHOW RATCHET!!!!!!!!*  like this comment so he can see!
Destroy heart easy mode
Theirs a scene in the movie were the pipes of the house are ripped from the ground using the balloons. Is this possible?
Theirs a scene in the movie were the pipes of the house are ripped from the ground using the balloons. Is this possible?
I love how you said "Cleveland is the double Baltic of cities".
Replica in SLC 🤯
I don't think the house can land, that's the real struggle
You missed the most important thing, normal houses are not designed to take stresses in that way.  It would crumble to pieces as it lifted off the ground.
If this guy was a teacher.... I'D PAY 100 TRILLION DOLLARS FOR HIM TO BE MY TEACHER
I imagined mr.beast doing this
I just have a idea for you to theorise                  'The Unlisted' a Australian si-fi drama where a corrupt compay controls kids phisical strength and intellectual knowledge
5 mil is pocket change for mr beast and he has the man power and the time i bet he would do this in the future
I'm numb to numbers in the  millions watching these videos
Can u make a Hazbin Hotel one PLEASE
3:46 the most epic crossover
Possible, but it'll need more balloons. MythBusters showed just how many balloons it'd take just to life a small child, and it seemed to be a similar amount to what we see in this movie.
Can you do something on overload!!!! Please👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Next on film theory: How did Thomas the Tank Engine get a face? I need answers
hey matpat, i challenge you to make a theory about this song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzC4hFK5P3g UwU
The one thing I've wanted to see MatPat talk about is the Adventure Time seires.. I hope I get to see one someday.
New Theory: How fast does Goku slurp ramen.  I don't know if this would go on film or food theory.
Anyone remember Double Baltic? Sure you do! We should all go and watch some appetizers at Food Theory before we continue the Main Course of this episode (I know we are all scrolling through the comment section as the video is playing lol)!
You should talk about the Crystal Gems
the grate at the bottom of the fireplace supporting the entire house: am I a joke to you?
Even if they made it to the water fall, the house looks no where near civilization and they would probably starve out there
I was wondering if you could do a theory on camdrome an indie game that was at pax but never got an answer? Maybe if you bring it up it will come back?
Watch Sabaton Sparta undeadwolf     He puts parts of the movie with the words.
10:48 mrbeast is typing...
I am little surprised mat didn't, at the very least mention that the house itself wouldn't come all together, in one piece from the balloons, like in the movie, it showed that every balloon is attached to the mettle cage thing that holds the logs up in the fireplace, so its is very clear that that one little mettle lag holder uper wouldn't be able to pick up the entire house, let alone be in the exact center of mass of the entire house so it doesn't tip over, and if it was all that, for the rest of the house to perfectly come off of the foundation perfectly without a piece of scrap wood being left. That is what I think about when I think about this movie logically
Cashier: How many ballooons?                                            Carl: How many to lift my house?                                         Mat Pat: YES!!!!!
If you don't now 300, it a Warner Bros pictures, legendary pictures and virtual pictures production (it's ma) about the battle of thermopylea ok.
Hay Matt Pat, do a 300 episode please.
This is also assuming that he has the luck of not flying into any planes on the way there.
Are we ever gonna see an anime theory??!
My question is why wasn't the mom worried when her son went to some old man's house and hadn't returned that same day?
I love this channel may you go down in history as the Great Mathew Patrick
Carl was a balloon salesman he was supplyed with helium and balloon s
Hi matpat can you solve a mystery of I am legend
What if you use hydrogen
Hey Matpat, long time subscriber first time messenger. Been watching this new Netflix series called Ratched. Was wondering if you would wanna do a film theory on it.
What about the physics of helium loss or even stability of staying in the air and not reaching the upper atmosphere and suffering the low oxygen and freezing temperatures?
Do you think you could do a theory on horrid henry I mean Ive noticed he's not all that horrid
One question I had was would the balloons deflate during the journey? bc it would probably be a couple day journey or more and if many of them got popped or deflated over night they’d fall ;—;
HE DIDNT EVEN THINK ABOUT THE HOUSE IT WAS F***ING BASED ON IN WASHINGTON!!!! JUST THE F***ING REPLICA!!!! Sorry, I’m very angry about this
Wrong, if your a billionaire, you don't fill *all* those balloons by yourself. You hire everyone else.
Anime cells at work theory diagnosing the body the cells occupy.
Can you please do a theory on how “Matilda” and Shyamalan’s “Glass” are in the same universe. I was watching Glass and it hit me that it’s possible the psychiatrist’s first believed in super powered beings because she used to be Ms. Honey. Matilda was her first exposure to supers.
@kingcorphish  @ astroidmaniavideos
Double Baltic
A another think to think about is the weight would probably be more then  570,000 pounds. At the beginning of the movie, when the house starts flying into the air it shows tubes and pipes being broken of when it starts floating. (Those were probably electrical and water pipes for the house) So the pipes would be holding the house down meaning you would need even MORE BALLOONS to pull the house up
The amount of balloons used to lift that house would be the same to pick me up
Okay but the bolloon record makes my anxious. Was that actually necessary and for whom? Where did all of the material end up?
mr beast watching🔖🔖
Do parks and rec
He wouldnt have electricity or water either
7:13 now knowing what that means from the food theory video: *Everyone liked that*
In the story, Carl only used 1000 balloons
Am I evil or do I not have any emotion?  I didn't cry in up.
What anime was that
Why not 1 big balloon?
My wife left me for a 2007 Ford Focus
Paradise falls isn't real??
Thank you MatPat, for all the fun times and laughs that you don't know you've given me! Starting tonight, I will be a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for two years, so I won't be watching your videos. I wish you the best and look forward to watching way too many of your videos when I come back home XD I'll be serving in Mesa Arizona, and Scotland/Ireland (when I'm allowed to go over there). Keep spreading joy, my friend. Cheers! Elder Bruce
Well its possible......
My teacher quoted you in class today😅
The real question is, how much would it cost for all of those balloons  Edit: oh he said it in the video
Mat pat you know since realsteal just got on Netflix can you solve who is atom it’s been driving me crazy ever since I first watched the movie
Why not hydrogen instead of helium since hydrogen is a lighter element and is also cheaper. Though that means we have to not think about its explosive nature.
Wouldn't the house break on the trip as well-
I kept wondering if the house would support itself, but I'm pretty sure all you would have to do is displace the balloons' strings evenly throughout the floor. Then the weight of the house would be evenly supported when it gets lifted
Was the weight of the furniture accounted for in the weight of the house?
MatPat forgot one small detail... furniture in the house would add a lot of weight, especially for the balloons to carry. He only accounted the weight of the house, itself.
Is Captain Jack the Face of Boe
I love the transitions! Who ever edits mat pats video you cool 😎👍
the REAL question is how strong are these STRINGS holding the house. Aswell, as how tight are his knots are on the fireplace
I wanted to wach up for so long and I just found out I have it on dvd lol 👁👄👁
When he said "move the house to another continent" it hurt, it really did
Mat here’s a theory who is the fastest man alive?
Promised neverland is on Netflix and probably the best show to do a theory on
Do a promised neverland theory
MatPat if midichlorians exists i the real world juste in tow things can’t you just smash them togeter and get som force abilytis?
You should do a video where you explain how rich Raj koothrapali’s parents are (The Big Bang theory)
Can you do a theory on tenets inverted time
You should make a theory on the new season of the good place it pretty interesting
hey umm got what is up with the movie Caroline is the cat evil please I'm dying to know
Just get 1 rly fuckin big balloon that's it
Do a joker2 theoy of what its all about you,ll get it wrong but I love a good film theoy
What is that anime MatPat is talking about everyone? Ive seen that picture but can't think of the series name.
........................why. just why
matpat can you do a theory about the movie home and how the boov could fit the human race in australia
Yeah, UP is a movie you kinda have to *suspend* reality for
Please ruin money heist for me😉😉😉😉
Hi matpat! I just wanted to say that your ability to combine fun and science helped me with an idea for a science fair: do the type of movies you watch effect your mindset?
The other big problem would be finding somewhere that you could attach the balloons and not have them break the house apart.
Since this video exists,I just want say that theres a group from France if iam not wrong gonna build a rocket and launch it from a floating launchpad that was floated using helium,the rocket is not very big so the helium ballon can float and reach the edge of the atmosphere,it bassi5lowbcost rocket launch
The film theory : It would take five years to fill all of the balloons. So millionaires, don't think about it. Elon Musk:*Starts building balloon filler machine *
the real theory is how can it stay attached to the fire place
I have been waiting for this video for years.
Question how long would it take for the house from up to get there?
The Umbrella Academy is a MUST WATCH  they are a LOT of theory videos you can make out you might even have to make a new playlist out of that show
Hey! Matpat-senpai! Could make a theory about Return By Death in Re:zero..? I thought of too many theories... And one of them came true in the anime... So I kinda need help or else I'll go crazy with too many knowledge in my head...
Guys how about ANIME THEORY?.?. Who likes it
What's about hydrogen?
Can someone get Mr.Beast to do this irl?
https://123-movies-free.com/peninsula-2020/ please make a theory about peninsula aka train to busan 2
What about the extra force the house will need to rip off from the foundation? And will the house break from the foundation in one piece with the floor intact? Please make a 2nd episode!!!!!
i asked this question in the comments of a video of the film theorists 2 years ago lol
I never knew why he never just got a plane ticket, i mean arnt they at most 1000 thats posibal in all that time right
your math sucks.
I have a question. Would it actually take more balloons in order to rip the house from the foundation?
Actually, Matpat, the original Mythbusters proved that you CAN'T lift a house with balloons. So those other videos were probably fake.
I vote ref
Red sus for makeing such a smart theory
Hay matpat I hope you read this because it could become a good theory so you know how you did a video about gravity falls and how bill will come back Well there's this new show called the owl house and well there's this character called king who has the same voice and he always says he's the king of demons but that's just a theory a film theory aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand CUT!
Oh hey, I live like 5 minutes away from the recreated up house
Up was plagiarized from a children's book.
Bruh it's so obvious where Carl is from. The location is oakland,CA
Hey film theory, I have a theory for you. I've read somewhere that when venom goes and fuses with someone and then leaves, that persons abilities and attributes stay with venom. Since in the Venom movie from 2018, him and riot have fused for less than 5 seconds. Since riot has the ability to makeshift weapons, does that mean venom can do that also?
I've been waiting for this one! :D
How many channels do you have?
9 million subscribers isn't enough to validate the channel?  Man, you need a heck of a lot of validation!
you almost ruined my favourite movie
Can you do an episode about Big Hero 6 and see if it’s possible to build a real Baymax?
I want to know what Matpat thinks about Cobra Kai Season 3. Or anything Cobra Kai.
Howbayadoing?
Make a gravity falls video about how what’s said in the show could be connected to real life pretty much all the bill cipher stuff
Alternative title: mat pat brags that he’s from Cleveland
Still not realistic, the house would start getting pulled apart before you could tie down enough balloons. And even if you could, you'd need even more to just be able to rip off the house from the foundation.
Hi
I thought it said The Film Terrorists
Im kinda getting annoyed with the constant and repetitive with the  "channel that ruins your childhood"
Watch church Sunday/Wednesday to learn about the one true God
Here’s a better theory would it actually be cheaper to disassemble the house and ship it to to the falls and rebuild it there?
Film theory idea or thought: I was rewatching Tangled and when I was watching it I noticed that there were two things that stood out to me. One there was a spinning wheel that looked like the spinning wheel in Sleeping Beauty, also it’s never said what had happened to the spinning wheel after Aurora fell asleep. Are they the same thing or just a normal spinning wheel? The dresser that Flynn Ryder was locked in looked a lot like the talking dresser in Beauty in the Beast. Is it just me or is it a little Easter Egg or was it the real thing. This might be just me so what do you think? Are they the real thing or not.
How many balloons would you need to first get off the ground and break the house away from the foundation?
The plan get a loan of 6 million dollars buy it use the rest to hire workers to fill and tie the balloons and fly away and hide at the top of the falls so you dont have to pay
Ok so remember that theory about Elsa and rapunzal being twins I want to know how the new frozen move ties into all of that?
Hey want to say that you probably go back to the secret formula because in krabs origins there are ingredients that fall into the patty batter
*I don't know, how many loaves of bread have you eaten in your lifetime?*
Literally found out a simple answer by just googling how much a house weighs, translating that to grams, dividing that by 14(average helium amount in a balloon) and I already got an answer. How you stretch such a simple question to 12 minutes is mind boggling that I don't even want to watch the video at all.
This is taking a Mr Bean reference to a whole new level.
Hey this was made after my birthday
You should do an anime theory on Fire Force (or En End No Shoboutai)
A question MatPat didn't answer. If he used that small amount of balloons, how much did Mr. Fredricksons house actually weigh
I'm curious more how did he get to where the falls are located so quickly. They go through a storm and then tada, they are suddenly there? So where the heck was he even living if it seems he isn't that far away? He starts near the end of the day and then boom, next day falls.  My problems with this is that Carl, having worked selling balloons at a zoo his whole life, wouldn't have to spend any money buying anything. From what it seems is that he already had the balloons, helium and string from when he was doing that job. So if you take away the cost of balloons he had, helium he most likely had stored somewhere, or string somewhere. What would it cost then?
Matpat,please do an episode on the kingsman series! Theres plenty  to work with I think!
Can someone explain how wally from Wallykazam  is a literal god with that wooden stick of his?
I'm from warren ohio
You don’t need to ruin our childhoods now Disney is doing it themselves
I have an idea for a future Film Theory: How does Kirishima's Hardening work in My Hero Academia?
Last day working at a party store, celebrating by watching video about helium balloons
Do something on The Boys MatPat
Here's to hoping that matpat will do an infinity train episode.
I enjoy Matt ranting on an on for some reason
Wouldn't oxygen also be a problem at such an altitude?
Im sure David Blane knows
double baltic lol reply what it is
You should do the complete Pixar theory and time line
the biggest issue is the amount of time it would take to inflate them all
unpause the video and hold down 4 for 5 secs than hold 9 for 5 secs then hold 6 for 5 seconds whoever notices what this does is a noice person😎
MrBeast: I got this
How about whether it would be able to translate dog language into speech
Elon Musk would do this in a year, calling it now
Anyone else finally realize that Mat is actually REALLY smart
yesssss Cleveland gang
A lot of people are commenting on if the structure would survive. With a million anchor points no one part of the house would have to support another. Every piece of lumber can be supported. Every single floor board. The movie did not show the furniture being supported but with a million strings it could be.
Yeah, and you'd also have to take in consideration the buoyancy of the balloons, the altitude difference between his hometown and argentina, the fact that at higher  heights the balloons would expand or explode, the rate at which the balloons deflate and the rate of balloons loss at outside conditions over the weeks/months and so and so and so
HE SAID UTAH! I'VE BEEN IN SIDE THE HOUSE
can u make theories on the following pirates of the caribbean the muppets the very hungry catipiller and other stories on netflix and mission impossible wild kratts and daniel tiger plz
so who's gonna break it to Matt that north America and south America are... yknow... America
make an episode where you try to figure out if mob psycho 100 and one punch man take place in the same universe, if so at what time periods are they separated from, or are they at the same time?
do how much money phineas and phurb spent in the summer
Short Answer: At least 12
With that much money it would be easier, cheaper and safer to just pay a big cargo plane to take the house and reassemble it in Paradise Falls
Actually matpat maybe multiple people could fill up the balloons that same them soooooo it is plausible
Can we just replace Matpat with Austin
There's some Simon's Paradoxes still present here though, Matpat. While you certainly got the cost down, you kind of forgot Carl's side-job of giving out balloons to people. On contrary to that though, there is also the factor of time wearing the balloons down, if that's even possible, so it could potentially be a null argument I'm making here, but you did ignore that fact in the movie, which could potentially cut the costs down massively from hoarding balloons overtime.
Anime theory w h e n
11:05 if any billionaires actually wanted to do that they’d make a robot do it for them
Another question, how did Carl stop his house from lifting up sooner? It should not matter if he stored them within his home or not, the balloons will still be applying an upward force to the house.
how to extend runtime 101: bring up how you ruin disney movies for people every video that involves disney
In stranger things season 1 they break a lock with a rock is that possible.                                                          Can you break a lock withers a rock
awesome video, I knew it couldn't really be possible but it's still a great movie nonetheless  can you do a theory video on Alexkansas' videos? He does good work
4:50 The weight of the house should be less when you remove the appliances and non-essentials, but any useful steering apparatus would likely add back that weight. Also (I know this is way out there) what if this was always the plan, and they renovated the house with the lightest possible materials, including synthetic roof tiles. Finally, the weight taken from the real recreation of the house was 2,800 sq. ft. but in the earliest shots of the movie the house looks significantly smaller using Carl standing on the porch as a reference. Thank you for the interesting and entertaining video.
my theory is that the old man died and the wolfs were a test and the kid was a gift because they never had kids
Imma do it
Like because Austin helped. But if you're billonaire you can get a whole city to help you fill the balloons for you.
Ohio isn't real
Theory: God from Supernatural isnt God
All I'm hearing is that for less than 10$mil i can pay people to recreate up
MATPAT PLS DO A THEORY ON THE ANIME PSYCHO-PASS
never watched UP and never will, i'm not interested. and that scene of the dying wife is extremely exaggerated it's not even THAT sad. why should i weep over a wife's death when nobody weeps over fathers' deaths?
So Pixar was right with 25 million give or take a few
Personally, I like your other videos where you tackle films with more lore-focused questions and thoeries. This isn't a theory. It's just a math question.
I was really hoping you might look at an alternative to the balloon idea. Like just ONE BIG balloon. AKA a blimp. Far less time to fill and the size would be more understandable. Also, no fishing string.
I have never seen UP sue me .
I would like to recommend the ARG including Zam 440, Mal, and Comprehension Amalgamation. It isn't known that well so I think it would be cool to do a video on that ARG. Maybe figuring out who john is and what the goal zam and mal are trying to achieve.
I would say the biggest problem would be, that they dont have oxygen UP there
Hey matpat can you do an episode where you talk about tenet and the time traveling stuff
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME SOMETHING PLEASE I NEED THIS ANSWERED!!! What is Matpats tik tok!?!??!?!? I NEED TO KNOW PLEASEE!!!
*FILM THEORY RECOMMENDATION:* How could Ben 10's Omnitrix actually work?
Wait, MatPat, have you watched Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere?
Can you do a theory on lumpy touch Garfield Gameboy complete video Also like in subscribe
Dear MatPat, I have a theory for ya. Examine all of the Indiana Jones movies and see how much of an impact Indy actually had. It is my speculation that through the movies he never actually does anything good. In fact, in some of the movies he actually has no effect at all. The events of the movie would have play'd out exactly the same without him. Even when he does "save" people a lot of the time it was people who were in danger because of his actions.
Can you do a film theory on 101 dalmatians? How much would it cost to feed 101 dogs? Or is 99 puppies really enough fur to make a coat? Thanks!
just get 30 million people to help you out
When I saw this video I was like "MrBeast can do it"
Ight as someone who knows salt lake well. Your entire theory is fucked UP, the house you said would be an accurate description bc its a "replica". If you did research into it, its decorated and painted like the up house. The interior is just a regular house, which doesn't qualify it as a replica.
Maybe  he got the money from the company building the house around where his was
Carl Is From Utah
6:44 Persians: "OUR ARROWS WILL BLOT OUT THE SUN!"  Carl: *"Amateurs"*  Edit: Fixed timestamp
how bright does Rudolph's nose have to be to shine through the clouds so that Santa can see
It got the Double Baltic joke lol
I still feel bad for all the wild life that eats those stray balloons that Carl cuts down. And don’t get me started on the helium wasted on those balloons.
A theory so ripe, I was wondering when you'd finally pick it.
OH-IO!!!!! Whoooooo Ohio is the best
Up has to be one of my favorite movies ever, thank you MatPat for posting a video on it <3
just be a lawyer already ?!!! your so good at this.
I'm from canton ohio!
Plz do a theory on venom 2
well? what if we use those meteorological balloons?
Jenna marbles used 72 round birthday balloons to make her 5 pound dog float.
This movie so sad ;<
Are we gonna have the balloons coming out of the house like the movie? If that's the case I doubt that many balloons will fit let alone ppl live in there too or not having them blow up.  Great episode tho
I feel your Cleveland pain, out of the last 84 games the browns have only won 18. (19 out of 85 if they win today)
2:21 Hold up... Did you just said... That South America is a different continent?
What about the military shooting down a “UFO”
Please do a episode on among us mat. (Possibly a theory on why there is an imposter other than "there just is.")
But what if he used Hydrogen?
I mean if you had a little shed with you inside than yes but not a house
Credit card they will never take me alive!
Why is Cleveland always doing dumb stuff??  WHY ARE WE LIKE THIS !
Mythbusters also tested this out and found that the balloons would deflate before you had enough to lift the house.
Always love your content, but the earth spins toward the east, otherwise the sun would seem to rise in the west and set in the east.
Film theory checkout im mary mary again since 3 months ago 2 videos were posted
All Carl has to do is do a couple of casino heists and he’ll have that money no problem
Can you please make more my hero theory videos!!
The math how much a house weighs has to be wrong, you mean a small house that mostly done in wood weighs as much as 136 Bmw 3 series! 136 midsize cars! Nope that’s not possible
?
The real question is how do you pluck a house out of the ground
I remember when matpat first announce this channel on game theory like feels like a decade ago and to see it rise has been awesome congratulations on 9 million
Does anyone feel like he's already made this video before?
Hey mat pat, can you make a theory/time line with the new Netflix original; Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous?                      Thanks,                          -Mr. TACOCAT
Wait matpat is 34!!!!
Awesome vid
fInAlLy
Cashier: so how many balloons do you want?   Carl: Yes   Edit: 715 likes!? I have never had this much thanks guys!
5 million dollars. Well mr beast better start saving UP
The other problem about that is the landing. How do you expect this house to land in one piece? When you will cut all the lines that connect the house to the balloons, it will explaud into pieces when it its the ground considering of hight in the sky it will be. :P
So... would Carl be able to still walk with the house on his back? I get that it's still being carried by the balloons, but the house itself is still thousands of pounds.
We can agree that Carl stole some of those balloons from the zoo, right?
the ultimate question: can Carl and Russel really hold the house while it's being lifted by balloons?
There's another problem. The balloons can't be attached to a single part of the house, because that part won't be able to withstand the weight of the house. Even if you attach all the balloons to different parts of the house, and somehow it manages to lift off the ground, it will probably break apart mid air.
Hey mat pat,I was wondering if you could do a theory about the now sonic movie, "can doctor Robotnics technology  exist" is you could that would be great, and i love your theories.
Hi matpat how are you I would love to see you make a theory on poler expres even if it means that you complete distory the move
The math is wrong, matpat did not add the weight of the snipe
Theory idea: a Night at the Museum theory talking about the extent and implications of the powers of Ahkmenrah's Tablet
Who said there wasn’t a deal for balloons or they stole the balloons and heluim
I always wondered how Carl could keep the filled balloon ready in his house. Where was he keeping them, and wouldn't the lift pick the house up right away and not just when he releases them?
Once I accidentally left a balloon and it flew away... I wonder where it is now   30 years later in Antarctica Sceintist: hey where did that Micky mouse balloon come from
Mat Pat look at dhmis on the amazing world of gum ball
I'm still wondering how the boy scout (I can't remember his name) didn't get reported for being missing
I loved the video matpat. You always bring a smile to my face, when you do these theories about almost anything. Really love it and plz keep doing that for a long time <3  ps. Could you maybe make a video on Coraline?
Carl works at a ballon cart he probably stole all the materials and set it up over time
what if ge got the money from that construction company  1. He is vacating the place indefinitely 2. Companies pay a huge amout to protect there investment(eg: it a multimillion doller multiplex or maybe they rich enough to get that house out the place) 3. What we see in the start is the construction company asking him when can they demolish the house which he wanna save as i his wifes memory 4. Since his wife died and his time is limited and with all thay money he is sitting on he tries make his & her's final wish come true  not a simple one but fits the "bill" ;)
everytime I hear the name david blaineI have to think of his south park episode with a plot that prominently featured mass suicide but was only hit with controversy because it contained the figure mohammad... ah, america
I was wondering when will you do  the movie up
not to mention the helium that will inevitably leak out of said balloons.
Cleveland and Akron gang where you at
Matpat, I might be understanding this wrong but at 08:17 you say the "subtropical jet stream (...) blows from West to East, opposite the direction the Earth is spinning". But doesn't the Earth rotate from West to East, i. e., the Sun rises in the East and sets in the West?
What about the fact that the ballons might rip the roof off of the house
What about the lorax and how the once-ler can be able to cut down every tree and still live.
I calculated this in English class one day because I was bored
Excuse me, but what was that anime MatPat referenced to at the start of the video?
mr beast should try it
Just wanna show my respects to mat for using normal metric units alongside with the imperial ones
You should do a theory about if Flint Lockwoods flintstafimitr could actually function in the real world.
I don’t think the military seeing an unknown flying object would let it stay in the air
So we’re not gonna talk about how the boy was kidnapped
I have an theory  Its about banana splits Theory: What if banana splits movie were controlled/posssed by u know who it is      Fnaf
Matpat can you make a theory about the movie home and how the bov could fit the human race in Australia
Mat here is an idea, you haven´t done an anime video for a long time so... do you know Demon Slayer? Ok, great, the theory is "Is it possible to breath in a certain way to boost your physical abiliities?" or "What is the right way to breath if you are gonna fight?"
MatPat, could you do a video about the Wuxi Finger Hold in the Kung Fu Panda movie?
Move Kiss the Ground.
What if Mr.Beast could do it
"under-appreciated futuristic anime".. lmao, that one hit hard.
There is one more question: Does Carl's house have enough surface area to tie the 31 million fishing nets?
Being from Cleveland......*siiiiiiiigh*..... At least it’s not Detroit.
Should have used weather balloons using party balloons is unreasonable because of their low lift capacity and easy popability, weather balloons are far more durable and therefore a far better option for intercontinental travel.  Another option for elevating the up house could be pulling a vacuum on part of the interior of the house to create lift.
THE REAL QUESTION IS, HOW DID HE FILL THE BALLOONS ON HIS OWN OVERNIGHT
This video almost has 100,000 likes o-o
that doesn't count for the helium to leak from the balloons which would mean you need to acquire more helium, a system to retrieve the deflated balloons. Since the helium in a normal party balloon would dissipate in less than 24 hours
There are many talking stupid animals
rich people: lets do- game theory: its gonna take u 10 years rich people: we have workers lol
I'm a relatively new streamer on twitch by the name 2001captainrex; recently someone has threatened to come to my house and attack my family, I don't know if this was just an internet troll (Hoping this is the case) or if it's really gonna be a threat, how do I deal with this, I can't just ignore it, please help.  The guy's name on Among Us and on Twitch is Raagerz.
Can u do a gravity Falls video
7:13 I know that reference 😏
There's a *what* in SLC?? I've lived there my whole life and never knew that.
Why are you asking I’ll try hard
Did you notice that he said "Double Baltic" when describing Cleveland?
so close to 300 videos great work
11:05 Eh, they can just exploit a few thousand underpaid workers to do it.
So......Carl could just hire some moving company to move his house oversea much quicker and cost much less.
MatPat: *Basically says a man fulfilling his deceased wife's childhood dream was impossible*   Also MatPat: "I hope these videos make you feel a little bit better."
I don't think money is the problem. He mighy have a great life insurance policy for Ellie🙄 in my opinion it's  time that is the kicker.
Glad we have the same love/relationship with Cleveland haha
“Even a Statue of Liberty 🗽 “ Me: Is that a challenge? 😈
I work at party city, so I have a question. What size of balloons are you using, cause we sell different sizes. If you use 24in balloons you would use less balloons. I assume your "standard balloon" is a 12in, but I am curious what it would be like to use a different size of ballon
6:45 how about 1,500,000×53.3333334=80,000,000 because that’s how much the real life up house would need because it’s bigger than the one in the movie much bigger. And just to clarify it actually only need 72 million 470 Thousand 1 foot wide helium balloons but that’s if it were to be sitting there which it isn’t so the other the other 3 Million 715 Thousand 1 foot wide helium balloons are to rip it from The ground and another 3 Million 715 Thousand 1 foot wide Balloons are there to account for all of the furniture and Carl himself just like we see in the movie up
Mat pat is the best
11:15   "Sorry to burst your balloon"    -MatPat
Matpat i know this is out of nowhere but if you could make another Good Place theory that would be awesome. The final season just go released on Netflix😭
Is john henry possible?
Mmmm yes science
Love this channel
Do a video on the age of barbie since she has two shows and a bunch of movies
Jeff Bezos could re-create up of he really wanted to
Why do you ruin everything i watch
Can you do Identity V theory
Look, I’m not very smart, nor athletic, nor wealthy. I’m basically a lonely loser. But I feel like what 2020 needs right now is all of us as a collective society banding together to lift a house with balloons.
should we tell mr beast about this.........because Im interested
Mat pat you should make a video on Tenet, see if its really possible to invert objects or people
U must be feel ashamed, being overreacting to a kids cartoon. Lol😴
You also didnt factor el nińo which if i remember correctly its a jets stream that switches every decade or so
In the movie Up 2 the old man dies and the boy scout creamates his ashes, rolls them up in a blunt and smokes them at paradise falls so the old man can get up forever. It's beautiful.
He said double Baltic noce
Petition so solve the lore of Joji's Nectar
Matpat?! Using the metric system?! When did this start and why didn't someone tell me
Matpat: do it yourself 2:25, for science  Me: straps a bunch of balloons to my house in hopes it will fly me to anime land (Japan)
New theory, old movie: When superman circumnavigates the globe to reverse the spin of the earth and therefore time, how fast would he need to go and what would be the consequences of such a projectile traveling through the atmosphere at that speed and obviously the reversed spin of the earth?
Film Theory: It would cost millions of dollars Mr Beast: Did someone say “balloon?”
Am I the only one that doesn't cry while watching up?
please please please review i am the pretty thing that live in the house on netflix
What about the tensile strength of the string? I doubt the force from the helium balloon could counter gravity pulling the house down without having to double+ up on the string for each balloon tie. Which is more weight coming down.
There is one other thing that stands in Carl's way that Matpat missed, if paradise falls is really based on angel falls, then they exist in Parque Nacional Canaima, or in english,  Canaima National Park. This means the falls are on protected land, and if Carl's plan had gone off without a hitch, he would have run afoul of the park rangers, and been hit with fines, most likely associated with littering (scrap wood, all the latex that would rain down on the park, the metal in the pipes of his home, etc.)  and trespassing on federal land, plus all the fines and sentencing of crossing country borders without permission.
2:23 Other continent??
You know I really love MatPat, but I really could do without trashtalking other people's video (around the 2:00 min mark)
can you please do a godzilla theory like can a nuke awaken a monster? or keizer ghidorahs origins?
Come again...? In wich direction does the earth spins?!!!!!
With that can't of costs, it would be more plausible and cheaper he straight up buys land and a Mansion atop Paradise Falls before trying to float his house with balloons there.
Yeah, not to mention Helium is a limited resource we're already wasting...
MrBeast signed around 60,000 hoodies, I think he will pull this off ez
Can you please do John wick as a theory why are people scared of him
Aaaaaaaaaand thats why she died
What anime is that? 1:14
My uncle was one of the 40 original employees of Pixar :)
Prediction: Next video is about sleeping beauty
Austin being referenced in the video is my favorite part.
Matpat can you make a video about skylanders a and i got one question what happened to stealth elf family
Now I want to know how many balloons it will take to life The Statue of Liberty
@elonmusk
Ever heard of lawn chair larry?
Ups ballons is a waste of hellium 😒
can you do a theory about the promised never land
So, I would like to see you do a theory where you determine if Rotti Largo is really the villain everyone believes him to be in Repo! The Genetic Opera.  I strongly suspect he may not be the bad guy he is portrayed as in the movie, especially considering how well you handled the Christmas Prince issue a while back
Hey I’m from Cleveland GO CLEVELAND
hearing matpat talk about the up house near slc is. so surreal. because i went there for the open house when i was a kid. that house is SO COOL. there's a secret attic that's accessed by a door behind a bookshelf. that's pretty much all i remember about it but that immediately qualifies it as Cool™
You will be able tomorrow and will have to send it yesterday tomorrow and tomorrow will have to come tomorrow
One thing you forgot......the birds
What's the anime he shows at the start?
Can you do a theory about what is itachi's(from naruto) disease and what was the cause of it
The real question is why didn't he just buy the plane ticket like with that much money you could bribe Elon musk to make teleportation machine
The real question is if MrBeast will attempt this one day
Well he did work as the ballon guy so technically he could have just stolen the helium and balloons over the years he was alone as he plotted to move the house cutting at least 3 mil from his total cost not great but better :)
That last bit was my point. By the time you finished inflating the last balloon the first would be disintigrated and empty
Why not call them queen Victoria houses?  They were from Victorian times.
I've been waiting for this one
Matpat do a vid telling how could the main villain in up feed the dogs
he should calculate it with weather balloons like everyone else
He will never be satisfied 🎵 Hamiliton anyone?
How is no one talking about how this dude was born in the 80s
The visual of that 1.5 million balloons at balloon fest was better than any CGI I've seen on any film. also I don't know the name of it but it's a balloon machine that blows up the balloons and ties them simultaneously 20-30 at a time. So IDK about ten years.
So are we just gonna ignore the fact that the house absolutely would fall apart in the process of lifting it?
I’ve been trapped in your house shaped box for weeks
I didn't want to laugh at the joke in the beginning xD
Hey MatPat, have you heard of University of Cinncinatti's CubeSat team, UC Cubecats? They did an intresting experiment in regards to the survivability of UP. Look for project Snowshoe. Hope it helps!
Matpat: The cost- Mr Beast: what did you say?
My guess was 99 Lift Balloons
the ballonfest and lawn chair larry with ballons i first see them in Qxir channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGHDQtN_vzFYJaq_Fx1eikg, its a good chanel to see this kind of wirds stories.
PLOT TWIST: He works for a balloon factory
God you sound like my math teacher show your work god I used a calculator darn it ether way love your vids
I feel like you should of done this already
You should do I video on promised never land
1:15 we think the same, that anime was mind blowing
Mr beast could do it
What if he sold the land underneath his house since that BnL wanted his land  Maybe he got enough money
you should post your videos on Spotify ( I just mean the audio not the video )
When your childhood is ruined yet again:  Man, that’s double Baltic.
I HAD  ASKED MATPAT TO DO THIS ON FACEBOOK YEARS AGO! IM SO HAPPY!
Hey Mat Pat you should a theory on wether the Grinch is Jack Skelington from Nightmare before Christmas
Hydrogen
Mat did you ad the houses furniture in the weight calculations
Make sure to take Ellie out of the weight calculation...
hey, mat pat remember that IST time you mentioned a new thing that WASNT food theory? let's do conspiracy theory make it happen!
can a knive cut thin fishing line? if my memory serve me right he cut the line of balloon with knive right?
Hey matt patt small oversight in your video isn't hydrogen lighter then helium? would reduce the number of balloons and possibly cost.
Am i the only one who thinks mat pat looks extremely like Brenton Thwaites from the titans series?
Well if you have a lot of people to help you then it will take at least a month or a couple weeks
So does the house weight provided include household objects?   Or would that amount of additional weight not significantly change the calculations?
If your rich enough to have money to waste like this i would have an army of people build it for me
Matpat do an episode where you calculate how much much money phineas and ferb. Spent during their summer
Hey matpat remember that video that you made 2 years ago about if Transformers were going to the real you said scientists were coming up with something and it would be ready by 2020 realize how it's 2020 right now just a video idea maybe you can make a video on it.😁😁😌
He should do a video on vampire diaries
I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE, TURN IT UP
we have gained .01 mil subs in the past day! yay!
Have you done a full theory for teachers pet?
But he didn't have to pay for the Blooms his job was selling them he probly got them from wherever he was employed so he promptly stolen actually
*Enough to carry an old man, a wilderness explorer to SOUTH AMERICA without being destroyed!!*
Matpat what if it was nitrogen which is lighter than helium and I know in the movie carl said that it was helium but what if he bought nitrogen and thought it was helium
Sandy from the movie grease was never saved??? she actually drowned and the whole movie is one long fantasy in the mind of a dieing girl???? Next week on film theory?????????
Hey matpst can you do a video on how to beat jigsaw from the saw franchise?
Buying a plane/helicopter would be cheaper
0:26 The way he just peeks around his shoulder though
I feel like one question that would still need to be asked is: will the house fall apart when lifted off the ground?
Please kick austin off your channel and make him get his own. Hes just using your popularity and your fans by tricking them to accidentally click his stupid videos to gain views for himself
For 5 million bucks, he could've just had the house moved and still have at least 4 million left over lol
I got a theory for you! How do new smurfs come about? If there is only one female smurf made by Gargamel, and the rest of the natural Smurf’s are male....how do we get new smurfs?!??
Hey Matpat if you theories on shows on YouTube could you do one on Bee and Puppycat. Just thought
MYTHBUSTERS DID IT.
No
Your 34 I thought he was 29 years old
Not to mention that balloons pop easily so he's gonna need extra balloons
I have a few questions: 1. How are we sure that these are regular party balloons? 2. How are we sure that all of said balloons are filled with helium, if any at all? 3. How are we sure that this grouchy old man didn't get a large life insurance payout from his wife's death that he refuses to use?
This is Something Mr.Beast would do
Oh my gosh I was just thinking about this! xD
I guess you could say Matpat will never be satisfied
So, you're saying....  If I had 5.1 million USD An industrial balloon filler And the world's supply of latex, helium, fishing line, and luck  I could make this happen?
I didn’t know Matt was from Ohio. We are a weird state with weird people.
Can you do a theory about meta runner by smg4
Hey matpet you can make a film theory of who is in the blue car with 3 wheels in Mr bean
I remembered Austin making a video on balloons from Animal Crossing ;)
Hey matpat I'm on my dad's but your videos help me so much because of you I can do so many things in school like I have improved so much because of you. So thank you for everything I tried to make this as short as possible so I don't waste your time 🙂
The cost for everything is no problem for Mr. Beast
MATPAT you should do an episode on the movie "Interstellar"
Matpat: Theoretically you could lift your house into the sky if you have 30 million spare balloons. Mr beast: Now this looks like a job for me.
Helium $1,178,170 Balloons $1,541,941 Fishing Line  $2,388,191  Flying your home to South America, incredibly lucky
Theory idea: how fast is metro mans super speed in mega mind?
There is also one more problem. The balloons are subject to diffusion. The reason why balloons don’t last that long when you release them in your house is that they diffuse from the pressures; outside air comes in, helium comes out. This would make the balloons more heavy and unable to do their job. Thank you for coming to my Ted talk.
Yea true, but in the movie, the house literally RIPS OUT THE GROUND. These balloons would gently lift him off the ground, so you would have to consider the force pushing the house down while calculating how much force you would need to lift it up. Also, you can't keep going up forever. In hot air balloons and other aerial balloon-like vehicles, there's always a method to reduce the amount of force pulling the object up so that it can float in midair, instead of flying all the way up into the sky where the lack of air pressure would burst the balloons. I said balloons waay too many times just now
Matpat the dark crystal age of resistance was cancelled now i'm sad disney should own it though i mean they own other Jim Henson creations
There's another problem other than the costs. Houses aren't built to withstand a pulling force, they're made to hold up against the pressure of it's own weight. Trying to pull it up from the roof would most likely result in a flying roof. The rest would just stay on the ground.
Matpat I will find and appreciate this anime you mentioned
You should really make a theory or explaining video about Tenet by Ch. Nolen. Please like if you agree.
That is the real question because pleasure is there, suffering is there, the whole movement of the mind is the known and it may project the unknown, theorize, but that is not a fact, so can there be freedom from the known?
Loved the Double Baltic reference. Been using it in normal conversations
Wait hear me out at the start of the movie when the people want to buy his house the guy said his boss will pay something REALLY good yes he gets taken to court and all that but they still probably bought the house so really the old guy just robbed the house and $5 million if he’s lucky 😂
What he forgot is that you need enough balloons to not only lift the house, but enough to break off the foundation of the house.
Always glad 2 hear from a fellow Ohioan.
Is it bad if i didn’t cry during this movie
Thank you for adding metric for rest of the world.
So.... how do you land?
8th grade Earth Science helped me understand this video a lot. Thanks Ms.Simowitz
The thing that annoys me about this theory, other than the fact that he ruins childhood memories because he just wants views (I know it’s his job lol), is the fact he didn’t even try to figure out what kind of balloons Carl was using
I was literally thinking about this yesterday like, “matpat should make a video about up” and he DID
Theory Idea: How long would Dr. Doofenshmirtz be in jail for his crimes?
Carl kept his promise to his wife to head to paradise falls he worked as balloon salesman as he took action as he stayed awake inflating thousands of balloons with helium tanks to get the house afloat to get there getting the house next to the falls.
I love his opening song, I don't know why😅
Mat: you are not a good friend. Also mat: yeeettt! Logic: Reeeeeeeeeeee
Sorry Mat, but the real problem is that the fireplace isn't going to be able to hold the house together, the fireplace is just going to fly into the air without the house.
Finally, After watching this video i can sleep as well
0p
Insert Cleveland Tourism Video Hear  https://youtu.be/gg86Enr2WZ8  Also as a Michigander I am sad to here your from the State which must not be named  Ohio state troopers will lowkey give people from Michigan tickets from farting while driving   But also here to remind everyone that Michigan got an upper peninsula and you got Toledo  https://youtu.be/ae_SxDnD2W4
1 minute in and your already made me happy by showing my fav anime ,thanks matpat
This is completely unrelated to the video,but I have always asked myself (for some reason) how much fish the people of Berk (httyd) would have to catch to feed and support all those dragons. I mean,if almost everyone on the island has a dragon,it's probably eating tons of fish a day. Would the Vikings even be able to feed themselves after they have fed the dragons?
6:35 oh, so my mom is a few months older than matpat, huh?
is anyone gonna comment on the fact that he attaches all the freaking ballons to his fireplace and no were else on the house.
"Leaving the unreal for the real," https://youtu.be/BKd2j0jUWCA
Another great video from a MatPat channel
He could have offset those costs for balloons with his job as a balloon salesman 🤷‍♂️
Day 3 of asking MatPat to do an owl house theory
Forgot to include tax
Do you consider the myth busters as mentors 🤔
That’s cool and all but don’t forget that bungee gum has both properties of rubber and gum
I watched Up again recently and I was actually thinking this... MatPat can read minds confirmed
Cleveland is the Double … of cites
A billion maybe
Love the video, been a fan for years (though I think my son Unsubscribed me, all good now though 😁) keep up the good work. Also, the new channel "Food theory" is great for teaching esl to kids over here in Russia. They love food as much as we do 😅.  Idea for the future, You should do a theory on how onlyfans is going to ruin youtube 😉
Do more anime theorys
I have a idea for you matt pat, there is a book named artimes fowl and at the bottom of every page in a code. I cannot be bothered to find out what the full code is but with your incredible mind I think that you would be able to find out what it is. There are 7 books in total and every one has a really long code. Please do a video on this I think it could be extraordinary. Thank you for reading film theory, goodbye my friend.
Can you do "The Promise Neverland" next.
O Man why did you say other continent... North America and South America are the same continent. I do not know why the vast majority of U.S. and Canadian citizens believe that they are two different continents. i like your videos but Man that was a mistake
sauce for the anime in the beginning
I gotta say, this channel's content is really staying...AFLOAT? (Listen this video was uploaded on my birthday I can make those jokes)
I can't watch up and not cry at that opening.
MATPAT PLEASE DO SOME MORE FILM THEORIES  ON JOJOS BIZARRE ADVENTURE I HAVE SO MANY IDEAS FOR YOU LIKE... Is Hamon Breathing a real thing?  Can stands exist, If so how can we awaken them or we just forgot how to?  Can You really survive against Jojo villans?  and did Araki actually forget?
He dies due to lack of oxygen and freezing temperatures   That’s it
I kinda thought this would be the type of video to try and prove if it can be done or not.
I was having a strong dejavu feeling in this video and I thought matpad already experimented with balloons and then I remembered Mr beast did it
Yet another movie ruined by theories and matpat  Thank you MatPat, very cool!
I am no expert but can you keep it at one height for all this time?
U just gave Elon musk a new idea
I wonder if film theory has made a theory about eddsworld- If soo is there a video of an eddsworld theory?
10:11 she had life insurance Matt
Plus all of the furniture, personal items, stuff that the house already came with and two people.
Do TENET!!!!
You forgot two questions Matt Pat 1. Being that how much time it would take to get to the falls and that balloons don't last long
Something that was always weird to me was that Carl attached all his balloons to the grate of his fireplace
10/10 intro
Shout out to us northeast ohio bois and gals
Not a trick.
Yeah, I can buy the science behind the theory of lifting your house into the sky, with helium filled balloons, except for a couple of issues.  First, where on your house would you tie all those balloons to get it to lift the entire structure without ripping it apart. A house, is not built from a single piece of material, at least no houses I've ever heard of, they're built using thousands of individual pieces of material connected together. If the balloons have enough force to lift the house, wouldn't they also have enough force to pull it apart? Secondly, what about the balloons themselves, if you've ever observed a helium balloon after a few days, they don't rise as high as they did when they were new. I think, its because the helium leaks out of it, probably through the knot, or even from the expanded material of the latex - I mean, it does go from opaque to translucent as it's inflated - and as the helium atoms leak, the oxygen forces it back down to earth. And, let's look at the material itself, latex is really easy to acquire a static charge, just look at the balloon trick. A few passes over a fuzzy surface and it clings to your hair, imagine the charge that air molecules would induce when they pass around the balloons, talk about becoming a target for lightning.
But Carl sells balloons, so he could have just taken it
I wonder if he did the math for how much it would be over time? LIke with inflation adjustments. Might be easier if one speared it out over a  longer period
when he said underappreciated fururistic anime i thought he meant sao
3:05 You use oxygen to show air but air is 70% nitrogen and only 14% oxygen. Why?
Not to mention that the balloons would continue to deflate even as you're inflating the next ones, so unless you had a whole lot of people to help you, you'd never be able to get 31 million balloons inflated at the same time.
Millions and millions and millions and millions.
Can you do a theory about Thomas and the magic railroad that how that can move be them self’s
Additional problem that wasn’t brought up: space. Balloons take up physical space and the assumption that 50 feet of string would be enough makes the assumption that all 31 million balloons can fit within a 50-foot radius of the house. It is possible that after a certain weight, balloons would simply be unable to lift an object simply because the weight of anything attaching them to the balloon would offset the lift from the balloon.
Finally you did this
If the balloons are strong enough to rip the house off it’s foundations, wouldn’t it just take the roof? Unless the house is really sturdy, and/or the foundations are surprisingly weak. The foundations would need to be the weakest part of the house for that to happen.
Can you guys make a bananna splits movie episode its a fnaf knock off but still theres lore.
Please don't encourage using balloons, as these are difficult to manage as waste.
Please don't encourage using balloons, as these are difficult to manage as waste.
Spoilers, yeah sure after 11 YEARS!
It’s a kids movie
He took this up theory right down to business
How can the wires lift a house
So what you're saying is that Bezos can accomplish this feat in a few weeks and then we have floating fulfillment centers?
Creators of up: this is the how many Film theory : yeah but I like this
Queen Anne (1702) style house is basically a Victorian house ( 1901) no margine for error eh?
I wouldn't want to burst your bubble but birds definitely would......  :(
Carl basically stole the balloons from his work he even said so in the movie
The foundation is ripped off so that save a lot of weight
I swear this question has been asked since this movie came out
That's impossible!
Ur from Ohio!!! Omg, me too!
You’ve been saying Double Baltic more often since you made the McDonalds Monopoly theory lol
“Ruining childhoods since 2011” *seems legit*
The real question no ones asking is if the floors are strong enough to not fall off
LMAO, Billionaires can just pay millions of people to inflate and tie the balloons for them and with that, it won't take 10 years :D
The anime he showed at 1.17 was horizon on the middle of nowhere
Wow
Hey this is an idea that popped into my head but this depends on if you have watched Tokyo Ghoul and Demon Slayer, what is better being a ghoul or a demon?
i watch up so many time i cant no longer cry. pls send help
What is that anime really early on in the video? I feel like I recall some of the characters, and I put it on a list to watch, but idk which it is. There's a name there, but my eyes aren't great enough to read it properly.
What is you b day matt
Guys, don’t bother. Matpat doesn’t read comments.
Great science however your forgetting this is a cartoon. A Pixar cartoon where science doesn’t really apply.
look i think you can put maybe about 500.000 Balloons or 1.000.000 Balloons attach to house maybe that'll work
The answer is at least 2
0:15 i see what you did there
I really wanted to watch UP and then we got Disney+ so i could but after 10 min i just could carry on because i was to emitional. real life problems
Plus the weight  of his stuff in his house
I have a theory for you. I have recently watched Enola holmes and I was wondering would knight armour protect you from a shotgun??
Im just waiting for Wall-E 2
MatPat the cost does not matter HE WORKS AT A Balloon cart.....
For the person who ruins movies shows and cartoons   It took him awhile to do this,I wonder
Imagine elon musk watching this video and saying, " No matpat, just you watch, I'm gonna prove you wrong. "
Another question what happens if the balloons pop
Mythbusters would be proud. They tested this once... to lift a little girl and it was truly impressive.
what about the string???? shouldn't it snap?
what the... i just watched up last night
Wait if you have enough balloons, can you lift a tank?
TENET IS SO GOOD WATCH IT
Can you do an episode for The promise never land
plot twist: carl actually died inside his house, and the boy (sorry i forgot his name) represents the angel that will take carl to heaven, the flying house represents the stairway to heaven, and the waterfall represents heaven, where carl can be happy again.
I hope you're still sending food to Austin's room in the basement...
But buoyancy works differently in the movie.  You see several  heavy objects lifted by a small number of balloons.
Excellent video, as usual!!! Please watch Bagas NS music channel-  you wil love it
This feels like a classic theory
who ever disliked thinks the earth is flat
When there are more balloons than pixels
Hey Matpat! Go to the YouTube channel called Battington and watch the VHS tapes. I’ve seen reoccurring characters in different videos and think there might be some sort of timeline! Can you make a video about it? Btw love ya, Pat! ❤️
My real question is how did they contain the balloons under a tarp when he goes to lift off
Please do a umbrella academy theory!!!!
Matpat don't forget about the superhelium
It would take ten years of nonstop balloon making for ONE person. However, if you've got a team of 1'000 people you cut that down to a little over a month. If some billionaire did this he could afford to pay people to do that.
Good Video Matpat
one word... hyrdogen
Hey mat pat! You should do a theory on that 70s show!
Matpat: It cost 5 million dollars to lift your house up Elon Musk: ok
the legendary *"double baltic"* has made its appearance on film theory
First question that came to my mind was how do you land this thing? 🤔
Is it just me or we are not considering hydrogen yet?
Mr. Beast. Get to it.
Shoutout to all of you guys who knows what he means by the "Double Baltic" of cities from FT.
Two things MatPat didn’t consider: the static electric sparks resulting from that much squeezing would certainly start popping the balloons after a certain amount of time. To get through the right currents to Venezuela would take an inordinate amount of time. How do you safely land with a structure like this? I guess you could pop the balloons one by one, but you’d have to start from the bottom and work yourself up, unless you have a way to get to the top without suffocating within the balloon cloud. Or you could mass release chunks of the balloons risking an unexpected tilt or drop.
Why I can’t believe he talking so fast explain facts movie 🍿 and cartoon I just can’t believe all so he did not save he Breath when did not stop 🛑 talking he brave I would not even do that if I was  Explain facts I will get of breath and bring my breath back Explain facts fast is so hard
I wanna see the calculation on how much money it would take to, burn a hole in your pockett.
You forgot to add the Boy Scout and the old man’s weight
elon musk! get on it!
Actually. That would have 100,000,000,000,000 Balloons to float a house.
MatPat: "a little carried away" Me: is this supposed to be a pun or no?  Edit: thx so much for 84 likes!!!!!!!
Make a theory about angry birds terance
Why this guy so frantic. Gotta watch at .75 speed to sound normal lmao
I just have 2 more practical questions. 1. how would the house be able to fit the 31 million balloons? And 2 what would all of the balloons need to be attached to without losing the rest of the house?
I haven't heard this voice in so long
Thus, I didn't understand anything.  Mathematically.
I cannot express how much I appreciate you mentioning both the imperial and the metric systems in your maths <3
I’m from SLC, and whenever I see the up house I’m like, hey it’s that house that I go by to get to the store
MatPat: Hey so you guys have the answer right? Disney: ...
Gravity falls or paradise falls?
Can you do a theory on harmony and horror?
。　　　　　　ﾟ　　　.　　　　　. ,　　　　.　 .　　 .. 　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　.　　 。　 ඞ 。　 . • . Film Theorists was The Imposter.　 。　. 　 　　。　　　　　　ﾟ　　　.　　　　　. ,　　　　.　 .　　 .
what if carl sold his land for 6 million before he left to a diffrent guy before he enacted his plan and paid for people to help him install the balloons?
#TIL MatPat was also born in Cleveland. Very cool.
Oh my gosh, congrats on the milestone! It would be AWESOME if you guys reached that diamond play button!
The figure of how much that house weighs is way off.  No way that house weighs over a half a million pounds.
doesn't even mention that the balloons would pop each other with a ton of pressure if there were enough to lift a house attached to one point :|
I want a 'BEAN THEORY'!!!!!!!
ITS FOUR AM AND IM WATCHING A VIDEO ABOUT A FLOATING HOUSE AND A OLD FRIGGIN MAN AND A BOOOOOOY SCOOOOUUUUTTTT
0:56 I snorted, just wasn’t expecting that one 😂😂😂
Never do a dragon ball episode on this chanel
What about hydrogen? It is lighter, can be separated from water, and would be easier to obtain; of course, it might Hendenberg on Carl but what a way to go!
Last night I watched field of dreams, 5 star rating so heartbreaking and moving, highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!
You could cut the time in half if you have 2 people filling up a balloon at a time
Looks like Elon is gonna be in a flying house in about ten years.
This video is  Read more
this was trending in india
Mr Beast needs to watch this video.
WE NEED MR BEAST ASAP
Mat pat should do an episode on the Murphy’s law show. :)
UP gets criticized by this Also UP shows jets under the house
Matpat, would you do an episode on Dexter Morgan's mental state throughout the show Dexter and tell us what he could be suffering from?
Wouldn't the friction between each balloon cause each one to pop
For a spooktober type thing you should theorize on one of the anaconda movies
one thing he forgot is that they would need to release a heck lot of balloons to even land anywhere
Make camp cretaceous video or else
I can't wait for matpat's video about the *exact* number of universes there are
I love you
Guess I have to go spend my surplus of $5,000,000 on a bunch of helium balloons.
1. Not annoying Boy Scout  2. The BEST talking SQUIRL. The best talking dog 3. U forgot about Kevin!!
meme
Ohio is the blackhole of the US.
You forgot About the furniture
0:17 Carried away          ...
Also, you can't forget the static from the balloons in the storm. Lightning would blow that house out of the sky.
Wouldn't most of the fishing line just break or untie from the weight of an entire house
The movie “Up” is utter bullshit I tied 520,000 balloons to my house and my wife didn’t die
What is that anime?!
I hate that I actually watched Les glaneurs et la glaneuse in my French class 😂😭
Matpat and theory team: you guys are actually awesome and all of your content is interesting even if the subject isn't something I'm interested in. Food theory, game theory, film theory are all top fuckin tier. I was genuinely having an awful day and the fact that I'm able to get on the internet and watch some fun, distracting stuff FOR FREE, Im genuinely grateful. Thank you guys for doing what you do.
I'm not much of a thinker, I usually watch these without asking questions but I noticed something obvious matt missed  Yes that many balloons may be able to loft his house but can the fishing lines hold the weight
What about the force needed to break apart from all the plumbing, electric and gas systems?
heyyyyy same age. woooo neat.
You missed a statistic dun dun duuunn. The balloon that made it to Australia was only carrying a letter, essentially unladen. All of the balloons carrying Carls house are laden. what is the inflated life expectancy of a standard kids party balloon filled with helium, and yes helium atoms leak 'through' the latex balloons. Would the balloons have made it to swallow falls at all?
Me: I gotta go to bed early to wake up early Also me at 12: Yeah I got time.
When the video starts pennywise: I'll take it from here
But what if they used a gas other than helium, one that was lighter?
I'm so disappointed that he didn't do what I was hoping (and what was, for me when I first watched the movie, what allowed me to suspend my disbelief), which is analyzing the lift of balloons _in the movie's universe._ During that opening montage, we see Carl working with a cart that has several balloons tied to it, and when he's not actively holding it down, it starts to float away. That means that, in the world of Up, helium balloons have MUCH more lift than they do here. I was hoping his first step would be to count the number of balloons in that scene, divide it by the average weight of a street cart, and use _that_ number for how much a balloon could lift.  Sigh. Oh well.
i cant wait for new dhmis
Hey MatPat when are you going to make part 3 of  the Hi I'm MarryMarry
Hey there MatPat, so I have a 8 month old daughter and she like my daughter before her really likes Yo Gabba Gabba the show from Nick way back when. To the point the story of how DJ Lance Rock came to be in Gabba land seems a little ripe for me (an apprentice theorist). Just pointing a more seasoned veteran on a trail that has been slowly building as my children grow up. Never know, thanks for reading this btw long time fan here clearly, when I started I had no children.... Wow 🥺
i am surprised that this just only came out instead of earlier
Well, the balloons would've burst from air pressure right?
the secret ingredint is crime
Please make a video about the owl house! It has alot of mysteries and we are waiting for season 2. And other people are thinking that its related to gravity falls (like eda knows stan)
house of balloons
Anyone else skip that piercing Intro?..
real crazy question for u: What’s the man in the yellow hat in curious george real name?
Turns out it's probably cheaper to transport your house by road then bribe some country's army to lift sections of it the final stretch by helicopter.
I love that movie 👌
Your numbers are off, you didn't take into account the weight of the two people inside the house when it's flying or that while you might need that many baloons to even lift the house it's not the same number needed to lift it all the way up in the sky!
Lookin at old animation. What about Secret Saturdays? Feels like a field day.
Hi mat pat i really appreciate your work but pls can you do how beyblades have spirits! PLEASEEEEE........BYE!
"the hit sequal to up"    *d o w n*
I could not last 5 min during that scene
Not only money but food 9:50
The best trick is the part where the amateur balloonists get quickly fined by civil aviation authorities!
I know it’s not what he did but you could tire multiple balloons to one fishing line
What's the tldw answer?  Edit-5.1 billion dollars worth of balloons
Oof
To "other continent"...
The funny/sad thing is that there were supposed to be 2 million balloons at that event! Don't tell me we can't set a river on fire!
Depending on if your Homeless or not.
Really...It took you this long to come up with this video.
*Hey ... to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
If you see this comment you are now obligated by law to subscribe to film theory
Blaine stunt seemed cool until I learned a guy did this same stunt in the 80s sitting in a folding lawn chair. No crew, no AAA clearance, no harness or air tanks. Made Blaine's stunt seem pedestrian.
Wait, wait, wait, carl isn't a boomer is he?
I have been to the up house in Utah.
If you were really rich, you could employ like 1000 people to blow them up faster
What really makes me think this is completely impossible isn't even the cost or the time to inflate the balloons, or if it can travel al the way to another continent, but at a more fundamental level, the mere concept of lifting a house with balloons... how are you going to keep the house from falling apart? The moment you start lifting it, I'm pretty sure it would just dismantle. Houses weren't built with the idea of holding their weight from the top... I'm peaty sure its actually the exact opposite. If the foundation and gravity aren't keeping the house together, then what is?
Mr Beast: are you challenging me?
You are an insane genius! I love it!
In the movie do u remember the part where thay work in the zoo ya thats where they got their ballons
Yeah,,,interesting But I don't care coz I absolutely adore this film😘
Lifting a house with people is impossible and dangerous.Eben though the house will get up when there is enough balloons ,but flying helium cant stay afloat for an hour.They will lose air overtime and start to weigh less.A hoise with pepple amd furniture is imppssible because it's to heavy.The balloon strings will most likely go loose and make the house drop.Cliffs and pointy tops will make some of the balloon pop.In the movie,we know that carl used to be a balloon maker.The gas tank cost expensive like you said.So an old man like carl can't get that much money because he is probably retired.And the chances of a wise old man wastes money to make his house float is inlikely.
Matt Its magic it doesn’t need to make sense
Alvaston is not far from here, it's near Elvaston and yes they are pronounced the same way.
The dude has been through enough let him have this matpat
Anybody else notice the despicable me music at 8:00?
Woah
Lift the Titanic? If possible should we?
10:33 yeah mrbeast can do it
How fast would I half to flap my arms to fly
Dear Matpat,      I have enjoyed watching your videos for the last few years, and I have a request for you.      The anime series known as Promised Neverland has a second season coming out sometime       January 2021, and I would love it if you would look into the series and try a theory before the second      season comes out.  Sincerely,   - A Gracious Fan  p.s. please like this comment if you are also interested in Matpat doing something with Promised Neverland!
When you realize he's finally now making this video after like years and years
I love this, you forgot 2 factors, one the extra furniture and people and most importantly the base of a basic fireplace would not be able to support that much fishing line and that much weight, this was a great vid btw.
https://youtu.be/QwzvNAAqH3g  you're all welcome
And then what's next after you're at the top of the falls? How are you going to live life?
I will point out that he calculated the amount of fishing line per balloon at the same length for all of them even though the lines would need to get longer and longer as everything clustered up, meaning the weight would go up, meaning the amount of balloons needed would go up, needing more fishing line too, plus the additional weight of the balloons etc etc, and the cost of it all would go up too.....
Umm any one esle think about how he lituraly pulled the house out of the ground you realize that's another problem
couldn't rich billionaires hire like 10000 people to tie the balloons
I love how game theory has had so many new intros but the film theory intro hasn’t been changed at all to symbolize the fact that games are constantly getting better but movies have not
Hey Matpat,  do you think that you could do a theory on Tom and Jerry?
makes me wish i could subscribe more than once
I have a theory. Would Mista from jojo's part 5 have survived all the times he was hurt, or more specifically if you want to make it short, in his fight with ghiaccio. I mean he took from what I counted 19 shots in the body in that fight, 1 being square in the forehead, could he have really survived?
You think gold and petroleum are hot commodities check out what's happening to the world's helium supply!
Mr. Beast: Hold my non alcoholic beer.
bro i was gonna ask you to do a video like this a weak ago but guess you already did
Oh I have always loved UP
One problem with this... the entire house would be covered with fishing line, the house wouldn't even be visible with all the string in the way, wouldn't it?
and how long would it even take to get there?
You literally just need to look up "how much does a house weigh" and "how many lbs can a balloon lift"
what about the food? u forgot that.
stop hoarding all the Earth's supply of helium! GRRR greedy! lol
What if they use 8 million people to fill and tie the balloons?
nice double baltic refrence
It whould actually take more balloons because if that caulation was of a empty house. Then you think about how much more power are added to the equation. because he hade funecher in the house. and the added wate of all the people and the dog and bird at the end of the move. That would add a lot more wate to the house. Edit: I did NOT disprove it. I'm gust saying their would by more balloons in a house with things in it.
i love when he says "double balteck" or however its spelled
I don't know if this would change anything but what the price of ballon cost before when Carl and Ellie were together.
Boy Scouts let’s be honest, we wouldn’t pay attention to a skydiving lesson at a meeting...
The real question is where Carl was storing the balloons
(0:54) Man, Mickey has seen some f***ed s**t.
Ah, finally...the good old original intro
ha the double baltic of cities
Carl had nothing to lose you fool.
Well yes, but actually no
Having grown up in Utah, I'm not even a little surprised someone built the Up house 😂
Been a long time since I saw that intro
Who else remembers ''I wonder what we could do with UP''
Well what if they had like 10,000 people paid to tie these balloons? 👀
You should do an theroy on tom and jerry
My answer: It would take 1 billion balloons to lift a house.
Do a my hero academia theory please
up is literally my favorite childhood movie
This movie was great but this is a good question
You should do fairly odd parents. They have SOOO many dark theories 😂
Matpat: I couldn’t even make it past the first 10 minutes of the movie before I had to stop because I was dehydrated from crying. Me who hasn’t cried once while watching Up: Oh crap.
@Mrbeast you know what to do
Ah ah ah I’m here I’m here
NEED MORE FNAF THERORIES PLEASE
My parents after I get into college as they float away in the balloon house: "SO LONG BOY! WE'LL SEND YOU A POSTCARD FROM PARADISE FALLS!"
matpat could make me believe i was a cellphone.
Still waiting for a video of what you have to say about "Inside Out"
Day 2 of asking MatPat to do an Owl House theory
https://youtu.be/f1jB62twSkE
Me: reads title Also me: i dont need sleep, i need answers
How about food
Wait, that replica has been near me so close for so long, AND I HAVEN'T SEEN IT?!?!?
Do a theory on Russell as a guardian angel and having the old man in pugutory
Oh boi here goes matpat making good theories again
This is actually a question I have been asking since I watched the movie when I was a kid lol
Mat can the baloons rip the roof of the house?
@BigBoss did a great video on that Cleveland ballonfest
I am not first :/
10:48 matpat: thats a lot of money              Mr.beast: “im giving away 6 million dollars to who ever stays in the floating house the longest!”
*BEST VOCAL & VIDEO EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR8Mrt1IpXg
I'll be honest; when I saw this topic I thought, "Oh!  I'm surprised he didn't do a video on this sooner.  It is just RIPE for theorizing!  ;)
Man the double Baltic joke almost flew over my head but I also watch food theory. FOOD THEORY GAMG RISE UP
This could just be my ears or my laptop's speaker but is anyone else hearing like a mores code or something in this vid especially around 9:30 time?
Instead of helium. What if he used hydrogen?
So Cleveland set 3 tons of rubber balloons free to help pollute the planet? Loool idiots
Mr beast could do it
Apparently, we are running low in Helium.https://www.npr.org/2019/11/01/775554343/the-world-is-constantly-running-out-of-helium-heres-why-it-matters
Happy B-day Mama Mary of Manoag Church. Swerte Daw and Taong Makakabasa Nito Kaya Pinasahan Kita Tulungan Mo Kami Na Malutas Ang Aming Problema Bukas Andyan Na Good News. (Sabihin ang kahilingan) Sacrifice Wag Mo'tong Buburahin Hangan't Hindi Mo Naipapasa Sa 25 Na Mahal Mo Sa Buhay Eros Mi Dios De Patri Spirito Sancti. After You Send This. Tomorrow When You Wake Up You Will Receive A Good News - Forward pls.
Hey, I like to see if you can make a theory for glitch techs!
Wait, double Baltic was already in the episode?  Always has been.
Idea: what if the balloons were actually filled with Hydrogen, Hydrogen is more buoyant and cheap the helium, maybe that could work. Although hydrogen is pretty flammable so I guess the lightning from the thunderstorm might put an end to that.
My next question. Where does he get the funds to do all this?
Are we considering what the house contains as well?
Theory: J jonah jameson is actually spiderman that was sent there from something happening. He always tries to protect spiderman, which doesn't make sense. He pushes spiderman to do better But hey, what do I know?
boyscouts: the difference between a weird bungee jump nobody asked you to do and omg the up trick!
I already know MatPats son will carry on his fathers Legacy and destroy more of our childhoods.
Wow, you did too much.
So your telling me it’s possible
I legit googled this a day before it's release, matpat are you stalking your fans
I live in Cleveland and yea I agree with what he said 😂
Do the movie... any movie mabey a nother cars finding the track for cars 4
I didn’t feel sad while watching it...and I didn’t cry during end game
He said "double Baltic" around 7:10, watch the Food Theory about the McDonald's Monopoly game to hear about that.
I’m I the only one who has never cried during that opening scene
Bill nye: Teach me your ways.
Food Theory's intro is so much better than Film Theory's, that it makes me yearn for a new one.
me who never cried at the first 10 minutes of up: *i dont have such weakness*
I always look forward to weekly videos from film theory
I read about this in school today I don't know how many balloons he used to fly but he did have a lot of help
Yesterday I watched the movie with my niece and asked myself. When is Matpat gonna make a video about this
thank you for showing us the measurments in kilograms and metres   it makes so much more sense and my brain doesn't tune it out
What is so depressing about the beginning of Up? It's not that sad!
I think he had leftover supplies from his balloon job. Still shouldn't be enough, but just though I should point that out.
Matpat I love you and I’m never bored when watching you’re videos. Not only are so entertaining but I always learn something 💖
You’re my little needle of happy. Not sad. :)
He could probably pay to keep his house if he had all that money.
And then theres Jacksonville, Florida
What if he used the weather balloons
nope zero just get hulk
So he is secretly a billionaire just like Joker.
food theory people will know double baltic
Hey MatPat ever think of doing a Maze Runner theory? Maybe a theory about the ‘flare’ cure the same way you did the theory on Ellie being the cure in The Last of Us
Wouldn't that figure of 31 million balloons only break even in lift weight? So the house would just be levitating and not actually ascend? Also a good percentage of the balloons will be lost or lose helium on the way so you'll likely need double the amount of balloons to make the trip.
As an Ohioan, I can verify that Cleveland is indeed the Double Baltic (TM) of cities.
I don't think you understand. When I say I want all your balloons, I don't mean a lot of balloons. I mean all your balloons.  - Ron Swanson
Come on it's in Herriman not Salt Lake, that a difference of 27 miles by car.
Never thought i will see this
Where do you attach the ballons?
Congratulations I freaking love this channel
Also, a little side-note: that is NOT a good love story, it's actually *TERRIBLE !* The young girl was adventurous, she could have achieved everything in her life! But she WASTED it with a loser who helded her in the same place till her death! And insult to injury: AFTER she dies, he shows how fucking easy would have been to reach the place of her dreams and having a lot of adventures during the trip... when he's so old he can barely walk! She was born to be any generic animated movie's main character, but she picked a guy that transformed her life into a generic boring real life experience. And then toke her role, after her death.
Film Theories: Let's just forget how powerful balloons can actually be sometimes, and be confused how that works :D
One thing I always wondered about. The movie shows Carl's balloon stand almost floating away at the zoo. Helium tanks are pretty heavy so if we assume the cart weighs at least 100lbs and there are about 50 balloons attatched the math come out to a lift of 908 grams per balloon, or 100x better than reality.   Take that as a gimme and see if logic holds around it. Needing only 1/100 the supplies means it would only cost $51k in supplies and take about a month to inflate the balloons(or assemble a setup to inflate them all at once)
Who always got bad grades in school because you didn’t show your work? I definitely have.
Well what if he used hydrogen balloons then he would still need a lot but wouldn't be as many and I'm pretty sure its cheaper too, and if you say that hydrogen is more reactive then helium its true but other than the thunder storm scene the house doesn't interact with much. And one last thing they never explicitly say (or I don't think so anyways) that he uses helium. Sorry for any bad grammar or anything like that I'm not the best at typing out sentences.
what about good old Hydrogen
Can you plsss make a gumball theory
You could have also mentioned that helium is running low due to how much has been used in balloons over decades. The reason why the price is so low is because they know if they raised it people wouldn't pay for it but they will end up running out rather soon if they keep up the same consumption that we use now.
10:48 Pokémon red and blue font!
Matt makes me feel like I'm in school but better
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
matthew patrick watch i’m thinking of things please 🥺🥺🥺🥺 i would love an explanation of that movie
I could have sworn that this was from a week ago
How would the fishing line not snap whith the houses wait or destroy the chimney whith the pull the line would make going out to the sides
The time it will consume to fill the balloons, pops the balloon of your imagination 🤣
I love how he just barely references how broken the youtube algorithm is.
At that cost, just, like, walk or something
Balloons ran out of air quickly you know? It means if the house does not go to paradise falls, it will fall from the sky.
Why is there even a dislike button on Matt’s vids  he doesn’t deserve hate, he literally takes sleepless nights just for our entertainment
Been waiting for this
Hey Austin I remember him from game theory
RANGO!!!!        ... Plz
Let's Do it 😂
O-O o-o i’m EYES
what about the furniture
Mat can you do more my hero theories? I'd love to see that :) if you need some I have a question, would it really be possible for people like endeavour and dabi to produce mass amounts of fire from their fingertips? Love ya!
I want to see a film theory on how Ben hargreeves died in The Umbrella Academy
Mandela effect... hasn’t he already done this..
YouTube is getting real comfortable with these double no skip ads , imma cry in the corner
I'm way too high  for this.
Matpat actually missed information. time
If passed Gamora is now in the present at the end of Endgame does that mess with the hole timeline.
Hey Matpat! Can you please do a film theory on Coraline? I want to know your thoughts and the dark(er) secrets behind the movie! I love all your theories btw, your my favourite nerd ever! Thanks :)
Its probably easier and cost effective to just by a plane ticket and  get a permit and make the house in South America. Although Im not sure if people are allowed to build on top of the falls
Oi like your funny words science man
Ksksksksksksksksksks
(This is my testimony of how I joined the illiminati brotherhood )Thanks to the great light I follow, and thanks to Illuminati agent! Mr Mike for helping me join the Illuminati, I hope to see the downfall of tyrants and judgement that will be meated on predators. I will always be in a look out for signs of the hidden hand of guidance that is always watching out for me, after all the humiliation and suffering I have been through, I still got a helping hand by the Illuminati, most especially Mr mike for making me who I am today, I and my family are very happy and grateful for all the help Illuminati have rendered to us, both physically, materially and Financially, we really appreciate, I'll forever be grateful to the Illuminati, may the Illuminati guide and lighten up my path, and that of my family's .This why I'm sharing my testimony openly so that other people who are in need of help in different ways can also get help, I want y'all to know that a day is coming when all your problems will be solved, have faith and always believe in yourself. So If you are interested to be rich, powerful, influencer kindly reach out to Mr Mike on WhatsApp +1(682)302-4690. Email illuminatifortheworld223@gmail.com My loyalty remain forever..
And I Oop
Ok I think I have solved the mystery of the fourth theory channel it is *drum roll* gtlive i think at least
Assess xXxX
Ah yes but what are you gonna fucking do if the Balloons pop? You prob gon get popped too when it hits the ground.
Can you make a maze runner episode like is it even possible to make the maze
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures.  If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead you will be saved. Please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
Ok... Ok. Maybe I'm a man with an ice heart, but I think people overblow how sad Up's intro is. I've watched it multiple times and I've not cried, it makes me sad, but not to the crying point. Meanwhile... There are other things that have made me cry. Like many scenes in FMA:B for example...
Wasn't matpat killed by some CH bloke ?
How many houses would it take to lift a balloon?
MP: There is one other problem to consider Me: Tensile strength of the material fastening the balloons to the house MP: cost.  Me: oh yeah, and that he can’t breathe
That is the Spelunky music in the background, right?
What if Carl used hydrogen instead of helium.
Currently I’m watching Surf’s up and I have a question that could lead to a theory. What are the cameramen, like what species are they?
you forgot about where they were attached to, is that possible?
Wait when did he add the intro again.  Hold on this is film theorists. Whoops
6.7m balloons at 1077sq ft
Wow that’s hard math
Wouldn't the balloons rip the metal thing out of his fire place before it lifted the house off the foundations or the strings just snap
School can wait
Anyone else notice that, according to the quote that matpat showed on screen at 3:31 , said the house was 1,800 Sq ft. Yet he used the irl equivalent that was 2,800 sq ft. And that house might be bigger so it could be actually lived in, we never do see the whole of the house in the movie.
should have bought a plane
Do you think you'll be able to explain SCPs using science?
Well, the cost could be explained if he won the lottery after she died, but it is unlikely.
Why is Austin over on game theory doing stuff?
Twist plot:Carl had a senior discount.
Somebody stop him
Oxygen Level?
No! If you land with a boy scout after offering up balloons then you're going to facing charges.
What if they made a live action up
This why cartoon logic exists in the first place. Or As something what we like to call Plot Connivence.
If you are reading this comment:  💕BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000💕🏠🏠🏠🏠🏠🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈✨✨✨✨💫💫💫💫💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞
YYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHGHGHHH CLEVELAND!!!🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Is no one esle talking about all the ominous stuff going on? Its super cool!
A few unanswered questions for those who are interested in such things: How does he replace the inevitable popped balloons? Do the balloons simply break the fishing line before they lift the house? How does the structure of the house withstand being lifted by a single point? Is the weight of the furniture and people included in the calculations? How does he control how high he's lifted (i. e., a decent cruising height, but not so high that the balloons all burst and let him fall to the ground)? And last but not least: What on earth does he do with that many balloons when he's done with them?
An answer to a question asked 11 years ago that's since been covered hundreds of times. Quality video.
Minecraft theory: would a strider actually be able to walk on lava?
I live in Salt Lake and I really really want to go see the Up house
can all thos balloons come out the chimney
Shouts out to my city for that balloon footage!
Wouldn’t the balloons in the middle pop since they’re all tied to the same point and the force of them going up would also put a lot of force on the balloons in the middle?
As much effort as it takes for Pete Doctor to pdirect the worst movie in all of Pixar, that's how many balloons.
Something else: Carl is old, would the air pressure at that height hurt him?
david blaine is such a hack now.... since when is skydiving a magic trick?
It took you this long to make this video if been waiting for a LONG time and its finally here
I think the real question is why would you do that you letterly just ruined a house you could sell for money and i know no millionaires of billionaires are gonna waist their tine on that
Who thinks he should do real steel
MatPat you just validated 5th grade me so much. The possibility of flying the UP house was my science fair project. And pretty much came to the same conclusion. Yes balloons lift things but the real problem was going to be the effort put in. I did my own measurements of lift. But I also included time. I remember making the lady filling the balloons feel awkward timing her. I dont remember my actual numbers, sorry. But this video really made me happy. I think I got a 3rd place ribbon though.
You forgot to include the fact in that 10 years near every 3 to 7 days mostly the balloons would start to pop or deflate on top of the fact that it's taking so long to do it.
FUN TIMES IN CLEVELAND TODAY!  Part1: https://youtu.be/ysmLA5TqbIY  Part2: https://youtu.be/oZzgAjjuqZM
Mat’s number on the amount of balloons needed is off. Once a certain number of balloons are attached to the house, the amount of line per balloon increases. I’m not sure but, with so many balloons, it might even be that the length of line would eventually be too great a length for a balloon to lift. Which would mean there may be a cap to the number of balloons that can be attached at once.
I'm already subscribed to game and food theory.
"Double baltic" thank God I know the matpat lore behind that from watching food theory lol
I just subscribed
Here's mores theory channels: book theory.        Theory theory
https://youtu.be/H0xw5VnamHA
Make a video about  who the true villain is in karate kid
matpat; can you do a theory on my little pony, cause theres glue, meat and NO GRAVES!
I have been WAITING FOR THIS. FOR YEARS.
A song about Cleveland https://youtu.be/oZzgAjjuqZM
Now calculate the forces and cost of hydrogen balloons...  ;)
The name of the anime was the horizon in the middle of nowhere
Theory:what does mr Krupp see when he is captain underpants?
what really sucks is estimating how many more balloons are needed to break off the foundation and the weight of the stuff inside the house
The one time he uses the intro
My 6 yr old wants to meet you. Let me know how to make something happen? Thanks!
Can u Do “Can Gru Shrink the moon” Pls!
Yeah yeah yeah....I was expecting them to actually do it.
*clears Throat*  https://youtu.be/lT8DC4v9h-8 11:08
At 6:40 I learned that I am a couple months older than Matt.
Disney I want my money back that movie's bull sh it
Alternate Title: Pixar didn't know how many balloons they needed so they put a lot of ballons
I’ve been waiting for this video since I found out about film theory
But is the string strong enough to carry the house
The fact that there are people who can afford this is mind boggling
Has anyone tried calculating the weight of the furniture in the house? And how the way that furniture’s distributed amidst the property could alter which parts of the house are heavier than the others (causing a potential imbalance)? Just wondering.
Buuuut what about the fact that the house would just keep going Up(heh) because there is no what to add or remove weight from the house to keep it at level, it would reach the top of the atmosphere and then POP, bye balloons, bye house, have fun burning up in the atmosphere.  Also Carl would have died from oxygen deprivation looooong before ever even getting anywhere near South America.
I can’t believe it took them THIS long to cover this topic!
I now have a dark theory from this that i'm surprised Matpat didn't mention.  With Carl clearly not having enough balloons and the odds of success being so low was it even real?  What if Carl has died and is in purgatory until he thinks he has fulfilled what he wanted to do in life.  In this case both Ellie and Carl are dead the house never made it to paradise falls and the city just used it for whatever there plans were.
At the foot of the falls is an actual saying.. Also, I got that double Baltic reference 😉
Do Frankenweenie next please
I'm disappointed, not a single word about structural integrity of a building that's meant to compress and then getting stretched
It takes around a thousand giant balloons. Pixar’s actually done it before
It would probably rip the roof off of the house
How many  baboons  does it take to figure out that doing this "ballon" thing is... FUTILE! ?
I don't know why, but it's so satisfying to hear MatPat saying long numbers...
Nice job on get 35 trending
Make a film  theory about how phineas and ferb get there funds.
Elon musk looking at his video like : 😏😏😏 only 5.1million?
Bruh I watched this movie yesterday and though to myself  ‘When’s MatPat gonna do a video on this?’
So...... how do you land?
KL
Wat up
Mr beast eat your heart out
Lol, hey millionaires watching, it would take 10 years for 1 person to blow up those balloons. You are millionaires. You can pay people to do it for you, and you aren't limited to one person doing it.
There's also the fact that all those balloons rubbing together would wear them down and cause a significant amount to pop before Carl made any meaningful distance towards his destination.
i can't believe you didn't touch on the concept that helium balloons deflate over time. so by the time you've filled up that 10 millionth balloon the first 9 million are probably already deflated.
Can we all agree that the beginning of up is too sad when we were younger?😢
You should make Book Theory a thing Matpat, please I beg of you, maybe review the bible or like Harry potter
My man Matpat should do movie commentary, where it's like cinema sins, but he just explains the whole movie and retells it in his way.
The twist I was expecting at the end was that the high altitude would have killed Carl and his kidnapped boy-scout.
I bet we could automate some better ways to fill balloons
Yeah! Cleveland! Represent!
Will the strings not snap
So you all cried at mufasa and Carl's wife death scene.     Weaklings
You'd probably need a good few more balloons than that since they're not just lifting the house, they're also lifting everything inside the house.  That's an extra few thousand pounds of furniture, supplies, & people.
Lawn chair Larry did it better
Why would someone, rich enough to purchase the materials necessary, blow up the balloons themselves? Or did that 10 year stat come from a hypothetical involving a team of x number of people doing it for them? Even then, would the team get to enjoy the ride that they partially made possible? That last question got me thinking if MatPat included the weight of Carl, Russell, and Doug in the balloon number calculation.
But how carl knew that the balloons wouldn't blow up and make him fall and die? 🙂
Please please please please please do a Hazbin Hotel theoryyy!!
What about the government radioing in and then shooting it down?
I wonder if the house and balloons would be durable enough to last the entire trip.   Or even if the balloons would eventually run out of helium
The peoples who disliked are the bullies that bullied Matt back in school
I'm from Pittsburgh. Yes. Cleveland is the factory of sadness.
New theory idea:  How powerful is Toph Beifong? I'm rewatching Avatar the last Airbender and I'm on the library episode where she holds up a sinking building. This seems to be her limit (at least in the original series) So how much strength would it take for her to hold up the building?
To this day I don't know where the man sprinting on water is coming from. Please  help me find it
you do know there is a theory going on saying instead of the house going to the paradise its going to heaven the annoying boy scout is his guardian angle and the olf man is dead. it kinda makes sense
I think I just went to science class all over again
These is no way it is 2800 sq ft. The replica made the rooms bigger and I suspect about 1000 of those square feet are a finished basement.  I would say that the house could be as small as 600 square feet for the main floor and 300 for the upper floor.
Lol, I just watched this show the day before this came out... Scary...
América is just one continent as a whole.
Dont know if I’m the first person to ask it but what if its made he used nitrogen sence it’s lighter then helium (and flammable think of the hillimberg) wold that make a price difference? And how light would each balloon be?
Now considering Carl’s jobs, how much would he have to be stealing a day over the course of his employment to make that happen?
Matpat: He would of revealed he had a boy scout with him. Now that is a trick Me: And probably very illegal
Cleveland: the Florida you aren't allowed to make jokes about
well i guess only the rich ppl can fly 😒
Please do a video on Atypical.
dear mat pat   film theory can Charles munts actually survive living in paradise falls doe to lack of food or other things please mat pat   I sub to all three channels      from retrorayge33 edit: or all his dog to be feed
I don't know if someone already said this, but in the montage, you can see Carl working at a zoo handing out balloons. That could definitely cut down the cost.
Hi im new in your chanell can i suggest someting can you make a dangonrompa theory becuese i've so much questions. I know for you its hard to make the video but its ok if you don't make it Well bye!!!!!
There is absolutely no way the UP house was 2800 square feet.
Mr.Beast lookin at the cost be like: P A T H E T I C
K
Here's an idea:How MUCH Chocolate is in the chocolate factory First estimate Second...umm I got nothin after that do ur stuff
Elon Musk make it happen
I live In Cleveland and that is true. haha
7:57 idk if it matters for the theory but he lives in Oakland California. Russel mentions getting ice cream from Fentons Creamery which is a popular ice cream parlor here in Oakland
Mythbuster shown how much you need to lift a child
You didn’t bring up that the fire grate the balloons are tied to would of been ripped from the fire place when the house was flying
Now this is the content that I'd subscribes for
Plus wouldn't that amount of force just rip the roof off of the house?
What about the weight of the people
Let's get mat the diamond playbutton
I have a much more detailed story on Austin's video, but having run a version of this experiment myself, I can confirm balloons are a lot tougher then they look. Even the spiky tree branches we expected to destroy them didn't do anything
Alright , for the price we definatly need mister beast here
Didn’t you already do this?
I was supposed to cry in the the first ten minutes of up?
I'd think that lifting an actual house like that would compromise its structural integrity
He also forgot to consider that what the house even stick together
when you haven't heard the original theme song in forever....
U should do a film theory about autodale by dead sound
Mr. Beast and his fan army could make this a reality
Theres ANother thing What are the chances of  the Ballons Not running out of air the ballons will eventalluy get sogy
Here's a question: if that's the price tag for ballooning the house.... how much would it be to pick up and move the house? I wonder if balloons are more cost effective instead of traditional movers...
what about the fishing line cutting the balloons when colliding with them under pressure?
Rich people: UP Poor people: DOWN
Didn't he already do this??????
My science teacher trying to explain what Hadley cells are for 45 minutes  Matpat: Explains everything in 8 seconds
This is done so scientifically believably but I believe you used a VERY wrong estimate for amount of string needed. The 300.000 miles of string would mean about 15 meters per balloon. However, 9 liters times 31.000.000+ balloons adds up to over 280.000 cubic meters of balloons. That's over 65x65x65 meters, meaning that an average length of sting from the bottom would be about 35-40 meters, if not more.  That both adds more weight to the balloons, so that you might need some more of them, and mostly, that adds about 3-4 million dollars in extra costs.  Truly, the precise numbers in the video are entertaining, but when you're so much off on a fundamental calculation, that's pretty stupid.
Also you'd waste most of the worlds helium supply making all the scientists who use helium for experiment (like astrophysicists who are building cooled satellites)  very mad at you
Plot twist making a train track and run a train to Paradise falls is cheaper than balloons
Love your theories MatPat, but I'm still not convinced it's possible to lift the house at all. First, the length of the fishing line is drastically underestimated at 50 ft. When you have over 30 million balloons, the average length of line is going to be significantly higher than 50 ft, so you would need more balloons to account for that. Depending on how those numbers work out, it could get to the point where the weight of the fishing line is so significant that the balloons are no longer providing any lift. Based on your numbers, I think the balloon would start to be weighed down by fishing lines at a length of about 750 ft. Given the amount of balloons needed and the shear volume of space needed for all of them, I think that is a very real possibility. Second, where would you tie all the strings? If we're going by the method in the movie, attaching them to the fireplace grate, they would definitely not all fit there. Not to mention, there wouldn't be enough room in the chimney for all of those lines, so they would have to be attached to the outside of the house or come in through the doors and windows. Feasible, probably, but it would be a mess. And, of course, the anchor points would have to be somewhat evenly distributed or the house wouldn't fly straight or the house would just completely fall apart mid-flight. Third, the amount of force needed to rip the house from the foundation is not accounted for and it is pretty significant. Fourth, given the amount of time it would take to fill all of the balloons, many of them would deflate in the process, so you would need a lot of people working on this to mitigate that. With the number of people that would have to work on this (I would say minimum 10,000) and the amount of equipment needed, I can only see that leading to a disaster, especially given the dangers of working with helium, not only because of the possibility of the cans exploding, but also because of the dangers of ingesting helium. More incidents means more time means more deflated balloons. And of course, I don't think lifting the statue of liberty would be possible either for similar reasons.
Well I know where I'm going today
Am I the only one shocked that he hasn't done this theory before now?
#LOGIC?
Life insurance.
I LOVE 2020
He forgot one thing: Are talking dogs plausible?
.
Hey mat you should make a film theory on the umbrella academy
I enjoyed the video and can u do some avatar theorys
umm that number of baloons is that to make the house nutraly boyent or is that number of baloons enough to generate lift to get the house of the ground  (SORRY FOR THE REALLY REALLY BAD SPELLING)
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🔻Non-Duality
Hey matt, here is a possible episode for you :  (or at least i thought of you while watching a show.. not in a creepy way)  About :The boys  (small) *Spoiler*    There is this guy called A-train that can run at  about 1200 km/h ,(miles ?)   i guessed that this superpower came with a super strength and bone density , But later on the show , a REGULAR dude took a big piece of water pipe, and hit his leg hard enougth to an open bones fracture;  So my questions are,  is it possible for a normal human to broke a bones able to support a 1200km/h run with a heavy object ? And also, does this bone density will allow a-train to run througth a civilian and make it explode  without exploding himself as we show on the first Episode?   Also thanks for your episode, they are always a good laugth
Mat pat! You forgot about the furniture, and how long it would take him, and how much food karl would need to get there.
#thenextmrbeastproject
So MatPat your birthday is in November can I just say happy birthday in advance and I wish your YouTube career to flourish and may God bless you and your loved ones many more years to come
Look out liberty island someone is gonna come and make the statue fly fly away
But is it strong enough to lift the house from the foundation?
3:38 bruh sounding like my math teacher
MattPatt just gave Rockstar their next idea for GTA online 😂
Finally
Next week house vs bird
i asked u this on twitter back in 2019 i guess u did anser my qustion
smart keemstar
Now this is a perfect MrBeast video
There is actually a pattern that Matpat is going to have a negative answer, that is, when he is ignoring something important in the beginning of the research, for example, ignoring the friction of the balloons on the outside
Matpat the official height for Olaf is 5'4 I want you to figure out how the people in frozen are so tall?
FILM THEORISTS, GAME THEORISTS, FOOD THEORISTS! GT LIVE, GT NOT LIVE,- wait where is book theorists? MAT PAT WHERE IS IT?!? I KNOW YOU HAVE IT!!!!
that boy scout line is very pedo in a way matpat.  idk wtf is wrong with you people, but please stop making kid chokes being hoisted away from their family.
finaly
Okay hold up what if Bill Cypher and Mr.poopybutthole are on in the same due to the elongated top hat
So round about it should take a bit under 12000 people to get it done in a month
Would fishing line really be that strong? I'd think that it would just break at that point
So the thing is, in the post you mentioned from the director. It states that the house is 1800 square feet so the numbers are off based on the information given.
I literally liked after he said hiding a boy scout
Why did I get so excited when he mentioned the up house in Utah because I live 10 minutes away from there lol
𝗦𝗼 𝗶𝘀 𝗮𝗻𝘆𝗼𝗻𝗲 𝗴𝗼𝗻𝗻𝗮 𝘁𝗮𝗹𝗸 𝗮𝗯𝗼𝘂𝘁 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗝𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗦𝘂𝗰𝗸𝘀𝗔𝘁𝗟𝗶𝗳𝗲 𝗕𝗮𝗹𝗹𝗼𝗻?
Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere? I'll have to check it out.
Good job! :D
i forgot that 6 weeks ago, I recommend the same question. I sorta wonder if my little question reminded MatPat to do this theory. it would be cool if thats true.
is the chimney made up of vibranium to hold a tonns of helium
Lmao if he made a theory on ertugrul it'd get a million views in a day
Well I'm 12 and I didn't cry anytime in that movie every time I've seen it never cried
Okay...tell me in not the only who is thinking  "yeah...mr.beast might actually be able to do this"
I shook my head while watching this. Why in the world would someone theorize about such a silly thing - Enjoyed it however :-D
Bruh ur talking about spoilers? Is there guy who hasnt saw this film
Mat: “It will take 31,150,319 balloons to get the house off of the ground.”  Me: “How are you limiting each balloon to a 50ft string length, that’s affixed to a single point, when 99% of the balloons would be outside of a 50ft radius from the point?”
What if this Carl is actually Carl from the walking dead after the show ended and the world came back to its humanized bs?
didnt even MENTION Jenna Marble's expertise and research smh
Mr. Beast wants to give YOU a new house, after flying your old one into the ocean.
How strong would the strings actually have to be
weight in kilograms. wtf am i listening to?
Do a theory on Leatherface or Jason voorhees
This seems more like a ‘because science’ question
tie a few of them kardashians to the house...that should lift that sucka
Soo what i got from this is Mr beast needs to get a million subs and they can do it in 31 minutes
Also the tension the house would rip it in half
"And people comparing to Up is kinda getting transport away" 100%!
Not gonna lie, they could've ended the film at the 10 minute mark and I would've considered it a masterpiece.
I love how much he overthinks things
I am subbed to all three channels already and love each one of them. I have been watching for 5 years now keep it up
the only thing wrong with this video is that it's shorter than the time it takes me to finish my food
Mr.Beast: Are you challenging me?
But remember Carl sells balloons at the zoo for work so maybe he has extra helium and balloons from all of his years working
Mr.Beast and his crew:    Is that a challenge?
who is saying he is buying them :|
I'm sorry but, make it to another continent!?
How much do you want to bet that bit from 9:08 - 9:23 was actually in the script? Gotcha MatPat, Gotcha.
Another questions to look into: Would 31.2 million balloons attached to one singular location on the house, instead of evenly spread to distribute the weight, rip a hole in the roof or provide lift?
... Or just ask Mr beast to gather his subscribers into getting a balloon each. That'll cover the entire cost lol
Why you throw shade at Blaine like that? I hate when MatPat does that. Give him respect
Oh nevermind
i luv cleveland too! i lived there for 6 yetas
Answer is 31 million. Just saying in case you have more important things to do than watching this.
Or you know the fact that houses arent designed to have nothing beneth them and would more than likely collapse in on themselves as soon as they leave their foundation
This intro is my entire childhood
nice to know it is plausible even if you have to be a multi-millionaire to do it
before I watched breaking bad, I always thought Jesse in the intro was someone from the big bang theory
One question I'm really asking is  How long would it take to collect that many balloons and how much would it cost Also wouldn't the balloons  through the months we see Carl collecting them start to deflate
"Is dem helium balloons?"
With that cost, he could have just went to Paradise Falls by simply buying a small plane and then just hiring a pilot to fly it for him.    Also, if Justin Y. comes by, tell him I said "Notice me, senpai."
when i was in 6th grade , my math teacher would take points off if i missed even one step in my work
Tbh I thought the most difficult obstacle was the illegal entry into a South American country using a legally-described UFO.
Why did I click this. it making me think again about UP.its not really a theory it’s kinda braking me hart😕😒😔😢
I don't owe anyone anymore because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Oh
1.That much helium is unavailable to the public. You'd have to steal it from NASA. 2. Latex balloons deflate in a day and a half. The TIME it takes to blow up millions of balloons, PLUS the time to tie strings to them, and the time to tie them into bunches (without them blowing away on their own), and then anchor those bunches to the house securely, will surely leave them flat. 3. The balloons will expand as they rise, so you cannot even fill them full to start.
Carl lives in the Bay Area in northern California. The ice cream place he and Russel visit at the end of the movie is a real (albeit different-looking) restaurant in Oakland. Pixar's studio is in the Bay Area, and they reference it a lot in their films.
6:31 MatPat is 34 years old?! He looks so young! 😮
Y'all should've partnered with Metalball Studios for this one!
I dare you to do a theory on my little pony you choose the topic
y. is the roof  strong enough to support the weight of the house  in flight .. or at all  .. i think that many balloons would just tear  the roof off
I stopped my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Of course matpat is from Cleveland.
MAAN I missed this intro!!
austin would not have missed the amount of force needed to rip the utilities from the home or break the foundation. bring austin to film theory
Teacher: how do you know all that? Me:Well I feel like a theorist is better at teaching than you... no offense. Teacher: really? Show me Me: ok *shows Some video’s from film theory game theory and food theory* Teacher: fair enough
*watches this video*  *Starts buying balloons*
The kid is a very terrible scout, because he spent the whole movie violating YPT
Is The Diamond Youtube Play Button made out of real diamond? or is it crystal? What does Youtube give you if you reach 100 Million subscribers? And why is Youtube still underlined as incorrect spelling in the Youtube comments?
MatPat: To another continent. Me: Wait, what?
I no like u
Everyone tag Mr Beast
Ok I’m wondering did the people not report the guy being missing and hundreds of people seeing a flying house?
;(
Matpat: It's possible but hella expensive. SOrry to bUrst youR bAlLoon!   Mr. Beast: Is this a challenge?
Why don't people talk about "is weight responsible for the pain when you get crushed by something?" MatPat Do vid about all scene that crushes a character and tell the weight (bc you know everything and anything in movies)
Whenever I watched UP, I always thought that this theory would be a good idea.
I think that the breaking bad and walking dead theory could be true with all the other evidence about this show I thought it was just a little weird that in season 10 daryl and carol are talking about wanting to run away and carol asks were they would go and daryl says New Mexico. im just saying if you could give it a look id be happy.
Hey I’ve been wondering, can’t you do a death count for Attack on Titan??? I totally think it would beat the scores so far. If not that then maybe another theory on it
But those billionaires also have people who they can underpay to do the balloon filling and tying for them
I stopped my 9-5 because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
And considering how Carl managed to get all the balloons, string, and helium, and setting them up the house's chimney IN ONE NIGHT... it's actually said that Carl died over night and the entire thing is just him going to heaven
1:22 i knew it!!
1:05 "Almost no new movies coming out in 2020" Onward: Am I a joke to you?
MatPat: "It would take 10 years to fill up all of the balloons"  Me: "You'd be lucky for the balloons to stay inflated for a week"
The math he did is to lift the house , but how high off the ground? An inch?
Future billionaire youtube video: We paid 15,000 people to inflate helium balloons for 6 hours to get a livable house up in the air and we are going to live in that house for as long as it will stay up in the air.
>1
I'm brasilian T^T
soo....... basically you have to be rich to do fun stuff
Day 3 of asking Matt patt to do the wonka piercer theory
But what about James and the giant peach. Could you make a giant peach into a house and make it fly with seagulls
Well I know what Mr Beasts next videos will be
Is it just me but do I just literally hate this guys  voice
DIAMOND! DIAMOND! DIAMOND!!
dont trust austin, he cant get a how a pokeball works right.
Someone call Elon. Matt said he can't do something therefor he shall
I’m shocked it’s taken this long for him to make this video
My take away is thats it's possible...  Its now on the bucket list
Have nice day
a question that matpat doesn't answer : can the chimney that all the balloons are attached to support theweight of the house
That's 285 tons by the way.
FINALLY. I posted a comment a long time ago asking you this question and you finally made a video on it.
bro that outro
come on bro, we already got the house, we just need 5,108,302 dollars let's go
Finally!! necessary news we all needed in our lives.
I stopped my 9-5 because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I do not owe anyone anymore because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
2:22 me being triggered my matpat calling south america another continent WHEN IT IS FUCKING NOT
I love the part with Carl and Ellie but I can't get through the rest of the movie, and it makes me the sad
I just finished watching My Hero Academia and I feel like you could do a theory about it. Season 5 comes out next year btw
Jokes on you billionaires can just hire many people to inflate balloons with them. I mean just imagine having 10k people helping out, that would reduce the time Alot
Balloons not working, just connect the house to a blimp, easy UwU
I can finally enjoy life with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
We don't know he used helium he could have used hydrogen
Just by yourself its probably 10 years but what if you had a million people?
"The double baltic of cities" ah yes, a joke I understand.
So if everyone in Canada blow a balloon, we can do it
kainit gentling
David Blaine is not a man, he's a force of nature
Are we gonna ignore the fact that the house was taken of its water and gas pipes along with electricity.
YES ONLY ONE MILLION LEFT COME ON GUYS GET THAT DIAMOND PLAY BUTTON!!!!!!!!
Matpat did not use the intro for a long time.
GOOD LUCK MAT FOR THE 10 MIL HOPE YOU REACH IT BY HALOWEEN!!!!
I'm just gonna assume that Eli's life insurance policy was fantastic
Matpat: Cleveland is the Double Baltic of cities Me: I understood that reference
Matpat: Lets use helium partyballoons me: Why not hydrogen blimps? >:D
At some point the fishing line would be way heavier then the lift of the helium baloon. Popped your theory...
I don't think you can lift a house like that  the roof would be gone fast.
NO
Here’s a new theory how much would it cost to actually just move the house more conventionally to Paradise Falls?
I thought queen anne was the name of blackbeard's ship, and it's also my mother's name
Jaguar F-Type Project 7 Review https://youtu.be/s4EUDfaFZoY
Speaking about cost, it might just be that Carl sold his plot of land to a construction company since you can see the land around it being used to build high rise buildings, the cost of land must be high in the region.
You forgot, Carl also needed to take in his weight and the boycott's weight plus the house's material thing's weight added to the house's weight so Carl's gonna need ALOT more balloons
when your thumbs down button is 666
Objection matpatt that house made by litrely made by wood yeah theres brick but most is wood
I used to work at Zurchers, (basically party city) and balloons were only guaranteed to float 24 hours, unless we used hi-float, which is a glue-like coating that goes inside the balloons and helps them last at least 2 days. ALSO last year there was a MAJOR helium shortage. We had to limit customers on how many balloons they could buy for a while.
Fun fact : I Didn't cry during Titanic and up  but i cried in a short Christmas animation about a dog named jingle  I need mental help-
The fact I did math thing about this like a week ago
Matpats entire city polluting the world together, how cute.
And to this day that chair in on the ground
Can we get this as a mr beast video of him lifting a house with balloons
"You'll need 10 years to fill all those balloons with helium!" yeah, if I'm a stupid billionare who does it himself. Luckily I can pay a lot of hungry Nigerian children to do it for me at a low price. AND since I got shares in Big Helium and Big Balloon I can lobby the US congress to let me buy both at a reduced priced. Didn't think of that one, did ya idiot?!
my entire life changed with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
she had a 10 million dollar LI policy lol
MatPat, I have a theory idea for you. It involves an old Disney movie called Atlantis The Lost Empire. It involves the item known as The Heart Of Atlantis. Basically, it somehow grants people extended life. It can also somehow make stone fish fly. Also, the king of Atlantis said that this crystal is alive some how. It is said that the past kings live through the crystal. My question is just WHAT IS the Heart Of Atlantis? And can something like this actually exist? I give you this idea because this is an amazing movie, but I haven't seen many people talk about it. But, I bet you can make several theories about this movie, the characters and anything else in between. You should watch it, its a great movie that is sadly under rated. People, give this comment a like so MatPat will see it!
HE SAID THE LINE! HE SAID DOUBLE BALTIC! YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Diomand play button!
What if The balloons were filled with something lighter than helium?
Seeing how 80% of my job is blowing up balloons standard 12 inch latex balloons really only about 8 hours on their own and even with the hi-float balloon treatment gel it only makes it last 24 hours so even if we ignore how long it takes to blow up all those balloons it doesn't give a very large window of time for him to make his way down there   Finally the large amount of balloon knowledge I've gained from working at Party City has come in handy
What about pulling the house up from its foundations? That would require much more force than just what is required to lift the house
Fun times in Cleveland, again! IT'S CLEVELAND!
the real house is wider
I don't owe anyone anything now because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
0:56 You really are. From ruining games to movies you really are.
1:15 BRO I JUST STARTED WATCHING Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere!!!!!!! THATS NUTS
Conclusion: It would've been better if they just buyed a plane
Mr Beast be like “don’t mind if I do”
MatPat you should make a book theory channel.
I have a question of aviation: In the A Whole New World Disney song from Aladdin how fast is the magic carpet? They went from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Greece then to China
My.... my thumbnail
Everyone knows this movie is just a metaphor for Carl's journey to heaven please make a video on that
How much would 30million ballons cost and if he could afford it?
is it just me or did they revamp the old theme song slightly and make it sound better?
If ~40 balloons are required to life a chihuahua, it must take 4000000000 to lift a house
Didn’t myth busters already do this
The weight of the strings kills it all. How far does ist reach to the last Balloon (among millions...) :D
Maybe the balloons weren't filled with Helium... maybe he used an exotic material with a high negative mass, and the house lifts off not because the balloons are suddenly outside, but because Carl detonated charges to separate the house from the foundation. We know that Carl was a balloon vendor, so he would have been able to buy the balloons and string at wholesale, but maybe he also moonlighted as a material scientist at a top secret government lab where he discovered this mystery gas with negative mass and was able to earn enough money to structurally reinforce his home so that it could withstand being lifted by the chimney.
i thought there is a theory that carl really died, and the whole 'house with balloon' story was his way to heaven and russel is an angel that helps him accept everything.
Omg Austin can make a sience vid about the UP  game.
Wouldn’t the strings break? Almost instantly
Long story short, no, absolutely not
Maybe he did have a Boy Scout in his backpack
Me at 1am: I don't need sleep, I need answers.
CinemaSins already pointed out the major flaw in Up. How did Carl blow up all those balloons inside his house without the house flying away, and where did he keep all of them in the house while he blew them up?
🇻🇪
NO ONE IS ASKING THE OBVIOUS QUESTION !!!!!!  THE STRING!!!!!!!!! HOW STRONG IS THE STRING IN THE MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!😤
Am I a sociopath for havining never cried during the opening part of the film?
someone send this to Gene, Potato Jet
I think Matt deserves so much credit for all this effort he puts in to his videos. We had like 4 quality videos in a week.
Just realised how has matpat not done the before lol!
Make the fourth color or whatever you call it comic theory
mat you need to remember that Carl sold balloons at the zoo so he could've used those extra balloons
Um, am I missing something? The Earth doesn't spin west, does it? 8:17
What about the tensile strength of the materials being lifted? The house would destroy its self being lifted up. In the same way a giant spider would die by its chiten would collapse under the weight of gravity.
IT'S OVER 9 MILLION!!!!!!!
I hate to be that person but one thing that could potentially negate the cost part of it is that Carl worked as a balloon salesman for what looks like a good portion of life. He would probably know the best ways to get sales and deals to buy balloons in bulk for super cheap. Another thing is that....... Ellie may have had life insurance. Her death could have meant that the money would go to Carl and if Carl invested it it could've grown in the time between her death and his plan. While I obviously know there's other things that don't support balloon house flight, this might negate some of the cost portion
I bet mr beast could do this next year
Did everyone forget the mythbusters did this already?
Day 2of asking for a theory on what would happen if saitama and thanos with stones hit each other's fists together like so matpat can see
WAIT WAIT WAIT! Ok, I'm from Salt Lake, and I have NEVER heard about this up house?! Why wasn't I informed!!!
Matpat: ...That's just a theory... Me: that's... why I'm here.
*when you find out you were born in the same state as Mattpat*
What about the weight of everything in the house?
Imagine if matpat had the budget of mr beast so he could do these experiments himself
What about the friction of the balloons like you said wouldn't that do something like make lighting or at least bring lighting closer
Matpat hasnt watched 10 hours of shreksophone yet?
Matpat plss crack up the trailer of Wanda Vision.
Flashback to when jenna marbles used 75 balloons to lift her 5 lbs dog  marbles
Did anyone else have a Ghostbuster 2 when he said the Statue of Liberty?  I DIDLIFT ME UP HIGHER AND HIGHER. LOL
I WAS LITERALLY THINKING ABOUT THIS THE OTHER DAY, NICE TIMING MAT PAT
Are you sure they used helium? They cut use hydrogin...
Haha he didn’t buy the balloons, helium, and fishing line. He stole them
Guess I better start blowing up these balloons
I figured that the biggest issue would be the possibility of the balloons popping, causing it to lose altitude with each balloon popped by...practically anything. They're party balloons, not durable weather balloons. I've never seen the movie, but know the plot. I doubt Carl would be able to just fill up a balloon to replace one that possibly pops.
eh.                 elon musk could do it.
My new entertainment is having you spoil my childhood memories of movies. At least you go into detail about the science.
anyone else notices the gravity fall music in the background.
You made my lunch break better, thank you!
I’m really bothered by that fact that a lot of people thought it was a good idea to release 1.5 million balloons for a silly world record. That had be environmentally devastating.
O gosh you were born in ohio? This kinda scary for me
I dont owe anyone anything now thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Pat always has the old crack when he says we he sounds like a fr veteran dad
I'd love to see how you would handle the physics in Bollywood movies
Reveal he had a BOY SCOUT🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 I’m dying
I don't need anymore my 9-5 with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Hello internet, welcome to film theory.
Let’s admit it: this video was way overdue
How about the fact that if they were attached to the bottom of the fireplace it would just rip the fireplace out. The house would fall apart no matter where you attached it
“cleveland is like the double baltic of cities” good one!
The videos do make me a little happier every week. So thank you MatPat and team.
Uuh hi im a magician
Yeah. Add more balloons. There’s a ratio of weight : volume of helium
2:22 "to another continent'' North America and South America are both part of the America continent. THE SAME CONTINENT
Pause and go to 1:23
11:08 you could have a TON of people help with blowing balloons
South America is not another continent. LOL!
cut the intro.
My question is how did Carl pull the house down and strap it on his back and him walking normally without it flying away?
Show the calculations with the metereological baloons, i get that it is diferent from the movie, but i think it would make the project more afordable. And it would be hilarious to see a billionaire doing this sort of thing just because, i mean, vulgar display of power you know... But environmental backlash of doing this stunt would probably be catastrophical.
“Now THAT is a TRI- “  *film theory starts playing
MatPat: I have a theory for you. Is Pee-Wee's Playhouse canon to Pee-Wee's Big Adventure (1985)?   I ask this because, at the end of every episode of Playhouse, Pee-Wee Flies off on his magic scooter and lands on a backroad surround by cacti. And theory is Pee-Wee resides at the house  in the movie. And so now the other question is Where on Earth is the house that Pee-Wee Herman live in the movie?
I’m a theory.
what about the furniture and people in the house
Sao sucks, sao abriged by witty entertainment is waaaaay better
Mr beast: I flew a 5000000 dollar house to paradise falls
Wait wouldn’t the house wall or house floor kinda fall apart due to the weight??
Have you seen the Pixar sparks they are shorts made by people trying to get a job in Pixar they are really cool to check out and are only about 2-3 mins long and you could do a small theory on one or two
Hey Matpat, I got a question. You most likely wouldn't read this, but just in case. On your Gaming channel (The Game Theorists) I was wondering if you could play Slime Rancher and make a theory about something in that game because I am wondering if golden or silver plants are possible. And I am not talking just color, I am talking pure gold and silver. I had my own theory about how it would work, but my dad already killed that dream, but I still wonder if you are able to see if it is possible. (Btw Slime Rancher is a cute and fun game. Def go check it out.)
10:21 thanks for putting the kilometers on the corner and translating the weight into kilos, you are a good man.
What if that guy in the blue shirt who is used in almost every episode watches this channel? That would be funny
Probably be easier to just use commercial jets and chains.
MatPat: When you want something done right you gotta do it yourself” Me: haha, no, chances are you’ve already done it
Yeah it’s not like either of them’s a YouTube millionaire...😁. You do great man and I’m glad your brand is so successful!!!! Seriously though get Austin elocution lessons....
Nice “double Baltic” don’t think I didn’t catch that
10:06, you do remember that Carl was a balloon salesman right
I like how you guys add metric for we normal people
Over 9 million balloons is my theory
5.1 Million Dollars, Welfare check well spent!
2:20 Gosh, freakin people of the US, south America is IN THE SAME CONTINENT AS NORTH AMERICA!
Damnt it I saw les Glaneurs et la glaneuse in a sociology course at university.
I don't owe anyone anymore thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
youve seen florida man now get ready for cleaveland man
He does ignore the fact Carl worked as a balloon salesman at the zoo, he could've been taking the balloons from the post everyday, he probably worked there more than 10 years
I need to go see the replica of the "Up" house, now that I know it's in Utah. This is a great theory, great job.
That’s fine as long as Austin doesn’t get to talk.
Mythbusters anyone?
I've never cried at Up
What if that Cleveland thing it a wire the whole towns gone
but he got the balloons for free bc he worked at the zoo
I’ve been waiting for this theory
as a fellow clevelander, I am ashamed
Getting the balloons could be something a lifetime balloon salesman could 100% do over decades years without costing millions of dollars.
Hi
I watch Up Too many time, that i don't care the first 10 sec and when i first watch it,  i didn't cry (You need to be a man bro)
so guys if we get matpat 10 mil on this channel ksi will stop bragging"I am the only youtuber with 2 dimond play buttons".
Theory idea how come older Disney movies had a lot of the characters dye but know everyone always live
me : i like math class
This video seems extravagant,  Kind off like Mr. Beast stuff
MatPat: Cleveland is like the double Baltic of cities People who don;t watch Food Theory: wait...
Hi
The movie creators: We just made this to be a movie! Its not that important!  Matpat: Theories go brrrrr
Hi
OH MY GOSH, I WANTED TO COMMENT AND ASKED IF MAT COULD DO A THEORY LIKE THIS!! My prayers have been answered /)
Another question nobody covers is if the house would rip apart. A house is not a solid block of material. It's likely that the structure of the house is not strong enough to hold itself together.
The biggest most fundamental problem is the structural integrity of the house. That much upward force is just going to rip the house apart. Even if it didn't, houses aren't meant to be free floating in the air, it would start falling apart once it was airborne.
I think matpat just wants 3 diamond paly buttons
is it just me or mat pat posts every day
What about breathing?  Carl’s house isn’t airtight or pressurized and he’s at the height of airplanes.
Lmao I am from Cleveland and my family told me about the balloon havoc that was caused. NOt to mention the river fire was hectic..
"Cleveland is like the Double Baltic of cities."  *I understood that reference!*
Mat pat: there is one other problem me: could he breathe at those heights? matpat: cost me: oh y e a h
FINALLY! THE THEORY HAS COME!!!!!!!
Someone get a robot that fills and ties balloons
I don't owe anybody anything now thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Mattpatt question what about the anchor point for the stings in the fireplace? Wouldnt he need have straps under his house, like pulling boats out of the water to dry dock?
Theory idea: why cant bolt remember when he was adopted? wouldent he gone home with penny?  Wouldent he hear the convorsation between penny and her lawyer? I mean sigs have 10 times better hearing then human and the roof on the trailer was open.
Finally my question is now been answered
0:22 No mat. That would just have been ped*philia. When my theory is correct the only way to hide a boy scout this size the the whole time before landing would have been to have him crammed up your a*s wich would be highly illegal in most States of America.
Potato
Did you take into account all the furniture for the weight for the first flight? The house empty is only the second flight when you've lost a good supply of balloons.
He should make a theory about the umbrella academy
MatPat I have a question. Do you have a college degree in Math?
Oh you playin smart I like ya cut g
Matthew, could you please talk about Zootopia again? I’d like you to really, REALLY delve into the laws regarding police departments (yes, I’m aware I’m asking this in the middle of COVID-19 and no, I don’t believe this is a bad time to ask) and convince us that Judy practically threw away her career as a cop the minute she threatened Nick with the voice recording carrot
WHAT 31,150,318 million wtf in the movie carl said he blow all of them at night
Why’d it take so long for him to do this vid
$5m for a marketing stunt? Sounds doable.
Matt Patt I have a theory the old man from up is dead and his afterlife is bringing it's home to paradise falls, Russell the boy scout is an angel trying to earn his wings and the old man trying to find the rare and misticle bird is a fallen angel
MatPat's little bit about Cleveland was comedy gold. LaughPat ftw!
how to test if someone is a cycopath show em up and if they dont cry thare a cycopath
While that is a thick juicy number of balloons. But you forget that the house was ripped from the foundation so that number would be much much higher
Anyone else feel like this video should have already been made like 3 years ago?
the editing on this show is so good
“Cleveland is like the double Baltic of cities.” Me: *understands joke*
MatPat nerding out about Cleveland makes my Clevelander heart  happy
0:59 "Lets ignore than for shadowing and-" Me: *Um what..?*
I've been waiting for this one for a long time
I don't owe anybody anymore thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
What about using bigger balloons
i wonder if matt took bulk discount/business pricing. I thought the problem was going to be something about the air/oxygen thining as you go up give less lifting power to the point where they couldnt get up high enough unless you increase the balloon count. or atleast the friction of the balloons heating up or causing electrical imbalanaces and poping them. just something more than the traditional, how many balloons, how much money etc. something more matpat exclusive or overlooked.
Isn't Carl's survivability while airborne kinda big deal too?
It scares me that Elon Musk can, and WILL do this
11:40 pm tuning in for a sweet sweet episode! 😀
I stopped my job thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I wonder if Mr beast would spend 5 mil on this
MatPat: you havt to show your work Me: *unsubscribing noises*
A yacth? Does it do that already
What about the fact that the house would be torn apart by being lifted from the roof.
how about austin and matpat in a video
get on it Elon
What about birds tho
Wow I expected that to be way darker
You should do a theory on the 100
DO a film theory on Smallville season 1 Episode 18 where Clark Kent kills all the bees in the state of Kansas and the impact of that
I am sorry but if you´re in the USA then southamerica is not another continent.
Pixar did calculate how many balloons it would take
Hold up ppl...​what the flippity​ floppity h e double toothpicks is Shreksophone?
Matt you may use math. But I use eyes. Using my eyes I can tell the following things: - The Up House is TINY! - The Up House replica is WAY BIGGER than the real up House. - The Balloons in the movie are way bigger than normal balloons. They look nearly as big as the windows. I also use logic: - Let's just assume that he used ballons with regular lenght regulas strings and then tied them together (imagine a line of many balloons). I don't believe he would have an individual string from the house to every single balloon.  So video bad. Make a new one! Thank you :)
66 6F 6C 6C 6F 77 20 74 68 65 20 61 6C 6C 20 73 65 65 69 6E 67 20 65 79 65.
Why? After so long....
Not that it really makes a difference I'd imagine, but despite the balloons LOOKING like party balloons, the size of those balloons relative to the house itself indicates they are MUCH larger. Some quick size comparisons show that the balloons on average were as large as the upstairs, side window which means the balloons were on average somewhere close to four feet tall.
Love you Matt Pat but Mythbusters did this already
Is no one going to talk about Matt’s watch later thing?  “10 hours of shreksophone”
I would really like Elon Musk challenge MatPat and do this project in one month
Im gonna call foul cuz Up is too emotional to break down. Love the theory, but this movie is a treasure
I stopped my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Did he add the weight of the fishing line
🤔would the fishing line be strong enough to pull up the house
Me (just thinking of mrbeast)
I mean they Could have bought 1 balloon every day and every litter of helium every week but yea 5mil dolars is a ton of money:/
Paradise Falls, Angel falls let me guess gravity falls
My home country is Venezuela
At this point in time, is there anyone not subscribed to this channel?
Mat pat Can you make an episode about how fast the road runner is?
Next up: ”How many houses does it take to lift up a balloon?”
Isn't that why Carl works for the Zoo? So he couldn't buy that many balloons and just take some from his job
Hi mattpat could you and your team find out how tuff is the Addams family is in the new movie thanks
I was there when they did that balloon release, I barely remember it though I was like 6. I do remember the fallout.  Lol
Just get on a plane Carl
He got a go fund me page lol
Me: in the first 10 minutes 😭😭
Okay mat I’m not mad I’m just disappointed I thought even in your cold dead theorist heart there were some sacred movies but no. Like I can forgive you for Wall-E I can forgive you for finding Nemo I’ll even forgive you for Star Wars but up? Up? You really went after ups throat? Like mat we love you man your amazing but you gotta understand this is why so many hate you
Helium is pricy so im pretty sure no one will do it. MrBeast:Hold my honey ads.
Maybe he actually did sell his land
Okay but 100 people it would only take like 2-3 months right?
I am reminded of an episode of Mythbusters. Where they did this myth.
Matpat: it would take over 10 YEARS!  Elon who hired 30mil people: lets make that seconds
Pretty surprised you haven't made this video sooner
fight me
Mat, their rich, they will hire 100 college students at slightly higher than minimum wage and get it done even faster
One thing that no one has also considered (including Mat unfortunately) is that his house is also fully furnished, which means it would be even *heavier* than Mat calculated, because of all the furniture and picture frames, and stuff in his house, including himself and one other passenger.  So yeah, he's probably going to need even *more* balloons than what Mat calculated due to that.
How did that show try to make a replica of a _house_ being lifted by _party_ _baloons_ and completely fail at replicating both the house AND the party balloons?
Fan fact: Disney actually calculated how many balloons were needed. No need to watch this video
you forgot about the video mrbeast made trying to lift up himself with balloons
Can u please stop making my childhood me sad
The important questions.
He didn't consider money inflation
I didn't need to watch a 10 min video to tell me that the plot to Up was very unlikely verging on impossible. But I did anyway.
Finnally
0:30 ... FBI OPEN UP!
You havent answered this question already??
Ahem, he stole those balloons from work maybe? And the fishing line?
Hey Mat Pat About the mjolnir worthiness about iron man’s sacrifice before endgame it already happened in avengers when he lift the nuke in space
Omfg, I've waited for this for sooo long... finally I can start hoarding balloons!
The real question:           HOW ON EARTH DID HE MAKE SO MANY BALLOONS IN ONE NIGHT?!
I always thought Carl used the supplies from work. He was a ballon salesman at the zoo Eli worked at. I can see him stealing  the supplies slowly after Eli passed to save money and working on this plan for a long time. But that’s just my theory, an unlikely theory!
Dude that pink house is in eureka ca right....my town
What about the type of balloons that some people have used to fly with them? Those are a lot bigger. How many would they need of that to raise a house?
that ending is pretty dumb, u think billionare can't get few thousand people, maybe even milion to blow some baloons? just say that if they bring to your central 10 baloons, you will pay them 10 bucks or whatever...
I remember when I watched Up as a kid,  I became loving making a house by crushing paper and then stick it to a balloon
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
I think validating the thought "people can fly with balloons" comes first. Then youll see someone try to fly with another continent with that method. At least someones proven you can fly for a long time with balloons so thats half the fight done.
Did anyone else start singing House Shaped Box to the tune of Nirvana after hearing MatPat say that?
Wait so in the movie there weren’t enough balloons…        …such a double balltic
on game theory make a theory about ark survival evolved
Don't forget the air is much thinner up there. It's gonna be hard to breathe up there
Hey can you do a theory on popee the performer?
I was skeptical of the strength of the balloons and thought they might pop so I did some calculations.  Using F=M×A  260 000 kg ( matt pads numbers) × 9.8 (gravitational acceleration)  This give us 2 548 000 Newtons of force downwards. A Ballon can take 10n of force before it pops(Google told me that so im working on their numbers) To put that in perspective an object thats a little over 1kg puts out 10n gravitational force. To be safe lets work on 9n. Because the balloons float they will distribute the weight of the house equally. So 31 150 319 balloons (again Matt's numbers) could withstand 9×31 150 319 newtons of force... this translates to 28 607 435kg weight pilling down on all the ballons to pop them all. Boy way I wrong about my skepticism.
the fishing line costed more than the helium
Also arent all those balloons just tied to a fire grate? They're not usually bolted down, but he's somehow got the whole weight of the house hanging from it.  Also ALL of the balloons emerged out of the chimney. Which meant that 31+ million balloons were somehow stuffed in his chimney...
I dont wanna be "that guy" but are you including furniture? cause that could easily add more balloons to it all
Only A REAL Theorist can solve this riddle    Read more
Next theory : Was the return of bleach really all part of Aizens' plan?
bold of you to assume helium in up universe is the same as ours
I want the name of the under-appreciated futuristic anime
Nah see all they need to do is pay 1 million people like $300 to blow up like 40 balloons, that's only like $300,000,000 and they're billionaires so i mean that's not much, if Elon wanted to do this he 100% could, and now i'm scared. (Assuming each person gets their own tank of helium that is.)
Another problem Carl would've had once he landed at Paradise falls would actually be living there. I doubt he stockpiled years worth of food in his fridge, he's not exactly a master huntsman, he has no running water and no extra materials to make his own plumbing system, no means of heating (he might be in South America but if Paradise falls is at a high altitude then it'll still be freezing at night, not to mention the higher dosage of UV light he'll be exposed to) AND will likely run out of medicine before too long (I don't recall seeing him take any medication but given he's 80 years old at least there's a high chance he'll be taking something). I suppose since he's already up there in his age he wasn't planning on living his golden years for that much longer up there but without sufficiently equipping himself with supplies he would've doomed himself to a slow death of starvation, hypothermia, a higher likelihood of cancer from the UV, probably physical/possibly mental deterioation from a lack of medication and so on.  MatPat's not the only one to ruin your childhood
Swear I did this video already
You forgot to add the weight of the furniture and his weight and the dog and Boy Scout
Why
Next question, the house maintaining structural integrity, lifting and moving houses isn't pretty complicated.
Since this movie came out ive always pointed out to little appreciation....the roof couldnt hold the pull from all those balloons they are all attached to one place and id like to bet once the house was in the air it would collapse and a section of the roof would fly up untill they all pop
I want to ask if you can not let the suggestion bar the in the end it blocks the meme
I was waiting for this episode and i didnt even know it...(Theory Theme plays)
it's been 5 years and the intro is still banging.
11:21 still better lovestory than twilight
On Film Theory, I dont even think you get partial points for not showing your work. With a *small* margin for error of 22.9 million balloons, you'll get a long, disapproving stare from MatPat
But consider... If you in fact manage to fly all the way there, A) How on Earth do you land without popping the balloons B) How the heck do you get back?!
All of this is with Matt disregarding friction on the balloons admittedly, if he accounted for friction it's impossible
That was a good joke because that water fall is has a amount of feet high
OMG! I requested this a long time ago! Finally!
There is one interpretation of the film that explains most (if not all) of the issues with the likelihood of the events that occur during the film proper. Carl is dead, and the boy-scout is actually an angel helping him reach the afterlive ... which for Carl has been made to look like Paradise Falls.
This moment when you have the hadley cell as topic in school but don't understand a word and MatPat explains it in 1 minute and you got it. Haha
Wouldn't the floor fall apart or something and murder some people?
The scout what about his parents wouldn’t they be worried about him
Some trust fund baby is going to see that figure and be like "I can afford that" and then pay a bunch of people to fill up balloons for them and actually fly a house.
So, sequel video with meteorological  balloons?
aaaaah My Brain i cant keep up XD COOL VIDEO
Then there are furnitures too.
I wouldn't say that no one asked David Blane to do that stunt.  It's actually a pretty wholesome story: his daughter told him she wanted to see him fly on a bunch of balloons, so he did it for her
Heres a fun fact: a little girl made a balloon go from a place i forgot then got to rissia i think. The letter said her wishes for christmas was a pink elephant or womething then the best part the farmer got her the gift it was such a good story i just wished i couldve completed it
You'd probably need to get some permission from the local air traffic control centers cause those air traffic violation tickets are gonna rack some money up too
The other question that MatPat didn't answer: Would the balloons be strong enough to rip the house from its foundation?
Can’t wait for Mr. Beast to do this irl
wouldn't the fishing line just break?
Sounds like a mrbeast challenge
But if you were inflating, like, 10 balloons at the same time then it would take one year, wouldn't it? And if you have many millions of dollars to spend to that, then you can hire people or build a machine to inflate hundreds or even thousands of balloons at the same time. So... Mr. Musk, you're not scared of a bit of inflation, are you?
Do coco
Mrbeast watching like 👁👄👁
Am I the only one that’s thinking that Mr. beast can do it you could probably fly a house
if like bill gates trys to do this DO YOU THINK HE WILL INFLATE IT HIMSELF i dont think so hed probably hire a huge crew xd
What if he used  hydrogen
I have been wondering this for years thank god you finally answering it
If Carl had won the lottery and he had got like 10 million bucks, probably had had the materials and the luck to go to Venezuala....
"Up" is such an old movie, how is he just making this?
Am I the only one that heard mat say double Baltic?
Hey MatPat watch Steins;Gate and do a theory on that.
You could use something that can fill...50,000 balloons per seconds. Then it won’t take 10 years!  ( *Not That there is one for balloons...only one for water balloons...which fills like 10 or 50 balloons at a time...I think..* )
Conclusion, Grandpa is a criminal and commit child labor to fill up the balloons.
did you see my video?? i had made one just days earlier on this same thing
The only person from Cleveland that I've heard say they love it lmao
Hey Matpat  please do a film theory on Marvel's Runaways and Julie and the Phantoms 😅 I think there are interesting things you'll find
Matpad mentioning venezuela and Zack Effron next to a harina pan give me joy
I think that I'm getting smarter from watching this videos and i love it haha
You could seriously make extra money making educational videos for kids because if you can get adults excited to learn science with your awesome videos and style, I know you could do it for kids.
Great episode Mat. Loved it
I'm only just realizing how many variables there are here
I am just gonna sum up this video: Balloons helium pounds kilograms more balloons more helium house flying human science equator more science whether patterns science crying money for helium and balloons fishing lines 280 mill helium litres elon muck man 10 years of inflating balloons. And hey that's just a theory, a film theory.
Thanks, MatPat. It just so happens that I have 31,150,319 balloons lying around my house. Now I have a use for them.
Man I'm proud to be of Cleveland. Burn on big river
Was expecting for this
Its weird that I trust matpat nore than national geographic
The obvious next questions is, how many seagulls does it take to lift a giant peach?
Didn't you do this?
You should do megamind
Wow Carl you don't MAKE a house or live in a CAVE  and go into a plane!
How many balloons did he actually use? And how many would it take to break the house off the foundations? Matpat, these are the real important questions.
You forgot something really important in this theory, MatPat. If you pay attention to the movie, the house wasn't loose on the ground, the balloons had to remove the house from the foundation. One thing is to have enough balloons to make the house going up, another thing is the balloons having enough force to tear a house from its foundation perfectly without destroying any other part of the house in the process.
Oh,5.1m dollars?   [ *Ominous Mr.Beast laughter* ]
10:50 while that is a large sum of money its actually relatively feasible. There are so many people who earn over 6 figures per year. Now that mat has made an estimate, im sure some eccentric millionare or the child of some rich family attempting this in the near future
now that's a huge margin of error.
I never cry in up
Cleveland being Cleveland, there is no truer statement I've ever heard (from a current Cleveland resident)
Now we know where the pension was spent 😂
what a nerd
I'm late YET AGAIN. And great video like always.
He maybe win the lottery
I am surprised Matpat never did this
im not a harer btw it was just a joke
if it takes more than 37483468237462847628462874628462936428347628576284628367 balloons i am liking this vid more than 6562756356287654836538456438563485638456384563485634865386548345638456364534865483656348563847656385634856348573645874356438653486583465783456348653456734875673 and i subscribe
I remember in one of matpats videos he said "I wonder what we can do with up" in the outro and he finally did it (i forgot the name of the video )
I do not care about the other pixar movies but this one WHY!
Isnt the 31 million balloons just enough to get it off the ground? Nonetheless raise its altitude up enough to be within the clouds and a storm? And how does it raise up to the altitude then just stop going up? Wouldn't it go higher than the clouds until the air was too thin?
Omg wow, I never would have thought anyone else remembered Kyoukai Senju no Horizon. I loved that show, too bad it never got a 3rd season.
What about the tensile strength of the string? Or how to pilot it so it goes in the right direction?
3:07  gmod players: yeah we know.
... Oh my god you asking Austin for help... we gona heard "balloon and house ... make no fking sense!"
you just explained hadley cells better then any of my science teachers ever
Didn't know you watch ecchi anime, noice
pixar watching this: *bruh*
What's the name of the Anime that he pulled out
Finally he did this.
There's also the factor that you would have to significantly overshoot that value to get a good amount of lift. Also he needs to overcome the strength of the foundations holding the house down (unless he loosened them in preparation)
Gotta be honest, the best part of the video is realizing that someone actually knows about Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere
I do not owe anyone anything now thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I no longer need my work with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
i honestly don't get how that's a trick....he made himself fly with balloons and then skydived back down...that's more a stunt then a magic trick also wow that event, can you imagine how much waste and pollution that would be, balloon skins everywhere, i wouldn't be surprized if there's still plenty out there buried in the earth still degrading.
It is ironic that the average Victorian house is called a "Queen Anne"
only food theorists know the "double baltic" reference
“You only get partial credit if you don’t show your work.” What math class were you blessed with MatPat?
Matpat is actually the ultimate despair, give him like, two days until he starts junko posing
Video: "We just crossed 9.05 million subscribers." Me: *checks their subscribers, and sees 9.06 million* Me: Whoa.   Then the drugs wear off or something, I dunno. The joke sorta deflates from there....
So. What does the yellow mean???
Matpat pls pls pls do a theory on megamind. idk why but it feels a bit fishy
C'mon MatPat we need the hiimmarymary video!!!
Cool now do the math if he used hydrogen instead.
Carl betrayed his wife
Here is another, quite well known theory. Carl's dead. The Boy Scout is his guardian angel. The journey is the journey of afterlife. I guess that explains the talking dog, perhaps as a childhood wish come true.
So Carl was a secretly rich person for buying 31 million balloons
Here we go again also the answer is yes also congratulations on 9 mil
Did you factor in her life insurance policy?
Well KYLIE JENNER can pull this off her customers and family can help her do it in 10 days
Matpat:can it live a house Pixar:uhhh....... Me:of course it can pixar is full of memes
Mat pat: Fun is not one thinks of when answering the questions of film but counting balloons this puts a smile on my face
*Matpat:* Ranting about the balloons *Me:* won't the threads which connect the balloons and house tear?
Ah yes, horizon in the middle of nowhere
maybe you can calculate flash speed from the cw show
North America and south Amercia are in the same continent.
The question that always bothered me the most isn’t even mentioned in the video, if he kept all these balloons inside the house how come they never have lifted the hous untill he released them?
Not bragging but, when i watched up for the first time, i only cried for an hour
The only thing I could think of how Carl has filled all those balloons up at the same time is maybe the backstory on how Carl has asked all the elderly people for help and money.  Those who already sold their houses, being mad an grumpy at the corporation and used all that money just to give Carl his dream. They all loved Ellie so they would give their hard earned money to his cause and a big middle-finger to 'the man' that wanted to buy his house for so long. So he asked many MANY elders and their families to fill up and make it happen in one night.  Anyway, It kind of feels like a subplot that needs to be adressed, Matt.
Do something about fast layne please
what aboult furniture?
Hey Mat Pat since Fall is here, mind going back in time a bit and doing a Film Theory of Over the Garden Wall?
I have no more stress thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Could the balloons rip the metal pipes and wooden supports to the foundation in the first place?
Air pressure doesnt come into play?
DO MORE DOCTOR WHO THEORYS PLZ
I thought you made this video already
Elon Musk, do your thing
People: making intelligent comments  Me: liking and hyping them up
What an uplifting video for us in our time of need.
Now you gotta analyze the other escapes shown in the DVD short George and AJ.
There's also the problem that (as well as lifting the house itself) the balloons would need to lift the furniture inside the house (as we see Carl ditch that later to make the house lighter), Carl, and Russell (a stowaway whose weight might not have been initially accounted for). Might need to add a few more thousand balloons!!
I'm ganna watch up again
I did not cry at all during this movie, I like stepping on legos,  ME is a fan of anthropomorphic animals. only in the people in the furry fandom or people who are into making fursuits will understand the last one.
Finally you made an UP theory  back in 2017 you said that you were going to make but you didn't
I've been waiting for this.
Its so expensive, but you dont know about his secret life as raider. He earn the materials and money from his robberies. JAJA, THEORIZE THAT, FOLK!! BUM... *mic drop*
a billionaire watching this video be like: ohhhh haha HaHa HAHAHAHAHAHa, I am not crazy you are
What about hydrogen?
Whats the show at1:16
You could have hired help to inflate all the balloons
MatPat don’t worry about the cost Disney has them covered
Not even kidding the add i got at the start of this was hungry jacks trying to confess their innocence. Interesting choice for his most recent video...
OMG is that why i once saw a balloon going  above the park close to our house  hhfggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
We have been waiting for this
Paradise Falls are based on a real place in my country.. I love you Venezuela.
Kevin !!!!!!!
"And people comparing to Up is kinda getting carried away"  *carried away*  dAd JokEs  EDIT: such a shame I haven’t seen the holy number: 69
He has mad me hate every show ever
I've always thought that the amount of balloons shown in the movie shouldn't have been able to fit in that house.
MrBeast has enterd the chat
How about a follow-up video reimagining Carl's plan into a more efficient one? i.e. Many large balloons, different gases, different materials
NOW THATS WHAT WE WANNA KNOW
this is my favourite movie lol, because of the soundtrack and how emotional it is
Um rong vid too much senice
Those first ten minutes. I watched the movie at the theatre backn then. After the sequence, the room was unnaturally quiet and then the coveted sniffling and heavy breathing started all around.
For anyone not wanting to waste 12 min of their life yes you can lift a house with balloons
Oh great next you'll tell me James' Giant Peach couldn't be lifted by a flock of seagulls...  What have I done!
Jenna Marbles did it first
Things I learned in this episode.  Jeff Bezos could afford to make many flying helium balloon houses.
You should really get a new intro for Film theory instead of Game Theory.
Matpat is too dangerous to be left Alive
Please theorise about Tenet
I calculated long ago it would be about 1 million ballons, let's see if I was right
How strong should the wind be to push the house
Human:aw man this story is moving!  Mappat: *Can ballon seriously take off the house?*
Why diddent you count the furnitur in the house
My concern is whether or not the fireplace it's anchored to would hold up to the stress
That's not even mentioning the amount of baloon mentions is bare minimum, and would barely lift the house off the ground. If you want to consistantly lift it all the way to the sky you'll need a couple million more and the a couple million more for if baloon get deflated/popped
Thank you for ruining one of my favourite movies😩
I’m actually kinda surprised that there isn’t a film theory on why dumbledore was a bad guy lol
Me and my brother beg you to do yu yu hakusho
How many pixer y'all watch
Balloons lifting a house hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 90000000009888977
These are the type of questions I didn't know I needed the answers to
Ah yes my favorite nirvana song 2:53
I’m from Cleveland too lol
if you think floridians are messed up.  just note that clevelands burned water.
Lol, did Matpat really forget that Carl is a BALLOON MAN at the zoo? lol.. he could have just stole all the balloon stuff from the zoo..
I feel like people already watched up
How many balloons does it take to lift a house? Well...I guess at least four.
Can anyone explain how balloons in a city translates to lost fishermen???
it dosent matter since he's dead
You know......         Carl was actually DEAD the whole time during his flight
69k likes :)
Youre 33 or 34 years old right since u were born in 1987 or 1986 since u said a couple of months from when u were born and the date that was shown was september 1986 but i also did 1987 just to be sure
THIS IS THE QUESTION I ALWAYS HAVE EVER SINCE I WAS A KID! THANK YOU! (I first watched this movie when I was at elementary school)
Up and away literally
Biggest thing for me was, if that many balloons were being pulled from one spot on the house, it would probably rip it out before it ever got off the ground
Geography teacher: how do you know all that??? Me: FILM THEORY
Fiik u . Film terro_rist. Y u r ruining all good movies 😭
I quit my 9-5 with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
You forgot the helium canisters. The price will immediately skyrocket to around 8 to 10 million if you included them.
Matt patt : but hey that is just a theory a film theory ( so you better believe it)
Oh I remember the balloon fest and the monstrosity
For some reason I laughed at the first 10 mins but my excuse is that I was 5 and every subsequent viewing made me cry
I skipped when he talked about science:/
*. . . 888,888th Viewer . . .*
I learned more stuff here than in online classes.
1:15 sauce
You forgot to theorizing the perfect rope for the balloons
Matpat since you are revisting old movies and seires can you make a theory on how cloudy with a chance of meatballs Flints invention even possible to work in the reall world and how is it possible
I want to hear Austin say "Dear Pixar, your balloons make no goddamn sense!"
But what if     He went full Hindenburg style, HYDROGEN.
ELON MAKE IT NOWWWW
You forgot to weigh the furniture
you like time travel stories then please this out for free  'THE EXPEDITION TO THE QUANTUM WORLD' only on amazon kindle
the furniture
Now you need to tell us how many to lift the Statue of Liberty...
Why usa isn't using metric board
balons also leak, dont they?
Wouldn't the force of all those balloons rip the roof off the house?
I can make it past the first 10 minutes without crying. In fact I can stay happy.     Am I human?
I whatched the nat geo documentary years ago on tv. Makes me feel so old I wished that you would redo the calculation with giant balloons instead of regular balloons cause one is sooo much efficient than the other, but oh well
The type of balloon wasn't specified in the premise. Limiting the answer to party balloons is not answering the question. What about weather balloons? Hot air Balloons?
The opposite of up. DOWN. What If Mr beast did that
please tell me i’m not the only one who didn’t realize the house was the same house from the beginning of the movie when they met
MATPAT WHY AREN'T YOU USING METRIC AND WHY U.S ISN'T USING METRIC BOARD
gravity works diffrentally in up as it can lift a balloon cart in the start of the film
so what i'm hearing is if i go to a high school and pay kids  it would take as little as $627328 at minimum wage to make a house fly using balloons?       might as well make it an ever $6m and build the house as well.
For 5M, just fly there.
You just assume 50 ft of fishing line for every balloon? You didnt even take into account the volumetrics of the balloons in the space above the house. I posite that it would be PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE for the same reason as the standard party store string
what about Hydrogen?
it maby haydrogen but thaths a dumb idea
Big bruh moment
So Carl funded his adventure with his wife's life insurance policy?
8:18 Small mistake, but the Earth spins from West to East too, that's why the Sun rises in the East
Omg ive always wanted to know this
Hey Matpat! You know all those space movies? Y'know, all the ones with space travel? Like of any kind?  ln(0.0099158/760) = (349.6/0.008314)(1/5184 - 1/X)  ln -11.246942 = (349.6/0.008314)(1/5184 - 1/X)  Solve first parenthesis on the right. -11.246942 = (42049.5549)(1/5184 - 1/X)  Divide left by first parenthesis on right. -2.67540331e^-4 = (1/5184) - (1/X)  Subtract 1/5184 from left -4.604415657 = 1/X  Cross multiply 1 = -4.60441567X  Divide both sides by -4.60441567 X = -2171.82825  X is the boiling point of iron in degrees Fahrenheit at the air pressure of outer space.  The cosmic background temperature is -455 degrees Fahrenheit, and solar winds range from thousands to millions of degrees Fahrenheit.  I used this website for reference to the equation I used: https://socratic.org/questions/how-do-you-calculate-boiling-point-at-different-pressures  P.S. In case you didn't notice, at the air pressure available in outer space, even solid iron is vaporizing at temperatures far below what a space craft would experience in the shadow of our Earth, let alone entertaining the idea of capturing solar energy with solar panels.
What if you had a team of people blowing up the balloons 🤔
a better question can a balloon lift my PP?
Comment for that DIAMOND PLAY BUTTON!!
Matt, please keep using double baltic in videos. I love that phrase/its story and it makes me smile every time.
Bet Elon musk could do it.
Anyone else want matpat to make new anime theory? I knida want him to do one on shield hero, it's so good..... Sorry, I have fallen into the weeb's hole....
Um...as one Danganronpa character said... Your reasoning is out of focus!  Have you considered the weight of the furniture? Considering the Weight of the whole furniture,It would take even more ballons!
Store worker: How many helium balloons do you want?  Carl: Y e s
I have been waiting for this
wouldnt the friction of the ballons rubbing against each other in the thunder storm like- ok...
I am pretty sure you already poste this video a while ago
Huh that’s why turtles are endangered
this sounds like a thing mr. Beast would do
As if 9.6 million subs isn't validating enough
Easier explanation:   Zeppelin balloons are a thing. Carl is basically just making a house zeppelin. End of story
did he also calculate balloon over time with inflation as well as helium scarcity?
Did you know there's a theory that in up Karl is passing up into heaven and tussle is his guardian angel.
Dude please you have to do a video on the movie afterlife it is one of the greatest movie mysteries
Did Matt write this episode as a way to throw shade on Cleveland?
child endangerment is not a fun trick tbh MattBratt.
Could you make a video on Pixar's brave ... The old lady in that was very mysterious. Idk why I think you could make a theory on that
Ah, a nice short vid
hey your fourth channel could about mythbusters which many people believe
Noice
I thought he had a trigger to blow all them up at once
If you have enough money to throw away to do something like this, you probably have enough money to pay people to set it up. I would much rather have a floating house than a dumb clock in a mountain.
"Might make you feel a little bit better about life"  Proceeds to ruin childhoods
My question is, how did Carl covered  all of that balloons for 10 years that can lift his house? If it can lift his house, then does that mean that he need a cover that's heavier than his house?
UHM, ACTUALLY, JENNA MARBLES PROVED U COULD DO IT WITH A DOG FIRST, MATTHEW, GET UR FACTS STRAIGHT  also i am begging u to please change the film theory intro gtlive and game theory have had more intro changes than film theory ever has and i believe that film theory can break out of its middle child curse and cross 10 million if u changed the intro im kinda actually begging here
What’s the name of that anime 1:16
He doesn't even go into all of the added weight in the house from reinforcing it enough to be liftable from a central point. Just one more impossibility of the premise.
Game Theory: How hot is hotland (UNDERTALE$
another continent?, really??...
Would the house just not eventually fall apart?
speaking of balloons where do they go after a kid lets it go . do they go to the same place as nerf darts . if so where do the nerf darts go
What's the chance he uses hydrogen, isn't it even lighter than helium
Screw the cost, I expected some BnL branded fighter jets to knock him out of the sky for floating through restricted airspace...
This is exactly the reason why I love maths!
matpat amthibia theory
It wouldnt cost anything if you don’t pau for it xd steal the balloons
6:23
All these videos that’s too much
This is why hello I’m is so expensive and so rare
That david Blain stunt wasnt the 1st time it was done. A guy did it in the 70s i think in usa. He used a deck chair and  had a pellet gun and a few beers too. Using a lot of helium spending his savings to buy it and the balloons.
7:13 double boultick
There was once this time where I was at a wedding and I took every single balloon at the end of the wedding and my cousins and I tried to make me fly- it didn’t work.
I'm 12 minutes away from Cleveland!
I love when you get super sciencey 😂
Watch weathering with you you even cry more than Up
It's a surprise that mat pat took this long to see into the logic of UP anyone else suprised? 😂😂
"Movie is a Movie" No need to take it into Real life
i never got to see up but now dksney plus is out in my country so i now i am gonna see it
Matpat: to my billionaire viewers out there this would take ten years to blow up all the balloons   Jeff bezos: or I could underpay millions of people to do it in horrible conditions 😀
You'd need a heck of a lot more balloons just to make up for the loss of helium in the ones blown up earlier. And you would need to keep replacing them as you flew unless you somehow travel at high speed and dont pop any... meaning you would need even more balloons to accommodate the weight of the stuff you need to replace balloons as you fly.   Its like jetpacks and rockets. You want to go farther, so u need more fuel. But in order to carry more fuel, you need to burn more fuel. Making any long distance travel simply unreasonable and non financially sustainable.
S C I E N C E ! !
How much weight and cost would you reduce the totals by if you filled the house with balloons and saved on fishing line?
*Towards the end* Is this where the theory that Carl is actually dead, Russelle & Dug are his guardian angles, taking him to heaven, come in?
Over on food theory can you tell me how to get my most money worth?
Dang! I haven't seen that intro in a while!
"Still a better love story then any love story."  Me who just watched Up and is still crying: "So true.;-;"
Lawn Chair Larry.
8:18 but isn't the earth spinning in the opposite direction and the way it is shown in the video would be wrong?
Also if someone in comments knows pleas inform me or do it themselves without nicking the credit
can you do an episode on the IT crowd mystery, Whats behind the green door? I don't know if its possible, but please?
Counterpoint! His balloons were definitly not all regular party balloons, just look how big they are. Most of them are larger than those, and there are even some smaller seemingly regular party balloons in the mix as well.
why do i have so many likes
I've recently discovered what a fall guy looks like inside perhaps you could do a theory over on game theory it's preaty gross but interesting unfortunately I have no clue how to send a pic as I don't own twitch or twitter
What about a blimp
PLEASE DO A THEORY ON HOW THE MONSTERS IN MONSTER INC CAN PRODUCE POWER WITH CHILD SCREAMS(OR LAUGHS)   Preferable start with sound waves, and wave lengths and frequency, their relationship with each other in the theory of sound waves
You ruined my favourite childhood movie why
You should’ve depicted the air as predominantly nitrogen in the beginning 3:03
Why up
sounds like a Mr beast video.
#10Mfirfilmthreoy
I can't believe that, for the first time ever, I knew what Matt was talking about! When he started talking about the Subtropical Jet Stream, Hadley Cells, and how air moves between the equator and the poles, I knew all the lingo because I JUST learned this in my geography class two days ago ^_^
Matpat my best every subject teacher
And that is why we have airplanes and not flying houses😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yes mat pat, your videos always bring me joy, thank you and your welcome .
if you were born a month later 1987
I liked the video because of that double Baltic joke. That was absolutely perfect
Bro we need me beast to try this
Drink Diet Coke Matt! If you want to watch Up all the way through!
matapat: talks in lpbs me: matpat:... kg me:ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Mr. Beast can do it.
Fact: matpat is jealous of how come that old guy make an flying house ( and it,s dream of matpat to live in a flying house )
Ah finally, been waiting for this
Not to mention that that amount of fishing line, even at its smallest diameter is going to take up around 4 square kilometers, which probably wouldn't fit in my main man's fireplace.
Will the real Mr Beast stand up..
Ewww math
Y’all aren’t allowed to tell me that I have no soul, because I know. I have never cried while watching Up. :|
Carl is one rich guy
But MatPat did you take into consideration the weight of all the furniture and and stuff inside the house, as well as both the characters?
8:05 nice equator placement, mat. lol
Man the background music really made me think Someone playing music in my house it was creepy
gravity falls part 2 plese.
Man: uses many huge plastic balloons to skydive Me: weeps in environmentalism
YAY SCIENCE EPISODE!!! MY FAVORITE
its lay glaners ay la glanese for u americans
Does the zombies decompose in World War Z
He is wrong about the costs - he left out taxes.
So, Carl had to rob a bank on the night before as well as filling and tying the baloons. Ok, I accept it
But how about the tensile of the fishing line???
What about the house falling apart when the fireplace is ripped from its center? Foundations are part of a house for a reason!  Another critique, The balloons would crush each other if they were all mounted to the same point
Conspiracy theory: Carl is actually ascending to heaven, because he died. Russel is his guardian angel and paradise falls is heaven. I read about this theory a few years ago and don’t remember all the details, but thought it would be interesting to mention.
Another thing about helium balloons is the way they react to air temperatures. Cold air, like what one might run into at high altitudes, causes the balloons to shrink and lose their ability to stay airborne. Meanwhile warm/hot air will make them expand and eventually pop. Either way, as far as I know there is no possible way that Carl's house would stay in the air long enough to reach Paradise Falls. I doubt he'd even make it out of the city depending on how large it is.
This vid is great don't get me wrong, I guess I just miss lore theories
i thought he could fly....
When you miss the intro
Did he just say “another continent”?  Is South America not America ? xD
So, sientifically, it's possible.  But economically, it's not.
Love you
7:07  at least we're not Detroit.  WE'RE NOT DETROIT!
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR YEARS FOR THIS VIDEO CONTENT
I’ve been waiting for this
It would take 10 years if you do it by yourself so......
There is no way the house in Up is 2,800 Sq feet... go back and re-watch and look the size of the rooms and the characters. If you are going to do all this math at least get the sq-feet of the house roughly correct. That house is like 1,400 sq feet or so. It is tiny. This is the first time I have seen him be so far off with his work. Very strange.
MatPat didn't even go into the massive amount of legal jiu-jitsu and red tape something like this would involve. I'm sure the FAA would have had a field day with Carl.
Im from Ohio too
I saw someone ask this on an old video! I watched it yesterday!
The friction between the balloons would cause them too die early?
watch how matpat destroyed other theorist.
Ahh, the video I waited for so long
"I'm originally from Cleveland so i'm aloud to make that joke but Cleveland is like the double Baltic of cities" Wow Mat's putting a food theory joke in film theory tsk tsk tsk ItS aMaZiNg
How many other people are wondering if Matpat used the double Baltic on accident, or if now that the phrase has been explained he's just letting it fly?
u didn't account for the weight of the inhabitants of the house and the possessions inside it
Stop giving Elon ideas
OK- so that's the result. What if instead of using numbers of balloons, you increase the balloon's effectiveness? Is there any way to make it outer helium/compress the helium to fit more in? Or perhaps use hydrogen instead, and devise a method of making it safe so we don't have hindenburg 2. I don't know if any of that is possible, or would help much, but it might be interesting to look into for those with the time/inclination.
Okay call me weird but can we get a film theory about how old Peter pan is? I mean in just curious, at the end of the movie wendy was all grown up and had a kid of her own but peter pan was still a kid so in wondering how many other generations he's lived through, just curious
Me who read Roopai Pai's book for science and read the chapter for this   Me: *NUAHAHAHAHAHHAH*
I heated about the diamond play button and I tried to subscribe, but then I realized I’ve been subbed for almost 5 years now lmao hahah don’t judge its 1:35 never mind 1:36 am and I’m tired af... keep up the amazing vids mat love you so much and have an amazing day. Also that’s for talking about my favorite movie of all time
Do people just forget that Mythbusters existed??? SMH
he could’ve taken a bunch of balloons from the job he worked for a couple decades. maybe that’d help the cost a bit
What about gravity. Can you consider the force of gravity in pixar's multiverse to be similar to our own. I'm disappointed I expected gravity calculations.
It would just be cheaper to fly there
Now the really question is how many peopls we will need to do this all in one day or else
You, probably at some point in your life: Why would i ever need to use this math and physics in real life? Matpat:
Wouldn't the strings break?
First time on your channel. I like the video. I subscribed. Thanks for the entertainmrnt.
Elon Musk has just found the new SpaceX propulsion design
Rick Grimes be like "Coral dont fly away"
The age old question.
im sure the billionaire can just hire lot of people to fill up the balloon?
When the goverment sais "stay home" but you really wanna go overseas:
I have a very unpopular opinion about Up. I’m no that big a fan of it. Yes, the first 15 minutes where there’s no dialogue is fantastic but if you ignore that part and just watch the rest of the movie it is just decent.   Granted it is Pixar so their “bad” movies are usually a lot better than other animation companies. And so in comparison their decent movies are still awesome. So it is a good movie but it’s not quite as good as how a lot of people rate it amongst the other Pixar movies.
What about the weight reduced when Carl removed the furniture ?
My doubt is  Why doesn't the house float until he releases them out???? And how does he fit them in there
You need the double play button
Im glad MatPat has 10 hours of Shreksiphone in his playlist
Any Clevelanders in this comment section?
I have Watch up 1000 times
How has this only been made 10 hours ago?!
I litterely started to cry during this video
Moneyed people can make an army of poors do that manual task for them. It just increaceses the costs.
Up is my favorite movie
Missed the chance to use an octoroc balloon joke from botw
So they literally built a house and tested it with balloons... But you don't like the methodology -.- which is objectively more accurate then your 10 minute rant???
Love this channel ❤❤ xx
Who said he paid for the balloons buddy
Well now I know your bday
Everytime the intro plays I hum along because its very catchy 🌌🎧🎧🎧
I like these old animated movie ones. I really missed these ones, and honestly don't like all the Rick and Morty ones
If it costs 5.8 million to pull that thing off...  And a trip for 2 to Venezuela is WAY cheaper than that...  What kind of 'grand adventure' are they ACTUALLY planning?
To be honest I wish it was Austin doing the counting
This watching this in 2020 because it came out in 2020
It’s been a bit since I’ve watched film theory I’ve been watching game and food theory 😬
Finally, the very question that I need answer for!
When is the security breach theory coming
Atleast 1
You should do book theory because then you could read the books and then see all the inconsistencies between the book and the film. Then it would be: game theory, food theory, film theory and book theory.
I thought about this a few days ago...
795321th and 6580th Comment
Yes Yes Finally He did it He made the theory
And what about getting strangled in towers
I still question the whole lifting the house with balloons thing.. You'd need some sort of reinforced system to attach the balloons too that would lift the house as close to uniformly as possible or else whatever you attached the balloons to would just rip off. Also, I think it would take even more balloons then he predicted, that 11g of buoyant force (I'm guessing at least) is pulling straight up at a 90 degree angle. By the time you get to the 24 millionth balloon or so there's not going to be any way for them to pull at a optimal angle, they'll be wayyyy out to the side and I doubt you would get the full lifting power at that angle of lift. But then again I'm not a physicist so maybe I'm completely wrong.
Mat pat forgot something if a there going close to hot climates that would Burst the balloons (equator)
Somehow I wish this video was longer
Right now we just stop worrying about whether patterns and started to learned about astrology, astronomy, and other stuff
Unless you get half the amount of people with the amount of balloons needed to lift the house and then they all pump each of them with helium and tie it to string already tied to the house
talking cost and time spent to inflate all those balloons, it implies that this has been a pet project for decades! UP! was always Carl and Ellie's plan!!! ITS A WORK!!!!!!
Anime?
When this teaches me about wind patterns than school does
Cleveland thought their 1.5 million balloonfest was going to really “show the world” what they’re made of. I watched clips of a news reporter saying on tv “Cleveland is no longer the mistake on the lake” 😂😂😂 the posted the link in the replies. It’s hilarious.
Disney: Our Balloons will blot out the sun!
THE SCIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gotta love austin
(4:03) The Pink Lady located in Eureka CA
Wouldn't the ballons have to be even stronger because we see that they literally pull the house off its foundation?
SO MUCH NOSTALGIA FOR THIS MOVIE I CANT-
No. No you cant.
Elon musk will just hire a town to fill the balloons for 100 an HR per person
I wanna live in the up house replica
Or hire 100 people to blow up 20 thousand a day. Just saying, if they have the cash to buy ask the rest then why not pay people money to help.
Sao still sucks
God dammit I work at party seeing my work place in a video is weird
that was a lot of math and a lot of tons to fly wow that is a lot of money that got to west and that is not a thing so thats all is going to be for nothing but good try.
where do you even get 3 MILLION balloons from???
The one question that nobody that I’ve seen has answered, is how in the world with the house stay on the ground with all the balloons attached? If having the balloons attached and opening the roof to let them in the sunlight rips the house off the foundation then why wouldn’t the helium do the same thing under the roof?
the diamond plaque doesn’t signify your channel you guys are always greats
You can just get help from 31,150,318 people and it will only take ten seconds
Hey matpat, try watching Loving Vincent, it's an underrated animated that took around 6 years to make because the process used paint instead of digital animation, im not asking for a theory, im just asking you to watch it
Good Old Theory
Forgot to take into account helium leakage.
Oh hey, a old style MatPat theory of proving something with real life from the speed of sonic to the height of characters and the possibility of balloons beeing able to lift a house.
MAtt : It would take 10 years to pull of the stunt Me : Guess someone can do that since its pandemic and quarantine and one day looks like a years for me XD
And here goes mr beast with floating house tour
So you’re telling me as soon as I save up 5.1Million dollars and 120 friends and we’d have the balloons up in a month? Mr Beast could do this, maybe 2020 won’t be so bad after all 😎
Myth buster also did an experiment! They ended up lifting some coworkers daughter lol
Mr. Beast in 10 years......
I have been waiting for this t h a n k y o u  mr matpat
Make a back to the future theory
I’M FROM CLEVELAND TOO
Great vid
But matpat you forgot that in Pixar universe not everything weighs the same nor is the gravity the same what if all things there is made of marshmallows or the gravity is less, anything is possible in a fictional P💡xar universe it could be a potential theory that people in the P💡xar universe are not made of real human flesh and are actually  made of something very different. It will be very... Interesting 😐🤔
I'm pretty sure if I try to raise my house off the ground with balloons and travel parts of South America just to leave it at a waterfall, I'd be grounded for LIFE!! good video and hope everything is going well for you, Mat.  Take care.
Simple solution to how he got the balloons, he just took out a mortgage on his property and used the money to order them from Amazon
I’m more of a Cincinnati guy than Cleveland
I'm wondering. Why isn't anyone considering that it's not Helium in the balloons? It's shown to be have WAY more lifting power then normal early on when his cart would try to lift off. maybe Hydrogen? or hot air? Maybe even Some strange mixture of hot hydrogen? lol. Maybe the air in that world has a different mix of air then ours which makes the balloons have more lift then normal?  Idk just seems passed over abit. Add-on: And also assuming that the "Rubber" balloons aren't something along the lines of some kind of carbon or more scifi make. If we're going on the pixar theory and they're along side inventors such that's in the Incredible there may be a large stock pile of materials that they ended up using instead.
You have arguably the most energetic voice on youtube, aside from the streamers who talk like 15 year olds on mountain dew.
“You will always remain in my watch later playlist” what a mood
Is it possible that Carl did not use helium but instead uses another type of gas like hydrogen? If that is so then  the number of balloons should be lesser right?
This man really said the earth spins East to west at 8:15 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Stop ruining my CHILDHOOD
11:10, I mean, if they had enough people with them it might work, because almost all of pewdiepie's subscribers could volenteer, and mr beast's, basically, over 100 million people could volenteer, sure even then it might take more than that, but there's also things that can fill up about 50 balloons at once and automatically tie them that are made for water balloons, but if we could make some for helium balloons, we might be able to get it done in less than a decade, possibly less than 5-8 years if we have humans and machines.
Ballons have very little mass there no way it will even move a house
I got about 20 million balloons from extremely quick math and very rough estimates (haven't made it to MatPat's estimate yet)
would have been easier to just build a zepplin
Hello internet welcome to film theory , where we solve mysteries 10 years after the release.
Hey MatPat could u do a theory on where Fez from That 70s Show is from? He's always known as the foreign kid but they never specify where hes from and it would be cool if you did this theory
You explained up for the new generation huh? Because if you’ve never seen up you’re not a human
What about the strength of the rope??
Literally just re watched this yesterday
11:10 MatPat: It’ll take 10 yrs to blow up all these balloons Mr.Beast: *first person to blow up all these balloons get to live in a floating sky house*
The Tsunami scene in Aquaman! Please make a theory about how many people died during the Tsunami.
What about the amount of balloons it takes to take the house from the foundation?
U should do a video talking about what power the one ring of power actually holds, and why sauron has such a powerful hold on the minds of the ring barrier.
Heres sum facts: the replica of the house is in salt lake city utah i live here and have lived here my whole live and ive seen the house so 👉👈 4:39
wait wait another continent???
I know the money is a concern in this theory.... but what if Ellie had a sweet life insurance policy..... new theory: Karl poisoned her to finally fund his wacky trip!
I do not owe anyone anything now because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I always thought that the old man had a special type of helium he puts in his balloons because when he gives children balloons his ballon cart was floating
L
I live near that real up house . Haha it’s in the neighbor I’m in
What if they use Nasa Balloons? 🎈and thats just a comment theory
The replica house is actually in Herriman Utah.
Idea billionaire hires 3650 people who know how to blow balloons and it takes a day
I do not cry at the start of Up. I also expect the Spanish Inquisition and know why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch. And yet, I still cannot defeat legos
Lol been waiting for this since forever
Next up wizards tales of Arcadia
Yes
The chimney would have broken before it got off the ground
I mean also being in the air
When you forget that you also need oxygen because of how little oxygen there is super high up in the sky?
What about the necessary force to rip the house off the electric wiring and water piping?
He finally did it
Hey Matt Pat would it have been better if they filled them up with smoke instead of helium
I think people aren't talking enough about the fact that Carl decides to blow up the balloons in one night. By himself. An elderly man. That's the real feat.
Elon will make a machine to automate such a time consuming process of making and attaching the balloons, you wait and see!
👍
To mention balloons deflate overtime, especially the cheaper ones to make this slightly more reasonably priced
Image Mr beast was watching this video
How about making "The streaming Theory" cuz streaming is the new film.  For example:  I'm sure there are a few things you can question about "Raised by Wolves" perhaps?
Is it just me or has there been a lot more theory videos lately? Either way im lovin it
Loved this!
Any more gravity falls theorys? I just rewatched it
5.1 million isn't actually THAT much money. I mean for normal people that's a lot but like... *dial* *dial*  "yooo Elon, how's it going? Yeah can you do me a favor? Yeah I'm sending you the link now"
U ARE like my math teacher
MatPat: It would take 10 YEARS to blow up all those balloons.      10 Years Later...          Every news station: “A MAN HAS FALLEN INTO THE RIVER IN LEGO CITY!! START THE NEW RESCUE HELICOPTER”
David blaines greatest trick will be convincing us he never existed
Matpat explains how water curves in another episode? How is gravity not a strong force with Helium????
The biggest flaw with the theory is how does he manage to keep his house from floating before he’s ready? Helium doesn’t loose it’s buoyancy simply because it’s under a roof.
the real question is HOW MANY CHANNELS DOES THIS DUDE HAVE-
If helium is lighter than air should the house flight out of orbit?
I'm surprised you didn't account for all Carl's stuff, Carl, and Russell
Wait what about all the stuff that’s in the house? Cuz that’s a lot of weight
i love the intro song
im surprised that matpat idnt do a theory on the loud house
Bill gates has just gotten an idea...
Where would you attach the ballons to begin with that wouldnt pull free... or cause other things to tear free? Thats my real question.
This movie made me cry so much so I recommend you watch it also it is a Pixar Classic other than Toy Story.
I'm annoyed you just ignore word of god from the directors giving you an official statement that it's 1800 square feet. (Which you showed earlier in the video!) Decent math, though.
I am 9 hours late OnO
"The rivers are so polluted that all our fish have aids"
America: oh we need to cut down on pollution!  Also America: *let’s let off a billion balloons*
Didint Carl kidnap the boy scout
Here’s a film theory question for you: how strong is Superman’s laser sight?
I have been waiting for this for years!
The question of my childhood
This reminds me of my favorite paradox. If you ask Rick Astley for his copy of the movie UP, he can not do so. However, by not giving you up, he lets you down.
As a boy scout I volunteer as tribute
I found the guy in math class
If it’s not to much to ask can you do a cobra Kai theory on like what will happen next season or the fate of Miguel (Like my comment so MatPat will see)
This Video Told Me.That It Could Have Been Cheaper, Just to Move The House To Paradise? And That The old man Is A Secret Millionare?
Hey mat pat do math correctly @5:51 7.3g.......
Math Time!
Cats: meow Dogs: woof 9-year-olds: *FIRST FIRST*
You are not first, You are not last, But most certainly Nobody asked
You really love theories punes
Its my birthday today and I really like the channel so I watch it in my birthday
2:08 MatPat might have well just sung the final line from Satisfied from Hamilton “I will never be satisfied.”
Also the altitude would pop the balloons so you need a lot more balloons and a lot more money.
But Matt there's one thing you left out; the balloons are different sizes than what you're comparing.
Would have preferred to have your video longer
Film theory odea for a video make another theory based on jojo bazzare adventure pls
I have never cried during up ONCE
I don't need anymore my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
We have Game Theory, Film Theory and even Food Theory. Where is our Book/comic Theory, I mean, not every hero and villain have gotten a movie or TV show, and there are some good books out there that need some conspra- I mean, Theories
Re zero....
Dream crusher, I would expect this from Austin but from you Matt, this one hurt.
Kudos to you Mat for not spoiling the first moving sequence of the movie! Well done! Great video as usual!
Wouldn’t the strings snap?????
I used to work at Party City and I can confirm that those balloons are made of unbreakable material
Stuff I’d be interested in knowing: What about the additional balloons it would take to rip the house from it’s foundation? How fast is the house going to rise once it is free? How long does it take one man inflate 31 million balloons? When would he have to have started? Could he ever do it, given that as he inflates some, others will deflate? How much would this cost? Edit: I initially commented towards the start of the video. Several points were covered, but not all.
this guy keeps ruining my childhood but it to interesting to not watch
I like the pun in the beginning of the video
What about the people inside that house???? that is added mass so it's even more than what MatPat estimated
MatPat: "It would take 10 years to fill up all of the balloons"  Me: "You'd be lucky for the balloons to stay inflated for a week"
Ok seeing that intro scene with catniss I want to make an announcement for all of gen Z  WATCH THE SERIES NOW  It's a great series and I think gen Z will absolutely love it
I was going to ask how high a balloon could lift the object. Could it lift it at cloud level?
No way all 30 million balloons could have a string that's 50ft or less. Even if you account for the extra length of string from the closer balloons. Just satyin. :)
2:20 another continent?! It's still America!
Wouldn't the fishing line break?
Can you make a theory about ultraman  Since you make other tokusatsu theories Any theme  A. Ultraman vs power rangers megazords who would win? B. does Ultraman or the defense force pay the destruction of the fights C. Ultraman vs neflix voltron who would win!? I insist?!
About time MattPat solved the greatest mystery of all time!!!!
The 5-year-olds watching be like David Blaine & Mat Pat....stop copying MRBeast!!!!
Sir I’m going to need you to cover the owl house ASAP
Yaaaaaas matpat referenced horizon at the edge of nowhere!
Watch mister beast take all these numbers and do it
Mr. beast will watch this and realise his dream of flying with balloons had already happend
Carl: ... well ... i tried
Matpat: makes fun of Cleveland Cleveland: but at least we’re not Detroit
in minute 8:13 you mention all of america but you only showed the USA. not even canada or mexico. And it will be amazing if you did an analysis of mulan is it a success or not and why not. I love the channel and really appreciate the effort
I've been waiting so long for this!
Elon musk: are you challenging me
Been so long me wanting this!
:)
Jesus Christ loves you
I subscribed and turned on the notifications.
Still by far my favorite YouTube opening music of all time!
ohio gang wya
Also take into account where you could possible attach the balloons to hole the whole house. Also could a house be carried without falling apart? How long would it take to attach them all? Also the balloons calculated was most likely just to keep it buoyant. I SWEAR I’m not flexing right now I’ve just never seen answers to these questions.
*Thank God it's MatPat*
Mat: TOO much COST  MR.Beat : Interesting
matpat should do a theory on the pixar theory/timeline
I’m pretty sure he challenged Elon Musks to prove him wrong
You could significantly reduce the price of the fishing line by tying the balloons to the line in an optimized spiral pattern and by finding the optimal length for an individual line of balloons.  Furthermore, all the balloons lifting the same point threatens the structural integrity of the house. Think of a tornado ripping apart a house.
Remember when you simultaneously whipped and NEA NEA'd
Please do a video on akira
MatPat, were the total prices for the balloons, the fishing wire, and the helium _TODAY'S_ prices, or those of around the time that UP seems to portray? I ask this because the pricing detail makes a load of difference. :)
No way is the up house 2800 square feet, my house is 1,700 and is two story, three bedroom, one bathroom. I think they fudged those numbers
Day 1 of asking MatPat to find out how much Kuvira from LOK's platinum mech suit would cost in modern US $
Hi
I legit watched this movie yesterday and wondered if you had made a video on if it was realistic, I checked and sadly it was not there, until today!
hehe carried away nice not so dad joke mr pat
He said double boltic ahh food theory
its back oh yes
I think mark rober needs to test this
Hey matpat, Have you ever though of starting a blue music theory talking about samples and songs that represent thing that most people dont see?
Omg yes I’ve wanted this theory for so long
Me:   Yes! Film theory uploaded a  new video!           Nooo! It's on UP!           Phew, doesn't seem too be dark! 0:49: *laughs ominously*
Billionaire friend: Thats why I hire people do it for me, MatPat. God, think for a minute. I'm a billionaire
I tried to challenge myself to find out if I could find the number of balloons it would take to lift the up house before watching this video. The Number I got was about 7.9 Million balloons or just about 8 Million Balloons. Time to find out how accurate I was.
Well they are smart people so they probably have life insurance witch would help fund his trip
Dang you film theory i was looking this up today and then you make this video.
Can you do a theory on how much the emerald city in Oz would be worth?!
3:11 That better be the Hijacked yacht or I don't deserve to say I've played COD.
funfact: Hellium is gonna be extinct in about 50 years from now
Hey mat pat I know this isn’t a movie but you really should watch Balala xiao muoxian or 喜羊羊与灰太狼(the movies) srsly this is what I grew up with and I wanna see you ruin it 😂
Mr.Beast 2030 I flew a house to South America
I dc what he said about billionaires Everyone keep Kanye away from this video 😂😂😂
Thumbnail: Can it Lift a House?  Me: I don’t know, can you please play Danganronpa on GTLive?
I don't think the number of balloons needed is very accurate since he didn't account for furniture and actually ripping the house from its foundations.
How did the balloons stop the lost people from being saved?
Heey i live in mesa  arzone  Phoenix
Great job. Now run the numbers with hydrogen?
I feel like I’ve been waiting for this for a while
Here's another thing that would greatly increase the balloons needed, although the amount of effort needed would be massive to figure it out. The length of string needed would increase over time, as the balloons formed a bigger and bigger barrier around the house, requiring more and more balloons the more you added. I get that this doesn't actually change the conclusion, but it would greatly increase the number of balloons needed.
Mat, after all your research, how is it possible that you said the house landed in an other continent???? Are there 2 different Americas??? Last time I checked there was just one continent called America... and the US is part of it. It’s just a little detailed you missed I guess... 🤷🏽‍♀️
MatPat doesn’t realize some of us would buy a factory (or two) to mass produce helium balloons.... 10 years? Yeah, ok... ;)
mat pat, oh mat pat, you forgot a very obvious hole in the plot the movie. the ablity for the house to hold together once lifted up. wouldn't it start to crumble apart?
maybe they offered him the five million to get rid of his house and sell his property.
Matpat assumes that a million air would be filling the balloons up himself 😂. There a million air there going to have people do it for them
this channel crossed 9 million a couple of videos ago I think.
Why don't you use hydrogen?
Here’s a question, how much force would to balloons need to rip the house off of its foundations like we see in the movie?
Knew MatPat was an Ohioan, didn't know he was also a fellow Clevelander!  🎵Fun times in Cleveland today! (It's Cleveland~)🤘
1:16 Technoblade potato war flashbacks...
Wouldn't the roof Just rip off?
Mr. Fredrickson could only afford this by collecting that INSURANCE CASH.
Omg helium is expensive in USA. In Russia it costs ~0,8¢ for 1 helium balloon.
Whats the name of the unappreciated obscure anime? Matpat. Looked at the poster and now im genuinely curious. Edit: time stamp 1:15
You are aware that South America is not another continent, right Matpad?
tell mister beast to do this
My son and I 'love your vids' he says. Thank you MatPat for doing what you do.
Thanks Matt I now know what I'm going to watch. And if there's any weird parts in that anime I'm going to judge you. lol oh ho ho Mat, what do we have here 🤭
would the house be able to hold it structure been ripped from the ground like that. i imagine the roof, floors and wall will brake apart.
Oh Cleveland.
can I request a remake of the film theory theme like what u did with game theory
The air in earth is actually made up of mostly Nitrogen not Oxygen.
FINALLY I WANT THIS THEORY FOR SO LONG
The 4th problem is too easy for Elon Musk
6:46 Carl: "My balloons will blot out the sun!" Russell: "Then I will earn my Wilderness Explorer badge in the shade!"
Two things that you didn't consider: 1. Given the speed of a Hadley cell, and the jet stream, what's the quickest that Carl would be able to fly his house down to Paradise Falls? 2. We know that balloons deflate over time... would a latex balloon be able to retain the helium for that long?
I laught threw the first 10 min
Heres my question- How did the house stay on the ground before he released the balloons from the chimney? It's not like they're tied to anything but the house at any point Why did keeping them in the house not either A. Cause the house to float or B. Simply rip the roof off since the upward force was enough to rip the house off the foundation.
What I wanna know is how the house stayed down for so long. Those balloons were always in the house, Carl just pulled a lever to let them out. And it didn’t just seamlessly detach from the foundation which would be keeping it down, we see it sorta rip out when the balloons are released. So what kept the house down?
When u live in salt lake city utah😀😃😝
I thought he'd say that the kid from up would have added just enough unaccounted weight that it wouldn't work
6:13 which one, the one your saying or the one on the text???? 😂😂😂
a lot of balloons
Let’s just ask mrbeast
Do Adventure Time
Do Adventure Time
Do Adventure Time
Did matpat account for the weight of the furniture
Do Adventure Time
It kind of makes me sad that the double BALTIC means bad cause im a Latvian boi
Cleveland gang rise up!
This is probably the only time that I will ever be interested in science and math.
I still haven’t hear a no so.....
Next Question, How much would it cost to move the house professionally?
I'm so surprised matpat didn't do this sooner
Could you do this with a hot air ballon?
So many science
Could you make a theory video about naruto not having back issues from his posture or... how fast you would have to be to able to jump as fast as sasuke
Also Cleveland - wtf is that That's so disgusting the amount of latex balloon liter they must've created with that festival
this is like the kirby water ability of film theory videos, it should have been made a really long time ago, and fits in pretty well with the other pixar movie ruining videos
Ha more like DOWN
At least 4
Wooo hooo 💎 play button
MAKE A WAKFU THEORY YOU AWESOME THEORIST
MatPat there is one more thing you forgot. Flying an unlicenced vehicle over country lines would alert the airforce.
Not to mention how many extra millions of balloons it would take to RIP the house out of the ground with all the wiring and plumbing.
how high can they get without popping tho
There was some factors mat pat left out for starters he is only counting the weight of the house so he left out the old mans stuff , himself ,and the kid so if he gose in he wont go anywhere so if this old man really wanted to make this happen he have to take all his belongings out and hope that it makes it to angel falls but hay thats just a commplant a matpat complaint thanks for reading
You forgot time and theft. Steal balloon here or there. Also, he’s in his 80’s without much to live for. Not exactly hard to imagine decades to amass the wealth and tie 5 balloons a day every day let’s say. Just spitballing numbers, but didn’t take those into account
Didn't account for the weight of the person's within the house too
YOUR ALMOST 40 dang your voice has not aged
Or if your a billionaire you could hire 1000 people and fill it up in a few hours
Me watches other theories *brain gets bored* Sees The Theorists channels *brain get 1000iq for watching the math and science with the funniest edits and person*
The fact it would take 10 years to fill all of them does break the plausability of Carl's actions, but I don't think the price does, bc he could have a limitless credit card or something, or write fundless checks to the places where he got the helium, balloons and fishing line, and never pay anything, since his plan was to live in the middle of nowhere, unreachable. Ok that he comes back to the US, which would mean he has to pay, but his original plan could cause him to steal all that stuff and get away scott free.
He had furniture as well...
Maybe he could’ve just stolen the supplies since Carl’s job was selling balloons for his practically whole life
I'm surprised it took him this long to make a theory about this, I just assumed he had done it already, it seems so obvious.
to think if matpat had the same amount of money he had subs he would have enough money to destroy very small governments
I HIGHLY doubt the weight of the house, even at 1/2 that amount - it's far too much even WITH the slab.  Think about 91,000KG In delivery materials... Or 91 Cubic meters of water?! 30ish cubic meters of concrete?! No way.
I used to be the neighbor of the up house lol
In my opinion, you would also need to account for the force you need to break free of the sealed water and sewage pipes, as well as the electrical lines ( but I could be wrong I haven’t watched the movie in years
Matpat: I’ve never been satisfied with the results  Cue the Hamilton joke
HEY, MAKE THEORY ON HOW STRONG IS BULLY MAGUIRE
alright this is good ok. no more vids on up. dont want anything turning sour.
Elon musk after seeing this: Attention beloved tesla employees it's time you stopped building cars and started filling these balloons.
HEY, MAKE THEORY ON HOW STRONG IS BULLY MAGUIRE
HEY,MAKE THEORY ON HOW STRONG IS BULLY MAGUIRE
HEY, MAKE THEORY ON HOW STRONG IS BULLY MAGUIRE
Me: *Blindly watching and not even listening to Mat Pat's calculation and gibberish while eating popcorn and just waiting for the answer*
Do Adventure Time
The UP! house is down in Herriman, UT
What would happen if you were to blow them up at once?
Do a adventure Time
Question... What volume of helium would that take? Is there even though helium available to do it?
by the time you finish blowing all the balloons up they'd all be deflated
I would like to see the opposite calculation: how much does the house weigh if an estimated number of pictured balloons in the movie could really lift it? And what kind of building materials might yield such a flimsy house?
Hey this comment is all about fnaf the real thing is glitchtrap is Vincent pretend to be William William turned to spring trap
https://youtu.be/16N4OjhjZAE
matpat and his team should make a website to share their data.
FINALLY I’ve been wanting a film theory on this for years
I didn't cry during the first moments of up I don't think I'm human👽
Yessss finaly I've wondered this for ever lmao 🤣 😂
Idc what anyone says, David Blaine is a living legend and we need to appreciate him while he’s here
wait, so is mat not going to mention how long the trip would take and how much supplies would be needed for the trip especially water?
See our river that catches on fire!
Me, who lives in Cleveland 😁
*gets flashbacks to the Luigi's Mansion episode*
me: time to go to bed new YouTube uploads: allow us to introduce ourselves
Quick answer: alot
Woo Salt Lake City. Just an hour away from there
You should do a WandaVision theory!
ayyyy matpat's a scorpio too
Mat pat next episode: whats luke the  notables net worth in mine craft?
Mythbusters already did this. Even before the movie existed. And that was with just a little girl. I remember it took them an obscene amount of balloons in a massive hangar just to keep her afloat.
The sad realization that this is not Austin doing the numbers on the balloons.
Yeah that’s what I was thinking too, I mean that house do is heavy
SO what your saying is given enough people and some time, a millionaire could pull off the sickest Disney stunt?
Heyyyy I live in Cleveland too!! Thats dope!
I've been waiting for this since the start of film theory. It's finnaly here!
But how many years until helium isn't used in balloons and kids no longer understand the party tradition of which Up so prominently displays? (Floating, helium filled, party balloons)
I was waiting for this video for years
Are you sure the guy’s name is Carl? I’m 90% sure that it’s Mr. Fredericton.
Does it make me a horrible person if I didn't cry once throughout this movie?
I thought this one was going to be a Austin one
I did I school project about this. 1 WEEK BEFORE THIS CAME OUT
But were did they use the bathroom though.
Somebody tweet this video to mr beast lol
One other big question. How would Carl fare? Clearly that high of an altitude plus the winds wouldn't exactly treat him kindly. The kid and the dog, maybe, but I don't think a guy in that condition could survive that trip.
Just putting it out there, I believe metric countries use kN or MPa when referring to dead loads or live loads. At least this is how it is in Canada. The US pound is a measurement of force, the SI gram is a measurement of mass, lbf≈ 4.4 N. lbs is a measurement of weight, which is m×g, in metric weight is measured in N (though many like to call kg weight). I'm not trying to criticize, it just kinda like trying to shake someone's hand with your foot.
perhaps ellie had life insurance
i live underneath cleveland (south)
I dont know why, i want a roblox theory on the gravity in that world because you can jump over a person  Good luck there!
Next u really should make a theory on fall guys and among us before you fall or the impostor kills u
You can lift your house, if you have an epic gamer chair.
you made me sad
Mat is 34?!
I know you probably won’t see this mat pat but if you do can you make another Hamilton video most likely the one where you said King George the 3rd might be right
great job on getting 9.5 million subs and when I’m watching this you’re at 9.6 million!! Awesome!
Get on it Mr Beast.
Did you  account for the force necessary to rip it out of the ground
Game theory has a cool new intro food theory has a cool intro . When will film theory get one, i want to see how will it be .
Mini theory: Carl DID get a large sum of money at the beginning of the movie. While BnL might have gotten away with forcing him to leave his home, both legally speaking and to prevent tainting the company's image, they still had to pay full price for the property, giving him the funds to start his adventure.
Mr beast get on this
hmm
Mat: There's one teensy tiny problem  Me: Airplanes  Mat: Cost  Me:.. oh right that too
I can't have been the only one who was waiting so long for this
What about the furniture, food and water supply weight 🤔
Does anyone have the thickness of all of those threads of fishing line in total that would have to come out from the house to each and every balloon?  I am just imagining something that would look like a tree trunk of mono-filament.
One thing he forgot to mention that I think might be a bit important is the static electricity those 31 million balloons constantly rubbing together would generate. I'm not really a scientist, but I feel like that much static might cause some problems with the balloons filled with highly flammable gas.
a water baloon?
OK American dad was left off in season five episode nine to stan dying do a theory on that
There goes my project then
Would it be cheating to heat up the air for the house to make the air lighter. If not I think we should get to work
2:21 North America and South America are together ONE continent, actually, there is Center America too. These United Statians people are *SOOOO* stupid  Edit: 8:11 You Guys are not all america, it is a *continent*. The United states *OF* America (U.S.A) appropiated the word "America" and made it their countrie's name, but the world is not gonna accept that, because *you f00ls are not america, you are the united states of america, even miley cyrus said that with the song "Party in the U.S.A." cuz' america is a continent*
Should have used hydrogen, much greater lifting power.  :)
It’s funny, I was just watching this movie with my little brother the other day, and wondering this exact question.
You forgot the fact that helium balloon, both Mylar and Latex, loose helium and lift over time. He would never be able to fill all 31M balloons before the early ones lost steam.
You missed another important issue Matt, how much force it would take to sheer the lag bolts holding the house to the foundation.  Highly doubt Carl crawled under the house with a reciprocating saw to cut each and every anchor point.
there’s also the (SPOILER) dodo race and the dog ship
fishing line has a strength rating (30lb test, 100-lb test, etc) and comes in 2 basic styles--monofilament (it's a single material extruded into fine strands, kinda of like a spaghetti noodle) and braided (multiple lines twisted and woven together to basically make a really tiny rope).  There's a regulating authority that mediates fishing records and sets rules for events regarding what gear can be used (ie, fishing tournaments) that caps line strength at around 130-lb test for either style, but you can find monofilament line rated up to 300lb test and braided all the way up to 600+ lbs.  That said, if you're connecting all that line to rooftop connection points I'm betting the roof itself cannot support the weight of the house-material below it and it just rips off.  Instead, you would want to install a rigid support grid below the part of the house you want to lift and attach the balloons to that along the sides of the house.  This strategy is already efficiently employed when you wish to move a house from one location to another on a truck bed, but in these cases they just cut any connection to the foundation after installing extremely powerful hydraulic jack systems to hold the weight of the house up so it does not settle (on top of the movers cutting it away from the foundation).
what about the fact that the fishing line would be and if I am wrong, please correct me, 1,246,012.76 square meters at the very least and the chimney is definitely not that wide. And giving the best time to fill up balloons as 10 seconds that would be 311,503,190 seconds or 519172 minutes or 8653 hours!   Edit: I did not watch the episode all the way before doing my math so, yeah.
Ok why is every youtuder I like is from Ohio
You will never be satisfied. I will never be satisfied.
What about the end he threw everything out of his house
I tried to make the balloon house. Didn't work. I had 73'000 and she still lived.
Me and matpat are both from Cleveland...and now that I think about it makes sense
When the world runs out of helium, blame Cleveland.
Did you do a video about Milo Murphy's law. If not please do so. Title: Milo Murphy's law bad luck or something else
Is it just me or do queen anne style houses look hella good
That was the moment I realized Carl definitely stole all of that stuff from his balloon cart’s supply wear house or something.
You didnt even get into landing... and how destructive almost any form of landing wouldnt destroy his home.
In the movie the house was ripped from the bolts in the foundation and it broke electrical connections to the house
This is my theory on the real story of UP https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
What about the balloons losing helium?
It's so weird. He hasn't changed the intro since it was made.
And you didnt even mention that the structure of the house isnt made to be lifted. If you could somehow manage to seperate it from the foundation it would fall apart because we build houses to stay on the ground
When are you going to have answers for hello neighbor 2 and hello guest?
It only takes 1 and use some LSD there ya go.
OMG it's finally here! I'm waiting this theory for so long!!! THANK YOU MATPAT U DA BEST
I don’t think a house would have the surface area to be able to place the balloons on(if you tied a ballon onto another ballon that would increase the weight being lifted)
0:09 o hel nah
Once a Brazilian priest tried to break the world record of flying for 19 hours with some helium gas balloons... He died doing that. Until today he is known as the "Priest of the balloons".  Just felt like giving you guys this random trivia.
Mythbistersnbusted this. You d need more balloons than the ones in Up to lift a child
I'm just left wondering how much wildlife died as a result of Cleveland releasing all those balloons. Jegus.
I know about double Baltic because I'm an intellectual and I watch food theory.
Wait... would the baloons even fit?are the strings long and strong enough to have the baloons at enough distance away to fit? Because tose many millions of baloons must have a whole ton of helium right? And not just a ton, but a whole ton?
BTW FNAF security breach trailer is released  Matpat please tell me who the fu$k is Gregory
Wait, Pixar released a anime????????
Me- *looks at thumbnail* FINALLY THE MYSTERIES OF THE UNIVERSE SHALL BE ANSWERED
ah so carl is dead.
Matpat: *trashes cleveland but asks for forgiveness because hes from there knowing hes probably gonna get hate for it* Me also from CLE: nah hes right.
What if you made one of those “bunch o balloons” things to load up the 50 million balloons?
Mr. Beast next video: Flying my house using balloons to MatPat's house to prove him wrong
Im m either Crazy or seen this episode before
MatPat please stop trying to insert identity politics into your content it makes it difficult to watch
I CALLED THE COST BEING THE TWIST! LET’S GO!
But how would the string not wrip
Have you considered the fact that they needed to break the jar to make ends meet because they spent 5 million dollars buying balloons, fishing lines, and helium?
I always assumed he was stealing from work because we see he works as a balloon salesman at like the zoo or something.
6:21 No wonder turtles are endangered.
Matpat, great theory but there is a problem. You did not consider the temperature of the gas at the time which will result in you having to fill less balloons as the volume of a gas is inversely proportional to temperature by gas laws. This means he wont have to use the helium at ideal 0° C and waste helium when he's living at somewhere around 25°. Thanks
What is the intro music
Ah Cleveland the butthole of the world, I say hi from Michigan
It would take a lot
What about the furniture
wait if he works as a balloon salesman in a zoo wouldn't that take out the cost of buying them if he just takes them from his job wit the helium?
didnt Mythbusters did it with Mr. Bean's flying baby??? and arrive at the same conclusion??
I thought the thing that would break it would either be lack of enough food/water for the trip or the fact that all the lift is coming completely from the chimney, so there might have been the possibility of the house being ripped in half or something like that
What is Matpat thinking, this was already proven by a bunch of guys on Discovery Channel. They lifted a house with a bunch of balloons. Here's the link:  https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
I swear to God you've covered this question before. Like years and years ago. Wtf am I going senile at the tender age of 25?
I’m also from Cleveland
Film Theory idea. How rich is Princes Ali? During the Aladdin movie they sing everything he owns ranging from 75 golden camels to 10,000 servants!
Another continent?? You know that Brazil and the USA are both in America, right?
Id imagine the US airforce wouldnt be to happy about an unknown object floating in american airspace
10:46 dont worry matpat the life insurance will cover all of that :P
What about the weight of the string holding the balloon
You just ruined this movie for me 😭😭😭
I'm from Cleveland and I approve of this message
Elon Musk: *sees this* “Screw Mars! Tell NASA to start blowing up balloons!”
Technically at the beginning of the movie you see that all the balloons are already blown up soooo... I think he actually spent 10 years blowing up balloons. 11:07
"He would've revealed he had a boy scout with him the entire time." Sounds like a Criminal Minds episode but ok
There are so many problems matpat didn’t mention in this Plumming and electricity when u get there: non existant Fitting comfortably in the house with that many thin strings leading hundreds of metres in the sky, unlikely Cutting all of the strings when you get to the falls in enough time that you don’t just pass over your destination: rediculious And don’t get me started on the turbulence and load bearing of balloons on the house to stand a remote chance of keeping the thing in one piece or how you’d have to connect that many balloons to the house in a way that doesn’t just pull chunks of your house out with a few hundred thousand balloons...
The real question is how would all the balloons fit in the house before they were blown up
I don't owe anyone anymore because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
The real question is how big is Carl’s Porch
OK
MatPat: *mentions double baltic*  Me, who watched food theory: "Hey, he said it!"
I love your theory I really do but there's a few things you forgot. Wich is one Carral works at a zoo as a ballon man selling them to kids. Then you for got to do the math with his and the kids wait in the house and every thing we see him own in the house to add to that. Also that's not including the other characters that rides In the house with him. In the end over all yeah still a amazing theory.
But...what about the other weights IN the house?
Not to mention that the balloons wouldn't lift the house, they'd rip apart the base of the chimney and leave the vast majority of the house on the ground. With a house that old, and especially with no foundation, it would never be able to fly no matter how many balloons you tie to a single object inside it because it would simply fall apart
casual comment to boost this video in the algorithm.... maybe.... hopefully.... probably not but oh well. hope you make it to 10 mil soon matpat!!
Ferb, I what were going to do today!!!
I’ve never cried at the start of the movie.
Matpat: $5108302  Mrbeast:Guess what we are doing for 100mill
Oh, dont even mention how the house was torn from tje foundation, how many balloons would that take
MAT CAN YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN NEGATIVE MASS TO ME I CAN’T COMPREHEND IT
Umm matpat the up house is in herriman utah not salt lake city.
Real question is how many hot air balloons to lift a house
So you're saying call Elon Musk?
I watched UP yesterday and I was like huh wonder when Mat is gonna do theory about how many balloons it took to lift the house
Ok people Film Theory Intro never change then again game theory's changed matt pat FIX THIS
11:17 Not to mention that if he were blowing up the balloons on his own, they would deflate by the time he actually filled and tied the full 31,150,319 balloons. At the very least he'd need more than a few extra hands, but judging by how he treats strangers, that doesn't seem very likely.
I know this is probably an overused comment but-    Why do I learn more here than I do at school?? 👁👄👁 like actually-
You don't understand how long I have been waiting for this
Elly died from inflating all those balloons.
Hey matpat I have a good theory it’s that rio hunter from legends of tomorrow is not dead because the one we knew that was the one from 5 years later their rip hunter is still alive somewhere
If he had a boy scout with him I think people would call him a nonse
Hey, consider that the balloons are only attached on the fireplace. The upward force is not well distributed. And thus, will only lift a portion of the house.
God what’s with UT first with kfc now this  I’m in UT sill.
I thought they would account for the weight of the furniture and other heavy objects....
*cough* I never cried during Up. Not once.
Do a theory on the flash cw
wouldn't the fishing line (under tension) slice right through the latex ballon
“-him and his late wife’s...” Late to what MatPat, late to what?!
Man this is my favorite YouTuber
Short answer: All of them.  Long answer: Still all of them, but explained.
5 year old me has been waiting for this.
That would make a good Mr beast video
Kwebblekop?
Finally someone answered this question!
why does this theory lend credibility to that sad theory about Up that the movie was Carl's trip to the afterlife?
So it basically would have been cheaper for him to pay a construction crew to pick up his house and ship it to Venezuela than to float it over with balloons.
That first ten minutes of Up has been shown in every animation and storyboarding I've ever had as an example of storytelling through visuals. It's a frikkin gem
I wish there was a skip intro button for this channel
Typical Theorist: Double Baltic? What is that?  Food Theorist: We got you, Matpat. <3
I thought Austin did a buoyancy vid on this subject, for this channel..? I've watched you guys for years. Stuff blends,  sometimes. I may be blending themes...
I'm a real man because I didn't cry
You made a theory on this but no comment on the scene where the lightning strikes the ground when the house was right beside it??
MatPat: cost to fly a house is $5 million  Mr Beast: meh..
So what you’re saying is that Jeff Bezos could fly a house to paradise falls every weekend for the rest of his life and still be a billionaire?
6 hours!
Speaking of Cleveland, may I recommended the Hastily Made Cleveland Tourism Video here on YouTube
Matpat I prefer you watch sci fi web series like flash and legends of tomorrow. I know some people doesn't agree with me but from season 2 the episodes are awesome give it a try
Sometimes I think MattPat REALLY needs to remember the MST3K mantra:  If you're wondering how he eats & breathes, And other science facts...(la! la! la!) Then repeat to yourself its just a show, I should really just relax...  (Sorry, couldn't resist...)  ;p
Let'a not forget that in the movie, he filled all his balloons OVERNIGHT
would the fishing line really be able to hold up the house without the lines snapping?
Dude please please do a theory on outlander! IM GENUINELY CURIOUS WHAT KIND OF TIME PARADOX GOES ON
Well finnaly. Why did yall wait this ten years for this theory?
Elon Musk - Matt Pat we can just exported the work to China 🇨🇳 they have 10million people as free labor. Then I am Invent a robot leaving them all jobless. It doesn’t matter to me, I get rich and the government gives out free benefits. And if I fund they campaign, They wouldn’t put up a fuss.
Those billionaire viewers, like one that owns a little known rainforest-themed delivery service, could just pay their vast number of employees to fill the balloons.  Done in a few days. Lets send another car into space; a gift to the world if it has a first class seat for the orangutan-in-chief.  Potus can Flotus on outta here.
As astronomical the amount of balloons, don't forget the added dynamic force needed to be separate the house from the the foundation.
Ive never cried from up not even when I was younger
I've been waiting for this theory for a long time Mat.   So thank you.
Film question how strong is all three Spidermen webs
How does this guy always include subjects that I just l learned
Film question how strong is all three Spidermen webs
Dear lord, I was just thinking about this yesterday!
FIRST!!!
Maaaaat paaaaat what about hydrogen balloons.
Honestly, the most unbelievable part of this movie is how Carl managed to fly to south america in his house IN ONLY 8-12 HOURS. That is the MAXIMUM life expectancy for latex balloons without some kind of special mixture to keep the helium from "expiring". Even WITH the special mixture, the life expectancy of latex balloons never exceeds 24 hours.
I think you should make the Forsyth Barr conspiracy theory where you debunk conspiracies
I would love to see MatPats “Show your work” section on his 5th grade math test
Moral of the story: money buys happiness
“It would’ve been more believable if after he landed he revealed he had a Boy Scout with him the whole time.”  “Who are you, who are so wise in the ways of science?”
Now I know what's real and what is  *✨🧚‍♀️ F a k e 🧚‍♀️✨*
matpat...why would they do it alone? lmfao, they'd hire a TEAM and probably automate a bunch of it, too!! X"D
Who else wants a Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere theory?
OMG, I watch UP last night and wondered if there was a film theory on it!!
What. I never knew matpat would be 34 this November 15. 3 days after my birthday
Given all this information, I choose to further believe the theory that Carl is dead, migrating towards the afterlife.
Man I’m stupid compared to matpat
Instead of 10 years for one balloon just get 30 million people
I literally just passed out five minutes ago because of drinking helium from a balloon and now this. I love coincidences. Other then the trauma though this was a great video. If you want the full story of the passing out check the replies.
i think the only part you got wrong was that it would take that much balloons to lift it one millimetre off the ground let alone a few miles
The double Baltic 😂
house
How much helium would you need and if you see this can I get a shout out I've been a longtime fan
do a beyblade theory. i wanna know how fast they have to spin to create tornadoes or fires.
Does your(matpat) calculation included the Furnitures and thinngs inside the house?  Just Asking, Maybe Missed it
But could 50 ft. of string be used for all of those balloons??? Hmmmmm
I haven’t watched since March and I forgot the intro song and it’s still so good
What about the furniture and other misc items in his house?
Price isn’t the only problem, air pressure and friction would also bring the balloons down
I always thought Carl stole it all from work
drake non stop
Don't we have a helium shortage now? Like would our earth have enough helium for this?
So how dose he land?
Film question: how strong are the webs of all three Spidermen
Mrbeast: sees video  Mrbeast: 4 months later  Mrbeast: today we r going to blow up these balloons and float this house to the north pole
6:31 The very first month of the late 1980s.  8:50 And that was early 2013, so still within the early 2010s range.  And once again, as with the Ratatouille video, thank you.
im the only one thinking that why we have VR because of SAO
Okay but would the fishing line even be strong enough to keep the house in the air?????
Mr beat... help us do this
Hydrogen is better than helium, it also tastes better.
MatPat! I've got a theory for YOU!      In the movie Inception, there is a machine that allows the user/users to create, control and commune. What I'm wondering is how realist is this machine. It's able to basically induce instant sleep, allow the user/users to maintain almost complete control, create anything the said user can imagine, and dive into at least four levels of dreams.This has been bugging me ever sense I first saw the movie; to the point that I tried to replicate it(and failed, miserably). And literally considering everything else you've done it shouldn't be too hard. Good luck "And remember that's just a theory! A film theory! Thanks for reading!"
I’m surprised MatPat hasn’t covered this sooner
You stole my theory!!!
what happened to doing the full pixar timeline
matpat: if you enjoy this episode- me: umm yes and no wthek mat!!
The Up House is only like 10 minutes from where I live. It’s so cute.
You know, he did live in the middle of the city, I'll bet that property value jumped waaaaay up when the city developed, I'm also willing to bet they offered a nice price for the property and it's not like they explained alot in the beginning maybe he borrowed against the price the company wanted to give and after he received the loan he sold the property to the company at a lower price and he was probably grumpy because now he actually had to do things when he didnt really want too I mean he was retired. It is feasible in today's market. Maybe they have more efficient cars and produce the same amount of oil in that universe. They just happen to have plenty of petroleum product around that latex is just extremely cheap. I mean, this is the same universe as WAL-E
Balloons in a another balloons
Since sword art online season 3 just finished can you do a vid on if fulldive is possible?
8:16 I thought the Earth roatated west to east, because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west?
Are they helium balloons
Cool, but like what if they were the same kinds of balloons David Blaine used? What would the calculations look like then? Cost, how many you'd need, etc.
Did... did Mat just low-key recommend Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere (1:15)? HECK YEAH! Complete tangent, but that's a REALLY FUN one. Definitely needs a season 3, since the story seemed to only just be starting, but it was sooo good.
So what if he used hydrogen?
Me: just finished making my last account so Matpat can get to 9 mill  Matpat: guys I need your help to get to 10 mill  Me: 😔
Typical, Cle. Glad to see some Cleveland representation! Also, the Cuyahoga caught fire AGAIN in 2020! It's just not our year. #Clevelandnativeforlife
What took yall so long for the video???????????????
should have bought the falls for that price...
I see what you did there with the Double Baltic line.
All those balloons were attached to a fireplace holder, meaning that if irl physics were at work the fireplace holder would rip off the house and the house would plummet to the ground while the balloons go off somewhere.
4:41 Nobody: Me: Hey I live there!
Matpat I am 1 month older than you, lol I don't know what to do with this information now...
Wait but helium balloons also slowly leak helium. How long would it take to fly? The balloons would likely have leaked their helium by then crashing the house and killing them all
So a theroy on figuring out what movie is based on Captian Raymond Holt from Brooklyn 99.
So you're not hating on the movie. I like this one.
Last spring I happened to do a Computer Science IA Project making a program to answer this very question. If you want to check it out here’s the link.  https://thecreator31.github.io/BalloonPhysicsGame/
Ok cool but how tf are those strings that strong
3:42, I just was thinking this could easily fall into the Austin side... 😃
What about ripping the house from the foundation?
How is Anakin Skywalker  was still alive when he as on fire  from star wars
Really youtube?! Six hours!? It took you 6 hours to notify me?!
But can the roof of the house carry all that weight?
I SEE THAT HORIZON. I SEE YOU.      Horizon in the middle of nowhere stans unite.
I see David Blaine and all I think is "You'll float toooo"
Well South America isn't really a different continent than North America
Try studio movie grill in illinois its open idk about the other locations
Film theory food theory game theory and fnaf theory one day food theory attack only matpat could defeat food theory but he suddenly disappeared
Whoa whoa whoa,who would think Matpat is as old as my parents
Ok but would the house actually be able to be lifted from a single point where all the balloons are attached? Like would it cause damage to the house? And would the house be able to stand the test of time now that it has no foundations?
Listen, I love a good theory but this is too far, this is an extremely wholesome movie and mat just stomped all over it, just let the man complete his wife's dream with fricking balloons
Up has been defeated by capitalism
You should make a anime YouTube channel
10 years?.... Not when you are Jeff bezos if you know what I mean
Woah, I just watched a documentary about the Cleveland balloon disaster like 2 weeks ago
1:16 Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere! Love that show
2:21 ... another continent ? Aren’t the paradise falls in the 𝙰𝚖𝚎𝚛𝚒𝚌𝚊𝚗 𝙲𝚘𝚗𝚝𝚒𝚗𝚎𝚗𝚝?
This channel is like mythbusters, but with a lower budget so they are forced to use math rather than actually doing stuff
Or you know, he could of stole the helium and balloons instead of buying them         But hey that's just a theory        A FILM THEORY
I swear I learn most of my information from this channel
When you show the math it just doesnt feel like "Just a theory" 😢😢😢
FINALLY
in the background of one of the teen Titans Go episodes I forgot what it's called this episode did have cyborg in it but in the background of this episode I saw a box that said cyborg and if it would it would have said cyborg stuff but it just says cyborg and I saw a leg in an arm so what if that's original yeah that well that's just a theory of game theory now can you make a theory of that please
I want another Up movie
Matt can you please do a hunter hunter theory
Given that balloons are not totally air tight, wouldn't it be impossible to inflate over a million balloons before the helium escapes?
Ok, so the next one should be "how many seagulls will it take to move a giant peach?"
fun times in cleveland again!  also Life insurance
MatPat you know he could have met bill gates and tim cooke
you missed calculating all the funiture inside the house as well since he only throws it out when the majority of the balloons already had popped, so he still had all of his furniture still insode when he took off thus adding more weight to the house itself
At 8:39 in the video the ballons look bigger than the window that not the normal size of a ballon or Im just crazy
Not to mention, there wasn't enough surface spaces available to tie those millions of balloons to the house in order to lift it.
Finalllyy!!!
"10 HOURS OF SHREKSOPHONE"  he watches it to :D
The first time I watched Up I watched it in college, alone, in my underwear, eating ice cream... lets say that wasn't a high point in my life. Fast forward to now, watched up again with my wife because she thought it would be fun. Onions everywhere. I'm assuming the longer you are married the more brutal and beautiful that beginning sequence is.
I just wonder how none of the strings broke
As another person from Cleveland I 100% agree with what Matpat said, but hey at least it's not Detroit.
Well, if Carl owned at that cart, which he probably did after working there for so long, he probably had access to large amounts of materials, and if Ellie had a large life insurance policy, it just might work. But hey, that's just speculation. EXPLANATION SPECULATION!
Anyone think MatPat should apply for big brother next year
He said it. He said double balltic
I just watched this one again recently, creepy
Ok finally more logical questions. Rather then some of your... old... uh Pixar videosss.
the mythbusters already said that it cannot happen this theory is useless
5 million isn't actually nearly as much as I thought it would be
The 5 million certainly isnt an issue, he would have been offered way more than that for his property. He probably made a deal when the cameras weren't rolling.  The real problem would be structural integrity of the house, and the problem with the balloons deflating over time.
TENET! ...please
realities are different. in the reality in which up takes place, gravity seems weaker. this is because the animators had to guess. this is why animated movie realities are like this. not everything has to be realistic to make sense.
I should be doing homework right now
CAAAAAAAAAARL! YOU CAN'T JUST FLY A HOUSE WITH FLESH BALLOONS. CAAAAAAAAAAARL!
you just need one very big balloon
If everyone in the world blows up a balloon, besides those that can't be near rubber, would it work?
Me... literally just upvote everything that matpat makes
If I was born in Marion am I still allowed to make fun of Cleveland?
I thought you already did this kind of theory
I remember a couple years ago seeing someone request this in the comments so I’m glad you finally did it.
Why not just using 1 big (i mean BIG) balloon?
Double Baltic? Nice cross-channel callback  I mean it, nice one
Obscure documentary? It's usually in top lists from  critics and well regarded publications about cinema.
wow you took these theories UP to the next LEVEL i mean your also RISING in popularity and quality
Theories suggest: How many future things from Doraemon that makes sense??
But matpat if the viewers already willing to spend 5 million what stops them from playing 14 more to hire 1 million people for an hour to fill up balloons
One of many question Ah wanna heard the answers since child
WHAT YOU WATCHED HORIZON?
Question matpat what if he used hydrogen it’s lighter and more abundant(although very dangerous) it may make it cheeper and reduce how many balloons needed! Edit checked its 3x lighter therefore would lessen the amount needed by a similar amount
Is the omnitrix from ben10 possible? I’ve been waiting for that theory for years!
mattpat if there billionaires then they defiantly have people to help them so they can do it
Welp, time to ask my school if I can subscribe from my school account too
Mr. Beast would love this video.
I know this is unrelated but he should make a theory about the show garden over the wall I need answers :p
“Can you actually make a house fly with balloons?” Me already knowing the answer: Well...
Hold up, the earth spins counterclockwise, not clockwise. 8:15
Y should we subscribe u ruin our child hood
Better call mr beast for the money
tea
Remember lawn chair larry
Pretty sure those millionare's would get their slaves...ahem.. employees to do it for them and have it down within a day
New theory     How many screams dose monster inc have
On the note of the price, while the end results would likely be the same, I do draw issue with two points; 1. They likely weren't breaking the Jar for just basic living expenses, but unexpected expenses, such as medical or home repair.  2. You assume he buys all the stuff new, granted even unused with time the rubber is likely to dry out and/or become fragile, but he likely did have a back log of balloons and helium from his job, scrounged extras up from dollar stores, and collected almost spent tanks from the dump. He likely used to have friends, or friends if his wife who might've gifted him fishing line throughout his life as well, so his expenses are likely considerably less than the up front presentation.  3. This one relates to the weight to, this was basically a suicide trip, he had no intention of coming back, so he likely cannibalized his house, any copper piping or wiring he couldn't use once he was off, old paintings or tea sets he'd never use again, lumber that he removed from his house that he didn't reuse, so he likely had a fair amount more than before.
I'm not entirely sure but do we ever see the water or electricity working in the UP house? Just wondering since it could've been stripped of pipes and wires before launching.
A im August 86 whats up mat pat! I always thought you where younger then me but not ONLY 3 months younger.
I just like bobbing my head to the soul eater background music
You forgot the bigger the house. More cash
hydrogen balloons would be lighter it might help the numbers a little bit
Im watching this video 6 hours after this video was created. So basically it takes 10+ years just to make the balloons, so even if someone attempted this they would lose 10+ years just to make the balloons, not counting every other part that would make this viable. Ultra mega ooof
how do you researched all of this?. please, I am on school trying to research for a paper. getting the right thing to pup up in google is hard enough, but sources is like the "your video has been copyright claimed" of getting an "A" in the paper.
So it works but money, wind, and time.
I loved this movie as a child 😭😭😭
I watched a clip of this in school coincidence I think Not
I've waited for this Film Theory for a LOOOOOOONNNGGGG time, Thank you Matt Patt. I love your videos.
Why does nobody talk about the fact the balloons only seem to be buoyant once he tries to lift the house? Or how he could fit millions of blown up balloons inside that tiny house in the first place?
What about the strength of the fishing line it would snap as soon as it takes off the ground!
you missed something. you didnt account for the force required to break tho house free from its foundation. just lifting the house itself
Film theory needs a new intro
The fact that there’s so many millionaires/_billionaires_ who could pay for this and have it not make a dent in their wallets...
Next Analysis: Was the hit in the head considered as Legal Self Defense and Property Defense?
i never cried watching up           im soulless ik
Someone start a GoFundMe page to make this possible!!!!
Did Matt Pat really just suggest this magician should redo his trick but this time having a little boy in his backpack who is also wearing a scout outfit so that when he lands on the ground they can reveal he was hiding in his backpack somehow.
What is the channel shown in the video with a red bow tie against a yellow background? Please let me know
✝️ Fellowship invite
Finally a Film theory that actually deals with math and science again
Great Video Matpat!
Matpat make a Legend of Korra or another Avatar the last Airbender Theory about lore
The string to the house is also a big factor in end. In the movie the string would have snapped or worse. Think of the air force winds that would snap and creek the cables on the Golden Gate bridge.
His intro still reminds me of the caramella girls....
Hey matpat could you do a theory on the lion king because I have a strong feeling that the hyenas are innocent (especially the male hyena)
Mat, I love you and your videos BUT SOUTH AMERICA IS STILL IN AMERICA, SAME CONTINENT, just different country :)
Your wrong Elon musk would just make multiple machines to do it for him
Have u seen the 5 balloons that lilft up the cart in the mantage those balloons aren't normal (I think) add that Into it calculation btw
Oh my god this is the question on everyones mind who have seen the movies. Thanks Matpat!
I love my this channel, I wish it makes more Anime theory
Also, all of the balloons are tied to a single dock looking thing that you would tie a boat to, and I don't think any adhesive is going to keep the balloons carrying the house.
The fishing line would also have to get longer, as the balloons took up more space they would have to be farther away.
Ellie had a monster life insurance policy
1:15 I keep forgetting to watch Kyoukaisenjou no Horizon, thank you so much mat!! MUCH APPRECIATED THE REMINDER👍
10 years to fill balloons? If I’m a millionaire or billionaire I can just hire thousands of people to inflate the balloons and tie them to the house and that will make the job a lot easier
Hello from Cleveland.... We’ve actually caught our river on fire over 20 times. Most recently this year....
The money part is like questioning where Meta Knight got all the money to keep rebuilding his ship lmao
mortal fool. i am 10 and I didn't even get sad in the first 10 minutes. not a Single emotion. dead inside deprived of a every single feeling. if i go into power you will not be Spared of my power. end note
Petition for Elon Musk to do this
wait in the movie the balloons were tied to the chimney, the chimbey wouldn't fly away without the house?
I put this idea in the comments 2 years ago
6:00 Hang on a second. The balloons and “helium” in up are shown in the first few minutes to lift the metal balloon carrier cart at the zoo with only a few balloons. Therefore, if this Up Helium is stronger than our IRL helium, it should theoretically take much less balloons than 31 Million.
30 million gallons in a tightly packed area sounds like it would generate a lot of electricity. I wonder if that would cause problems
Cleveland is the double baltic of cities Lolz
Afterlife theory: *haha gottem*
The secret ingredient is crime
Won't he also run into problems by being in a non pressurized chamber that high up? Surely he would freeze and/or suffocate.
I swear every time I'm on my bus ride home I pass by a house that looks so much like the house In up
Hi
why not hydrogen lighter and cheaper
UP was the very first movie I watched in my life
Could the house even handle beign sustain from the top? Like, because of its own weight the house would break in half, right?
2:21 Another continent... Still America but ok 👍🏻 Nice video
Now I got my answer I have been wanting to get for so long
Mr.beast PLEASE DO IT LOL.
1:15 thanks for the anime show suggestion.
11:18 why would you be inflating the ballons yourself if you got that kind of money
Oh cool a replica I live in Salt Lake City utah
Finally!
I literally watched this the other night and that was the first time i genuinely thought about how many balloons it would take and I came to the conclusion that the strings would break under the weight of the house. I also thought of the balloons losing their helium when they get too high up cause of the cold, I just figured that they’d die
loving the cle shoutout ayyeeee
Ah yes, the question I wanted to send to Mythbusters long loooong ago.
Matt If you have the money to buy all the stuff you definitely have the money to pay 1000 people to do the balloons
i didnt know matpat was a fellow ohio native :0
double Baltic
Subscribe and like to Film Theory and Food Theory that’s the real trick
Austin's video was dope. Let's see if Matt Patt's is up to snuff.
Huh, MatPat and I are practically the same age. I was born in December of '86. I know it's just an arbitrary number, but it's still a little interesting.
let's not ignore the part where they somehow also need the force to be able to pull all of the plumbing and wires from the ground, but eh
I too like to be cynical through math. 450,036 views at the time I'm watching. 12 minutes (720 seconds) +5 seconds for the 12m 5s = 725s 725 seconds at 450,036 views is 311,776,100 seconds. Or 5,196,268.3333 minutes. Or 86,604.47222222 hours. Or 3,608.5196759259 days. Collectively this video as of my watching it and during the math process, there has been 9.8863552765 years of viewing.  This video has taken 10 years of human life. Wrap your head around that one!
Theory for marvel how strong is the hulk or more likely can radiation turn you into the hulk or something else do this or you have to make a theory on something you hate the most
come on man u take the fun out of every amazing thing in ppls childhood
I feel like this is a video that you should have made a looong time ago.
He could’ve just said yes if you had enough
He seriously didn't consider the weight of the people in this house, and the fact that it had excess as it could hold at least 1 more person; his numbers are probably a bit off.
oh yeah and there's birds
Ever since this channel started, I knew this day would come.
All I heard was that Mr beast could do it
How much would tax evasion, a 401k, bank robbery’s, sports betting, and all that cost 🤔? Also, Carl could’ve spent 10 years of his retirement tying those balloons 🤷🏻‍♂️
Frick school when you have matpat
I listen to the song for that scene on repeat without shedding a tear because I have no soul.
Fun times in Cleveland again! Still Cleveland!  Come on down to Cleveland-town everyone Under construction since 1868 See our river that catches on fire It's so polluted that all our fish have AIDS  We see the sun almost three times a year This guy has at least two DUIs Flats look like a Scooby-Doo ghost town Don't slow down in east Cleveland or you'll die  Our economy's based on LeBron James Buy a house for the price of a VCR Our main export is crippling depression We're so depressing that we think this is art  It could be worse, though, at least we're not Detroit We're not Detroit!  (I did not write this btw, look it up on YouTube)
Someone show Mr Beast this video and ask him to make take 10 years and make this reality
Im surprised he hasn’t done this yet.
I wanna also add +1 comment suggestion for "how much would it cost to do all of Phineas and Ferbs activities" episode.
I just notice how they are about to hit a billion subscribers
now that wat u call balance unlimited
Can i ask matpat did up have that much ballon in the movie
But wouldn't the balloons pop from expansion from increased altitude
HE IS DOING A THEORY ABOUT THE MOUSE AGAIN
Coraline hyeort
honestly... if he had a good life insurance policy on his wife, he could afford all this.
Mat pat is saving me from my emo faze thanks for that
You forgot to mention the most implausible part - that there is no way to reliably affix the balloons to the house in a way that lifts the whole building without just ripping the roof off. You'd have to reinforce the whole house with a steel superstructure, pointing to an apex at the top with a heavy duty hitch....actually this is starting to sound a like a fun engineering project for Mark Rober...
You forgot to account for the Force it would take to separate the house from its foundation. So you need a lot more balloons than that matpat
Considering barometric pressures varying between A and B, youd have to be able to adjust the number of balloons utilized to stabilize your altitude. A balloon floating across the world unattended would have no consequences, but if youre flying a house, youd have to brave the effects of all different altitudes.
MatPats just salty he can't fly
You are forgetting that Carl worked as a balloon man at the zoo for years, implying he stole the balloons and string from his work. Not that it makes it any more plausible to afford and do, but it definitely would've brought the cost down.
omfgggg the old film theory introooo, my rooottssss ;-;
When you said the part of that it will take you ten years you should have remembered that they are billionaires so they can pay people to do that for them
Aaaaaaaaaaand once again one of my childhood favorite movies IS RUINED. What’s next? Is there anything left? Lol
jesus your like my mom whos a math teacher, she wrote on both sides of a bagel wrapper and 2 big sheets of paper to answer a question no one asked
Cleveland gang w y a?
Maybe they were professional partiers
Have you really included the weight of the appliances inside? Cause I just noticed you just calculated the weight of the house.
What about kevin?
I’m sorry but isn’t 1.5million balloons used for a record tht didn’t get noticed big amount of pollution when they pop they aren’t easy to rip apart or break apart for nature
I just want to say that MatPat is an awesome human
Coraline theory please
It really took you this long to do a theory on this, I’ve been waiting forever
Also, it would probably just pull the roof off.
Wait, but is the gravity of Up the same as Earth’s?
🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈
ah, balloonfest '86, two men died, a horse was injured, airports were closed, and cars crashed.
Clearly Carl didn't have to worry about the price. He worked at the zoo for decades, clearly he would have taken everything he needed from them. He crossed his heart Matpat! He's not gonna let a little thing like the law stop his promise. Plus he flew to South America...no one's gonna catch him there.
U are out of videos 😂  come on we need something else .
You should do a theory for onward
Helium ballons go up not because of its weight, it is its density, to allow the boyant force to push the ballon up.
I hate showing my work
Hi
You just destroyed my childhood dreams
I dont owe anyone anything now with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
10:50 mr.beast work your magic.
I watched some clips of Up from YouTube which I got upset and then the same day the Super Mario Bros. 35th Anniversary Direct started happening and I lost my sadness xD
I got the Double Baltic reference because I’m subscribed to Food Theory! No, I’m not shilling so MatPat doesn’t have to, I have no idea what you’re talking about.
Matpat: "Cleveland is the double Baltic of all cities."  Me, an intellectual: "He said it! He said the thing!"
I’m surprised you didn’t already make this theory
But wouldn't the weight of the 200,000lb foundation tear it apart depending on where it was lifted?
I’ve been waiting on this film theory for years.
I'd love to see an episode on Midsommer for Halloween <3
I'm watching this right after I unlocked Russel in Lego Incredibles.
8:07 that equator line is totally off. I live in Ecuador ( country where the equator passes through) and that line is not even near
All I can think about is how bad this would be for the environment
5 hours!
Alternate theory: How Much Simpler Would It Be To Use An Airship Instead of Party Balloons
Jesus loves you yo
I was literally thinking about this last night
I absolutely love the theory channels it makes me feel good this video in particular made me feel great inside
Road to Diamond Play button! As a long time supporter of your now 3 channels, i'm SO PROUD to be a Theorist!!!! (Always have been!) 😂💕🇵🇭
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOREVER
Okay so really expensive with helium, but could it be something other than helium?
South America is not another continent, is on the south of America, the only continent
If David revealed he had a boy scout with him he would certainly put his escape artist skills to the test.
awe come on, if you are gonna bring best boy Austin to help with the video, can you put his voice on it too?
A theory about Mayor of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs being evil ( or whatever you wanna call it)
Do one lab rats
You don't have to do one balloon at a time
That balloon release clip triggered my environmental instincts
861
Can you prove this theory for me: woody is a psychopathic killer from toy story
you could just say tons, but you have to be dramatic, don't you???
wouldn't the helium just not stay in the balloon? I don't think the balloons would stay filled with helium for it to last long enough to even make it to the next day of filling up other balloons. I could be wrong, but I figured I would ask. lol
Instructions unclear my house lifted all My Balloons in air
what about his ability to survive? to be at that altitude for extenged time without proper equipment he would surely die
I'd argue that they been planning this since they were children. So that's a LIFETIME of savings, not just for the trip money, but also the money used to buy equipment for Carols job. . . which is the only thing that makes this possible. His job revolves around how he gets his equipment. I'd easilly see the theory of how the state/city taxes pays him to do his job of handing out free balloons where they supply him with his equipment and he's been stealing them over the DECADES of working that job (to the point of just using a normal air pump to cheap out on the balloons he gives the kids). Carol is a thief stealing from the government which was accidentally used to escape the law after the assault. . . really puts a whole new spin on when he returns to adopt that kid now that I think about it.
Don't worry you're my favorite pointy little needle of sadness Matpat!
How many people searched "shreksaphone" at around 1:25
I just watched this the other day and I was curious about it lol
You know the up house is based on a real house, rigth? You could know where is he from.... just google it... real up house.....
Looks like another uplifting theory!
Wouldn’t the balloons pop?
America covers both hemispheres consisting of both North and South America.
You should do Fall guys lore :)
OBJECTION!!! Carl and Elle only have to dip into their savings three times for some rather COSTLY incidents. An absolutely blown tire, Carl breaking his leg, and a tree CRASHING into their roof. Then in their retirement years, Carl doesn't dip into the jar. He just outright BUYS the tickets. Financially they were fine. And if he was gunna move everything to Paradise Falls, what money does he need to live out those dying days?
Hey MatPat have you ever seen the series Stitchers, if not it's a really great series and I think there can be many theories on it even before they stopped production. It's on Freeform and now on hulu
Oh mat pat there is a teaser trailer of FNAF
What if the PIXAR universe is 25x Smaller scale?
I have a theory the grandpa is dead, he is in his afterlife trying to do the one thing he couldn’t do bring the house to the location him and his wife couldn’t do. Russel symbolized the kid the never had. Explains why he meets his dream celebrity and how there is talking dogs  Edit: He could be in a comma too!
I was just watching this and ask my self how much balloons it would take so thank you for hearing my question
Interesting
So many hashtags
So something Elon Musk could do......with a bunch of people
I got an idea for MrBeast.
You did think of the amount of force and weight the the fishing string can hold
Wait this theory, HASN'T, been done yet?
Didn't even mention how the balloons are really likely to pop in a large group.
I’ve never been satisfied I’ve never been satisfied  Sorry hamlefam or for people who don’t know what that means I like Hamilton
The opening joke was kinda creepy....but funny lol
It seems it was never possible from the very beginning :(
he right millionairs dont do this with you house........do it with a toilet
Also what about the house being ripped in half by the weight
How did he afford the balloons? Crowd funding?
if only Carl knew Mr. Beast
So what he's saying is its possible 🤨
Can you even lift a house by its top
Ok but what if you got an entire city and i mean like a huge city to come together for this project and all buy the supplies needed.  That would take out the time and money restrictions
Hes like my math teacher "you dont get full credit if you dont show your work"
Im curious though, anybody have time to do the math on how long that would take?
2:25 i am sorry to break it to you.... but its NOT another continent... its still America... i know, i know... they theach you in school that north and south america are different continents, but look it up, only in USA they teach it that way, for the rest of the world there are only 5 continents, with north and south america being the same continent....
FYI I used to like your videos, but now I'm having headache every time i watch your videos. Idk why, but i think because you're constantly talking.
I knew he was going to do this trick months ago from Joe Rogen’s podcast
Hey. Random anime recommendation. Have you heard of Lain Serial Experiments? I really wanna hear your opinions or theories on the show.
I'm impressed that the director of Up was so close to Matthew's total balloon count!
319
You should make a vid on subway surfers
ok but how many would it take to pry it from the foundation?
Matpat you're forgetting about birds
Hey matpat if you put oil on your socks can that make you walk on water
Ah yes the shreksophone
Rip fisher men :(
Shout out to cleveland! 216 forever woop!!!!
Ok, but what about hydrogen? Half the weight and cheap af. Yeah, would probably end as Hindenburg II, but still an option I thought Matpat will include in this theory.
I expected this to be an Austin video :(
It will rake 20 years to fill up those baloons but if they are rich they can hire oeople to fill them up it will rise up the cost but they are rich who cares
Just one really big balloon
Congrats MatPat!!!! I now saw my first ever meme that includes you!!!
But Mattpatt lost some balloons
I was watching Up in a plane and thought of this theory before it came out great minds do think alike
Yall forgot about the birds that wanna ruin their career
This is begging for a Freakonomics-type theory about how Carl could have most effectively stolen those balloons and helium from work.
It’s about time you did this theory
This might just be me, but I have an idea for a theory. It’s for the show Creeper Out on Netflix. It’s: Who is The Curious?   Mat probably won’t see this but yeah
11:07 Mr.Beast want to know your location
Lets say hypothetically that pee was yellow insted of red.
Millions and millions... wow.
I'm honestly surprised he hasn't made this yet
The balloon thing legit just looks like some demented dust storm
How much damage did the food storm cause/cost in Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
Make a video on fairy tail
The return of the *Double Baltic*
Forget if it could happen, how much would it cost?
so we were watching this in class and when it got to the part where the guy's wife died i really had to fart so i did and everyone started to laugh. the teacher didn't know that i farted so she said that she would contact everyone's parents and say that they laughed when someone died in a movie.  true story
Nat-Geo: We made a copy of the house and used balloons to make it fly. Matpat: Yeah... Nah.
He was a balloon salesman. Maybe he had $5.1 million worth of inventory
Hi
living in utah, this makes me happy
Hey game theory I've always wondered ever sence you did the Cars Aren't Cars video and you mentioned the pixar theory, when could you work on that? Btw This video fits nicely into the pixar videos.
Millionaires and Billionaires aren’t gonna do that they make thousands of people do it for them and pay them not a lot but enough to do it, just for the lols
10:46 maybe he asked MrBeast some money Sssssuuuuubbbbbssscccrrriiibbbeee!!!!!!!!!
Hey wait a minute, I recognize that pink house. And the prison in the background. That’s in my home town
Im imaging that mr beast is watching this and planning to actually make carl's house float
MatPat: There's just one more thing standing in Carl's way  Me: The balloons would pull the house apart before it lifts them?
PLEASE DO A THEORY ON VIVARIUM
1:16 what anime is that? I'm legitimately asking.
I went to party at somebody's house with my mother and there were lots of balloons and I wore a hat there so I had an idea with my cousin where we would try and see how many balloons could lift my hat and it took so long to attach them to my hat there was like 52 balloons in the whole house and use them all for one hat a Raiders hat how do you even lift a person with balloons it makes no sense
So... UP was all  lies???
I watched this video after taking a hella stressful calculus II exam that had me crying and I feel a little better  Thanks Matpat :')
Matpat: sorry to burst your ballon  Me: why did you do that whyyyyyy!?!
yes the intro
FINALLY
What about the goverment shooting you down?
Theres a new fnaf its (drum rollin) security breach
My problem with this theory is the in movie balloons are way stronger than our balloons. Early in the film, we see Carl’s balloon stand start to float away with only a few balloons, when in our world it would probably take hundreds at least. I think Matt should do a theory on the in universe balloons and how strong they are
Can’t wait for ten years from now when we see on the news that someone made their house float with balloons
Up: a man who wants to go to paradise falls and then an annoying kid who’s a Cub Scout comes with him when he takes his house with the balloons. So kids what did we learn today? Everyone: up is a sad movie but also there is an annoying kid:)
6:43 holy moly u have big brain time!
shows kyokaisenjou no Horizon, so my childhood history lesson finally have come to haunt me.  legit though the novel made you sit through half of the book just learning the history before the actual events of the anime and the book is the size of an old school phonebook. made me happy as a lotr fan i really like obscure unneeded kinda dumb flavor text to any world im going in.
Thank god I'm a narcissist I didn't cry at the opening of up
I was here when this channel 1st came out
dark foreshadowing: exists  me: he gonna touch the subject right?  mattpat: doesn't touch the subject  me: my dissapointment is immeasurable and my day is semi-ruined
I was honestly wondering how long it would take MatPat to make this video XD
All I thought was "wouldn't the force of so many loons rip up the ground?"
But you forgot 3 things, how long the balloons helium last, how many would pop because of the pressure they are flying at, and how many items and furniture where in the house adding more to the cost and more to the more balloons and other things needed to know in the varible
Food?
I've been waiting for this for years
It’s okay mrbeast has this in the bag
I love how MatPat just casually makes a reference to Food Theory with the "double Baltic" because he knows we watch all his channels.
Should’ve watched the Bionicle movies, Matpat-
I wonder what would be if they took account of the bathrooms,  kitchen and any other furniture that was in the house.🤔🤔🤔🤔😏😏
Wouldn't you need even more helium balloons to get  lifted high enough to be carried away by the wind? It seems like what you've calculated would only be enough to make the house neutrally buoyant
Congrats for 9 million Matt!
1:18 oh yes the great potato war
Jenna Marbles used like 80 something big ballons to lift a 5 lbs chihuahua. so like 85 ballons per 5 lbs?
It isn’t film theory if mat-pat doesn’t ruin your childhood
Wonderful content, always happy to watch these
What about the meet the robinsons movie with something about time travel for another theory idk
Another thing that kills the idea is the fast lost of helium in the balloons. They don't last over night...
im not sure if matpat sees this but i had a theory on avatar the last airbender that anyone can master multiple elements.THis  is mainly due to the fact that lion turtles gave humans the ability to bend and animals,the og bender taught humans how to master it  to theoretically a lion turtle could give you multiple elements and you could master them with the help of animals or learn directly from the animals.also their are 3 examples of benders bending a element out of their class.bo lin and guzan from legend of korra can lava bend and since lava is heated up earth and lava benders can turn earth into lava they had to heat it up using fire bending.also firelord sozin is seen bending volcanic gass in the episode,the avatar and the fire lord.you can tell its sozin bending it because he has shorter hair and a mustache anlike roku who has a lucious bearn long hair and no mustache.so hopefully matpat sees this.
I just rewatch this movie and was wondering the same thing
Clearly, that was one heck of a life insurance policy.
The amount of lift alters from each balloon type and manufacturing method.  The amount of lift depends on the size, elasticity and thickness of each balloon. A water balloon is totally different than a shiny happy valentines day balloons. So yeah number of balloons is different for each type and size. If you tried to lift a house with the straight cylinder balloons clowns use to  make a doggie your gonna need a few million of them,
i just realized the same picture shows when you click on the channel with a picture of matpat thinking about something but with different items and a color based on the channel
And you didn't even factor in the cost of food and water,MatPat,let alone the extra weight of said food and water.(Mostly the water.)They definitely didn't survive off of Bud Lite up there,because children,and there's the other problems that you'd have,like the bathroom,and the one we all know here in 2020,toilet paper.These are only three of the most prominent problems,and the rest are even worse to even think about.
Not only those reasons, but let's just imagine that many balloons tied to a fixed point in the house. So the chimney will be ripped out and floating to south America long before the whole house does.
I dont owe anyone anything now because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Actually a billionare could pull this off (disregarding helium and balloon shortage) because they can pay someone to blow up balloons for them  10 seconds per balloon x 31,000,000 balloons x 30,000 people paid 100$ for each 1000 balloons means you can have 31,000,000 balloons in 3 hours  It would cost about 10 million but theyre a billionare so who cares
i swear you’ve made this video before
Have you thought about a theory on “Possibly in Michigan”
Jeff Bezos after looking at the cost of being able to fly his house: 👁👄👁
I have thought the exact same thing
Oh no............he brought in Austin.........            .........that’s not good............
I love how this is 10 hours of Shreksophone in watch later
hi
Deja vu anyone??
Also, can we acknowledge that using helium balloons to “fly” something requires an incredible amount of precision, as seen with David Blaine’s stunt where he had to attach and remove individual weights to control his height. I bring this up becaue, can you imagine Carl carefully calculating a precise amount of balloons for his house over a period of years only for his lift off to be messed up by the presence of a few unaccounted pounds in the form of Russell?
Showing work with math is the hardest part about school
i live like 20 minutes from cleveland and i never knew about a balloon fest WAT
What happened to minecraft theories
That probably wouldn't even be Mr. Beast's most expensive video.
that balloon fest made a culture reset.
I just realized Carl sold Balloons  and that why he got so many ballons
MatPat: I came from Cleveland My brain: At least it's not Detroit.
Double Baltic 7:12
theory idea: in Bojack Horseman, Jeremy Whitewale invested in all kinds of organs because “he’s a rich old guy who wants to live forever”. How long can you actually live by replacing your organs?
I thought the problem at the end would be about the force needed to rip the house of its foundations, not the actual cost, which I found lame and I assumed he got them from his work at the zoo overtime or something  good episode though, thanks matpat
No cause plumbing and I don’t think Carl uses a outhouse
Isn't the problem landing?... Or the strings breaking...
I really think a Book Theory could do well, and use the bottom right XBox icon for the logo.
Matt must be psychic because I was literally thinking about such a video for like two months
So, Matpat is 34? Cool.
lmao i’ve been waiting for this theory since 2017 lol
I literally forgot that I asked this episode a few months back.
Les glaneurs et la glaneuse sounds like an old adult movie title 😂
Could you please make a theory about Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous.
2:20 i think latinoamerica it's not another continent
The Monkeys in BloonsTD6 are punching the air rn cuz the true sun god can't even see them
Great video! One thing you forgot to mention is the fact that helium is such a small molecule that it can escape from the pores in the latex balloons over time. Given the fact that it takes over 10 years to fill up the balloons it would actually be impossible to have all the balloons filled simultaneously as by the time you filled the last one, the ones you filled in the beginning would be completely deflated. I would also be curious to see the height that you would need to fly at in order to catch the circulating air currents and whether or not the expansion of the helium balloons at that altitude would cause them to burst mid flight.
Matpat : *says that up is plausible but costly and would take a long time* Beast : "Today we will be flying a house with only helium baloons to south America for Karl"
“Luckily, a replica of the house was built in the suburbs of Salt Lake City, Utah”  People who live in Salt Lake City: *Heavy Breathing*
kinda sad he left kevin out of the summary ngl
but the only place he could fit a boy scout would be his pants....
I've been locked into your house shaped box for weeks
6:10 You are welcome
I've been waiting since 2009 for someone to do the math on this
The REAL question: can a house, originally designed to merely be a house, maintain structurally integrity while floating? Let me tell you, wood loves to shift, sag, and flex.
I’m suprised you didn’t mention how all the balloons were being held by a fireplace
Great one, MattPat!
That was a really bad pun
FINNALY
Matpat you my homie but now your going too far now and you need to do the collar science lol
I still remember MatPat weeping tremendously at beginning of Up over at Fine Bros react “try not to cry”  Anyone remember that?
ELON GET TO IT
😂😂I've been doing the math and if the "millionaire" gets roughly 200 schools to have all their learners to blow 200 balloons a day they could accomplish the task in months 😂😂but hey THAT'S JUST A GUESS A SCIENTFIC GUESS
Is nobody gonna talk about how the dude kidnapped a kid then took him across many boarders
Should've included comparative cost of moving the house traditionally
fun fact, helium is practically a non renewable resource since it is a byproduct of decaying radioactive material with a long decay rate and we will run out of it some time in the future
Fun Fact: The house that inspired the house in Up is located in Seattle, about an hour from where I live
Pixar: *makes up without enough balloons* Mat pat: apparently you need.. Pixar:oh cmon it just suppose to be a movie, ITS A MOVIE NOTHING IS REALLLLLLLL!
RIP the helium in "Up"s universe though 😂😐
it takes 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 balloons to lift a house
HE SAID DOUBLE BALTIC!!!! i know when he mentioned that one...*wink*
I saw that movie a few days ago and I was just wondering can Matpad explain to me how can he lift a house
I've wondered that as a tot. I knew attaching light objects with a balloon (paper, notes etc) would still have it floating but a whole house (What an expensive & risky move)... Also, how wealthy must you be to order/obtain that many balloons and helium 👀 Just Thinking  about that hurts my imaginary trust fund 👀. Not to mention threats that may come among  the way in popping all off your hard work away... I enjoyed the research done on the video, plus the possibilities/expenses/# etc... Maybe Karl has been secretly preparing the balloons since he was a young lad waiting for the time to float 👀. Keep up the great work Mate, and be safe bro 🎥 😎 👊  0:49 xD 👌0:55 No worries needle bro 2:18 Nah xP 3:07 Hmm 👀 3:36 x/ 3:42 Science! 4:50 🏠 we need lots of heliem👀 5:57 👀o 6:25 Aww 👶 & D: 7:25 N.nah... 9:02 xD But wouldn't some have popped? 9:33 Hmmm xD 9:57 Be strong bro Dx x) 10:29 D: Dx. 11:02 Me planning 👀 Nah xP 11:30 🎊 Congrats Mate! 🎊 11:50 x) we're here for you Mate 👌
Another one
Also they pull the house of the foundation which requires more force
You forgot to mention about the air force taking you down as soon as you leave the ground.
What happened to the film theory intro?🥺
How about a Corpse Bride Theory?   A couple possible theories to look at.  1. How was Emily killed?  2. Was Emily and Victor's marriage actually valid/even possible?
carl worked at the zoo giving out ballons so he probably has all of that stuff in his house already
When calculating the weight of the string used, did you account for the different lengths of string needed?
Did they go to Argentina?
If a billionaire viewer has the money to buy the materials needed to try this, they have the money to hire staff to help fill the balloons and cut down the time needed
Here's a theory idea: So in an episode of CW's The Flash a nuke goes off but the flash slows down time to the point where the nuke and everything else looks like it's frozen, so how fast was he going?
the thing about getting balloons is he owned the balloon cart
The beginning scene to UP is not that sad to me and never even made me tear up. Take that information as you will.
When you saw the comment before the post
You know what Mat, when you brought up the "teeny tiny little problem," I genuinely thought that the wind would be so slow the move his heavy house that Carl would die of old age or dehydration (depending on whether or not he had supplies) long before he'd get there.
Any millionaires wanna take me there?
But Carl is a balloon guy at the zoo so he have balloons and helium
Even if you did manage to get the house in the air, I doubt it would hold together. You'd be dead within a day at the most.
Yes, I’ve waited for this moment my whole life, the video I’ve been waiting for is finally *up* on YouTube
Yeah bois welcome to utah the home of the up house!!
You forgot the house is old really old that means a lot of weight has been deteriorated
soooooo, it's possible, but you have to be Steve Jobs with a lot of time on your hands, then again, helium disappears in 24 hours, soooooo.....
Thank you for the anime recommendation!
It's about time someone didthis
Matpat you forgot about life insurance. His wife died for the cause.
I knew this video was coming 💀
PLANET
a theroy in theme for Up can be was Carl's lawsuit against him legal when buy and large sued him did they have the right to do that???
Can't believe this theory isn't about dog to human translation technology 🙃
Wait another point, wouldnt the ballons keep floating higher and higher till it reaches the atmosphere and pop since there is no way of controlling it?
Right when you mentioned the Up replica house, I freaked out! That’s practically in my backyard of Utah!
Cleveland is the double Baltic of cities  Yeah y’all have the Browns too, so....feels bad man
I love the video. I hate the whistling music and wanted to turn off the video because of it.   Keep up the good work though
Finally a Film Theory that I actually understand!  I'm graduating in Meteorology
I have my own Theory you could blow up 7 billion balloons in just 2 minutes if you get the entire population of the world to blow up one balloon
On page 438 of the 1988 Guinness Book of World Record (page 451 on the in-browser viewer) at https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.115614/page/n449/mode/2up it states "The largest ever mass balloon release was one of 1,429,643 sponsored by United Way at Public Square in Cleveland, O on Sept. 27th, 1986. The release was directed by BalloonArt by Treb Inc. of L.A." So Guinness did recognize the record. I found this reference from the Wikipedia page on the event. AND you never told us about the friction you teased at the beginning of the episode.
Ah a classic Film Theory video
1:20 "You will always remain in my watch later playlist." - MatPat 2020 I relate to this way too much
I was just watching this movie yesterday and asked myself thus yesterday and now I'm scared
Music theory would be fucking dope though
Just gonna ask. What about the items in the house?  I’m kidding.
Mat : *makes an UP theory* Me : "I would like to award you the highest honor I can bestow" *Slaps that like button*
Let’s go I’ve been waiting for this
a house cant weight 250 kg wtf
6:30 I- bruh.... they really said “POLLUTION”
Mr. Beast: Are you challenging me?
I don’t know if I’m insane but I swear I’ve heard him talk about this before  I specifically remember the mention of the foundation of the house and the whole balloon incident with Guinness  idek
Follow up, how quickly could Jeff Bezozs do this. Cinsidering his daily earnings and workforce.
And that doesnt account for the furniture in his house that he throws out at the end of the movie
hey matpat! we live in a blue planet, that circles around a ball of fire, next to a moon that moves the sea, and you don't believe in miracles? ;)
I mean, it also wouldn't work because the strings would snap, or even if the strings were made of some sort of super lightweight, super sturdy material with an insane tensile strength, then the force would rip apart the roofing of the house, or tear away at the scaffolding depending on where you attached the balloons. Also, the house would actually be *attached* to that foundation you mentioned earlier, so you would first have to somehow rip it off of said foundation, which would completely compromise its structural integrity. All in all, the obvious answer is the correct one: this could not happen.
The cost is actually a lot lower than I suspected.
How rich are Phineas and Ferb or Doofenshmirtz?
Question:  How much less would the gas cost be if Carl used Hydrogen as opposed to Helium?   Hydrogen is a lot cheaper and a bit lighter, but it’s flammable, and therefore unsafe, but what if he actually used hydrogen?
Theoretically, if someone wanted to lift the statue of liberty with balloons; how many balloons would you need? Theoretically of course.
Why did I waste 12 minutes of my life watching this 😩
I actually saw the up house 🏡 in Salt Lake City Utah 4:40 not surprising since I live near there.
Matpat, since today is the release of Joji's new album, can you theorize the storyline of the songs: run, gimme love, and sanctuary? There are small details in the music videos that may explain the entire lore of the album. It may not be a movie but I think it's worth a try.
Dang
Bruh I wanted to see if he would shrvive the trip
MatPat, love the video, but there is something I think you forgot to mention in it.  You said it yourself, you wanted to stay as close to the movie as possible, which is why you chose the latex balloons over the weather balloons. One piece of information from the movie that should have been taken into account when you were calculating the number of balloons needed is that the balloons LITERALLY RIPPED THE HOUSE OFF THE FOUNDATION, even going as far as to completely burst the pipes connected to his house.  I think that kind of thing should have DEFINITELY been taken into account when calculating the number of balloons.
Classic case of Jelly Bean Logic. No, seriously, in the balloon regard Up a Pixar-ified "Repent, Harlequin!" situation. Where did he get all the materials and how did he get that much money?
Ellie must’ve had some killer life insurance to afford that.
Elon Musk: *already creating a self-replicating army of robots designed specifically to do nothing but blow up helium balloons*
Every time I watch up I don't cry. Never have
Hot air baloons can carry about 45 times more weight than regular party balloons so 3 hot air balloons are way better to lift a house and 3 people inside it would of costed a little less too
Detroit is cooler.
THIS IS THE CONTENT I COME HERE FOR!
In next episode of Film Theory: Can toons survive being hit with an anvil or would they die?  It's a caroon movie Mat, it doesn't matter if houses can't fly with that amount of balloons. Next thing you are telling us that rabbits aren't supposed to talk like Bugs Bunny does. No need to use realism when it comes to toons.
DEAR GOD. HE SOUNDS LIKE MY TEACHER 3:34
Theory: How long would it actually have taken to find Nemo?
Who said they weren’t ruined already
The anime he showed is weirdly one of my all-time favorites (its called horizon in the middle of nowhere)
FINALLY
Don’t worry guys mr beast has this in the bag
Well the billionaires can have hundreds of people blow the balloons so it wouldn’t take 10 years that means that they could do it if they wanted to
[Mommy way is it also night] Because a old man spent 4million dollars the see a water fall
Up is my fav pixar movie, I guess you could say this kinda   *inflated my knowledge*
that festivl...oh poor space....Im sorry
I caught that double Baltic joke 😂
“Double Baltic” nice refrence to your other vid m8
My halfsibblings live next to the replica up house
Here is a mini theory:  He didn’t buy the supplies. He stole all of them.   But what if it didn’t take 10 seconds to blow up the balloon?
Who’s from Cleveland here??? #GoBrowns!
Theory: Are YOU in control of Henry Stickmin? (The Henry Stickmin Collection)
reality: carl stole the ballons.
This just in, The Statue Of Liberty has been stolen by a lot Of kids who begged their mums for a balloon, next up the world has a balloon shortage
I think you forgot to consider whether the top of the house has the tensile strength to carry the lower parts. Can you hang a house from a roof without the roof breaking?
There's only one explanation why this is happening unrealistically; Carl died and is now in purgatory.
I’m from cleveland too
You're not ruining any films I'm not sure why you keep saying that
The fact that he had 10 hours Shreksophone in his watch later brang me joy
The double Baltic reference killed me
lets find out.  t-one  t-two  t-three   *POP*
So he would have had to work at disney land for an ideal job which could afford it. Stored away a few bottles of helium and balloons throughout the years. And floating house
Clearly her borrowed an antigrav unit from the incredibles the balloons were for show.
you also didn’t account for the fact that after like 2 days balloons get small and wrinkly and don’t float as well
I actually was thinking of balloon fest loll
a couple days ago i thought that this exact topic should be on film theory and low and behold. its times like these were i question if im in the matrix
Theory: How much money does Phineas and Ferb have?
Question, ignoring the sheer amount of balloons for a moment. Could the 5.1 mil have come off of life insurance?
I don't want to be that kind of guy BUT Cark didn't went to another continent... He just went to South America so he went from America to America... Buuuuuuuut I loved this video.
at that many balloons I feel like the string issue is going to be much more severe than even what you estimated. eventually, with that many balloons, you'll need so much string to get a balloon far enough out to fit that the string it's self would weigh more than the balloon would weigh, putting an effective cap on how big you can go with the volume of normal sized balloons.  Then there is the issue of friction, and pressure. The balloons in the middle would be getting squeezed by all the other balloons and as you add more balloons, that pressure will grow, eventually the balloons int he middle will be unable to endure the pressure and pop.
One thing I think you over looked is you did how many balloons it would take to keep the house in the air. But you would also need to account for ripping the house off the foundation. Houses are anchored into the ground. So you would need more balloons to rip it off the foundation
It's not going to put much of a dent in the calculations shown, but in that montage, we see that Carl's day job for pretty much the entirety of his adult life was selling balloons. The implication is he is likely using a bulk commercial rate rather than consumer rate for his supplies.
I've watched up SO MANY TIMES because of my brother lol
Actually in Alibaba you can find balloons for 0.01$ a piece, as long as you buy atleast 100 of em. So thats already $308,388 instead of the $1,541,941 for the balloons.  Did the same thing with the Helium, found tanks that go for $1.9285 per cubic meter. That changes the cost to $529,633
What about huge hot air balloons?
I think he got the money from selling g his house to the construction company for high dollar then that night setup and flew away lol Pixar knows their stuff
If you think the cost is an issue how about how the house is lifted by a hunk of cast iron in the fireplace. I doubt that thing could support a thousand pounds bolted to the bottom of it with out what it's lifting being ripped apart.
Why did the man fall into lego city river
PP
mr beast could do this 10:49
10:50 Carl was very old, alone, and being forcibly relocated to a retirement community. I don't think he cared how much debt he went into at that point.
Some American burger
Billionaires can just hire 31 million people
mat pat... I think you high school teacher teched you wrong south America is still part the the Americas (America the the hole thing) it makes me sad but noice
*its a kids movie, no big deal.*
Shaker Heights OH rules!
Hey mat how about the house? Could a house with all of its furniture and food and other amenities survive being lifted and losing its foundation?
Woah I literally just finished rewatching Up. Holy cow! XD
I am also from Cleveland and I knew our rivers were polluted but I didn’t know they were that polluted to the point where we could light them on fire
if you like rick and Morty you like solar opposites
if you like rick and Morty you like solar opposites
if you like rick and Morty you like solar opposites
Elon is 100 percent going to hire like 2,000 people and all the materials to blow up the helium balloons and become UP Elon will be the first man to lift a full house and then a skyscraper then a city and then the world
I'm sorta surprised mat pat didn't mention anything about how two humans (one being a senior citizen) handling air pressure at that hight would be. Wouldn't Carl & russle need oxygen tanks or something to help them when there at cloud levels of altitude?
watch solar opposites
Good old Cleveland.  It’s like a sibling.  I will love it and tease it but no one else can make fun of it😂
watch solar opposites
i was watching the netflix show A Series Of Unfortunate Events and on the last episode *SPOILER WARNING* the 3 children raise a newborn child on an island with NOBODY ELSE ON IT for a YEAR and i was wondering if that was plausible
To do that you you have to be really determined
I feel like this begs the question: if we estimate how many balloons Carl DOES have, what COULD he do with them?
what I'm seeing is a gross waste of helium
Is it me or does Matpat fell like that science teacher that took it waaaaaaay to much
what about the house itself falling apart? that would happen first right?
Ether Elon Must or Bill Gates should do this
How is this possible I was watching up yesterday
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
I Just Saw the first few seconds, and I love it, GET THIS MAN ON TV HE NEEDS TO PREFORM A MAGIC TRICK!
Who else made it past the whole movie while not crying 🤔
How long would it take him to get to South America though?
sorry matpat i can't add to your subs as i have been subbed for a while XD i didn't know i wasn't on game tyhery though so i JUST subbed over there i subbed food theory since the day it was announced to be up
i never cried in the first few minutes of up
And now I feel bad for MatPat because him and his family are probably Brown's fans  I am so sorry
Can you do a film theory on how strong Tom and jerry are
*Sees the final answer   Guess I’ll make my house fly
Well we know what mr. Beast is gonna be up to
“He should have landed and revealed he had a Boy Scout with him the entire time”  Not a good look MatPat
he said double Baltimores!
Not sure if i missed it in the film but, I always wondered how complex the release system would be in the house.  If they are all inflated already, then it would be trap doors and drop pins (or something to that effect), but if its that why doesn't the house lift before releasing them?  Or is there an auto filling and auto line tying system inplace, then there's all that weight as well 🤔
Not quite the UP theory I thought about Carl being dead  But hay it’s still a theory
Talk about a winning lotto ticket that floats your house.  Beautiful science.
I wonder if the fishing line would even be able to lift the house and not break
Elon Musk is now working on a robot balloon filler whi h will reduce the time for 250.000 balloons to one day i bet. He also reinvents latex so that not so luch helium will leak and this all while he wokes smeet. Who is smeet you ask the guy giving him the ideas...
Theory: Could rango and rattle snake jake possibly be brothers?
I do not owe anyone anymore because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
So you expect me to believe an old man with no wife disappeared with a boyscouts kid and the only reason is because he was stuck in the man’s “flying house” yea right. You’re going to jail for a long time old man.
Hey mat, i feel like you just dis the math to LIFT the house of the ground but not actually fly it like in the film and also, you didnt really think about the structural integrety of the house, i bet if you just attached all those balloons into a single point the wood on the edges would snap
Theory: All people in the Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra universe are related to at least 1 past life Avatar since the Avatar cycle has been continuing for 10,000 years and the Avatar incarnates into a different person from each nation at the end of the last Avatar's life. I don't know the entire population of the universe, but it seems like relationship to a past Avatar would be an exponential growth problem that increases the likeyhood with each passing generation. If not all people are related to the Avatar, it would be interesting to find out how many Avatar cycles it would take to fill the whole planet with a population of people related to the Avatar.
I really thought you were going to bring up how the fishing line would most likely break, due to the highest test can only handle about 500lbs.
did anyone see the "double Baltic" reference? (if you saw the food theory on it)
Ya know tony stark probably would try to do this just to say he did it.
Pixar and disney.
Lawnchair Larry: weakness disgusts me
Can someone please tell me what anime that is
Do you even lift bro? A house I mean.
I wonder what difference it would make on the numbers if you tied multiple ballons on the strings.
Some how I knew they would eventually make and UP theory.
Mrbeast after seeing the price: Are you challenging me matpat?
MatPat: I love Pixar movies Also MatPat: ruins Pixar movies for the rest of us when we watch Film Theory
https://youtu.be/oZzgAjjuqZM
Milk lord don't forget how he should do a theory on how much money did Phineas and Ferb spend during their summer vacation.   Edit: I almost forgot to mention that someone in one of the two Fullmetal Alchemist videos suggested this
WHOA WHOA WHOA... WAAAIT....  Did I just hear Matt Patt say "possible make it to another continent"??  Ohh my heart... MY HEART!!  MATT PATT!!!   You could say ACROSS the continent, or to another country, but ANOTHER CONTINENT???  I know it´s far away, but it´s THE SAME CONTINENT!!!
No wonder they were so poor, they spent all there money on balloons.🤔
When it comes to how much a balloon holds, you didn't consider altitude.  You have to under-fill the balloon so it does not pop when it rises into thinner air. Also, the latex causes the inside to be pressurized, reducing the lift.  If you look at actual weather balloons, they are empty bags not stretchy rubber, and mostly slack when launched with just a little bubble of gas at the top. You should have, in Mythbusters' style, continued with doing what it takes to make it work.  What kind of large plastic bags might be available?  End up with more an airship design than a plain balloon... perhaps use cheaper hydrogen instead of helium?  And how do you come up with a mechanism to steer?
He made the double Baltic joke oh yeah.
Remember when he said I wonder what we could do with UP three years ago...  well here you go..
I’ve wanted an answer for this for so long thank you
Ohhh... The COST!... I was thinking foreign Military! 💀😆
i haven't heard that song in a long time
Him: ive never been satisfied with the answer Me: *sighs* you can never be satisfied Please someone get the reference
I just seen the movie two days ago
A new video of Film Theory that has the feel of old Film/Game Theory. These kinds of nostalgic videos that Theorists still create and surprise me with every once in a while is the reason I don't give up on the channels even throughout the unbearable dark age of WAY too many FNaF videos. I mean, any more than one was already too many lol. I'm always glad to see the channel looking healthy and recovering from it's addiction
Im pretty sure north and south america are still in the same continent
Film theory(or food theory), would all those seagulls be able to carry James’ peach from James and the giant peach???
oh yes... mATHS
Just let a bro have a dream
3:43 from the beginning it sounded like a video Austin would make
I dont owe anyone anything now with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
The other problem is that Latex balloons are weakened by UV light.  Balloons look  pretty dingy after a few hours in front of a house party.  He'd have to constantly change out balloons the whole trip down there.
SOMEONE CALL MR BEAST!
THEY HAD REALLY GOOD LIFE INSURANCE!
Really MatPat 11 years later
😍 THANK YOU AGAIN MAT PAT FOR AN AMAZING EPISODE 👍💵💵💵💵🍕🍕🍕🍕
MatPat: **caluclates how many balloons you would need to lift a house**  Mr. Beast: *Is that a challenge?*
Why is this the best youtube channel? This and momo obrien are my favorite
What about all the stuff inside the house cause as shown in the movie he didn’t leave anything inside the house behind until he had to so that’s going to Weigh down the house quite a bit
This isn’t a reupload?
Hi
The real question is, would the house stay together when being lifted.
he thinks too small- the real question is how BIG the balloon needs to be to lift a house
5:00 did that include furnature
10:46 Do I smell an Oregon Trail reference?!
Sao is an underrated futuristic anime?  I fucking hate sao but even i know that this is popular...wether you like it or not
Late wife? I thought she went first!
someone contact Elon Musk, we can get this done!
Matpat is from Cleveland? did you ever meet LeBron James??
Matpat, can you read my mind. I was just watching this movie and i wanted to ask you this question
ah yes, let's destroy the world by releasing 1.5 MILLION HELIUM BALLOONS into the atmosphere, popping them when they get too high, and then falling into the ocean.
Top 10 Mysteries that still can’t be solved: #1 What was in the script originally at 9:11
I honestly don’t think the beginning is that sad
Ok Carl is the world fastest old man if he did all that in one night
I'd like to know the answer as to why the house does not fly off before Carl reveals the balloons. He had to prepare them all and once filled they have some lifting powers
5 years cause there 2 of them!
It’s weird because I watched up yesterday and I was gonna see how much one balloon can carry and search up how much does the average house weigh
Am I the only guy here not to cry during up....       That’s it... what were you expecting something?
and we are film theorists
Mr Beast:  Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm                                   Write that down
we are food theorists
Hey Elon Musk don't watch this please
*Sooooooooo* much litter
we the game theorists
You did a great job but a few other things to think about was the condition of the house at the time he lifted off.  Also since you mentioned that it would take ten years to fill and tie each balloon I wandered how long each balloon can hold the helium because helium eventually leaks, and how was he going to replace balloons in flight?
Would the fishing line be able to support the house? Surely it would snap
10:46 For that price he could buy around 20 blimps (cheap ones), or a small private jet, or even around 15 helicopters.
I'm afraid to ask this but since it's Film Theory: What's your take on King Crimson from JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Part 5: Golden Wind? I'm curious how you explain what it means when Diavolo says his stand "Erases Time" as it's confirmed by the creator Hirohiko Araki that he's doing exactly what he says.   You tackled the real life possibility of tasting a liar, I can't see any better moments to try tackling from it than King Crimson or Gold Experience's Life Giving power!
1:20 10 hours of shreksophone
You also have to account for the helium condensing when going into higher altitudes, balloons popping, lines breaking, and so much more. But for a simple theory, i liked the idea.
Wow he pull out kyoukaisenjou
By now I pretty much just skip the first two minutes of every theory and I miss nothing of substance lol
MatPat: Cleveland is like the double Baltic of cities Me, who is also a Food Theorist: I understood that reference!
Wait for the cost is this in current times or adjusting for when the movie was made?
See, I thought the "twist" was going to be that there isn't enough Helium for this to work.  But we have to remember that the likes of Musk or Bezos, they can easily afford to have other people do the blowing and the balloons. If one gets 10,000 people to blow up and tie the balloons and all worked simultaneously and nonstop, it would take less than 9 hours. If my math is right, if they pay $15 per hour (let's assume they will because they want to attract more people to do it), it will cost $1,314,900. Which is, of course, a drop in the bucket for them.
Marvel Film theory: what if the other 50% was snapped?
I'm sorry but even if you had enough bloons to lift a house up the strings would just snap
The real question is how did he get so many balloons in the first place?
So YOU made the Cleveland travel video
Theory: inklings and octolings CAN swim since they are squids and octopuses but they choose to burst out ink by exploding themselves same way squids do when they get frightened and they dont know how to swim so THEY EXPLODE THEMSELVES BACK TO SPAWN
At the end I knew  he would say           "it's a theory! A movie theory!"
Lays bags would do better lifting a house
We planted 20M trees last year. We all should send this to Mr beast to have #TeamBaloons this year
Mrbeast: hold my balloon
Film theory us right but he forgets thats there is a factor of area   were is there any space to attach the balloons
Where do you get fishing line with the tensile strength to support a house?
Elon musk you heard the man
Can you do a theory on the Harmony&Horror|Lost Tapes series on the channel Battington. It’s a very well animated series and think it deserves much more attention.
Follow up question, would those balloons be able to rip the house out of the ground as shown in the movie? Like, defacing the water and such?
I'm only here because I plan on making a replica of the house and i want it to float
Me: should I watch film theory or go to math class? Also me: what's the difference?
When matpat said “grand total” was that a pun or not...
i have been waiting for this ep!!!
As an AVID ( and i mean every day for hours a day ) fisherman, let me tell you that fishing line ain't cheap AND buying the cheap stuff would be a bad idea because it gets exponentially weaker the cheaper you get so you would be losing quite a few balloons on top of all your other problems lol sorry MatPat I
#FilmTheoryVSCinemaSins  They are both around 9 Million subs and could get to 10 mil around the same time. Would be awesome to see who gets there first
What was that anime?
Yes!!
I’ve never liked UP.
When this channel first came out this was the first theory I thought of
Just now, you guys never heard of the Padre do Balão?
Ok but what about the force needed to rip the house out of the ground. It's not just sitting there
Nice, but am I the only one that thinks it makes no sense that he can ride the house when he's in it but he can also tie a rope to it and take it around like a balloon without it sending him flying
Ive waited 84 years for this
Ruining up now how didn’t I see this coming
Hey mat pat its just a movie a KIDS MOVIE!!!
Seriously, what is *UP* with pixar?
Omg thank you for bringing back the theme song!!!
Could the house have withstood the pressure of hanging from the balloons? Thats where my thoughts went first.
Theory: How much money has Phineas and Ferb spent in the summer?  Also, Matpat, you forgot one thing. In Up, is the house actually attached to enough balloons to lift it?
My question is how did Carl not fall through the floor while he was in the air? House foundations are there for a reason.
Random question Mat: Do you actually use the Rode NT Mini to record the audio of those videos?
Just to clarify, Venezuela is in the same continent as the United States. South America is not another continent.  - 2:20
I'm gonna go watch the movie and then get back to this video
Hey mat pat how long would it take if you got like 1 million people to fill up all of those ballons
Each balloon doesn't have the same string length so I'm triggered
Nobody: Literly every single soul that ever heard anything that related to up: FINALLY MATPAT!
how come film theory's intro hasn't been updated?
please matman, i beg you, make a theory on the midnight gospel
MatPat, what is your favourite anime.
I am looking forward to 2020's Pixars "Soul"  Which IS coming this year, MattyPatty
FINALLY!!!
Opening part of this movie is what hit me the most.
To be honest I like the lore theories more than the science theories, the science stuff feels like it should belong more in The Science Of ... series
I was just listening to Married Life AKA(Up Song)
Thank for ruining my childhood matpat
I just realised I spent half my life in the same city as a replica house from up and never saw it
I mean... There's also the fact that even if we assume that Carl was a really good looking 50 year old when Ellie died, giving him about 28 years to get all those balloons blown and strung and whatnot, he'd need to prepare roughly 3000 balloons a day, everyday, for 28 years...
Needs more balloons than that because you forgot to factor in Carls weight and the same for the kids and the dogs
I've never cried watching Up...      Is there something wrong with me?
Theory idea, how many people would it take to do what Phineas & Ferb do? I.e. build a Rollercoaster through all of downtown Danville, in a single afternoon
Those 1.5 million balloons look like those typical dust clouds from those anime battles.
Mr. Beast couldn't lift a person with around 10000 balloons.
I sub to the people with the funniest comments by the famous youtubers
if you have a couple hundred people working for you (with breaks) it would only take a couple months so you know what to do elon
5.1 million? Wheres mrbeast?
A part of me was hoping Austin did this one. "Hi Pixar. It's me! AUSTIN!"
This actually supports a theory that's been around for quite a while now, that Carl is actually in prison and the events of Up is just his fantasy as he slowly goes insane.
If he did have a boy scout with him lets hope he wasn't one of those boy scout leaders
What about the cost of Helium in the past?
Good thing it's probably a metaphor for his journey to the afterlife.
I think the fishing line would be worse, because as you ard more baloons iy needs to get longer, and it would be spanning miles for the farthest balloons
Thank you so much for this I was literally hoping you would do this :)
When your friend can’t pass the first ten minutes:  Pathetic
You got the direction the earth is spinning wrong. If we spun to the left (east to west) the sun would rise from the west. Big oof matpat
One thing I kinda want to know is, what, of any, FAA regulations that this would break for flying  a (possibly) "unauthorized aircraft", if that's a thing.
Double Baltic detected
Don't understand the "Double Baltic" joke at 7:15?  Oof, that right there's a double Baltic.
The sharp little needle in life of sadness? Maybe, a sleeping beauty theory soon.
Our balloons will blot out the sun!  Then we shall float in the shade
The question we needed
Long overdue but at least it's here
The click rate must be really high on this one
Who else would love to see a live action movie  of up
Who else has been waiting years for this video
I actually saw video in school stating that the ballon lifting scene In Up wasn't scientifically accurate.
*Boredom Comes Along* Matpat: Well I think it's time to destroy all y'all hopes for Carl.
Well another one of my childhood movies ruined! U love to see it mate or not its ur opinion
Woah
A little carried away i get it
Omg I've been asking this question for years and finally you answer it.        Geeez
Next theory: parry the platypus and agent P are the same platypus
I’m from London, Ohio, super small town, blink and you miss it
Am I the only one who thought that he already did this? Yes? Ok
You missed another bigger nail in the coffin. Helium balloons? They leak... Slowly...
Bro I un subbed because you dissed my rat >:(
Lol billionaire filling there own balloons
"Carried away" I see what you did there MatPat
It lifted the house with its love why must we question this
Hi
It might take a _single_ person 10 years to fill that many balloons but what if you got a bunch of people to help?
Isn't this... A re-upload?
Mataste is literally that cool relatable science teacher that loved teacher quotes
I will say I think you missed one thing in the end there. If I remember correctly Carl sells balloons for a living. It's reasonable to assume that any balloons that don't sell for the day he gets to keep. Multiply that over a few decades and it'll be way easier to accomplish.
Actually, it might actually be possible to do that stunt anyways since 1: workers can do it for them, 2: I'm pretty sure there's a gadget out there that inflates multiple balloons at once.
🎈 🏠
Bruh wouldn’t the balloons pop? That’s what’s really gonna stomp on Carl’s dream
Hundreds of thousands, that was a good enough answer for me as a kid.
What if he was able to get the money from a major settlement or lawsuit? A large corporation caused the wife's miscarriage and ultimate death. After winning, the corporation tries to get back at him by buying his house and sending him to a old folks home. But then againim pretty high myself so its whatever
Pretty sure you're off around X10 on the weight. That's a very small house. I've worked in construction & in trucking. I could put all the materials and their personal belongings in one 45' trailer. Maybe 50k pounds. Maybe.  Also the roof os probably cedar or possibly clay. And it probably didn't have a foundation, post and pier?
7:14 IS THAT A FOOD THEORY REFERENCE?????
MAYBE HE IS THE BOY SCOUT
11:00 Yeah, but they're billionaires... They could just pay 30 million people $1 to blow up a single balloon or even better spend only an extra couple million to have somebody make automated balloon filling machine, they could do almost anything with that kind of money.
Wait a minute  Karl attaches the ballons to the fireplace Log holder  Wont the log holder tear off under the strength of all those balloons ?
Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah Utah
THEORY IDEA the pop trolls where sold to the bergins by the rest of the trolls
I did some math for those billionaire that want to do it. If you hire 100 people that can do it at the 10 second estimate and paid them $10 an hour. Then it would add $865,000, and take 108 days of 8 hour labor.
hi
8:15 Ummm, the earth rotates west to east as well MatPat, what are you talking about????? The sun comes from the East, not the West!
Dear mat pat   Can u watch Disney’s tv show Amphibia and find out the lore of it ty (also can u show my comment if u use this u don’t have to if u don’t feel like it)
Being another boi from Cleveland, I loved the love/hate dialogue towards the city lmao
One other question I have: Where exactly did he strap all those baloons so it didn´t just tear his house apart upon liftoff and fly away with his chimney?
FBI Agent looking over Matts search history: Oh, I mean... He's not as bad as earlier, but why?
Mr Beast be like write that down write that down
Did anyone else read the title and expect to hear Gaijin Goomba?
Cleveland also has stipe
Why do I feel like this theory was already done...
I can already see the Mr. Beast title, and hear the intro.
Anybodt else think it was cursed when he said "then reveal he had a boyscout with him"
Who actually cried during the first 10 minutes of up, every one I have watched it with never cried including me. I've only cried during 3 movies 2 of which where pokémon movies
Is that why Carl worked at the zoo as the balloon maker?
Does anyone know if he took into account that the house had furniture in it when he was calculating the houses weight?
I think it was interesting that MatPat didn't mention this. As someone who works at Party City, I know balloons. If we're talking normal latex balloons, they only last about 6-8 hours in the best conditions. I honestly think you could debunk this theory simply because the balloons won't last for even a fraction of the time Carl needs them for. And if there's that many balloons to blow up, the ones that were blown up first will definitely be on the floor by the time you finish. Sorry Carl, but you're not going anywhere except Shady Oaks.
Eh. I think the rich lads can still do it.
We all know MrBeast can afford this
It would have been cool if you did the calculations by replacing the helium with hydrogen, to give Carl a bit of a benefit here
Mat is 33 confirm  But hey that just a theory.......
https://youtu.be/zBOsZfgXcPY
He's worked as a balloon salesman his entire life. What about the costs of helium and balloons in the 1940s? He could have been saving all that stuff from his work
Casually drops a horizon anime
Talking about movies when is the BLUMHOUSE guy coming to talk about the fnaf movie ?
🤔Is it a sign of excessive YouTube-ing if I said I wanted this one here after watching the movie with my niece recently?😨
Can you like actually be my science teacher I’m failing at the minute and your great 😂😂
I loved this movie so much I named my dog dug
Subscribe
2:20 ... So for someone so smart to speak all day about math and science.... Sure know America it's all one continent? Or is he pro-wall?
Unsubbed :)
You Fool you forgot to account for the fact the house was ripped from it's foundation therefore more balloons
YO UR 35 NOW JESUS
I think we can all agree that,  that amount of balloons would not fit in his chimney.
Yay! Up!!!
On you grout back the old intro
Just commenting something. Ok bye back to the video.
When you notice Carl could've just bought an airplane ticket
4.6 thousandth!
i understand why he says that is just a theory so the government does not come after him
Did matpat talk about jojo yet?
Woah woah woah. You talked JUST about the weight of the house, but the empty house. You didn't account for all furniture and appliances. AKA, you only considered the dead load, not the live load. (Thanks Seconds From Disaster for the education on those terms.)
The real question is how much did Carl spend on balloons
You're slightly misunderstanding what the Hadley cell is.
It wasn't enough for you to work out IF  it was possible. You also had to work out that it was too expensive and would take too long 😂
Theory: study whether or not an entire ecosystem can live above the clouds in Weathering With You
Day 2 of asking matPat to do a video of survivor
Disney: *oh no you didn't*
We have been waiting for this for years
Question, what are the physics/mechanics behind flash leaving trails of lighting behind him. I figured it’s kind of like static electricity but his suit was made to reduce friction so it confuses me. This is just a suggestion to see if FilmPat would make a video about it ;-;
Don't forget the extra force needed to break the house from its foundations in the first place. That's gotta be... what? At LEAST three times as much force than what's needed to keep the house airborn. Probably closer to 5-10 times as much force... no, probably closer to 100 times as much, unless you break the connection to the foundations beforehand (which Carl didn't do in the movie). So multiply all the numbers (cost, balloons, helium) by 100 and you have a better ballpark.
There is a bigger question..... where would he attaches these balloons to❓
Helium leaks out of balloons.
What about the impact from the house that would crash?
me want to watch gt live play cod zombies
When your mom tells you to watch something educational:
But COOOOOOORAAAAAL!!! THAT KILLS PEOPLE
Who ever said he bought the helium and balloons. He might have stolen them and after his wife dies, he made balloons just to get his mind off of her death but got the idea to travel after making so many filled ballons. Plus half of the amount of fishing lines could have been given to him by friends family and coworkers. Also, wouldn't the added weight of an elderly man and a plum boy scout make a difference in the weight in the calculation.
I’m surprised you haven’t done this theory yet
Matpat is the final say, matpat’s math is final, Matpat is math itself, he is, Mathpat
so on Gametheory, Mat does the math and austin does the science?
Do you mean the south side of the continent? For someone taking everything  so seriously accurate I wonder what make u think Carl made it to another continente?
maybe he banked in on that insurance money after Elle died.
So I'm not the only one who gets dehydrated in those first minutes Why make me cry so fast and efficient
Oh so an uptrick
bruh you think billionaires are going to blow up the balloons themselves no there going to get thousands of people out there and it would take only weeks or just days
Re: $4M cost. Not a concern. Carl has no intention of paying the bill. He’s leaving the country*.  Also, easiest way to order would be to spoof the massive construction site as the customer, have it all delivered next to his house, and have the vendors just think it’s part of the $1B construction project. Construction company is Buy N Large anyways, right?  They can supply all the balloons and helium. One phone call to place the order, intercompany, and Buy N Large could have that stuff on site next day.
Lots of millions today. Must be good day.
So, 31mil bloons? That's just 310 fortified BADs or probably just 1 fortified BAD at r1000 to lift the entire house. Thumbs up if you get the reference
Couldn’t another reason this might not work be that the house structure isn’t made for tensile strength, so would probably fall apart when it was pulled up?
You don’t know they couldn’t afford it there was a lot of coins
Also, there's the chance it might damage during landing
Don't know about you, but I would be conserned about the latex balloons poping mid-flight.
I haven’t seen this movie in a while, but doesn’t he work at a balloon cart?
You didn’t take into consideration the additional weight of all of the helium tanks in the house.
This is Mr beast next video
But doesn't he work at the zoo? Sox there is a possibility he just steal the supplies of balloons and helium at the zoo.
I have a diet theory  In Finding Nemo when Nemo is put in a plastic bag full of sink water, this should have killed Nemo Let me explain Nemo is a saltwater fish, when placed into the freshwater(the sink water), his cells should begin to go through cytolosis and therefore die Thank you for your time
Isn’t there a gas that goes up faster than helium, that would certainly make ik more possible
Prequel to Up.   Carl and the Great Ballon Heist.
you forgot to take into account the weight of the characters....
Does it take into consideration that Karl worked at a Zoo and handed out balloons, he could have just stolen most of the things he needed from there.
can you do a smurf film theory?
you could always swell those balloons with hydrogen which with half the atomic mass would provide more than double the lift/balloon that helium and it would be waaaaaay cheaper to get
Ahem did you stop that carl make a sail in the side of his house lmao I thinking you didn't even notice that 😅
Not to mention (this coming from someone who has worked a year at party city...  that someone being me) latex balloons last approximately 6-8 hours and keeping them in fluctuating temperatures would half that. Holding them under that tarp all night in the cold would make them deflate a ton. And not to mention being held down like that for so long would also make the height the balloons would fly dramatically decrease. So... yeah. Now we need MatPat to make a theory about how Carl actually died and this is his decent into heaven or something lol
0:17 oh come on mat pat, thy joke was just bad
I think instead of hand blowing the balloons (that sounded wrong) the really rich dudes would just make machines
Could MatPat figure out who'll win Godzilla Vs Kong?
The thing that matpat is not taking into account is that the physics in up are different. As we see when on just a few balloons Carl has to keep pushing his cart down from floating away.
Why did it take this long to have this episode topic
I watched Batman Begins again today...
well actually the reason that carl uses balloons is because he is actually a balloon salesman so he has access to all of those balloons
Also wouldn't the weight of all those balloons pressing together start popping the balloons?
What about all the furniture in Carl’s house?
I have been waiting for this for years! (I never bothered to do it myself)
There is two other things that might have ruined the plan coming from a fellow theorists and structural engineer: 1) fishing line may be lighter, but is it strong enough to hold the house itself without breaking (it might be, but it must be considered) And 2) the house itself will probably fall apart the moment you try to lift it  up in the air, unless balloons are supporting it exactly the same way as the foundation. Therefore theoretically if you can lift the house somehow and put the balloons under it, the chances of it surviving are much bigger.
Simple answer: A LOT
Just learned how to play the up theme today perfect timing
8:17 *Ummm... EARTH SPINS WEST TO EAST*
Would MatPat be able to look at his subscribers from all 3 of his channels to determine which ones are unique to one channel and which ones sub to 2 or 3? I imagine most of us subscribe to all his work but that certainly is not true for everyone. So is he starts with the 9 million from Film Theory and adds unique subscribers from the other 2 he would know how many different subscribers he as a creator has.
Food theory has the best intro by far
Okay but like jokes aside how rich were Phineas and Ferb? Now that it's all out on Disney+ I've been binging some episodes and keep wondering how much money it would cost to build an roller coaster or an entire beach.
But doesn't call sell or give out helium balloons for his job so in theory couldnt he buy the balloons and helium in bulk for a cheaper price
Wouldn't the house rip apart when you took it off the foundation?
Spoiler alert: when the van from Shady Acres pulls up to take Carl away, he says “Just one minute!”, and he goes back in his house and... commits suicide by overdosing on pills.  The rest of the movie is just a pipedream Carl had about what an adventure he could do, using balloons to fly to paradise with Elly in spirit (house).  But reality - the only way Carl is letting them take his house is over his dead body, and for Buy N Large, that’s fine by them.
yeah but matpat what if i had a friend tie the balloons with me? boom 5 years, 3 friends? 2 and a half years. 10 friends? 1 years, more than 10 friends? idk i cant do math with decimals but really fast. using my incredible funds required to purchase the required materials to also enlist the help of very very many people? a week tops, boom paradise falls here we come
Couldn't the balloons pop? Or fall off? Then the house could collapse maybe? So many other problems... like say the house got too high then all the balloons poped that would make an interesting movie...
Me: wow, cool Also me: now calculate how much money that would be
Can you do a theory of the show cobra kai
Can you do a theory about Nightmare Before Christmas?
You absolute bafoon, you forgot the part that Carl worked with balloons his entire life. Let’s say he just steal the helium from his former job, with the string and the balloons. It’s so ridiculous how you did NOT see this. This is super dumb. Double mislike and triple unsubscribe.
6:36 What your seeing in that news coverage right there is pollution
The basis for these channels is just, "Well, yes, but actually, no."
Ft how come Tom from Tom and Jerry always survives he's been blown up punched by a dog and pushed through walls
Oddly my mom thinks I look like Russell
im saddddddddddd MY SISTER ATE MY PIZZZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   tty for making my day better and letting me forget about the pizza XD
Turns out im a psychopath i didnt cry during up
“It would take 10 years to fill up that many balloons”  Me: How about with thousands of people?
I am from Cleveland and n can say that was a real Cleveland move
That meme at the end was so wholesome 😌
Wait the replica house was 2800 feet squared but didn't the director say it was 1800?
LOL! Double Baltic of cities is correct. I live near the Cleveland area...totally get it. 😂
Finally!
So with enough balloons you could lift the earth then. Thanks matpat 3:07
Get him to his Diamond play button
i can only subscribe once gosh darnit!
double baltic?  if you get it im proud of you oh so proud
HOW IS MATPAT THE SECOND YOUTUBER I'VE RECENTLY LEARNED TO ALSO BE FROM CLEVELAND?!  Like....what's happening?  How do I not recognize fellow Clevelanders?
My head cannon was that Helium was stronger (Super Helium) because if I remember correctly when Adult Carl is working at the Zoo, a few balloons lifted their helium tank a little bit. So it will be same price as our world but stronger.
Can you try a theory about one peice if your able to
8:52 in Mexico we have a tradition to release a balloon with a tiny letter  attached to it before January 6th to ask "Los Reyes Magos" for presents. And I remember one day watching on the news a person from US found the letter and get into the task to find that kid and give them a present.  You may think that's cute but releasing who knows how many balloons EVERY YEAR it became a real pollution problem and also a shortage of helium.  Luckily most people no longer follow this traditiin but it still is a problem. So shame on you all people trying this house-lifting theory by wasting all that helium and releasing all those balloons without thinking the consequences >:c
This is kinda dumb to point out and I'm sure someone else has but is there a way to subtract the total amount of money at the end scince he worked as a balloon man I mean how long could he have worked and is there anyway he could have pulled it off with that knowledge also btw this has to be one of my favorite movies
You would need to be joey Wheeler from Yugioh levels of lucky
I might have missed this but... would fishing line be strong enough for that?
Theory. Who's richer: Batman or Ironman?
I've literally wanted to know the answer to this since I was a kid.
Pixar: makes a fun movie   Mat pat: very poor choice of actions  Pixar : (softly) don’t
Who thought about Duke when he said Utah 🤭🙋‍♀️
Was that only me or did Matt forget to subtract the 2 grams from the balloons on top of the 0.7 gram string because he went from the balloon lifting 9 grams to 8.3 grams.
I'm excited to hear that you're almost to the diamond play button goal. Congrats, man! You guys deserve it.
It it weird enough that your last name is my middle name, but the fact that you're also from Ohio just adds to that. ^_^
Still waiting for the fnaf AR theory lol
Maybe Ellie had an EXTREMELY big life insurance policy
I wonder if he got money from his wife dying and super mega put himself in debt he would be able to afford the cost of helium, balloons, and fishing line?
I've been waiting for years for this theory.
I'm just curious if you verified the fishing line would be able to hold the house? 30 million strings at, probably, 50lb weight or so each--I am sure it would. But just curious.
31 million balloons, you cant fit that many balloons in the space you need with only 50 feet of string. do the math and find its impossible. that many balloons would need about half a mile.
Man, I wish I could just fly away from 2020 with balloons.
I’m surprised that you didn’t make a video on this sooner...
But how does the weight for square footage apply to a multi story house? Much of the weight is shared per square foot, vertically, making the estimate potentially much much lower, perhaps even close to half. Also I have a very hard time believing his house is 2800 sq/ft. That is HUGE compared to it's appearance in the show and compared to the people in it. I think a size comparison between the characters and the house would produce a more accurate estimate of the ground floor sq/ft, as by eyeballing it, there appears to only be around 900sq/ft on the ground floor
Attention anyone reading this! There are 2 "Seko Seko" bots spaming in the comment section! Make sure to report their comments for comercial and spam wherever you spot them!  Thank you for your attention!
I love you so much matpat!! :)
okay so how many of the balloons pop during the trip I wrote this halfway threw the vid so if it gets answered don't hate on me if not PART TWO PLS!
I've been waiting for him to make a video on this
What if the balloon were filled with hydrogen them you would need less
also there's the fact that balloons shrink in the cold and pop when they get too high...
Theory: In Up's universe helium is incredibly lighter than in ours (it emits gravitons or whatever)
HEEEEEEEEEEY! HE FINALLY MENTIONED AUSTIN!
I think the other part stopping him would be the helium leaking out.  Also another comment, if you used hydrogen it would be much cheaper and use less balloons
"Ah, les glaneurs et la glanus" Huh? Pretty sure you mispronounced a couple things, no offense. It just sounds off. Even if that was intentional.
well i mean what about frickin having to PULL a house OUT FROM ITS FOUNDATION matpat?
Yep, I was born in the right generation
Cleveland man. Will forever be the joke of Ohio
You just HAD to cover one of my favorite Disney movies(right behind Bedtime Stories) and my FAVORITE ANIMATED Disney movie, didn't you? Well, thank you! You have made my day, and I haven't even watched the video yet!
Am I the only one think of how the string connecting the balloon and the house  is not breaking
people: MATPAT RUINED MY CHILDHOOD!  ayea (me): he is my childhood, sorry but. THATS JUST A THEORY A GAME/FILM/FOOD THEORY. THANKS FOR WATCHING people who stopped watching: whats food theory?
Childhood wonder ruined yet again.... Great start to my weekend <3   :D
My favorite movie..... aaaaaaaaa
South America is not a different countinent, the whole continent is calked America, and the "North, central, South" division is actually just for economical differences
2:22 Same continent, different country
Ahhhh that good old film theory intro music
I’m disappointed that there wasn’t a ft. Game theory in the title
so what you're saying is if a millionaire who owns a balloon company buys a small house and then gets all his Factory workers to blow up balloons it might be possible for him to travel the world in his house
... not counting the clean water, food, and other various supplies you'd need to travel such an insane amount of distance.
Nice to see the intro music again.
5:00 There’s no way the house in the movie is 2,800 sq ft.  That would be a BIG 4 bedroom house with a dining room, living room, family room, and large kitchen downstairs.  The Up! house appears to be about half that size. Maybe 1,700 sq ft at most.
But matpat who said up used helium he could have used hydrogen which is lighter than helium
I think you should revisit dory faking because in finding dory it clearly shows she had it since her childhood.
I watched Up on Disney+ just to understand this
Can you please say in your next video “Hello internet welcome to film theories.Wait did we forget to do the intro. Cue the intro stat.”
2:32 juice just uploaded lyrics to the song "up up and away" a couple minutes ago, and i was singing it, but we said up up and away at the same time
As you mentioned 'how hard can it be' only used a shell of a house, brings up yet another potential problem; the house itself regarding it's structural integrity.   They didn't account for all the wiring & plumbing a normal house would have, let alone furniture, or even having a stockpile of food & water on hand to live through the trip; and holding the house up by it's roof instead of it's base would make sense for keeping it balanced upright, but you don't need an architecture degree to know that roofs aren't built to hold that kind weight.  Sure older eras have been built to last in comparison to today's due to the recent decades of encroaching industry philosophy of planned obsolescence, but lifting a house from its top floor & roof feels dubiously safe from falling apart no matter when it was made. Kind of funny that the director had a significantly closer guess than a news site though XD
Do something about Pixar theory please 😔
I liked that anime 1:14 (Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere)
I just rewatched this lets go
It's not really a spoiler alert if this movie's been out for 11 years
I have been waiting for this for so very long...
-isn't ironic that the oldman from UP is from USA and getting to southamerica illegaly? -also, would the house even stay in one piece in that situation?
Mythbusters also did this..
Theory: where do people go when they get snapped (marvel)
Follow up theory: what if you were to get multiple big balloons and a huge balloon for the house?🤔
Sorry if this makes me sound stupid, but isn’t there a possibility that the fishing line snaps and the house falls out of the sky? Am I dumb for thinking that or could it happen?
Theory: is it possible to make a silencer from cloth like in the movie The Devil All The Time
heres a theory idea that im honestly surprised you haven’t covered yet because its kinda old but i see you are trying ketchup on the older movies you haven’t covered yet, my idea is i wonder if some of the events that happen in cloudy with a chance of meatballs would be pasta-ble irl, Ik the ice cream and jello wouldnt and the alive food is probably gummy bear-ly possible aswell but what about the spaghetti-nado and all the other foods?
Hate to rain on your parade, but this feat is NOT possible. You overlooked the ties used (fishing line) is simply NOT strong enough to lift that amount of weight. The lines would snap or the rubber in the balloons would rip & tear.
Can you lift a house with balloons? Matpat: yes Can you get that house all the way to south america? Matpat:yes Then "UP" is totally plausible  Matpat: weelllllllll
yo its my birthday and this video is like the cherry on top lol
I still have balloons from 2018
Of all the theories MatPat made, this one seems a bit sketchy. Just think about it, half of the things are based on conditional values. For example, at 11:07 he says that it takes 10 years to blow up all the balloons. He has to take into consideration that the balloons could be blown up at the same time, but then again where would space be for all of them. All I am saying is he uses too specific numbers, at 6:10 he says a huge number. This is way too specific and it makes all the 9-year-olds on YouTube think he is smart. All aside, I enjoy watching MatPat and I am subscribed to all his channels. He's just acting too smart. Also, you do realize he never makes videos about the present topics. This is because he prerecords everything and makes his editors do all the work. While all he does is talk about random stuff and the editors have to make him sound smart. I would know cause I used to be his editor back in 2018.                if you made it this far, then you wasted your timing reading a complaint made by a fellow youtuber
I'm going to release a balloon with the rick roll link attached to a scroll inside of it
I firgot to sub
Why did you do this to me
Man, I've waited for this Theory.
I wish matpat was my math or science teacher
"If you didn't make it through that last ten minutes either,"  1:37 When I first watched the movie, I was four, and didn't really know what was going on in that montage. Nowadays, I still feel no effect from his wife's death. I feel like a moron for not noticing that when I was between ages 4 and 11.
Film theory : how rich are Phineas and Ferb, and Dr. Doofensmirtz? Where does their money come from?
looks like that one comment i saw got a video
Honestly just wanna see some heists in 2021 that feature balloon lifting
THE GUY IS INSANE FROM GOING DODO'S BEING SOLO.... WAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHA HE N THE WEIRDO, GRUMPY OLD MAN WHO TALKED TO MANY DOGS R BOTH INSANE IN THE MAIN BRAIN TO FIND DODO IN AMERICA CONTINENT
Up was the last movie I watched in a cinema with friends before I left the US forever.
yo matpat love the vid and .......... suggetion how about a new intro ???
Day 18 of asking matpat to make a hazbin hotel theory
Please make a theory about which of Dr. Doof’s inventions is most deadly.
Love you mat pat I hope your doing great
I’m over here like “double Baltic” where have I heard that before, proceeds to look it up to no avail...  Ohhhh yeaaaa
I'd like film theory to discuss the structurel integrity of the Weasky house in Harry Potter. Kinda like the Game Theory episode on the Hello Naighbor house because I swear, without magic, it'd be fallen over
I literally did a science fair project on this in 5th grade haha
just make it a giant hot air balloon that would be sooo much easier
Tou forgot the weight of the passengers into the total weight
can you talk about Mandalorian or Wanda vision
11:01 but hey, instead of spending 10 years blowing up balloons by hand, they can spend 5 years making a machine to do it for them, like Coca-Cola
Wouldn’t all these balloons have to be filled with helium? Would there even be enough helium left since we are running low?😅
As a citizen of Cleveland. This was a deeply enjoyable episode.
fun fact. i have seen the real up house as i live only 5 minutes away! (:
Is David Blaine still called a magician or stuntman?
Theory: in the begining of back to the future, marty launches himself across the room with a speaker. Is this possible, and what harm would this cause to his body/eardrums?
Game theory intro: gets updated every episode Film theory intro: we don't do that here
Does anyone remember the last time he said AAAAAAND CUT. I miss the simplicity. And the nostalgia.
Imagine you get a house to fly with balloons and an army base shoots you down 😂😂😂😂
I have watched up 3 times and i have never cried at that part in the beginning
Oh no no
What about food and water because the amount of food and water you would need to sustain yourself for that trip would make the house WAAY heavier and make the costs WAAY bigger
Video idea: the science and physics of Hinata Shoyo's (from haikyuu!!) Jumps and/or quick attacks.
MattPatt, there’s one thing you over looked. The fact that Ellie and Carl worked at a zoo where they are fully stocked on Balloons. The price of the balloons might not have cost the same back then as they do now. There’s even the possibility that Carl may have stolen the balloons and the Helium to inflate them while he was working there and might have spent ten years getting them prepared to lift his house off the ground. So it still might have been possible to make such a feat happen.
Hi
How many balloons do you need to lift your average adult man?
CousCous Man
matpat, you only accounted for the house and not the furniture inside the house, which we see Carl throw out towards the end of the movie, AFTER reaching Paradise Falls. You had calculated the bare minimum for an empty house, no Carl, and no Russell.  Side note: I don't think Carl paid for the balloons, he probably stole most if not all of them from work as we know he works selling balloons at the local zoo.
You got the Earth's spin wrong. The sun rises in the east, so the Earth rotates towards the east.
I'm surprised this hasn't been put on the channel yet
Anyone else notice the quote from Pixar said the house was 1800 square foot? And the estimate in the video was 2800? Not that it made a difference in the outcome.
What about hydrogen baloons? They're lighter than helum
Just get 10 million people get them all to blow up 4 balloons then ur done✔
A true son of Cleveland! I love and hate you for your comments lol. Come visit after covid. We’ll light up the town. (Literally?)
Ben Shapiro be like: 7:17 *Speed up the video at 2x speed.
worst agnes varda movie, you may skip it
Ah yes, fishing lines. Like there it's only one item. There is many types of fishing lines eg. : Braided, monofilament, fluorocarbon etc. etc. And there is also many tensile strength of the lines. Best of lines is 8 - 24 spin braided diamond lines, which super durable and super light, best is 15 lbs test, lighter than monofilament 15 lbs test. Those aren't cheap, its 40$ to 200$ a 100 meter. Be specific of the lines. There aren't just only a 1 fishing line type in the world.
bro awesome! The past few movies you had made theories from are ones I recently watched or wanted. Like TWD, Ratatouille and now this.
A theory on the netflix Dark series would be cool
Why did he make a pedophile joke?
Couldn't do in real life OMG!!!!
New video. Nice
I thought you already did this theory ?
👍👍
These vids help me through the day. Keep doing what your doing, you got my support
FUN TIMES IN CLEVELAND TODAY!!!!!!!!!!
hey this is new..
Has anyone else wondered if matpat is ok? I feel like all that math and research was pretty hard on its own, but for doing these things for what, 6 years? Thats impressive for only 1 year. Take a break when you need to, matpat.
I'm from Cleveland too
MatPat saying there is a replica of Carl's house in Salt Lake is the coolest thing I can think of in Utah. I'm not saying thats sad but..
AYY Double Baltic, nod to  Food theorist. 10/10
do a cobra kai Theory
I was think he could just save the extra balloons he didn't sell but then I remembered that balloons with helium even in my house last like a month so ya that wouldn't work
I was waiting for this Topic to be explained finally
Finally, more physics based episodes instead of the lore based ones
yeah fck those first ten minutes      sob
11:01 pretty sure they could hire people to do that...
You forgot do you mean bro yeah you said how many balloons it would take to lift the house but how many balloons would it take to leave my house and all the people and dogs in the house
Hey Mat, what if you calculated the amount of money either Phineas and Ferb would of had to have spent or the same with Doof
Make dab meme
I was literally just talking about this with my brother a couple days ago what are the odds
How many YouTube play buttons do you have?
The only problem I have with theories about Up is that they don't take the deflation rate of the balloons into account if this trip takes hours or days these cheap party balloons will begin to lose helium and they will begin to sink so it would be much harder to get to the location and they would probably need more balloons to account for this.   This is not meant as hate for this video it was very interesting and well thought out and I really loved watching it this is just something I think of whenever I see Up theories in general.
He didn't account for inflation.
i feel like you are missing a crucial detail to be so willing to pop the theory. In the movie, we see that carl doesnt necessarily pay for the resources, instead smuggling some of the stocks from his job giving away balloons to kids. Assuming that carl is employed and a slightly more bold claim that the workplace uses the fishing line he needs in place of party ribbons, it is possible for carl to smuggle all the materials entirely for free, while letting his employer foot the bill. Yes, it is scummy, but it does remove cost as a factor.
I’m not from Cleveland but I am from Cincinnati Ohio
Ok, points noted. It has to be hydrogen.
i doubt it would take 10 years if there were machines that blew balloons for them
Hey, the real question is: how did  the explorer of up that was on a movie at the start didn't die after 70 years later.
Just sitting hear eating Oreos
Me: (living through creating mods for minecraft) Oh new minecraft stuff   Also me: (film theory notification) ill watch this first   (As if film theory is much important than my daily needs
Why hasn't matpat talked about where the balloons actually came from in the movie
wow just wow
Matpat with his puns is somehow the purest of all things here.
You don’t need to watch over movies about potato’s Technoblade had a war over them in Minecraft!
Nice to know, Film Theorists.
Just say yes you can, because it is possible. He still managed to do it.
I mean by yourself it's gonna take a long time but if youre rich you could get a lot of people to help you out
This video reminds me of the time the Mythbusters lifted a toddler with balloons
You should do a theory about who the Scranton strangler is
I lived in Cleveland, and everything he said was absolutely 100% true. We are the mistake by the lake, the fortress of crippling depression and the world leader in river fires.
i liked purely for that failed ad-libbing. lmao
Wait a minute. Did Fredrickson technically accidentally kidnap Russell? Because when you think about it fredrickson unknowingly took Russell with him to South America without Russell or his parents consent and didn’t even think about taking Russell back to the city where he belongs, would that mean that Russell would be considered missing back where fredrickson used to live?
The Baloonfest. Another nice Qxir video
matpat what about furniture
Has anyone considered how long it would take to fill all those balloons and put a string on them? And getting new helium cans from the store.. And buying the balloons..
The roof tiles are clay not slate... Clay tiles from that era are actually quite light. Well in the UK they're clay as slate tiles are always rectangles.
Elon musk has to do this now
horizon in the middle of nowhere fans where you at
I’m pretty sure coming down with a scout with him doesn’t count as a trick, prolly a felony.
Matpat do an episode where you calculate how much much money phineas and ferb. Spent during their summer Dang thanks for top comment guys
Daybreak gang where u at?
Kinda sad you didnt touch on Helium effusing from the balloons
When ever I watch matpat I think how does some one have so much time to make these
BRO I WAS LETERY WONDERING THAT WHEN MY SIS TOLD ME ABOUT IT
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO FOR SO LONG
I love “the boys” so much it’s genuinely my favorite show, please do some theories on it. Origins, mysteries, secrets, hidden lore, theory’s about future plot, please
yes let’s go
And that’s when the balloons popped and they died
Wasn't Carl a balloon salesman? I thought he got a lot of them cheaper of even for free (obviously not all of them and not all at the same time)
Also u gonna need some pretty strong strings
Matpat, please do some theories on “the boys”
This video coupd have been 5-2 minutes
I was actually wondering if Matpat would actually make a video about this.
Hi
Lower 48 reference for all us Alaskan's? That makes my day.
Me beast:”I know what we are going to do today”
Here's an ARG:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpGT0aZSrYr0FJumOX3yGeQ
but consider this, he stealed da ballons and spent 11 years blowing them up (1 extra year bc he's gotta take at least some breaks)
First
what mat pat should have done is find out what creature (most likely dinosaur) that Kevin is but now I have to do it myself. or that should be his next theory
Iv been waiting for this theory for years Matpat and you did not disappoint. Thanks
Horizon in the middle of nowhere reference I tip my hat to you MatPat
Listen up. Myth Theory. How does that sound?
...South America is not a different continent from North America. They are both just... America
Hey matpat heres a good question for the movie how can the ballons all fit in the chimney logicly
Ok but would that thin string would be able to support that house?
HI, ITS AUSTIN GUYS
Come one matpat your better then that. You need to also acount for how many balloons it will take to rip the house from its foundation.
The other day I was thinking about this
FT: it would take you TEN Years! MrBeast: Challenge Accepted
Isn’t Carl dead through most of the movie?
I wrote this theory like a year ago it finally became a vid lol
You should make a theory about the amazing film Sky High
Dude, I’m watching Up in class for a project.  What timing
Not even Mr beast could afford lifting up this house
1:14 speaking of under appreciated anime’s, three words...Girls Und Panzer, please watch it!! It’s a great anime and it’s a fun, full of action tv show and three movie series (with a fourth one coming out next year) about high school girls riding in WW2 style tanks and fight each other in a girls only, high school sport
It may be because I dont have emotions but even when I was a child the first 10 minutes of up never made me cry and I'm 15 at the time of writing this
I was watching UP last night and was wondering why this  theory wasn’t a thing yet so now I’m freaking out
Wait, why did the fishermen die?
Question if something is lighter then hilium would it lift somthing harder or faster?
“Up, up and away my beautiful, beautiful balloon!” Love that song
*To the early squad that is reading this is intelligent beautiful a young safe loved human and your family loves you so much ❤️*
Wouldn't the house lose structural integrity after getting pulled off the ground? Isn't that the biggest problem besides the cost?
Only 10 years? Hold my beer
Matpat: makes this video.                               Mr. Beast: trying A MILLION balloons to house
The earth spins west to east, I know no one asked but I was really bugging me 😂
*Only a future millionaire will like this*
I knew this video had to exist-
*Only people who didn't came from tiktok are worthy of liking this comment!!*
Can you do a theory about Elsa being the first super from the incredibles
How about an episode about the question what would happen if a zombie bites a vampire and the vampire bites you (+ every other creature that transforms you like werewolves)  out of big bang theory  Or an episode in which you find out whish one is the strongest (bodystrengh) (strawhats out of one piece for example) Would be awsome thanks
8 year old me: crying a little bit 17 year old me: GROSS SOBBING
Hey I live next to that up house!
I've always wondered where he got those balloons
I stopped my work because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I’d been suggesting this for a while...... oh well glad you still made it 🤷🏼‍♀️
Victoria falls is the highest wterfall
I thought everybody forgot about up
mr beast: *exists* NatGeo: why do i hear boss music?
Ayyyyyyy! That mention of Cleveland was nice. I live in one of its suburbs soooooooo, yeah.
I’ve been waiting for this for years.
he should make a wanda vision theory
Pitch for another UP theory- How much food would it take to feed all the dogs. Also, how many pounds would it add up too.
I really love your video ideas
2:20 "Another Continent"?
I already know the answer before i watch this video, no it wouldnt be able to lift it. However you would need tons. I learnt this from mythbusters
Mr beast?
I’m not criticizing, I’m just voicing my thoughts. Ultimately, the cost of it doesn’t change the plausibility, especially because he doesn’t have enough balloons in the first place. It’s certainly something interesting to talk about, but if you’re going to criticize the film for it, it be more accurate to the flaws of the film that: “this isn’t possible with this many balloons, but if it were, here’s how much, and also if you have the realistic amount, this is the cost”  I mean, this isn’t a traditional video movie critique so it doesn’t matter, just interesting to think about these things.  It is ultimately a flaw of the film, especially when it’s not got much of a fantasy element past the character designs and talking dogs (more like soft sci-fi)  (Btw, the PfP is for Halloween)
10:44 mr beast has entered the chat
Mat forgot to add in the fact buying in bulk is way cheaper then getting multiple individual items
My bigger frustration isn't with the number of balloons or the financial problems. It's the structural integrity. Would never work. Houses are built to hold things UP (pardon the Lin), not to hand things down.
...But could the fishing line actually be able to hold up the house?
。　.　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　.　 。　 ඞ 。　 . • • bloon  was not the imposter •. 。　.
Pixar: (Animates a movie of a fun adventure with balloons)  MatPat: “You weren’t supposed to do that.”
THANK U YAAAAAAS
but does the stuff in his house count as weight?
No don’t ruin this film for meee!!!!!!
Mattpat I graduated math class seven years ago QUIT MAKING ME DO MATH!
that house weighs more than the hindenburg did
Aren't you from Medina not Cleveland?
Can you please make a video about the technology used in hunger games. I always wondered how they used tech to make the games
So what if he was using hydrogen?
Nah, you just need 10 million volunteers to blow those balloons for you. Interns! As the rich exec's would say.
Wait im i a sociopath for not crying in the first ten minutes?
ive never actually cried in up hhh
I'm more interested in how the house managed to generate enough force to rip the house from its foundation
MatPat killing dreams of one day floating my house to live on a remote mountain is sadder than the first ten minutes of Up.
Double baltic! HE SAID IT
1:22 ah yes you've also seen shreksophone, you're more cultured than I thought
Up is my favorite Pixar movie  *me sees this* MY WRATH WILL ABLITARATE YOU Sort of
This video really         Raised my spirits 🙃
The simple fact of matpat calling out Venezuela's angel falls (which in fact, translates to "cascadas del angel" when the spanish name is "salto angel", so, it's more like "angel jump", kinda) is more than enough to make my venezuelan heart happy, good job there mat, My respects
Dude I’ve been watching this guy for so long and I really enjoy his vids but how, HOW, does Dream get to 10 mil before MatPat. LIKE WHAT!?!
Matpat: "is 5.1M dollars to fly your house with balloons"  Mr.Beast: "challenge accepted"
Hey Matpat, nice Video, but you've made mistake in your assumptions. If you take 50ft of String, which is 15.24m of String, you get a Volume of space, where balloons can be of: 4/3 * pi * (15.24m)^3 = 14826.666m^3 A typical balloon has a Volume of 2.5 liters = 0.0025m^3 If we assume that the balloons would arrange themselves to leave no gaps inbetween each other, we can calculate the maximum Number of balloons we could use (not even regarding the volume of the House in our Sphere) with the chosen length of 50ft: 14826.666m^3/0.0025m^3 = 5,930,666 Therefore, we would need a longer line, to use the 30+million balloons. That would lead to us needing more balloons to carry the line. In actuality we would even need more, since the balloons shouldnt be under the House, nor within the House. Also the balloons wouldnt take up the whole space, there would be air holes everywhere.
BTW helium is non renewable.  Stop wasting helium people!
NO
Hey well if 100 people tied balloons it would only take 1.2 months
39 years for a house to fall apart? I dont  think so.
I watched up a couple days ago and thought “could balloons lift a house, welp best to leave this to film theory” and two weeks later I got this. I know this isn’t for me but Thanks
Wow 🎈
1:16 I can’t see the title of the anime so what is it?
Okay but are we gonna ignore the fact you said it would take 10 years to blow up all the balloons ? That in itself makes the plot unachievable ! First off he did it over night and second off balloons don’t stay inflated forever, they would be deflating just as quick as you’d be inflating
...the Horizon in the middle of nowhere cracked me up
1:22  Ah, a man of culture I see.
One more issue is that helium balloons will get it off the ground but once they get up in the air the amount they are able to lift will drop the colder they get
No consideration to the integrity of the house itself? To be able to be lifted from a single, or even a handful of anchor points, Karl would have to reinforce the entire frame, making it even heavier!
Im just gonna leave this here  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysmLA5TqbIY&ab_channel=bishopvids
Okay MatPat I love Up and I just gotta say one thing, sorry,but you forgot something. I saw your episode"Film Theory: We FOUND The SIMPSONS!" and I remember you used a clip of Homer Simpson using an oxygen tank in the episode:"King of the hill" as a proof that the mountain had to be at least 8000 ft. tall. My point is even if you ignore the costs, the likelihood of him landing there, for the sake of argument, lets say that Carl could afford it, Would he just die because of lack of oxygen? Wouldn't Carl be flying his house over 8000 ft.? Thank you if you read it, and if anything is misspelled please correct it, I'm not from an English speaking country so please warn me.
I think no, bye
am i the only one who thinks that even if you could buy all the baloons  and stuff you cant tie all the ballons from the same part in the roof because it could break and then bye bye no house so it cant work
when you ask rick astley for his pixar movie and he’s like  *never gonna give you UP*
Seko Seko 7 I invoke Thee
This reminds me of Larry the lawn chair. You know the guy that flies through the air with a lawn chair lifted by balloons, then accidentally headed to the sea, passed an airport, then landed with broken power lines and a $1500 fine
Idea: How many days was Bill Murray stuck in Groundhog Day?
For your fourth channel - Do Book Theory to encourage people to read more! Plus that wonderful audible money!!!
Another thing to factor in is that all of the balloons break the house out of the foundation
Matpat: It’ll take ten years to fill up all the balloons. Me: Better start now
This episode should've been about how many balloons he used.
Huh... this seems weirdly familiar.... like I literally wrote this theory a few years ago on the Subreddit. Details are different, conclusions are the same, also I made a very similar looking thumbnail 👀 I’m sure it’s not anything, I just find it funny, great minds I guess
8:18 Earth does spin from west to east...
Theory: how rich are milo Murphy’s parents. They seem to fix everything wrong milo does
I’m Siri can you make a video about how America runs on Dunkin how how many calories or take for America to run on Duncan and how much money
This fishing line would also break
The river burned again in 2020 btw. Love you Cleveland.
Sure they could lift a house, but how many would it take to RIP IT OFF OF THE FOUNDATION like in the movie? Tearing plumbing pipes out and separating from the concrete foundation.
as a person from Venezuela  knowing that their is a reference to one of the  only good thing in Venezuela is referenced in a Pixar film is awesome! (believe me angel falls is the only good thing here)
I dont get it
Literally watching this video while answering a physics homework question on balloons and friction
elon musk make it happen
Imagine 10 million people filling ballons in harmony. Making the recreation of up's house recreation flying
badum tiss
1:15 what was the anime
Yeah I was wondering that too
Pete Docter's estimate was honestly almost there, if you're looking at the first few digits
Thats it! I'm done! Game Theory talking about stability and Film Theory talking at Meteorology 😓 I watch vids to get away from studying 🤣
I’m imagining David Blaine just revealing a Boy Scout from a duffel bag
Cool house cant fly.
You have you intro back!! *Nostalgia intensifies*
He made a double buttock joke
I don't agree with that part about the cost. It's true that early on they were poor, but at the end he just buys a ticket to Paradise Falls. Clearly at some point in there they stopped worrying so much about that and ended up with enough of a savings that it's not a huge deal.
Finally. 2020 is looking up.
I was just thinking this last week!!
Wtf dude lived through 4 decades
How dare you forget Kevin Shame on you
You forgot one detail, not only would the balloons have to lift the house, but they'd have to provide enough lifting force to pull the entire house off of it's foundation, as well as sever all other pipes, wires, and other connections the house has to the ground, so it would take even more lifting force then calculated.
People are getting a little CARRIED AWAY....... (I thought it was funny)
Wall-E is not a cannibal remember the regenerative food supplies
FINALLY AN UP EPISODE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When your neighbor has the up house that’s on film theory
Film Theory! StILL the loudest intro song on youtube!
What about leakage? How many people do I need to hire to simultaneously fill up balloons before they lose their helium.
He leaves out the main question     How strong must the string for the balloons be to carry everything
“Cleveland is the double Baltic of cities”  I get that reference
I miss read the release time from "2 hours ago" as "2 years ago" and dude... I was convinced he pridicted 2020 perfectly
Me who lives in Utah: wait what!!! Imma go look at the from my car because safe social distancing :(
6:26 if only those ppl knew that a legend was gonna soon be born
Can you do a video about quicksilver and the mansion scene to see what would happen to the students if they went that fast?
Question for u matt do u  say ur intros everytime or have have it prerecorded
Matpat: we’re almost at the Diamond play button.  Me: He just wants a play set of them
We all know this was coming
Thats Mr. Fredricksen to you bub!
But what about if Carl saved balloons and hellium tanks for many years (when he sell balloons) until he had the exact quantity he needed.
Bro this dude has too much fun editing
This was suggested 3 years ago and now it’s here
But what if he used hugh weather-balloons and hydrogen?
MatPat if you really watched Horizon in the middle of nowhere you just earned millions of brownie points from this fan of that series <3 <3
I have trained for years to watch the up opening without crying and I did it I no longer cry at the up opening
Mythbusters already did it!!
he shouldve had a umbrella to go down
I love your vids 💕❤️👍
Never change the Film Theory intro like you do constantly with Game Theory MatPat. Please
I, uh... I actually made it past the first 10 minutes.        HELP....
Have a great day
I stopped my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I knew there'd be a new video today since food theory posted
7:13 love to see McDonald's references
Wouldn't the biggest obstacle for this theory ALSO be the fishing line? Yes the weight of the house will be distributed between all balloons, but would regular fishing line still be strong enough?
I litterly just watched that documentary
So double baltic 🤣
Request: new fresh intro
Unanswered problem: With how much space the balloons will take up, how much additional string (beyond the 50 ft assumed) would you need to secure all the balloons to a small area? Would there be a most efficient pattern to tie them to each other that would reduce the string costs?
Aside from being tremendously dangerous how would the numbers change if Carl used Hydrogen?
I bet almost nobody gets what a double baltic is
On this video, I got a ad from the Disney You tube channel about Up, in that ad there was the question how many balloons does it take to lift Carls house, they answer was 10.000
They should just take a plane. It would cost far less for a plane and not to mention the time it would take to set up a balloon system like that up. I doubt it would even be done in his lifetime.
Ngl I’m actually pretty surprised this hasn’t been done yet 😂
He was almost born when the bite of [ EIGHTY SEVEN ] !
I love UP but is he a simp for spending 5.1 million dollars on his dead wife just for him to leave his house at the end of the movie? Not trying to be rude, this is a serious question.
If MatPat is from Cleveland, it makes me wonder what he thinks of Bandstand
I was about to say first but then I say 3 k comments
Thats all well and good, but you forgot to show how much it would cost if he did it more efficient ways, like bigger balloons, or sealing his attic and making it a vacume?
It would likely take more balloons than you calculated because you assumed the house was empty. You'd need to add the weight of Carl, Russel, and any Furniture they were carrying at the very least
I've been waiting for this theory for YEARS
I NEVER EVEN GET ONE LIKE ON A COMMENT
The question is how did he send his vid in food theory to film theory? Wait don’t answer that.
Have you started watching Qxir? It’s just he made videos on the colonel’s curse and on balloonfest.
0:26 no one : david blane production team :”write that down, write that down”
If you take the 9 liters per balloon, multiply it by 30.000.000, then divide by 1000 and take the cube root, you find out that the balloons would fill a volume of 65*65*65 meters (210*210*210 feet) or a sphere with a diameter of 40 meters (130 feet).  This is assuming all balloons pack together perfectly, which is not the case. But even if it was, you'd need at least twice the length of string, which would double its weight and decrease a balloon's carrying capacity, which means you'd need even more balloons.
I would use hydrogen instead of helium becaus its lighter
my last names cleveland
So booking a plane would have been faster, cheaper and reduces the risk of hitchhiking dogs and boyscouts?
I'm gona say at least 5.
How dare you leave 10 hours of Shreksophone in your Watch Later...
You guys need to make a new intro.
THE DOUBLE BALTIC BACK AT IT AGAIN
I HAVE BEEN ASKINH FOR THIS SINCE I STARTED WATCHING. THANK YOU
i legit was thinking about why you haven't done this today but
Oof, we didn't even get into weather the balloons that densely packed together would cause the ones on the inside to rupture.
E
You sir, got another like. I'm a simple venezuelan man: I like my country be called for positive things, my math in the International system and bad jokes related to science (yep, I'm a subscriber since the begining XD)
Hi
all those clowns handing balloons at the park have lived for this moment, years of academy training used.
A level geography let me understand the weather bit I hate myself
Bruh i need to visit the irl up house
Matpat during the my hero academia theory all mights secret quirk  well in the manga some of the one for all users had other quirks
Did the film theory just say who asked That’s ironic
Anyone else stop the video to figure out that it would cost  ~$5,191,719 to get that many balloons only to figure out that he addresses that later on... (also, I didn't even think about the cost of helium or fishing string. The first set of balloons I found cost a lot more than his did)
The one thing I didn’t hear you talk about and I’m curious if you included this in your math and possibly didn’t talk about in the video. Is the tensile strength of the fishing line because at a certain point it will snap
How quickly would the ballons and string break from the friction of each other tho? Just curious
maybe with all the madness with 2020 maybe the browns will win the super bowl
maybe the had some ballons and fishing string before and also he could have had death benefits set up before her death
“Our balloons will block out the sun”
The people who make the balloons are gonna get rich because of how many balloons he bought
When he said *now that’s a trick* I thought *now that’s Italian*
Me: is it possible  Matpat every five seconds: well yes but actually no
The up movie is inaccurate. I tried 57000 balloons to my house and my wife didn't die
Mr.beast is typing...
Www
hi matpat! great video! i was watching some good ole spongebob and i thought it would be an interesting idea to investigate the legality/consequences of the episode where mr. krabs makes spongebob and squiward work 24 hour shifts not stop eventually having to make 10000 krabby patties for plankton. could you explain what the consequences and legal repercussions in irl?
I've been waiting 2 years for this I'm so happy
Carl could have just gotten a plane ticket :D
MatPat is staking me, we litterally just talked about this movie in class wt heck MATPAT
oof, that balloon fest was a disaster
Can't wait for Mr. Beast to see this, then actually do it.
🚀Elon Musk🚀 is typing...
I remember game theory
Why can’t you make a theory about the story of little nightmares I mean like cmon
I've thought the same things about other takes on this topic. The answers always seem really haphazard and not very thorough
I re-watched Up and I was wondering this, also what if he used hydrogen.
Loss of helium and making sure not to pop them all from too far up.
6:25 oh god the sea turtles
We need Austin in here for the numbers😂
wouldint the fishing line break
OMG finally
Anyone else get the Baltic reference
What happend to the factors of static electrisity
Can you do a theory about season 4 of stranger things!! Like if you agree ↙️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏↙️↙️↙️
Looking forward to the day this theme will be updated!
Take a look at dune.
I’ve always wondered this thank you mat pat for telling me
I’m very surprised they’ve never made this video before
i have a request for an episode of film theory, is cartman deppressed, from south park
Austin!
i like how u said "uugh what a double somthing" slow clap "clap... clap...clap..."
When this movie came out, my wife & I were going through some REALLY tough times and our health really suffered for it. We saw this movie a couple of days after I got out of the hospital and had to go back in a few weeks later for surgery. Up, really did hit too close to home for us. Luckily, everything worked out and I'm here enjoying MattPat (even though his comment about when he was born made me & my wife feel old) and typing away in the comments section of YouTube. Still, that movie's beginning is just too hard to watch again.
The movie had such an amazing love story
That last part about having a distraction and the videos that make me feel a little better about life and being there for us made me cry. I was percribed antidepressants a week ago, its rlly true ive been binging all 3 channels and its given me something to enjoy. Thank you :'(
MrBeast has entered the chat...
I mean you could go to a cheap store that sells balloons for less than a dollar. Rob a bank maybe. I mean sure he might fall in 2 days because the balloons are cheap for a reason and the cops might find him before he can put all the balloons in his house, but it's a possibility
Or Carl is just dead
Cleveland loves you too! I'm watching from Cleveland! Cleveland born and raised
MatPat: Millionaires, don't do this because it will take you ten years to blow up all the balloons yourself. Millionaires: *Laughs and pays hundreds of people to do it for them*
What about all the stuff inside the house
Double Baltic. wink wink. nudge nudge. *cough. go watch food theory* ;)
Please post this change.org petition to get Dumb and Dumber (David Benioff and D.B Weiss) removed from Three Body Problem adaptation on Netflix http://chng.it/TGp8rhtgWJ These HACKS have to stop getting their hands on great book series and ruining them
Follow up.  Could the balloons have even take the house off it's foundation?
I am a boy scout. And I would love to  actually preform that stunt. If I die I die, that's showbiz baby
Just challenge MrBeast to do so
Matpat really made the Persona 4 Anime credits his intro
"Double baltic" xD I see what ya did there :P
Another childhood movie ruined.
I found a really cool alternative reality game on tiktok @alicia.gullien.reeves. sorry it sounds like an ad lmao i just thought some of you arg fans might wanna know.
Hometown got shoutout in utah
Hey mat can you make a video on voltron
Also the Cleveland balloon indecent was a huge ecological disaster, and the whole thing was a little dumb in general to just dump our ever decreasing helium supply into the air
Someone did this before a up even released  i mean he’s pretty cool search  it
Elon.. Musk... dew it
Just realized matpat is from 5hebsame place as Bone Thugs N Harmony
Wellllllll you forgot to add the weight of furniture inside the house and millionaires can do it they just need lots of prople
I  reckon it could be done with one custom made hot air balloon that is the equivalent of all those balloons.
Ayyyyyyy double Baltic, I see you matpat
There's one more thing to take into consideration: after some time, the balloons start loosing helium and the total weight they can lift reduces.
Can we just give a round of applause for all of these years of amazing appreciation into editing and top tier professor vibes this channel has given us
Hey Matpat got a Halloween film theory for ya. In Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, we learn that Aragog( Hargid's giant spider friend) and his children have been living the Forbidden Forest for Fifty years. My question for you is that could these huge non-native spiders actually thrive as they do in a northern England forest? And what have they been eating? Arachnophobes beware! 🕷️🎃🕷️
he also could be using hydrogen which weighs less, is cheaper, and more abundant.
My own calculation estimated that the amount of gloves in the movie were accurate enough. I guess i was wrong.
Can you figure out what Aragorn his tax policy is? "What was Aragorn’s tax policy?" - George R. R.  Martin
The up house apperently weighs about the same amount your mum
No be you
Lawn chair Larry 1982
"cleveland is the double baltic  of cities"   He said it... He Said It!
I always thought he just stole all the supplies from work? 🤔
Hey it is possible if your a billionaire just hire a lot of people to do it faster
The important questions we need answering
10:27 mr beast will make a video out of it
Yeah, common sense says that tiny house does not weigh 91 metric ton.
*its not funny that people died but, joke<3*
I want to see Austin make a film and food theory video 🥺
What if he just stole all those balloons?
Can someone tell me what that anime is that he was talking about.
He had a Boy Scout with him*
YOOO I LIVE IN SLC AND DIDNT EVEN KNOW THAT HOUSE EXISTED IM GOING RN
This is perfect timing bc i used to watch this when i was little and i just saw it again yesterday and thought "I'm pretty sure thats not enough balloons to carry the house irl isn't it? I think so..." Edit: oh and i thought "Also wouldnt they pop at that height and after that long woulnt they deflate anyway?"
Cool video!
This is all assuming it has the same gravity as are Earth and it is not  a fictional universe
You can't fill that many balloons without the others running out of helium ToT
He didn't even mention all the additional weight of the furniture and appliances within the house so it'd cost even more in balloons and fishing wire to lift the house off the ground
billionaires: yes but, what is i hire people to blow ballons? huh matt?
matpat you forgot to account for the weight of carl and the boyscout
Bold of you to assume a billionaire does anything themselves. If they hire millions of people to each blow up a good deal of balloons for a while itll probably take them no time at all
This is kinda off topic but now I want to ride on a mattress filled with helium (if it’s even possible)
So Carl had a stroke and dreamed of his balloon adventure after slipping into a coma? Sad movie 8(
One thing not mentioned in anything I can think of who has done this sort of theoretical. is that houses are built for a downward force on them. So unless you were really careful and braced the house correctly which adds a lot of weight. The force required to tear a house from its foundation would probably just tear the roof or second story off instead. Best case the house crumbles to bits as it lifts off, worst case you tear the roof off and also have the house be condemned. Either way, I doubt it could take the beating to get there let alone the other fantastical concepts needed.
Hello                How are you? 😅
Question... what about the force of the balloon in the center by the outer balloons?  Would they be able to retain their structure or would they pop making this moot from that direction outside of cost?
MadPat: How many balloons does it take to lift the house?   2020: I don't know. How many?
Someone did this before a pool even mean he’s a guy who does stop search it
Well, Mr. Fredrickson works at a zoo as a balloon man. So maybe that zoo has all the materials he needs?
Mulan Film Theories?????????? 👁👄👁
It's the same continent MatPat 🙃
One thing I wish you'd touched on was if the house its self would hold up to the different forces from being lifted by its chimney. The one t show built a house to be lifted that way but would a normal houes be up for that type of force
"Cleveland is like the Double Baltic of cities" Me, who's seen the Food Theory episode: *reference time*
Anyone else chuckled when Matt dissed out other theorist because they didn't show there work
7:14  *”I got that reference”*
I was hoping to hear the optimistic estimates using the whether balloons.
Finally I requested this years ago lol
Cant billionaires just hire people to inflate ballooms
So, I  am curious what other forces we can try and use.  Certain Spiders release threads and then can use it to float.  Experiments show that this is from the electric differential while in earth's magnetic field.   Is there a way that those baloons could act similarly and perhaps reduce the overall number.  You'd probably still need at least 9 yrs to fill them up, but maybe it would help some
In short, it is easier to just build a plane and fly there
DoUbLE BALTIC 7:13
Great video, but I do think we can guess where the house is was before the whole balloon incident. I always assumed that the house was in Oakland or somewhere else in the east bay, because they had Fenton's at the end. So we kinda have a decent approximation for the location of the house.
Finally we get a theory of Disney Pixar’s UP!!
I love how this channels intro has stayed the same for the longest time out of the four
Imagine if Cleveland released those balloons today... That is one massive environmental problem.
Hi
Theory idea what is stronger adamantium aka wolverine claws or vibranium
There's two things that somewhat bothered me about this movie when I first watched it. One, how does the house suddenly start rising out of its foundation as soon as the balloons are released from the roof? I don't know if you knew this but helium balloons are pretty much always going to rise. And two, how does it release itself from the strong foundation of the house? The foundation is designed to be super strong, and the small error to this video the calculation only includes The house not anything possibly in it, nor the extra lift that you need to get out of that foundation.
VENEZUELA
Mr. Beast should do this for like a billion subscribers and we can all pitch in
hmmm...
Someone actually did this I watched a YouTube video about him not so long ago you should’ve just used that
I went to school in Ohio. Tiffin Ohio. I feel you about Cleveland.
Mat Nye: The science guy   Already done? Oh ok.....
Maybe the reason why they were poor was because Carl bought all those balloons and kept inflating them over the years.
I'd say the balloons losing helium over time is the biggest issue here, but as always, it isn't even mentioned.
i have a couple more interrogations about up.   is it possible (without building the house from scratch) to have its integrity  preserved when lifted? (not even questioning the absence of foundations when in the air)?  how strong should the wind blow to move a 5000t flying object (i consider that the ballons and helium are as massive as the house)?   that question brought me out of the story when i saw it it theater, and i still consider this day that the intro is a better pixar movie than the rest of the film.
1... only one big one...
Have these people never heard of lawn chair Larry. The guy is way cooler than the stunt that David Blane did.
I guess Carl won the lottery after his wife died
I don't need anymore my 9-5 because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
What about landing?
Can you make a video about how much Ballons do you need to lift the earth I know it is impossible but think the mass of earth in some bigger planet where the is earth like air and how much Ballons it would take pls read the comment because you never do and it would be really interesting
That moment when helium is cheaper than balloons
i have never cried watching up
On top of all that, anyone who's ever had a latex balloon knows that after a few days, the He leaks out, and the balloon stops floating : i.e. it can't even support its own weight.  So you would have to inflate and connect 30 million+ balloons to the house, and float it to a different continent in a matter of hours.
At this point, it would be cheaper to buy an airplane than to use balloons to lift your house.
CEO of ruining our childhood
Wouldn't you also have to deal with updrafts, like the one that ultimately stood in the way of balloons making it to the island in Austin's ACNH video from a few months ago? The house isn't headed for an island, but it still has to cross open ocean and land on another landmass.
I'm going to attach balloons to my dog
Good job Ok
Oh my gosh, I too was born just outside of Cleveland in November of 86!
YAS 10 hrs of Shreksophone dis man has gud tastes.
Can I object? I have seen a theory that is even sadder than the movie, but explains everything.  Carl died after his wife passed.  Russ is a Angel helping him get to heaven.  The dude that owned all the dogs was a fallen angel or demon trying to have him get off course and hopefully having him never join heaven. Heaven is Paradise Falls. The movie is his journey.
I want you to do Theory on the movie minions. I’ve been wondering about them. In the beginning of the movie you can see them evolve to match the optimal size of their “master” if there master is giant would they also be big? And what is the average life span? Are they immortal? Because through the years of evolution they were all still there. From caveman to civil war. To modern day. I’d love to see it happen😋
Wait what you guys cry
Finally 🙄
Hello film theory welcome to internet !
MatPats right  I’m from Cleveland as well, and still live near the city And if your not born in Cleveland and you make fun of Cleveland, you’re prepared a lot of hate 😡
It is so weird to me that everyone calls the opening sequence of Up "The First Ten Minutes of Up" when it is maybe 4 minutes long.
my emotions say to dislike but my brain says to like... help me matpat im losing it over here
Mr beast is probably watching this
Hey Internet welcome back to ruin your child hood theory   It's a joke I'm not a hater to anyone who thinks I am
I also think it might be hard to actually pull the house off the foundation, because i remember there being a scene where the base breaks off to let the house rise into the air. Wouldn’t that need more force than just to lift the house?
I swear its just a movie
This is a reason why Carl is actually dead.
But Matt, where would he hide the boy scout? I mean.... there is one place I can think of.
Fourth problem: How did Carl fill all of those balloons in less than 24 hours!?!?
Whats the title of the anime or is it a photo shop of a bunch of em
1:40 op?
Just TRY not to say "b'a'llons" when saying B'LOONS
he's done it yet again. another few million childhood dreams annihilated
I missed the film theory intro thank you for bringing it back
MrBeast, it’s time
YES I BEEN WAITING THIS FOREVER!  BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER!
Tell Austin to read my comment at the game theory in the strongest fictional character
Hello Fellow Clevelander.  Actually we set the river on fire... twice.
FINALLY I WAITED FOR THIS THEORY FOREVER
Film theory: how many balloons does it take to lift a house  Me: I dont need sleep, I need answers
6:18 I was guessing either 1.5 billion or 3.5 billion.
I could see the headlines now  *David Blaine skydives with boy scout*  Yea thats a winner 🏆
The answer, like many things is slavery. -Techno the pig
Well, originally they were planning to buy plane tickets, so I don't really know why he ended up flying his house to South America :/
Finally, its here
carl making 1 balloon every millionth of a second after just robbing a bank and purchasing all the latex and helium in the world and finding the perfect spot to lift off during a storm to get to the fairy falls this man is an ultimate chad
Mr. Beast: I just lifted a house with balloons
Up is 11 years old
That 31 Million Ballon calculation? Did you account for the furniture in the house? Because that 31 Million Balloons would only be enough to JUST lift the house. Also to pull it off, you’d need to spend even more money than 5.1 Million dollars if Furniture were being lifted as well
Hi MatPat
I can bet u all film theory won’t see this
*Finally* Someone is asking the important questions
Are you talking about Cleveland Ohio
So... about those meteorological balloons. What if Carl used those?
my brain: So one latex baloon for a baggie. cool.
Ive been to the house in salt lake. Its really cool and has a closet of balloons. 🤗
Pinkie Pie could do it
"Getting carried away"  Booooooo
11:02 yeah but... millionaires/billionaires can just hire a bunch of people to do it for them... (and will probably underpay them to cut back on their precious money)
Dude, my home state of Utah was brought up in a film theory and Pewdiepie video. That’s kinda epic
I have been waiting for this theory since Film Theory started. I literally suggested it on every video in the first year of Film Theory.
so *that's* why Austin made that science video about balloons.
I'm sorry Matt but if David Blaine landed with a child in his bag I think that might be a lawsuit not too much of a trick
Whenever someone tries to point out the problems with Carl's plan, I just remember this quote from Spill.com's review. *Leon* : "Honestly, he could have sold (his house) for just under market value, made a tidy enough profit to fly there in style, and buy a villa because the rate of the dollar is so much higher..." *Carlyle* : "OH SHUT THE F$!% UP! IT'S A KID'S MOVIE!"
I love hearing matpat talking about how shitty Ohio is. As someone who lives about 30 minutes away from where he grew up it's all true.
You should do all marvel deaths like you did with Pixar
Seeing that much helium being wasted hurts me.
How did charls muntz be able to get the ripoff Hindenburg. After nineteen-thiryni-....(Genocide noises)   *Nevermind*
But wasn't Carl selling balloons during the beginning of the movie, the part where he's a young adult and spending time with he's wife, he probably never sold many balloons so he just saved them over the years, may sound stupid but who knows
The bots are evolving... they've taken over the comment section, everyone run for your lives!!!
Could fishing line even hold a house
Yeah Matt, I'm sure you would love to see David Blaine have a little boy on his back LOL😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.
You forgot if your rich you don’t gotta do shi just hire people to do it for you 😂
Do a theory on movie "Platform" The best way to survive individually  The best way to survive as a group
what about mr beast tho
okay 5 million to buy all the balloons but it wouldn't take too much time to fill them up if you spent another 5 million to pay people to fill them all up
👏🏻 thankyou
Are we going to talk about "teensie tinesie?"
theres two other issues, pressure, as well as pressure atmospheric pressure, as you get higher i think the balloons would be less effective, however i dont know how to account for thatthe other issue, is physical pressure of the string of each balloon being attached to a very small area, which would likely rip that spot up, but i think it could be fixed by spreading the connecting points around the house, probably mostly in lower and heavier areas
Matpat was that intentional? 0:18 "getting a little CARRIED away" Carried away by balloons? hehehee
The house doesn’t just sit on the foundation, it is attached to it. You didn’t take into account the force needed to rip a house from its foundation.
7:12 hehe   Double Baltic     refference
Ohioans are the only people aloud to make offensive jokes about Ohio because otherwise you're wrong. But if you're from there make fun of it as much as you want, chances are you'll make some friends. (Yes I can judge as much as I want, fellow Ohioan) 💛
Bro this episodes intrp was really good ngl and so true. Nj film theorists
A surprise punishment in impractical jokers 9:34
Who else is nine years,👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦👦
What about the balloons popping when they get closer to the sun?
That hidden shrecksophone tho
Matt Patt... maybe Carl didn’t want to live on the falls for another 20 years, what if he purposely WANTED to die. Just live until he died, maybe even jump off the falls, so he could live with Eli in their house on the falls in heaven. Cause I’m pretty sure he would have planned the food thing out if he wanted to live longer. And that’s why he wasn’t worried about the debt thing :(
He had Ellie’s life insurance.
I live in Cleveland and I can say the same u did
great question!
I have been waiting for this video for so long. Not disappointed 😄
Okay but seriously tho that theme song is a bop
Bloons couldn’t lift up Mr. beast let alone in a house
The intro is back😭🔥🔥
Double Baltic😂
Ah he said it, he said the thing
5 million bucks that’s Jeff bezos’ pocket lint
Speaking of fictional things built in real life in Utah, there’s also a life sized sculpture of a crashed TIE Fighter in a field in Heber, Utah.   Both the Up House and the TIE Fighter are absolutely incredible to see in real life.
I mean it’s possible but not realistic at all lol
Film Theory is basically spoilers for the movie plus some facts
4:23 "When carl and ellie meet in it in 1939"  me: (Inside laughing) 1939 eh? in victorian london eh? heh. Well, Mustace man is comin for you.   (Explosion and german noises) Heh. well im off. see you after the war.
2:21 "another continent" goes from America to America
Anyone else get the double Baltic joke?
So who wants to watch 10 hours of shreksophone
One of my favorite movie btw it’s my birthday 😁
You didn't cover one tiny detail: The house was ripped from it's foundation
David Blaine flew over my hometown of page AZ
Thank you, it took me 2 days of asking but hey idk if this is a coincidence or if matpat actually read my comments on the last 2 videos but i like to believe i had a part in this
How long ago did he start it I know it hits you like a bullet to the heart so what go from Winnie did the balloon to from all the way back or at least as long as back as you need to go it's easy when you think about it it's harder than hard when you do it of course but how about you try it who knows maybe it'll actually work take as long as you need just please figure it out
Matpat the old guy could off went to the dark web to buy cheap helium
Also, wouldn’t the fishing line break?
Ahhh yes the child hood destroy is back
Film Theory team Please More My hero academia Theory’s *like so they see*
North america and south america are part of the same continent
Real question should be how can Charles Muntz be as old as he is yet still put up a fight against Carl
Another continent ? venezuela is in America
YOU! MATPAT you just made a silly theory about lifting a house up with balloons ._.
I think they tried to do this on Mythbusters?
I hope Mr beast is watching this
So a guy did basically the same stunt as a guy in 1980 did but the guy in 1980 reached 10k feet and was in the flight path for lax.
3:07 Ah yes, air. 100% oxygen. I love the feeling of inhaling in pure pain as my lungs slowly corrode away.
what is the witty banter?
Sooo devil’s advocate here but what if he was able to do all of this because of a life insurance policy
That's funny.would have thought. He would ruin this part of our childhood ages ago... Thanks for giving us a little be more time lmao      Love you. Bro 💯
As a Clevelander i can agree that is in fact Cleveland being Cleveland
you didn't consider the tensile and/or compressive strengths of the house materials and the fishing line...   something inevitably would've snapped loose...
Where are all the "AUSTIN'S IN THIS VIDEO!!!" comments?
Did or did I not recommend this??? Idk maybe... or not *cardi laugh
Finally I’ve been waiting for this one
Came home from school see this I instant click
Thank you for making a dull year more fun! I only wish I could subscribe twice
I went back to the nugget cave theory on the game theory channel immediately after watching this one, and the final amount and cost of balloons to fly a fully furnished house across continents are roughly a tenth of the amount and cost of chicken nuggets needed for a five-year-old to survive a 10-story fall.
This seems like a Mr. Beast video idea
What about the furniture?
*DO NOT* click the links that those Bots are commenting with the  "OMG............" stuff  ive delt with bots before i know what bot accounts look like im  not clicking those links
Heeeeey, Cleveland isn't that bad. I live in the Cleveland Area and have family there so I can say. It is even worse. I hate it. This is just my opinion though
Haven’t watched it yet but I’ve been so excited for this theory!!!  Okay, I do have a question. I’m not sure how all this works, but wouldn’t the balloons go up in the atmosphere and pop?  And then they’d die..? Or is there more science to it?
And if you were to spend all that time blowing bloons then once your finished blowing them all up the rest will be deflated. I didn't see you add that factor in about how long it would take and when the balloons would start to deflate.
People who has billions and bored.. Probably They would make a machine for that lol
now calculate how strong is the ballons on his house are.
Didn't Mythbusters do an episode debunking the "Up" balloons thing long ago?
Do a video about karens i know its not a film theory but pleasssss
Who else is from Ohio
yeah
I'm surprised I didn't see anyone talking about how it would take an eternity to set this all up. We are talking about 31 Million Balloons. He wouldn't survive long enough to get through with his plan, because let's be honest he also wouldn't have anyone that could help him. So even if he had the money, he just wouldn't have the time.
If somebody can afford a house and over 5 million dollars in balloons i am very sure they could play people to inflate and tie balloons
How about the plumbing and support of the house, how would he get rid of those?
I love this theory, but MatPat didn't answer the main question I always had with this movie. In the scene right before the thunder storm you see that all the balloons are connected to the fireplace grate. I always wondered if the grate could actually be strong enough to hold the entire house or would the house break off as soon as the balloons started to lift?
0:09 you see that flat Earthers CURVATURE UNEDITED FOOTAGE WITH CURVATURE  #theearthisround
As a German, I know it is more like 99 balloons.
MatPat: The Authentic Reddit troll and ruiner of childhoods since 2007
After all these years and the intro is still the same
Keep up the good work!
Matpats is 40 yrs old
I wonder how many people went and freeze frame on those boxart at around 1:15, and how many of them recognize that underappreciated obscure anime as  HORIZON IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE!?!?!?!?!  I don't even know any casual anime viewer ever watched it.          Film Theory episode on that show coming up????
He does realize this is a fictional movie right?
pls do a film theory on the muppets where walter joins,and pls ruin it as possible
Excuse me Matpat,may I request a theory?How about you make a theory about Cartoon Network (Like Amazing World of Gumball or Adventure Time).Sorry for my bad english
"to another continent" it's still America :| it's the same continent
He could have used hydrogen. He probably does not care much about safety when he decided to lift his house with balloons.
10 hours of Shreksophone same Film Theory same
CLE represent
All nostalgia being thrown around, does anybody remember when they were a kid and getting a balloon, tying that balloon to your favorite toy and have it dance around.  Forbid if the toy was lighter and the balloon drift off with it.
What about landing and oxygen levels? He obviously has to go very high. He may not have enough oxygen. Also, the pressure on the house while it goes higher. It may crush the house.
Ummm in that 30 million did you account for the extra balloons that are needed to actually lift the balloon and not to get it to equal weight and lifting force
Not even joking, I was actually hoping he would do this video only today
8:22 Am I the only one who’s annoyed about that purple balloon that’s sticking out?
Sup Dude. Can you add English subtitles to your videos ? Because you are speaking very fast (it is a good thing) but as a Turkish it is hard to understand and automatic underline is not enough. By the way i love your videos, they are just theories (a film theory) but they are allways make sense :D
"Make to another continent" North America to South America       To another what?
This is my inspiration videos that made me a kid if philosophy and now I ask weird questions so yeah good vids :p
this channel teaches me more than my school does
wait? that's it? what about the staff inside the house? (it's not like it got trow out at any point)
in order to find out how much a balloon can carry you need a actaul balloon so subtracting the weight of the balloon is kinda useless and would probably reduce the number but it will still be big
pixar: Its House with balloons.  mr.beast : Its a thought.  Matpat: Its a failure  Me: Its a budget zepplin.
people forget that there was piping and wires in the earth that were attached to the house AND the cementing and foundation made specifically so the house stays in place
I swear Elon will attempt this just because he can
The cleveland fiasco also cost them a few million in lawsuits to the organizers, air traffic rerouting leading into an airport shutdown as the balloons coated the runways, many car accidents and property damages
Fnaf por va bor pleeeeeeaaase not mean comment I love your channel/videos
have always wanted to know this lol
I doubt the materials for the house would actually hold being held, especially since it is designed to rest on a foundation, and is going opposite to gravity.
Is it just me or has it been a while since we saw the intro to film theory
Finally
It’s actually mind blowing that you haven’t done this one yet. I’d think it’d be pretty obvious.
Creeper.......
Been a while since I saw the intro.
Wait did mat pat actually ask Austin for help wow  Ik u two were besties
Actually, Cleveland set the river on fire more than once... Also, where's the safest place to go during a tornado? Cleveland Browns stadium, there's never a touchdown.
Can you do more of these
I also have 10 hours of shreksophone in my watch later playlist
How long does helium stay in those balloons? You might need to replace them at some point as well.
I'm pretty sure he heavily modified his house before he "went up". Houses don't just lift cleanly off their foundations like that, and he did something weird with his shower anyways.
You know what would be cool,if you took away 100 balloons from what you needed to lift it you could probably pick up the house yourself 😐
Hay can you give us more information about gravity falls bill cipher
I've been wanting this one for years
David Blane: floats using balloons  Mr beast: *sad noises*
mrbeast might do this
3:37 Math teachers be like:
What if Carl's earth has less dense air and slightly lower gravity meaning it won't need as many balloons to life the house  I wonder what the math would be to figure out how to make that work like in the movie
What you’re saying is the richest people in the world could ,theoretically, complete this in under a week, only by hiring others or creating machines to do it for them.
what if you used hydrogen instead you wont need as many ballons
Yo mr.beast, you know what to do
Was really hoping Austin would be in this video
U finally did it
It's not child abuse if you create it out of thin air. Wait a minute.
I have been WAITING for this episode for YEARS. Whenever I commented tho it always got drowned out
Well, mat pat. A house was actually lifted over Las Vegas. Not that long ago. So yes it is true and very possible
Like si eres de Venezuela
Hey MatPat any chance you could do film theories on the Cloverfield universe? I know it's old but I'd watch it
Did you just didn't said aaaaaaand cut how dare you
10:47 Me: Welp, time to call Mr. Beast
2020 is the tactical nuke of sadness.
Wait a sec, doesnt Carl work as a balloon seller at the zoo or something? That final determination could not matter if he just like... stole a bunch of balloons and helium from his job. Fishing wire might still be an issue, but that could be why they had to bust the coin jar so many times. Carl kept buying fishing wire, driving them into poverty.
Weird I was wondering if you did a up video last week and now you have one
Yes finally
I didn't like up
Matpat, I literally JUST finished a script for a video on this that I was gonna do. Well done for getting in before me 😞
pixar: (Makes innocent childrens movie)  cinemasins: Erm actually.  Matpat: *THATS ILLEGAL*
The economics answer is easy... He created a GoFundMe campaign with that opening montage of his life with his wife and he was funded within a week.
Game borad THEROY
I always thought the movie up was a dream that the old man had in a coma
I wanted to see how meteorlogical balloons would have affect the result. Ah well, win some and lose some.
The answer is no mythbusters already tried this
So, you're assuming he gathered it all ethically... ? And it would take 10 years for ONE person to attach that many. It would take a MILLION people an hour.
What if they never had money because carl had a ridiculous life insurance policy on his wife
This is the first time I heard matpat menchen austin
SORRY FOR THE UBRUPT PROBLEM IS THAT CARL PASSED AWAY AND FLOATED OFF TO PARADISE FALLS AND HE WAS NOT GOING TO HEAVENS PARADISE FALLS BUT DANTE' INFERNO'S PARADISE FALL????
I'm early poggers momen't
Sure wish you had at least touched on the Mythbusters' episode where they test to see if balloons could lift a child; there was a massive amount of balloons used in that one, all of which were used to lift up a 6-year-old girl!
You're bringing up some bad Cleveland stories and I'm over here thinking about The Cleveland Butcher
on one of his episodes he said  " I wonder what we can do with up"  ITS HAPPENINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
It's pretty convenient on one of the other Pixar videos I commented this question. Thanks theorist team. :D
Why Helium and not Hydrogen? and do it make a difference?
Fun fact: the French actually put the statue of liberty near New York using balloons
The other problem I've never seen anyone address is the amount of force you'd need to rip the house FROM ITS FOUNDATION. I just don't see that being possible, I don't care how many balloons you have.
Who else tried to guess his age when he said when he was born
I just watched this movie and finished it and Matpat uploaded a video of it
I'd think a bigger issue is altitude. I highly doubt that carl sealed and insulated his house. At that altitude, especially for an older gentleman, you're likely to start getting oxygen deprivation, and it's gonna get pretty cold.
PLEASE do a Film Theory on one of the Back to the Future movies. There’s ALOT of things that don’t make sense in those.
The theory I've been waiting for for a lifetime
Paridise falls=gravity falls Carl fredrickson=carl wheezer Thanks me later 😂😎
Ha I saw that ten hours of sherksephone and all I can say is same
Eat your cereal
No one notice the double balltic?
So only a few questions I think was missed.  1. Was breaking the foundation put into the math.  2. The price of the balloons string and helium might have been different in the time they lived so was it based on their time line?
Next game theory episode: can you really pull a balcony off with a pickup truck in gta v
I feel like I'm getting smarter just listening to your videos man
i am from venevuala
I'm surprised the structural stability of the house didn't come into question. If you pull a house up of the ground I doubt it would stay in one piece without a lot of reinforcement.
When you sing so loud to the intro
I just watch up last night in for ever.
GO UTAH!!
This has nothing to do with this episode,but new hiimmarymary episode out
Wouldn't the house just fall apart? It's designed for standing on the ground, not being pulled up by the roof and definitely not for being pushed around by a storm
Nothing compared to the guy that did it with weather balloons, a gun, and a lawn chair.
I live near the up house
Pixar: (Makes an innocent movie)  MatPat: *ERM ACTUALLY*
HYDROGEN! Twice the lifting power!
You left out that helium leaks from balloons like crazy and they'd only maintain their lift capacity for a few hours.
América is a whole continent not another one
He got the money from her life insurance policy
But if a bird pops the balloons they will fall
question       what does your science teachers think of u NOW
Person flies in the air with balloons Mr Beast: Dangit
hey i remember seeing someone’s comment requesting this theory! props to that guy haha
was this seriously released an hour ago? that is the earliest i have been to video
This episode has been coming for a long time…
What anime movie/show was that , i can't make out the name
Eh, you could technically just make a multi-valve extension for balloon blowing. Carl would be able to do this with some spot welding knowledge. If you could blow up 100 balloons at a time, that'd be 300,000min or 209 (208.33...) days, less than a year.  Additionally, you forgot that 1. Helium is a non-renewable resource and he'd likely not be allowed to buy that much. So he might have to substitute it. 2. If he did buy that much, most sellers would offer an incentive to ensure he does business with them. Theoretically, he could get a discount of some sort. 3. You did not count the sun's impact on the balloon itself as most balloons pop after being heated up by the sun.
Ok! Awesome video!!! But... can you please tell us how much $ it would cost to have the house moved there professionally and to buy that some land on angel falls (probably not for sale)? Basically, would it be more than the 5 million it would’ve cost to set it up the other way?
Wait, would the fishing string hold, would it??!!
I literally just watched this less than an hour ago
Okay but is gravity the same? We see at the start of the film that a single helium balloon is strong enough to hover when attached to a fair sized stick. So maybe in the UP universe helium can lift heavier objects with the same volume.
If you think about it,it could be possible he added the money from the jar and the money from her life insurance.Maybe check the life insurance of elderly women and see how much money he'd make off her.Who knows I'm drunk thanks.
Pixar knows their mathemathics. Considering their answer to how many balloons were needed, I'd guess the house is lighter than your estimation, and the balloons are bigger.
Why are so many people complaining about MatPat calling South America another continent? It is another continent...
Or is it just me?
Beyblade theory, the spirits of beyblade in the anime
The old intro?
Hey man your god at math so what is   27 x 22
I kinda knew already that the house could be lifted, because I like Guinness World Records, but this was cool anyway
Am also from around cleveland and i too agree
Well Carl died before his adventure Russell is his guardian angel
Why doesn't anyone try hot air balloons?
So... theoretically possible, but the odds of it working, the time it would take and the cost of it all make it beyond unlikely.
Mr beast next challenge
Imagine how much knowledge, not always useless, they have to acquire doing all those videos. The style and the time of the house being built? Check. How the air currents are going through the world? Check. How much helium is going to one balloon? Check. Just amazing and I adore how much work they all put in this! :D  Great video! Waiting for more!
You are finally asking the real questions!
How is fishing line gonna be strong enough to lift the house!?
Congrats matpat. You have managed to destroy my one and only favorite Pixar movie.
You said you did the math for 50 feet of fishing line but the video of Cleveland show that you would need to go with a much larger average length.  At about a cubic foot per balloon if you were able to somehow use that number as your average length you would only be at around 1 million balloons under perfect circumstance.  What do you figure would be the needed average length of the fishing string to use the balloons you calculated and how many more balloons would that add to your count?
11:30 totally thought he was going to say “and that’s a theory, a film theory. Air tight”
ive been waiting for this
Matpat was born in 86?!
Lol I live an hour and a half away from the Up house replica!  I had no idea
1:16 thanks... I hate it
They have a family
For A idea you could see what the formula was made out of to revive him
Can We get some splatoon 2 theory’s the octo expansion is a lot darker than you think 🐙💀
What makes you think Im not subscribed?
With that cost he should have just bought a plane ticket
never made it past? i got through it without remorse
I have to poop.
Didn't the Mythbusters do this? too
bonsoir you made two videos in 2 different channels
Hey mat pat make a theory on the new  fanaf trailer
This is how bill gates will go out
Also what about the weight of the furniture inside
I LIVE IN SALT LAKE CITY UTAH!!! I KNOW WHAT IM DOING TODAY
Reality: Breaking the purest of fantasies since always.
MatPat just casually says Double Baltic without talking about food theory.
You're a little late to the film but im glad you're doing a theory on it
I knew he was gunna say something about the ballon fest
Or better yet, a Boy Scout AND a dog
Id love to see matpat dissect something in New mutants. I just like the movie XD
I have wanted this for a while now and wow this better than I imagined it to be.
I like how film theory intro still didnt change, i love that intro
I watch this movie a lot of times and still my favorites.
Last time i was this early it was the day i was born
Y’ALL JUST MADE THIS VIDEO? I THOUGHT Y’ALL ALREADY DID THIS?
Wow, food theory and film theory uploads in a day ! Thanks MatPat !
But it can’t lift a Mr beast
9:11 it was ur script  anyway
Omg 10 years of not working and just blowing ballons costs like 3 million alone aswell
You forgot the cost it would be to just move the house to paradise falls. In curious on that number.
Just watch that video of those Tim tokers David Blaine.
3:05 Pretty sure you could summarize Air better using another atom...
Did matt forget that billionaires could just hire alot of people
I mean who ever said that Carl wasn’t using the gravity gun
Dont forget tax😂
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA is the noise I make when another fnaf theory comes out
Poor choice of words😂 "he had a boy scout with him the whole time"
He didn't cover all the details of this interesting topic, his videos have gone down in quality, it quite sad.
6:16  Employee: hi welcome to our party store how can I help you. Carl: I’m looking for balloons  Employee:ok how many would you like? Carl: about 3.2 million Employee:😐
Nugget likes the movie up Nugget likes this theory too.
Also it would take more balloons than that you would have to tear the house off the foundation... which is going to be quite difficult
Me : Is that the Duck Tales Vault..?
New brain working, is it takes about 10 years for 1 person to blow up the balloons, then it would take 10 people 1 year, so it would take 3650 people one day to blow up the balloons, considering Carl had 40 years to do this, it seems plausible.
One.... Just one... One reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAALLY big one.
Also...theres the question of if the house could support itself being carried like that or if it would fall apart
1:15 ah I see you're a man of culture as well
I have been waiting for you to do this for months thank you so much finally!
I've been here since your first Deadpool episode and ever since then I've been waiting for this video. Thank you for finally doing it
Hold up
The shortest theory video
But what about the weight of the people wouldn't that mean they need more balloons?
Well well well lower 48 huh, thats Alaska slang right there
Bruh, how did it take this many years for this episode to be made, this is like an idea in everyone's childhood watching this
He could've gotten them from work, he works at a balloon cart and his boss probably has a supply closet full of them. I know far fetched but so is flying a house to south America with latex balloons.
Hey Matt so I was just wondering what are the odds that cinderella was the only person in the village they could fit the glass slipper. Love your vids btw.
Come to Utah to visit the house, I didn't know it was here
Me: is that a solar eclipse? My friend: No, it's 30 million balloons.
Imagine the size of that jar. He might as well have just built the house there
Unpopular opinion: UP isn’t that great of a movie.   I think it just get caught up in the first 10 minutes and is called a masterpiece, but if you removed it, then it would be a mediocre.
“Spoiler” whoever hasn’t seen this movie then missed out their whole life
Epic
I once found a balloon with words that I didn't recognize, it looked french but I couldn't say for sure
Great vid Matpat but you forgot one plausible way that it might work. Granted it not with party ballons, but with a blimp. Given that the blimps are bigger than party balloons, holds more air than part balloons. Not only that you can actually steer blimps in the directions that you want them to go in. It cut cost in haft or raise them up, but the only thing is that is a downside to, it will be incredibly slow, about time the house get the old guy would've joined his wife.
The beginning of up always sends chills down my back. I am fully aware of the events after watching it many times, yet I still feel that
Dude I love Up so much....... Its my favorite pixar movie...... Also I personally love Russell and don't find him annoyingly but I'm also biased cause I looked like Russell and I had a very similer personality to him when I was a kid........
*_FINALLY THIS QUESTION IS ANSWERED_*
What we learned from this video: Cleveland will ALWAYS Cleveland. Always.
when a nerd on youtube does more conducive research than a billion-dollar company
I wonder what's your guess ( YOU the one reading the comment ) for what the 4th Theory channel will be
I'm kinda surprised you didn't do this already.
Well if you live in a shed like the average introverted nerd who left school a few years ago with wifi, I mean, you could. But without the big house with memories of your departed wife
Ok matpat we already know it’s far fetched you don’t have to go rub it in
ive been recommended 3 videos about balloon fest in the last 48 hours. now a film theory about balloons, and a part on balloon fest. i probably know more about balloon fest now than any reasonable person should.   thanks youtube
mmmm.intro  nostalgia 10,000
Matt Pat I am disappointed in you! You've been teasing me with a childhood ruining up theory for ages now! And when you finally make an up theory it's just to tell us that Carl's house flying plan is impossible which is something we already knew
The location where carl’s house could easily be guessed, as the house was going to be demolished to make place for skyscrapers... not many cities with constant construction have alot of skyscrapers build between 1999-2009.   Russel’s outfit suggests somewhere in Florida.
I kinda been waiting for this video for the longest. I knew it was coming
alright theorist time to build a floating house city let's go
Cleveland? Heck, all of Ohio is a hellscape :)
I have been waiting so long for this video!
Do a theory of snoopy why can he unhinge his jaw and walk on two legs use his arms like a human and how does he have human intelligence
Dear Matpat I have a film theory that I think you would be interested in. It's about My Hero Academia. You know how you like to make theories on bad people actually being good and the bad people being right, well here's the theory: The heros are wrong and the villains are right. The hero society brain washed children at a young age into loving heros and later militarizes the ones with strong quirks. The hero society also makes bank and on the money they make and also waste that money on dumb stuff.  Please make this into a video, I know you can. And please mention my name if you do do it.
Assuming that the house could be lifted by the balloons, would the house actually stay in one piece or would it collaspe under its own weight due to a lack of supports?
Balloons blot our the sun  Mr burns”excellent”
Everyone talks about how the balloons x or the house y The real question I got from the video is, South America a *different* continent?
Plotwist: the balloons never really lifted the house and Carl went insane from depression and dementia so he locked  himself and the boy away from the social workers who had came for him and he had just imagined it all
Nota bot
That balloon fest event is a deplorable idea
Matpat....... South America and North America are part of the same continent my dude........ as indicated by the "south" and "north" part....
I work at a party store and id like to add that latex balloons only stay up about 8-12 hrs they last longer in cold weather but not much. Theres a chemical you can add that keeps them up for a few days-a few weeks depending on temperature but i dont think the balloons would float long enough for him to make it especially if it takes 10 years to blow them up
I literally questioned why this theory wasn't made yet on Sunday 😭
Me to
Doesn't the earth rotate from west to east? So the subtropical jet stream blows the same way as the earth rotate
11:20 I mean his not wrong
Look at the strap holding the dollar tag to the helium bottle at 10:29 I don't know why it triggers me... But it does.
Mrbeast: *Hold my 31 million balloons*
Sue
Mat pat out here spoiler alerting an 11 year old movie
Um, Mat, I know you and your buddies at the  theory groups are busy but you spelt litres wrong when talking about helium. You spelt it liters...
I SUGGESTED THIS THEORY
Me who didn't cry once when watching Up: (   ""._.)
Elon Musk is busy creating Sword Art Online in real life he doesn’t have one for flying houses 😂
And remember folks...Life is like a balloon...one little prick, and it's gone.
Ok Now tell me  Would that much fishing line be able to hold the weight of a house Or Would it snap
Mr.beast watching this:get the cameras
how da f that house weight 260 tons? its made out of wood or is it made out of solid concrete? or led?
Why not calculate the volume of balloons then the weight of the house and see if its possible
Would the strings able to lift the house?
double baltic fasist much?
Why is this only being made now? This seems like a no brainer film theory.
You hear that mark rober?
so what you're saying is mr beast needs to spend over $5mil and employ 3000 people to re-enact up
...not to mention that after 10 years of filling balloons, the first ballon would have deflated 9 years ago.
*inhail* DO ONE ON THE DOOM PATROL
I finally understood the double Baltic joke from food theory
"Double Baltic"   I watched that mcdonalds episode Cx
Thanks for ruining the movie 😭
Just curious, seeing as you did not include the foundation in your calculations, did you include the force it would take to lift the house from the foundation? I'm guessing that your calculations are based on sheer weight not the force of ripping a house secured to it's foundation. I'd be very interested in seeing how to calculate the force needed to perfectly separate a house from it's foundation without destroying it. And I'm also curious if any one thought of how he secured the balloons while filling them up, how long they hold helium, how much it would cost, what happens if you loose some, how many it takes to get as high as he did?
To think I was gonna as mat pat about this he made it without me asking
"In salt lake city" Me: hey I live there
But what its the theoretical limit of pulling force of latex balloons  on the scale you are talking about is highly plausible that you might need more than 5ft of fishing line on that case when the weight of the line becomes equal to the force available for the balloon it should be the approximate diameter of the total balloon mass (assuming its hooked on a single point) therefore a limit on the amount of how many balloons can lift a single point limiting the force available and to calculate the force of the total blob on this case it can be a mater of the sum of the distances of every center of every balloon relative to a point on the surface of  the sphere that encases all the balloons take the distance and that is the real amount of total string plus whatever is needed to place enough balloon masses to lift a house applying the same concept to the mass of balloons, and if that isn't enough for ease of calculation add an amount of balloons every point on the roof  that is a radius (of the bigger sphere, the one that encases all the masses of balloons) away, and then that should be the amount of balloons available to pull the house. This should describe the way we see it on the movie.  But all of what i just said gets invalidated if you consider towering the balloons because now its not every point to the surface of a sphere rather just the maximum length available of string of a single balloon and how many balloons you can pack on that single string, and from there you can iterate (now you do it with towers then with towers of towers and so on) till you get a radius that evenly lifts the house unless the height reaches high enough to get into low pressure that blows up the balloon (also have to consider how much can you lift before your balloons blow up)  I'm sure the math isn't as complicated as it seems but i'm sure someone can run the numbers, thank you for coming to my ted talk
But what if he stole all of those already inflated balunes
Hey Matt, when are we getting the other 3 parts of you explaining bending in Avatar. It’s been almost a year
MatPat says: show your work to get full credit Me: are you my 7th grade teacher
Is no one going to mention how he would go up and up until he died from a lack of air
Hey mat pat can you do film theory about   crco I omost give me nightmare from I seen but din t happin so pls do a vedio about carco pls
Double Baltic!
wow just in time for that "up" trend amirite?
Wouldn't the building of the house fall apart from enough balloons?  In other words, a self-made house of cards.
Aight who’s gonna ask Elon Musk
The other major issue?  Time.  With that many balloons needed, if Carl could fill 1 balloon per second without EVER taking breaks (like sleep.  Or food.  Or bathroom breaks.), it would take 360.54 days - or basically a straight year with no breaks - to fill all those balloons.  And latex balloons leak, so even with the best balloons possible, even if he could fill them fast enough to do it in less than a year, he could never keep enough balloons full.  EDIT:  Ah, MatPat addressed the time issue at the very end.  Never mind then, move along! =)
Will film theory change the the logo when Fox rebrands
“Double Baltic” IYKYK
Well, let's say a billionaire DOES want to try this stunt out, they wouldnt fill up every helium balloon themselves one by one, they'd probably hire enough people for a dollar or so each to fill up all the balloons at the same time.
Fishing line? Use a gotdamn net.
I am know for being th Conspiracy theorist in my family 😳😳    Matt Patt I love you 🥰  Thank you for the knowledge knowing Pixar
Imagine mr beast making a video about this
I found out yesterday that watching Up at 11pm is not a good idea. The tears get all over your bed.
Why does this episode sound familiar
Dude why are you sometimes use 1 measurement system sometimes other sometimes both?
OMG! You were born on November 1986? Me too! I knew there had to be a reason why you're such a cool nerd... 😹
About time
I hit the subscribe button    I’m now unsubscribed🤔
now with this video I want a video of how many seagulls would it take to lift the GIANT PEACH in James and the Giant Peach
I once bought like 100 to lift a freaking Appa plush for my brother and it couldn't do the trick. So I dont have any hopes for a house
Sure, it is going to be a lot of money to buy the balloons, but Carl was selling balloons for most of his adult life. He would have balloons laying around his house somewhere. I I guess the question is, how many balloons would he have before he would have to start spending his life savings?
Btd players: "sweats nervously"
I use to live right next to that up house and it had a huge blue house next to it but I moved away
The real problem is how they're attached. They're all- *_ALL_* tied to the iron thingy in the chimney. Let's just say it would get ripped off way before the rest of the house.
I have been waiting for this one for a LONG time
I can’t wait for you to pass Ksi in subs
I got to admit, thats a good question.
Sound like mr beast challenge
PLEASE MATPAT PLEASE MAKE A PIXAR THEORY!! How all the movies are  connected
"1 hour ago" I am literally crying of happiness
Helium 2 Elon invents new compound lighter then light  Elon: we ain’t going home
Okay so, you never could lift a European house, because we build houses with foundation in earth and out of fricking stone
You should make a life theory  where you theorize about things that happened on like the news or something like that you don’t have to just a suggestion
YES! I waited so many years for this theory! I knew this channel wouldn't let me down
Matpat: *makes a double baltic reference* People who watch food theory: impossible
The price is totally managable. Grabbing a few loans, lie about where the money is going, and do it
Well then again matpat, he used to work giving balloons, so he could  You know, took some without payment, or, you know, steal?
DUDE I REMEMBER WHEN I WAS LIKE 12 A BALLOON FLEW INTO OUR YARD WITH A LETTER ON IT It was from austria not britain but hearing that was amazing
That's the story, carl didn't actually travel at the end of the movie he ends up where he didn't want, the nursery home.
Representing Cleveland here. Yes its as depressing as you can imagine... Go Browns🙌🏻
Wouldn't billionaires s have a staff tying up the balloons
I have a thery for a thery how about what cemicals honey lemon used too make her coler fyll slime?
Dude I literally live in Ohio wow ☺️
Matpat- you only get partial credit if you do not show your work Me having flash backs of 7th grade math-ahhhhh
136k views in only an hour, huh
Carl should've just used that stupid boy scout as artillery cannon fodder.
Fun fact: the house it's based of is in Seattle, Washington
Wouldn’t attachment of the balloons affect flight? I certainly don’t think all the balloons tied to the same place would be the epicenter of mass. Like wouldn’t the house tilt?
You should’ve totally told us how much money It would take to have the house taken apart and rebuilt there and see which ones cheaper
I had waited 2 years for this when I recommended it to him
When will we see the Game Theory intro again on the Game Theory channel
Also I’m not sure if the roof would stay on. I reckon the balloons would just rip it off
Only real theorists understand his double Baltic references
Your forgetting that the foundation has to be ripped from the house so you'd nerd more balloons
have you ever thought about the fact that in the movie TRON: Legacy they put an existing life form into a simulation, which kinda makes sense, where the real life Sam Flynn and all of his atoms dissapear and reappear in a nonexistent plane of existence, although it is impossible to create or destroy atoms?
Your cost analysis failed to add in the millions of tissues you have to buy when watching the opening to the movie.
Raising the minimum wage cost go up what's the point of making more money if everything cost more but people like Carl and Elly Who often live off savings. Would pushed deeper into property
I ve been waiting for this my entire life
I'm surprised MatPat didn't do this video earlier
This feels like a job for mrbeast am I right 😂😂
1:14 hey!.. I’m still waiting for more anime theories!
I swear he done this theory before
Finally, I have been waiting for this.
I'M EARLY!
finaly you covered it! been waiting forever!!!!
When is blumhouse coming? ;-;
That’s mat pat systematically destroying our hopes and dreams
This channel deserves 10 million subscribers
Yooo im the one who reccomendrd this
love the up movie
"Cleveland is like the double Baltic of cities" Me: (points to the screen) I remember that. That's that joke he said what 2 months ago in a Mc Donalds monopoly video.
Ever cry
I’m testing you Matt Pat
love cleveland antics...
I would like a monsters inc theory video
So maybe five years
I have been waiting for this for 10 years
Well that's one anime I did not expect mat actually watched horizon in the middle of nowhere, brings back memory🙂.
Pixar has already done this calculation......
There is a balloon thing where you could do like 10 at once
My grandfathers name is Carl and he’s Really grumpy and has a square head so every time I think of up I think of my grandfather.
Plot twist: Carl was flying Russell to Epstein Island
👍🏻
Someone will be needing this information
YES MATT NOW WE'RE ASKING THE *REAL* QUESTIONS
The only thing that annoyed me is that it's the same continent, and you said it was a different one
I subed
did you know including gt live film theorist game theorist  it adds up to around 4 BILLION views
What about the weight of all the things in the house. And if there's that many balloons then the average the string for each balloon is probably gonna be longer than 50ft.
The david blane stunt was really cool but Mat is really undermining it
Ah. Thanks, MatPat. I always thought of this ‘un.
I waited SO LONG for MythBusters to cover this theory. And then they got cancelled...  Thanks for doing this, MatPat!
So it would have been easier and less expensive to just rent a strong enough chopper (if there is one) to do the work. 🤔
I LOVE Thursday because UPLOAD DAY!!!
No you need 36million balloons
How about using hydrogen balloons
Wait. Lifting the House itself is one thing. Bit have you considered, that he also needs to break loose the pipes and what not from the house? That's gonna take some extra baloons. Or wich is more of a little oopsie by Pixar: If however Carl was able to fl up all these baloons quick enough, they would in theory lift up the house before he pops them out of his chimney. And where in the worlddid he get that enormous Sack from?!
Ya let see Carl get in the u.s broad his problem not going to survive
Here it is another question: How much ballons were in the Movie? And how he got the money to get them if in the Movie apparently after Ellie's death he left his zoo's job?
I work at party city and I can tell you the other problem is that latex balloons are only guaranteed to retain enough helium to float for 6-8 hours. Foil (or Mylar) balloons last up to a week tho.
Yes! I love that movie! :D
When Pete Docter said that you needed about 23.5 million balloons he A) said part balloons and B) Said that the house was 1800-SQUARE-FEET
Wait since all of the balloons came out of his chimney how are all the balloons bigger than his house?
Two things what about the limited air on the old man's heart or lungs  and how are the strings gonna hold up??????
We tried to watch Up with our then 2 year old son and we had to stop because he was crying too much. Not because Ellie died, that went over his head, but instead it was every time a balloon popped. So many balloons pop in that movie. He was practically traumatized.
Boy, "magicians" and "stunt artists" are really lacking imagination these days huh... lifting one self up with balloons.. with 1000 safety harnesses, and a parachute.. something billions of people have done.. uh huh....   how is like.. 30 balloons different than one giant balloon? You know... air balloons.. also been used for the last like 700 years....
You should make a video on the net worth of Gilgamesh from fate
I have a question Can the sacrifice in endgame be reversed?
So in the first ten minutes............Up makes you feel down?...
The real question is why they had to break the coin jar instead of just tipping it over. Or using a container you can open and close as needed. That's a lot of unnecessary broken glass to deal with. Plus they're wasting their coins having to buy a new jar
Matpat. I have something you can try to cover. It’s a true crime that hasn’t been able to be solved. You can message me on Discord, Instagram, etc   Discord: -Addison Hamasaki-#3050  Instagram: addison_hamasaki  Twitter: Addison57603649
We need a matpat and Aston cross over
Hahahahaha, buying.... "We're Pirates! We don't even know what that means!"
I Can recommend u New series like solar opposite and Umbrella academia
And you’re a fork
Correction, he sis have the Money to buy all of it. He was just retired payed, Throughout the years he probably would of save it up because eif his depression over Elly he wouldn't really spend it on anything other than Food and water.
How about a garage
I was thinking the other day while watching up, “there should be a film theory on this.
5 million dollars? That’s not too bad, I’ll get to Paradise Falls in about a week lmao
Oi
this needs a theory?
Matpat said that it would take 10 years to blow up those balloons. So if you're rich, then pay 20 people a bunch of money to blow up all those balloons so it would then only take 6 months.
Sadly I feel it is time for you to change the 20th century fox themed film theory thing at the end of your videos since 20th century fox is no more
Mat. Consider this: in the movie carl works wirh baloons. He might be saving baloons for quite some time and he might have eventually started inflating those balloons in the process. So discount atleast a few 100k bucks on balloons string and hellium.
but the balloons in up are clearly shown to be at least the size of the house's chimney
I live over in Utah about 10 minutes from the Up house. I’ve seen it a few times. It’s pretty cool!
Got "carried away". Nice.
I have been waiting for this for YEARS
I've been waiting for this episode for forever.
lol i literally have a test about the hadley cells and air currents tomorrow. I should probably be studing
MatPat, you forgot something, the chance of a ballon busting while blowing it up, so that must mean that it’s gonna take more time because you have a chance of it staying normal or busting
The curse of school has kept me from yet another theory premiere 😞
Calling Cleveland a double Baltic is the most ambitious crossover of all time
Hehe horizon
MatPat pls make a video on Bolin and have lavabending
Well there go's my dreams
Pennywise: “You’ll float too..”
Matpat: you only get partial credit if you don't show your work Me: OH NO! MY HIGHSCHOOL MATH TEACHER KIDNAPPED MATPAT
Elon musk is very interested.
4 days ago Big Boss did a video on the Cleveland event and now a video that mentions it. The world is strange.
You make the mistake of assuming the millionaires themselves would blow up the balloons. They have legions of trapped low paided labor to do it.
Another reason this wouldn't work is the fact where all the balloons are anchored to one spot in the fireplace? The structural integrity of this self made house just can't support 570k LBS on a single point. And if Carl at some point reinforced the house's structure, wouldn't it weigh a whole heck of a lot more?
Still hoping for that pixar death count.
Didn’t Austin already cover some of this in his animal crossing episode on floating present boxes?... 😏
Please do Coraline for Halloween!
You think Elon Musk won’t build a robot to tie balloons at the speed of light, he’ll be flying to Mars in his balloon house this time next year.
You could cut costs a bit by buying hydrogen instead of helium. But it is more dangerous.
now we are asking the good questions
How are we only now just getting this video? XD
💙
I think that billionaires have the money to hire 30mil men to each blow a balloon it's just not... profitable...
They shall use so many balloon they will block out the sun. Then we shall float in the shade :)
... what if you fill the balloons with Hydrogen?
wouldn't you also need to calculate how many ballons you need to rip the house out of the foundation? I could be wrong though.
It's seems like this should have been a theory way earlier
Here for the new Film Theory video! Atua and I enjoyed it!
My question is about how they got all the balloons there, they just pop out of the chimney, and inflate themselves, how would that work and how would the strings hold up.
Finally, I have been waiting for this one forever!
Today is my thirteenth birthday
Matpat:  he can fly to a diffrent continent  Me: he is just a drama kid. remember that he is just a drama kid who think he is smart
YAY I LOVE THE INTRO
Everyone gangsta till MatPat solved Pixars biggest mystery.
Fellow Clevelanders represent
I'm from November '86!!!
Can you do an episode on whether or not Miguel could have lived or died at the end of Cobra Kai season 2
You are the demon that live in my heart rent free
Nice video
Yay about 4-3 minutes before one hour
I would have been like Mat Pat of watching a bunch of PIXAR Movies on the Disney+ during Quarantine
Who else thought matt did this video already?
Can you just enjoy the movie bro
Mrbeast could do it!
It’s takes 10 years for you to blow all those balloons  Well honey I’m gonna get started now  Ok
Um, am I crazy or does he have earth's rotation backwards?
Essentially  turning your house into a hot hair balloon.  . the movie could have put rockets at bottom to get it up
Hey, what about all the furniture and appliances in his house. Pipe lines, electricity and water. I mean he does have to shower and wash clothes and laundry
You need to build the house from the start considering where it will be pulled from. Structural integrity would be a nightmare.
Hey Matpat, for next week you should do a theory for the Netflix show Camp Cretaceous, and how it fits in the in Jurassic world movies, and how is happening during Jurassic World and continues in Jurassic world fallen kingdom, I been trying to see if anyone made a theory about this and no one has yet
Dont let Elon Musk see this
BOIS LES GO 4 10 MIL
thank you mat for making these videos i’m going through a hard time right now and these are what keep me going
Elon Musk is gonna use balloons to make flying cars now
Game theory in 2040: How much does it take to lift a city with balloons
WAIT!!!! HE HASN'T WATCHED TEN HOURS OF SHREKSOPHONE?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Hey matpat thanks for uploading a movie I really wanted you to cover   enjoy
When your iPhone is installing the new update but it's slow as heck so you take your android instead be like:🤡  Edit: I know that this has nothing to do with this video. But I was salty about the new update taking too long to actually update
Ok
What a bugs life.  Like Grasshopper's. Migrating locust and how they move  from food source to food source
But matpat, in the movie Carl has all his furniture too.
Me: *sees thumbnail* He’s about to prove it’s possible isn’t he?
He did run a balloon stand, I think that maybe he was able to afford this because the place where he worked supplied him with the necessary helium and latex, although he would probably bankrupt them with the cost...
I love that matpat is from Cleveland, I live close to it in Brunswick Ohio
Sometimes when I think to myself what a future film theory episode could be, this is one I’ve always thought of. How many balloons does it take to lift a house?
Plz plz PLZ make another ghostbuster one! 😁👍🏻
Carl: On second thought, I think I'll just take a plane!
I laughed when she died
there's also probably a lot of air travel laws that need to be figured out to even think about doing that, you think drone laws are strict, try a FREAKING HOUSE!!
Mat: science and physics and theories        Mythbusters: HOUSE FLY          They didn't do that but if they could they would.
Me who didn't cry during up: maybe I am a monster
I feel that Cleveland talk HARD, like only Ohioans can truly make fun of Ohio 😂
All my homies love matpat
Matt Pat that you so much for making these videos! They help me escape when times get hard
You should've done this earlier
I’ve been WAITING for this theory
Mr beast next week: “I PAID 100000 PEOPLE TO BLOW UP 40 MILLION BALLOONS IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS (pt 1/3 UP HOUSE)”
6:38  that's beautiful they should do that again
The next Mr. Beast video
And while you inflate more balloons, along the days, the first ones deflate also.  So another thing to consider. Their rate of deflation.
Bro I'm from Cleveland
These intros are the best
I actually tweeted this to him about a couple months ago https://twitter.com/kushmachine20/status/1291076804955037701?s=21 🤣
MrBeast 2030: *Last one to leave the floating house wins 69k dollars!*
Wonder if end to ratatouille  created beautiful ones
If we help my pet to get 10 million subscribers who will be the second person to get to diamond please play buttons
Didn't blaine secretly carry a frog in his stomach on his way up?
MatPat: "You know what's _really_ gonna stand in Carl's way?. . ." Me: "That the tensile strength of the fishing line he's using won't be strong enough to support the weight of his house for multiple days?" MatPat: "It's the cost." Me: "Or that."
hi
Cleveland like Cleveland County in North Carolina or a different Cleveland I don’t know of?
Matpat, crushing the life long dreams of old people 1 step at a time!
Ironic I had  this question on my school assignment
Watch elon musk do exactly this just to spite him
I asked for this like a year ago
6:23 WAS THAT THE BALLON FEST OF 86?!
I've been waiting 3 years for this!
Without watching, I'm guessing there's also a problem with how the balloons are coming from the same place, and would just take the fireplace and leave the house.
Suprisingly, yes. The people making the movie actually researched and drew THE EXACT AMOUNT of ballons to lift a typical suburban house with the same weight and dimentions.
7:15 I see that call back with “double Baltic” hahahahah loved it
dang just the right time matpat, i just watch it like an hour ago
People who came in below 1 second: I t s  f r e e  r e a l s t a t e
I want mr beast to do this
What if you wanted to go to Heaven  But God said:         Here's a boy Scout, a Dog and an animal that survived me throwing a Rock at your rock
How come game theory's intro changed 3 times but not film theory's
This video taught me more about physics then my school teacher -
Mat pat: Cleveland is like the double Baltic of city’s  Me: I understood the reference
Use me as a here before one million views
Film Theory: Here on film theory you only get partial credit if you don’t show your work. Like. Every. Math. Teacher. EVER.
matpat at the end: *MAMA, JUST KILLED A MAN*
Matpat: "How many balloons does it take to lift a house."  Me: "How many balloons does it take to lift my depression."
Balloons and this question  Me: I thought Mr.Beast already try this experiment 😂😅
add all that to the fact that the latex balloons don't actually last very long while inflated . . . they leak like crazy so he'd need to keep adding balloons to the mix, they burst when they harden so he'd need to keep adding balloons to the mix . . .
not a site btw
"South" America isn't in a different continent, tho.
Matpat pin this so I can tell my grandchildren
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW                                                     I.AM.CAT
2,567?
We need Elon Musk to do this
How did he rip the houst off it's foundation, and did he just have an apocalypse bunker worth of food and water in his kitchen?
How can time be actually be controlled like in Ninjago the episodes with Crux and Acronix ?
sub to matpat you now he shed hafe 10mil today
Made me think about UP in the middle of a work day. Cryz.
My mom was born in Greenland Ohio.
Ruining my childhood again Thank you.
Billionaires can still do it by paying a couple thousand people to blow up the balloons for them
This is why we are running out of helium.
turns out what beat carl in the end wasn't science it was math
Wait, do fishing line simply tied to a balloon knot has the tensile strength to hold up the house? And where are they tied to the house? Tie it to the roof and that roof is getting ripped right off. There's no foundation anymore, so I'm not sure what any of it is tied to exactly with fishing line.
I love this YouTube channel
Matpat: says double baltic Us food theory veiwers: he said it he said the thing!
Not accounting for the half life of helium? Come on MatPat, you're better than this.
My own personal Film Theory is that Carl is actually Carl Wheezer from another universe and inherited Jimmy’s balloon based intellect.
"Had a boy scout with him the whole time"???? His name is Blaine not Biden...
I live around Cleveland 😱😃😄😁
What about life insurance for the cost?
Hmmm I thought he was dead and was just going to heaven
this channel is awesome hope you get the diamond play button soon... but for everyone whos not subsrcibed to the food theory i was sceptical at first too and didnt really think it would fit my taste but seriously check it out  its easily become one of my top 5 channels on yt and worth every second of my time. cheers to the theory team i lovbe you all <3 your uploads always brighten my days
Who asked for this
If he removes pipes and other none necessary things from his house and does everything he can to decrease the weight he could cut off a few thousand pounds
you're about 11 years late
But he didn’t goes to another continent, he goes to South America, that has Brazil, Argentina, Peru and Venezuela. There is North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Central America (Guatemala, Belize, Honduras, El Salvador and others) and South America.
I’m vegan                                                                                                                                  Mmm                                                 Mmmmmmmmmmmm                                                 Mmmmmmmmmmmmm                                                                                                                       Goood sweat bacon
While this theory comes to the conclusion "no this isn't possible" either way, I feel like one critical aspect was overlooked. The house isn't just *lifted* from the ground, it's *torn* from it. Wood is splitting, metal pipes are breaking. We see it, you can't just assume "oh well maybe he disconnected everything before lifting the balloons" (assuming it's even possible to seperate the underground electrical/water/etc lines from your house). Even if you added in all the extra strength it would take to tear everything apart, you have to consider that all the balloons are tied to the chimney. If Carl was smart, he would have strategically placed the balloons in all sorts of parts in and out of the house so that it only tears of parts it's supposed to. We're trying to rip out the house, not the bottom of the chimney. Again, not a big deal, because the conclusion remains "no this isn't possible"
I like how he debunks the whole up movie with facts but at the end says "but hey, thats just a theory"
K
He should gave revealed he had a BOY scout with him the entire time. If he did, there's be a a magic trick where a table with an innocent ate of cookies would appear in front of him
Here's a funny story do my dad had a a gas can in his car idk why but he had to through it out the car when he through it out it landed in the lake and lit on fire
Wonder what friction would do to that project. The sun wouldn’t be good either. But that’s only my Gilm theory.
Pixar and MatPat were pretty close together with their calculations.
Who thinks he should do a video on a series of very unfortunate events
"under-appreciated sci-fi anime..." **Shows horizon in the middle of nowhere**  Mat, are you the guy who made that one atrocious review on mal that tried to defend that anime so hard it actually made it look even worse?
Me trying to lift a yatch with helium ballooons
wrong only 6693803 balloons we need
Just an idea. Life insurance? When Ellie passes away, is it possible that Carl obtains some chunk of life insurance? Now, I know it can't be much, probably around 100k, but I think that that is only a cushion ti how Carl might REALLY pay those balloons off. At the beginning of the movie, its obvious that Carl's backyard isn't much of what it used to be. He's now surrounded by miles of city. Its also made evident that they contracting company surrounding him, wants his land. I mean REALLY wants his land. To the point that a lowly construction worker who is only there is clear unleveled land know that the company wants his property. Idk about you guys. But if a company or the state itself wants the land someone lives in in my state,, there is some hefty compensation. When Carl finally lifts his house, its only after he has apparently decided to give the land up. Assuming they gave him a 30 day closing settlement with no moving help, he, in my head cannon, could very easily have obtained upwards of 5 million from the company. Now I know the time thing is still an issue, but Carl was in the balloon business for years. He had to though if a few ways to get that many balloons filled and tied. Just a thought i out together that I think warrants being written.   This is my first time writing any response theories before so sorry if anything is off. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk
Yes finally
it obviously takes 2 balloons to lift a house
What if the balloons were filled with hydrogen? Disregarding the explosion hazard, it SHOULD cut down on the amount of balloons you would need...
TLDW: It's possible, but it would've cost less to actually build a house there.
Are they helium balloons
Asking the REAL questions
The real question  is how much would all those balloons.
We see in the movie that the balloons on his balloon cart are enough to lift it. That it is clearly unrealistic, but I would like to see the math redone to correct for the buoyancy of balloons in the UP universe either due to lower gravity or increased air density that is increasing each balloon's ability to lift. It's like the stuff you do in video games when you correct the physics for the video game's gravity, physics engine, etc.
matpat there's a reason that he did not reveal the boy scout
I love film theory, game theory and food theory they all give me flashbacks... I love matpat
The only time I’ve ever liked daybreak is when they built that house😂
Wow
I needed these today
I wanna know what's stopping the balloons from deflating.
I'm so glad someone else asked that question 14 yo me couldn't take the suspense back then
But Matt you forgot the fact that carl has worked with balloons his whole life selling them so he wouldn't need to spend all of that money buying the balloons instead he would already have a lot of them since he has sold balloons for atleast 40 years
The problem isn't how many balloons, but that you can't pick up a house by its fireplace.
I wonder if the crushing pressure at the center of the balloons could be strong enough to pop the balloons in the middle.
You
Is there anything in the house that adds weight?
Fun fact: you can buy around 5 mansions with $5000000
You're a November kid nice
I liked this video matpat. BUUUUT. What if the rich gang over there just idk,gets like 50000 people to fill all of those ballons?
Thank
How many balloons does it take to lift the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop
Not the theory we deserved, but the theory we needed.
I watched the food theories about burger king AS I WAS EATING BURGER KING and I looked at my burger wierd 👁️👄👁️
Oh no, not ballon fest
Thanks! Now I can finally get rid of my neighbor without leaving a trace!
I’ve been waiting for long for this video
Can you make another Avatar theory
Elon Musk: Challenge accepted.
You forgot to account that the stores probably don’t have more than 3 million balloons in stock.
You have NO IDEA HOW LONG I’VE WAITED FOR THIS!
David Blane: Magic  Pixar: Magic  Up: TRAGIC
Interesting
The real questions is how do they get back ? And where does he live at the end of the movie. Does he return to paradise fall ? How ? How does he survive when he’s there   So many questions
I always forget Matt's from the same place as me. You got out just in time, pal.
I thought matpat would atleast talk about what would have happened using the balloons the magician used
Pog champers
I’m shocked it’s taken this long to do an episode about this, I can’t wait!
Hi     Hope you have a great day :)
maybe because life insurance? maybe because he sold his house and then stole it? after Ellie dies he saves more money?
I have bot watched it but I say 3,000,000
For something that does not have 92000 views he got alot of my respect for doing this
actually been asking myself this question for a while
I mean yes but what about if you inflate a giant air balloon filled with helium kinds like the hot air balloons but no fire. Would that still be the same? How big can that giant balloon be? Wouldn't that cost less and not take too much time?
I'm early? POG!
Good job everyone who worked on this episode of the theorists you guys don’t get enough appreciation
The better question, how does an old man and a boy scout pull a house through the jungle? Even with the balloons lifting carls house into the air and up, would that still allow them to be able to pull it? If they stopped and the house was still in motion from being pulled a bit downwards would it not crush or almost crush them?
Now we know what caused the helium shortage
Double Baltic
To add insult to injury...             *Cleveland Browns*
I know that  latex balloons last for one day, foil on the other hand much longer, i dont think that he would be able to make it !!
I just have one thing to say.      It's like America but SOUTH
the best part of this video is the ten hours of shreksophone
People: *make a bunch of videos of how to use balloons to fly a house* MatPat: I will never be satisfied!
So I heard people get thousands of likes from saying random things so hear we go                                                                                                                    Are you going to finish that croissant
New theroy idea how can you make a dog collar that will let the dog talk?
Wait but what about the force to rip a house from its foundations?
Can you do another theory on Phineas and Ferb? About either who Phineas and Candace's reap father was, and Ferb's real mother was. Or, where Danville is. Maybe even how much their inventions would cost or if they would rven work
4:37 imagine who lives there
why do i need to go to school when i can learn physics right here
Is The fishing line going to be Able to support 210000 kg
The first ten minutes are funny
Are we just going to forget that the entire weight of the house whas being held up by that metal bar in the fireplace?
You: Yes I would like the smiley face balloon!  The person Next to you: How much would a private island size of balloons be?   Shop Owner: HA like 1,000,000 dollars LOL  The person next to you: I will take 300  You: *Hands them balloon and walks out*
ANNNNDDDD.... *waiting, doesn’t say cut* 😡
South America is not a different continent. The fact that you made so much research for the theory, but don’t know a basic geography fact makes me very uncomfortable
I wanna blow up something, not my house maybe your house
It may take that many balloons to lift a house, but you'll will need significantly more to lift my mood
I went through the whole movie without sheding a tear.
I'll wait for the infinity train theory as long as I waited for the binding of Isaac one XD (I was asking for it since day one when I saw GT on GameTrailers)
Back then I thought Airplanes were filled with helium and balloons in order to float easier.
It’s my birthday and you guys made a good vid I’ll like you vid
Perhaps we start a company that blows up and ties balloons for Elon musk so he can send a house to south America. According to mat 1 person will need to take 10 years to finish the balloons. So 10 people will take 1 year. But the helium will just go bad by then and not work. So then how about 100 people. 30 days isn't that much time but that's with no breaks. 200 people would get it done in around 30 days with 12 hour shifts. 400 will get it done in 15 days with 12 hour shifts. And 800 will get it done in about 7.5 days with 12 hour shifts. 1600 will get it done in 3.75 days with 12 hours shifts. And 3200 people will get it done in 1.875 days with 12 hour shifts. 6400 people will get it done in less than a day. .9375 of a day to be exact. With 12 hour shifts of course I mean who would want to tie balloons for 24 hours straight. Who would what to do that for 12 hours straight. How many people do we need for each of them to have 1 hour shifts and have it done in a day. We will need around 8640 different people to work 1 hour for it to get done in 24 hours. How about 1 hour. That comes to  2 HUNDRED thousand 7 thousand  3 hundred  60 people.  207360 PEOPLE to finish that in 1 hour. And that's just volunteering. They dont get paying for doing that. Imagine how much poor Elon will need to pay for 207360 people tying balloons to a house. Well. We either do it out of the kindness of our hearts. Or for the meme. But we need to do it. Perhaps next year because this year isn't that good. Edit: my math might be off my a little. Or maybe a lot. Idk. I might've calculated one small thing wrong and it goofed everything up. But it should be a rough estimate of how many people it will take to do that.
You are forgetting the fact that the balloons are all attached to the fireplace and would 1. Not all fit 2. The fireplace would be ripped out
New theory paradise falls is the past of gravity falls before the town was built.
claim your here before 1 million tikets here
could you do some theory about L‘ enfant sauvage from 1970 we watched that movie in school an i thougt it s pretty interesting
"Such a Cleveland move."  **sad cleveland brown noises**
Food theory then film theory to. YAY A DOUBLE
minutes after this film theory episode airs: someone has stolen the statue of liberty with balloons
I don't cry at the first 10 minute of UP. But everyone did,...Maybe I'm the monster
Carl: I’ll buy your entire stock
2:20 south america isn't another continent 😂
It only takes the magic of Pixar
You should try milo murphies law
Does it say that they use helium and not hydrogen
The real question is how do tanks of helium not just float away?
Wow 10 hours of shreksaphone nice
No one:  Matdaddy; "HOW MANY BALLONS DOES IT TAKES TO LIFT A HOUSE"
he couldve gotten that 5 mil in a secret deal with the corporate people that wanted his property
This.    This is the video I’ve been waiting for.
Double upload toady from film and food theory are we going to get a triple? I predict game theory new episode in one hour. But hey that's just a theory..... A theory you found in the comment's section.
Double Baltic         I understood that reference
Soooo what you're saying is that Carl should have just saved enough money to develop a luxe condo at Paradise falls.
Wow. It’s been so long since we actually saw the intro
I guess you could say that the feet of the waterfall were defeeted
Talks about the cost but doesn't mention that the house is ripped from the foundation when factoring things (which is the main reason I clicked).. Typical MatPat 😅
Counts the mass of the actual balloon and string, doesn't count all the furniture in the house
Real question is, could you even find enough space to attach all 31 milliom balloons to your house
Kinda surprising Mat didn't do this earlier
I mean technically you could get more people to blow the balloons which will take less then ten years. It’s not like there doing this alone?
Just ride on a private jet if you have that kind of money.
Some quick googling suggests to me that doing that would require a quarter of the world’s helium supply
don't lie, this is the question you thought was answered already on this channel but here we are
1.             1 balloon.
Thanks to MATPAT 🤴of theory I finally know if this is possible
Since we're in the topic of flying things....  Could the superplane from Madagascar 2 fly?
I just got back from watching 1917 and I need something to cheer me up.
Ballons be like: I lift every day bro
No cap I thought u already did this
Nobody is asking the BIG QUESTION is it possible for carl to get his house to paradise falls in ONE NIGHT cause he took the storm and it took one night which sounds unrealistic.
What about the structure of the house, wouldn’t break in half? Houses aren’t made to be support from one centralized point?
Carl is in jail now....     For lifting his house with balloons...      👁️👄👁️
At 8:12 I'm pretty sure the earth rotates eastward
Frst
😍I just love this movie, It doesn't matter how many balloons used
I have been contemplating this ridiculous concept and waiting for you to address it for YEARS
Elon Musk would simply design and test a lighter, more efficient version of both balloons and monofilament before the attempt.  Simultaneously develop sails that could be more accurately used to guide the house.  Then ultimately decide to simply use "Starship" to lift the house to the desired location, then land the rocket to be recovered and reused.
I love the movie up because I can brag to people that I didn't cry in the beginning
Idk why but I always thought that this video was already done by MatPat for some reason.
Well I've never cried in the first ten minutes I have checked up
guys, take note.. if u 🍃🍃 watch the theorists your mind will be *blown*
I knew he’d do it at some point
You should definitely do a theory on Alvin and the Chipmunks (live action/CGI films)
matpat I offer you a challenge check out the movie 100 years its a movie that has not came out yet it comes out in 2115  see if you can predict what its about.
0:17 “A little carried away” i see what you did there
Because of MatPat I have PTSD from people saying “Well....”
"Double Baltic" Love it!
You should do a theory of the show Rabbids
Poor David. He worked hard on that stunt, and no one really paid attention...
Am I the only one who feels like the balloons would pop during the travel
matpat:  mentions balloonfest  me:  *_ohgodohfucknotagain_*
you didn’t even talk about how many baloons you would need to break the supports that keep the house on the ground.  Edit:some of you say just break the supports but I am going by the movie and in the movie when the house get lifted off the ground you can see the supports where not broken before the house started to fly and the supports where in good condition when the house started to life in to the air.   I am editing this again because someone made the same comment as me but just so you know I my comment came first,
I just commented on his food theory video saying that I was surprised he didn't make a video about fnaf and I'm surprised again.
As an ex employee of Party City, if Carl came in the store and asked for a balloon order of 31 million balloons, I would've quit on the spot
The billionaires with just pay a giant team of ppl
But the ballons até really filled with hellium
I don't think Carl having the money for this is that far fetched. . .   Carl and Ellie are two working adults, who can't have children (Truly the saddest part of the beginning) that bought a cheap fixer upper, but yet they are constantly poor. Why is this, because Carl seeing Ellie as the only thing of value in his life got a REDICULOUS life insurance policy on her. So when she passed Carl had three things A house he owned, a gross amount of money, and a lot of time to fill balloons
The Film Theorists: "How much ballons does it take to lift a house?"  93k people: *Interesting*
I was waiting for this one
Disney Pixar's 'Up' is an animated children's film made in 1765 by the Sony company.
Matpat:forgets to watch up Also mat: the reason is that i get dihydrated Also mat: cha cha Real smooth
2 minutes in and he asks the questions and all i can think is "Yes, the japanese did it to send nukes to our country, and they succeeded"
Finally
I was just shocked he hadn't done this episode
What about now it bent the plumbing
I put millions on my house, but even then my wife still didn’t die
I've been asking this question my whole life
Can you please watch the owl house ?   andmakeatheoryoutofit
there are two more questions I always had: 1: this is the force needed to float the house, don't you need extra force for it to break from the ground. 2: Will the house stay together if its in the air. A house is made with the idea that parts at the bottem cannot falldown.
Theory On Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs Would the FLDSMDFR actually work in real life?
Ayyyy food theory reference, i boardwalk it😂
But if the company that wanted to get his land payed him that much the would have the right mat pat
You forgot to factor in Carl and Russell’s weight and the weight of the furniture in the house when calculating the amount of pounds the balloons would have to lift.
1:22 lol i just watched 10 hours of shreksophone
Doesnt he work as a balloon seller in the zoo ? If he does couldn't he just have taken those and used the helium
You don’t make me hate my childhood or any movies I watch, actually you make them better
cronge
If All Of The Theorists Subscribers Got Together And Got Balloons, Maybe We Could Fill Up That Many Balloons And I Just Don't Mean Film Theory, I Mean ALL The Theorist Channels.
It feels like forever... Too many new channel that I forget you have a film theory
Answer=lots
W-was I supposed to cry at the beginning of the movie?? Because I didn't I was 6
Me beast needs to do this and get a lot of people to fill balloons
One additional point: The enormous fource pulling the house up would probably just break whatever part of the roof the balloons are attached to. The house is not made of one solid material
That's not even including the power it would take to literally rip the house out of its foundation
There is a movie theater opening near me
I still remember watching the news a few years ago about a guy in Canada who got arrested for using a chair and a bunch of balloons to fly up in the air with the help of his friends. I'm pretty sure that he said in an interview that it was the most fun he had ever had.
Tbh I was actually wondering this...
I think the real question we should be asking is    *How many houses would it take to lift a balloon*
When you have unlimited data yet the video still loads every 2 SECONDS.
I just clicked on the vid then realized he said 2020 and then saw it was posted 34 mins ago
2:20 "Possibly make it to another continent", what are kids in the us being taught at school?
But what if you had 2 people blowing up balloons?
SQUIRREL
Horizon in the middle of Nowhere!?  Still sad they only adapted 2 seasons
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm interesting
2:21 another.....continent? matpat thats just another country travel was still inside America
For some reason I thought this theory already happened,,??
Are we not gonna talk about the fact that the house is probably too small to even try to fit 30 million balloons and also that the balloons would pop in mid air? Also there's no way for him to plausibly get down without popping balloons. How'd he do that idk, but more than likely he would die on impact of the house smashing into the ground. Thank you for coming to my ted talk
Me and my team are looking into a technologically realistic way of doing this for public use.
YAYYYYY 2 videos in 1 day
Then there's also the question of if the fishing line would break or not? 🤔
At least 2
Carl material comes from his work, he work in the zoo for like 20 years or so, making and giving balloons to kids. And those were pretty strong balloons, just like a dozen of them were enough to lift the thing where he transported them, and in the first try he even was fly too.    Maybe they let him take the helium and the balloons home so he could calculated how many balloons he could handle before it too much, and then over the years he keep collecting helium tanks until he had all that he needed.    In the begging you can even see all the tanks laying next to the garden so you can determine how much helium he actually use, and how much could does ballon could lift if just a handful were able to lift a whole person and a small wooden car thingy, which shouldn't had be an easy thing to achieved
2:22 ok I don't Wanna be that guy but....South América Is not another continent,North and South are just America.
looks  like we have to call Elon musk to do this theory yet again
waaaaaaait... matt is from Cleveland? That's hype
I'm sorry matpat but THESE are the five continents: -asia -africa -america -europe -oceania  I don't know what is it with Americans and their insistence on calling South America the 5th continent...🤷‍♀️
3:43 PM, Thursday September 24, 2020. 69K VIEWS AYYYY
Gut Mat sher gut
You forgot that carl worked as a balloon vendor at the zoo. So all the balloons and string was saved over time and assuming it was the extras, it was free
Do a film theory about tangled the series. You can do a math theory about how her hair can melt amber and cause an apocalypse.
My remaining question: You buy the balloons, blow them up, secure them somehow, get caught in the perfect weather clusters and find yourself in South America.  ...is the house (with no foundation as we've established) going to survive landing?
Not to mention the government stopping him from leaving the US.
This was the first movie I ever wanted to watch as a kid
Maybe Carl gets the Stonks due to the payout for the property going to the construction company?
I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS DAY ONE OF SUBSCRIBING IT TOOK YOU 4 YEARS!!!!! Jsjaka Edit I’m so happy qwq
nice
La maison peut elle supporter son propre poids une fois dans les airs ? Ca aussi ça peut être un frein.
For the people will wonder this was posted 12:06 Thursday September 24th 2020
52
6:22 It's beautiful, It's like magic, Fly my pretties, fly!
Actually now I'm curious about if this was recalculated with the weather balloons  How would that go
👌
commenting for the youtube algorithm
Its so convenient that I was thinking about the logistics of floating a house up into the sky this morning.
I’m 5 years early
I refuse to hit the subscribe button...      because that would unsubscribe me
The first film theory episode that isn't super sad or scary
So who else searched up the anime he just said
MrBeast: Putting Millions of helium balloons to fly a house.
We’re he even get the balloons 😂
69 dislikes right now, what a bunch of mad lads
magic
I wonder if this channel's ever gonna get a new intro
Im one of the firsf 100k who watched this :3
The problem isnt money *Its bird strikes.*
None of this even mentions if the balloons would be capable of ripping the house from it's foundation that it's attached to or if the house in question would be able to withstand the kind of forces that being lifted off the ground would entail without crumbling to begin with.
dear pixar, hi its me austin and today im writing to you about how up MAKES NO GODAMN SENSE
I agree with the intro.
Love that no one talks about Larry Walters.  It is all david blane he is so cool, try it with a lawn chair instead of a parachute.
hi can you do a tabs theary
So what you are saying is..... Mr. Beast can do it. If he gets a few Thousand people to help him.
didnt austing did a the science video about this?
could the fishing wire hold?
I was hoping matpat would cover the fact that the balloons are attached to one point. A WEAK point none the less. They're all attached to that little metal rod in the fireplace that's held down by like TWO NAILS.
I challenge matpat to figure out who Judge Doom really is from who framed roger rabbit!
MatPat,dont give Elon some new ideas. He might just invent a special machine thet does the tiring and inflating in 1 second or less. Who knows? Hes Elon.
All your points were spot on, though something went unaccounted for if there is a huge quantity of balloons and they are flying high in the sky wouldn't the heat pop them not to mention the difference in air pressure.If that's the case I'd be looking at an 18+ ending (kersplat)
At 11:00 I'm like: Husk activate Balance Unlimited (hope I'm not the only one to know Milionaire detective)
I wonder if we can get this to happen with a real house it would need to be small tho
Not even taking into account the military. You think they wouldn't notice and take down an unidentified aircraft flying dangerously close to the borders?
There is one other factor, you didn't include: Diffusion Even if we imagine all of the baloons being blown up at the same time, what is the time, the house would need, to fly to south america? Due to diffusion, even after a few hours, the house would start to sink Anyone with me on this one?
Film Theory :Who are the boy scouts' parents?
Hey MatPat I've got a little idea for game theory, Dream put out a video about the longest possible jump in Minecraft. It sounds stupid but when you block jump you're able to gradually increase your distance, so the question it, how far can you actually jump in Minecraft?
Will you guys do a theory in the office
I feel bad for mat pat. He must never be able to play video games, eat food, and watch movies normally
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
7:14 I love the call back to the McDonalds Monopoly Food Theory.
the question that everyone wondered but never asked
Mat forgot to see if the fishing lines could hold a HOUSE!!
10 years man lol Hay im also from Cleveland
CBT
HA THATS POCKET CHANGE   (Not actually)
DISNEY STEALS THE CARTOONS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn87r_PQo4A
only food theory people know "double baltic"
Matpat : Cleveland is double Baltic Also Mat: i love you Cleveland   what is this xD
Another question that no think about, would the house and chimney survive the journey?
Congrats on 9k
finally i found one of these videos before 100,000 views
I don't have time to watch this yet, but...I have to say this; I've *ACTUALLY* been waiting *YEARS* for a video on this. Dang man it's been so long. (I don't mean this to sound malicious to anyone who might think but that way.) I shall return to this later.
I don't think I matters that he wouldn't be able to lift his house or get him to his "Point b" because it is all fake and a cartoon.
2,103rd
FInnaly like I had this question  from the wall-E epesode
Being on the topic of lifting abodes, there should DEFINITELY be a Game Theory covering if it’s possible to lift Princess Peach’s castle into space like they do in Super Mario Galaxy in the future.
favorite part is when he doesnt ruin my child hood
Assuming you used one line per balloon if you laid it side by side it would be around 6,835 Yards thick, that's 68 football fields wide.
11:01 what if i hire 10 000 people to do it?
I hope your happy MatPat, I can no longer drown in my tears watching UP because YOU made it into an impossible mess  YOU ARE THE IMPOSTER
you should just put rubber in the ocean and helium in the atmosphere than blow balloons only for them to end there anyway.
Didn't Carl work at a Zoo park, balloons were shown with ropes and everything, I think he got the balloons from his job
you forgot about the oxygen problem
How aren't there memes about him?
OH also the fact that the structural integrity of the house would not hold up due to the balloons being attached to the roof, the bricks and flooring of the house would just fall with gravity, because they were not designed to not be lifted off the ground... BUT THATS JUST A THEORY!
Worst part is we are already in an extreme helium shortage so he wouldn't even finish filling balloons before the world was out of baloons.
I’ve always wondered this for 6 years
Bro its been less then 10 mins and already 2k comments lol
Hey wait... I suggested this a while back!
Would love to see how possible the Poler Express on the ice scene is
Yeah, get that diamond play button! And then melt it just because like TKOR....
Omg I've been waiting for this.
Somehow, MatPat being from Cleveland makes a lot of things make a ton more sense.
How long does it take to inflate all those balloons and how long would the helium stay inside them?
You know, ever time I watch Up, I think, just how many balloons would it actually take to lift a house and HURRAY Mat Pat to the rescue! I also have always wondered how many balloons it would take to lift up a person, but eh, that’s a theory for another day.
I remember myth busters answered this many years ago
havent you done this before?
I paused it at 0:01 to say that I already know that it's possible because I have a ripleys believe it or not book that shows a house being lifted by normal balloons like in the movie and I was amazed!
Jeff Bezos: (quitely laughing)
AUSTIN
As a billionaire you could Just hire a lot a people to simultaneously  blow up bloons instead of doing all of them by yourself but hey thats just a theory 😉
MatPat: Cleveland is like the Double-Baltic of cities. Me quoting Captain America in Avengers: “I understood that reference.”
a
Here I was thinking they already covered this one really long time ago
I must be heartless as I never cry in the first ten minutes.
@TheFilmTheorists they meet when they were kids which im guessing is the 20s.
Ay uh, wasnt carl a zoo ballon person? But nvm, that doesn't help exactly
How did it take them this long to think of something everyone wondered
as a fellow Clevelander… yes…it frickin sucks here gEt mE oUt pLeAsE
Ninjago
Just don’t light a match.
I have been waiting for this ever Send I found the Chanel
So what I got from this is Mr. Beast in a few years could do this
I love these physics based videos
i saw in a video once that would be need 26 000 baloons completly flood with helium
Yeah boiiiiiii, now I can flex how early I am!!!!
Wait where’s the beard it looked so nice
HE FINALLY DID IT!!!
Oh Cleveland such a Cleveland move I am from Cleveland so I can say that. But I am from Cleveland awesome
Please do a video based on the science of the titans in the Godzilla monsterverse
I live in venezuela and have seen angel falls.
its my birthday today
Tbh matpat should watch Re:zero
I love this channel
Welp time to get me self 5,108,302 dollars
I wonder if he can do a theory as to why there are so many 15 second unskippable ads in the US as opposed to other countries
10:47 Appreciate the use of the text font from Pokemon RGBY.
I guess 2,026 comments is early.
what about the house wont it tear the chimney off the house?
DO ANOTHER MHA THEORY ON DEKU’S PUNCHES AND THE AMOUNT OF FORCE THEY PRODUCE
This will be interesting!
Also, would the fishing line not just snap as soon as the house is off the ground? Because if even one of those lines breaks, it's gonna sink back down, and be too heavy for the other balloons to carry.
MatPat... He actually could have the $5M plus dollars to get all the material... Look at where he lived... 1:59 There's was nothing but buildings around his small house... Now I don't know what the real estate value is in that area but I'm pretty sure he noticed that more and more buildings are coming and he didn't want to move until he got a really good price and then when he hit the lucky number that he needed he took it got all the material and instead of having his lovely house demolished he went on the dream vacation trip and he left a lot empty for whoever the new building owner was going to be.
FIRST 80,000 VIEWER!!!
simple answer A LOT
FUCKING FINALLY!
You cry in the first 10 minutes of up I never cry and up
Or you know, all those ballons stacked on top of each other will reach an altitude too high for the balloons to sustain it's pressure.
A lot
Mr beast get to it
I thought he would mention mr. beast with that one video he did about balloons.
Matpat: Subscribing: ITS QUICK, ITS EASY, AND ITS FREE Everyone: why would i do that lol Matpat: ITS QUICK, ITS EASY, AND ITS FREE
ok so if it took Carl at least 10 years on his own to have to blow up any of the balloons, then is it reasonable to think that he's been buying balloons and hellium for more than 10 years? could inflation play into the cost?
am i the only person who hasn't cried in the first 10 minutes of up?
This episode just reminds me of some of the older film theory bids PS: love ya mat
What about the balloons deflating?
I’m kinda surprised he didn’t do this years ago
There’s some guy replying to all the comments with ads...
Ha double Baltic!
Thank you so much for all of the topics you cover in your videos. Due to my ADHD I have trouble with normal teaching methods, and so many of your theories have covered the things I learn at school. Your channels have helped me so much, and I am eternally grateful. You’re amazing. Thank you 😉.  (Help MatPat see this)
"Your balloons will blot out the sun!" "Then we will fly in the shade!"
This was a pretty depressing episode
Everyone:here goes matt ruining our childhood Me:DESTROY THEM all😈!
Matpat missed one HUGE detail.   The lines for those 31 million balloons are all going through his chimney and tying to the wood rack.   He would RIP that out long before getting the house airbourne.
6:58 When you realize the Cleveland Show accurately said "it would take over 30 Million Balloons to actually do [what Up did]."
33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333e333333eee333333333333333433333333333333333~333333 balloons
Other question: can fishing line hold a house up?
Right on my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But given the amount of space 30 million balloons take up, isn't the fishing lines too short? And won't their lifting power be greatly reduced when they're pulling at an angle?
Matpad doesnt consider something huge and important for the math.....   The power  of love and hope...!!!!!!! Carl has it!!! Every thing is posible with that!!!! Take that Matpad!
MatPat: States price Millionaires: *challenge accepted*
Cleveland be like: Lets release a billion ballons and Lebron James
I’m surprised that “How Hard Can It Be?” isn’t on Disney+ considering they already have other National Geographic content and that show has at least one episode based off of a Disney movie so…
No joke, was watching this movie last night and thought to myself “huh, I wonder if those balloons COULD lift a house” Next day, Matpat: “ *Your wish has been granted* “
he could of stolen the money from a bank who knows
"Cleveland is like the double baltic of cities" me, who watched food theory: *insert Leonardo Decaprio pointing meme*
Somebody paid attention and math class.
Matpat:says he's from Cleveland  Me:lives like two hours away from Cleveland "wut"＼（〇_ｏ）／
Them: What’s up? Me: Whats up dog Them: No I mean what’s up Me: what’s up with you? Them: no no I mean what is up the movie Me: oh what’s up.
Popping out videos left and right
The problem with this theory is that you assume they live in our world. That average height of a “human” in this world is 2 feet tall. Their houses are thus much smaller than have been calculated. Therefore!!!!!!!!  I got nothing. I cant do the math necessary to follow though on this correction.
So, wait... David Blaine used balloons to lift himself up in the air and then skydive back down?  What part of that is magic?  Oh, his ego...
My teacher: teaches me about Hadley cells Me: when will I ever need to remember what this means Matpat: 8:23
But what is Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere?
I don't want to be that youtube karen or anything, wouldn't there be an extra thousand pounds for the furniture that karl was bringing with him? So i think the total cost would be much more.
I think it's safe to assume Carl used the last of his retirement funds on this...
The string does get too heavy because how long they have to get. Each additional balloon becomes worth less than the last, and eventually the string gets long enough it outweighs the benefit. Bigger problem though. The downward pull of the house mash the balloons into each other and they just pop.
Here's an interesting topic for a video...    What would happen if all the fictional characters from movies,TV and video games came to life in our world?   What would we do?
I once made a pretesle lift up with bloons at a wedding there devorced now
I asked for this video on twitter!
Dkele
Nevermind the fact that they were balloons salespeople. That doesn't matter at all
HI MatPat I have been watching your videos since 2014!😀😀😀😀
You made 1 fatal error, Karl is a balloon salesman and gets everything by either stealing it from his employer over the basically 60 years working there OR he gets all materials at wholesale cost
Why didn’t you calculate using density? Helium is less dense than air, and the physics involved are not the balloons “lifting” the house as much as they’re reducing the density of the house to the point where the density of the house plus the density of the balloons is less than the air around it.
Hmm interesting
Coooooorallll corallllll
Everyone: up was so sad  Me: wait he's name is Carl?
Fun fact I learned on tiktok: Carl actually dies with his wife and his trip to pradise falls in actually his trip to after life...
Cleveland rocks
11:06 if they are rich, then they would just pay people to do it for them
One more thing: how does the house not fall apart when all the force is applied through a single point? Wouldn't the thing holding the balloons be torn out of through the chimney?
Remember that cutaway in family guy were the bottom of his house broke
Matpat: watched a Disney move.  Something unreal  Matpat:   pherb I know what we are going to do today
what kind of fishing line can hold house
Can you make a new film theory intro pls
please do a theory on infinity train I am begging you,the show may get canceled if it doesn't get enough views.
so no because the balloons would deflate has you tried so it wouldn't take 10 years it would take forever
Matpat I'm still waiting on the fnaf game theory!
Maybe you can do a theory on "The Boys", but I don't know if there are any underlying theories to be had, just thought it would be interesting
I'm waiting for the next episode of game theory, FNAF impreg springtrap
I swear I made a comment asking a question about this video's theory
Can we get the "Runeterra needs a Theory" train Up and off the ground?
Alternate title: Mat roasting Cleveland
Rich viewers don’t listen to him. MAKE IT HAPPEN
Waffles taste good.
Ive waited for this episode
The real question is: can a house lift a balloon?!?
Me who remembers the comment who brought this up in the pinocchio video: wAiT a MiNuTe
Wait now?
3:05, Air is most made of Nitrogen!!  Not Oxygen!!
me thinking thats matpats next plan
I was actually waiting for this
4 mins in and imma say you’ll need to use hydrogen
Could Carl have gotten the money by selling the plot of land the house was on?
Matpat here to ruin another movie? What's it gonna be the kid's gonna actually die of suffocation or something?
6:40 this is why pollution is a thing
I have been waiting so long for this
Finally I'm going to say it can't before watching it.
Pls dont ruin this movie its awesome  (Edit) you did😢
e
What about the time it will take
Could a hot air balloon be concealed within/behind the party balloons?
I think you would need more balloons than that because it also has to tear the house from its foundation which I doubt is an easy task.
I SUGGESTED THIS MONTHS AGO!! So glad it's an episode now
But what about the structural integrity of the house? Guessing they didn't build the house to be structurally sound by pulling it up from the chimney. Could you actually build a house that could be pulled and flown from the chimney?
Cool! I was wondering about this question for a couple of months. And I swear to God Ohio has to be one of the weirdest states. I can say that, I'm living in Ohio right now. Love the videos MatPat! 💖 Be safe y'all!
Here before 1 mil
I’ve been waiting for this one for a while
Finally, we getting to the big questions in life.
Congrats and i know by 2021 you will get that button
Man I’m earlier than usual
Have you ever been to martins ferry Ohio, it's were i live but I was born in canton which is close to massland, ohio babies need to stick together : )
The old man job is connected to selling balloons just saying
That balloon festival looks like the worst Shart ever
"sees the video in recommended" saves to playlist titled: "plans to escape society"
Mr beast should do it
:0 last time I was this early James Charles was straight
Why are you caring about the balloons? You should be caring about how the house works cuz isnt there pipes, caples and i dont know *A FLIPPING BASEMENT?*
C L E V E L A N D S O N G   C L E V E L A N D S O N G
Dude, I can beleive a well knowledge and  theorist like you said something like travel to another continent when in fact is the sale continent, América
I know the refrence doble baltick only because i watch food theory
Personne n'est moche , tous le monde est beau  et oui je suis Français
Well as far as the cost goes he could’ve gotten a loan cuz he knew that he wasn’t going to have to suffer the consequences of being bankrupt
Also, to make it even less likely (and a point Mat Pat missed) he would have to be able to rip the house out of the ground with the ballons.
How did MatPat never cover this until now?
LoL he brought back the Double Baltic!
You should  do one on how much power does Kory Sensai from Assassination classroom i would be amazing i hope you see this mat pat thanks
WAIT MATPATS FROM CLEVELAND                 I LIVE 10 MINUTES AWAY FROM THERE
Im learning more from this then school
You beat me to it! I paused the video as soon as you said the number of balloons, and calculated the same time to do it as you did. My question is: is the lifting force the same in Up as it is here? If you recall from the intro, Carl's cart was lifting off from only a few balloons. Is it possible that Helium has a different lift in this universe, and subsequently he could use a substantially smaller number of balloons?
Never been this early... Doesn't really feel any different huh...
I- Y-  You really amaze me by how much time and space you have in your brain to know and do all of this. Is there anything else you do besides math and science?? 😂😂😂
Can you please do a film theory about the 2006 movie barnyard please
Wooooooooo. You guys remember when Up came out. Ah soooooooooooooo good
So basically it's easier to rebuild the house
What must go up must go down. Or does it? *VSauce music starts playing*
I've only asked myself this question for the past 11 years now thanks for answering it matpat
This was only a few weeks after suggesting ups law
What about all the stuff I the house
I'm french, I know your try hard to tell but without being rude, it's funny how you say "le glaneur et la glaneuse"
Ok, to this point, my childhood stayed unharmed. But rhis, THIS broke me. Thank you Matthew for ruining my childhood. From Croatia with love
I swear that Matt Pat did this theory already. Listen to me i know it sounds crazy but I remember watching this way back when. The moment I realized this I was freaking out. It was when Mattpat says "when you squint at it". I was like wait i've seen this before. I'm might be crazy but it both blew my mind and just plain insane
I am still asking for u to do a descendants film theory please
you didn't destroy my childhood
I was talking to myself the other day about a theory about this so I’m extremely happy that this is a thing now. Thanks Matpat!
shouldn't we ask if its illegal to keep that a boyscout inside an extremely dangrous area for a long period of time
*crying* I finally solved it... I finally did...
I've always wanted him to cover the pixar theory, I'd love to hear his take on it.
The more important question: How do none of the strings snap?
Mat Pat is like that Math Teacher who says you only get Partial credit if you don't do your with the answer.
Matt: "hopefully these videos make you feel a little bit happier: not even a minute ago... "so yeah, Carl and his dead wife couldn't even have afforded their dream"...
I guess that's UP for debate
Honestly, that one person who wanted a video of Up on Food Theory got what they wanted on the same day.
Matpat doing everything that nobody would even bother to think about  but I'm amazed on the results every single time..
I always assumed Carl was stealing the balloons and helium from his job over the years, not buying all of it.
Yeet
Hey, it's Austin!
Reject modernity return to monkey.
Also, you couldn't place 32 Million ballons close enough to the house  to only need 50ft of string per average per ballon
Hmmm the math seems to be on the Up and Up.
10:44 maybe he stole it from a balloon factory.
Matpat you should do stargate
It is my birthday mad pat
I lowkey thought they already did this
Hey I got here ear- aaannnd there's almost 2,000 comments  also did the intro change?
This guy must be sooooo smart
@8:18 ...Wait, what way did you say the earth was spinning?
Sorry I haven't seen da movie :()
I love Up it is my favorite Pixar movie
cLiCk HeRe FoR yOuR hErE bEfoRe 1 MiLlIoN vIeWs ⬇️
10M subs soon! :D
00:23 No matpat if he revealed he had a boy with him the whole time that would be paedophilia. Edit:too far its okay if this gets removed I had to say it.
Man i just finish seing the food theory vidéo and this just pop up (perfection)
This video doesn't even have the scenes yet just remembering them made me tear up.
Film Theory: Carl robbed a bank, stole a million dollars, then escaped to a foreign country
Yesssss!!!! I've been wondering that for a llllllloooonnnggggg time! Thanks Film Theory!!!!!!!!!!
So if we get 1000 people to do it and we have 5 million dollars lying around, We can do it in less than a month
Up: the movie with the scene and song with no lyrics that will always make you cry
I could have sworn he's done this before. Am I tripping?
Nooo way Mat pat I said this on your last video but I thought it was dumb so I delete it
To be fair Mat of the Pat if someone was willing to spend 5.1Mil on fyling a house with balloons I'm sure they wouldn't mind paying enough people to get it done in a timely matter. Sorry to 'burst your balloon'.
Yea so how to make Mr. Beast watch this video.
Nice
Me = ok  Rich kids = dad watch this and get Balloons
Hi       I love this channel
61K views...877K likes... Youtube: Film theory needs MORE likes
17 seconds and 1.7k comments🤯
Sees film theory video posted 4 mins ago.. 14k views... the Video is 12 minutes long😳
I would like to see MrBeast Doing this
Im surprised you didn't cover this theory before
Do a theory about the new movie the Croods a new age
#bringbackthesuperamazingendcardtournament
OH GOSH HE SOUNDS LIKE MY MATH TEACHER o.O
Did those calculation  include the contents of the house?
He's old, so he probably used more dangerous hydrogen, and he might have lightened the house?
What’s with people spamming a link saying”DISNEY STEALS CARTOONS “
I realized no one mentioned it but who's gonna talk about that anime in the first half cause like I wanna watch it 😂
YES YES YES NEW VID YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Im surprised it took him this long to make a video about “How many balloons it take to lift a house” theory
Sees this: Looks innocent enough. After this: I think something's fishy here:
I was legit just thinking about this less than a week ago. Matt’s reading my mind lmao
hey mom can i borrow  $5,108,302 for a science project
Matpat:How many balloons does it take to lift a house. Me:Yes
MatPat Is MatFat
THIS IS A THEORY IVE BEEN WAITING MY ENTIRE LIFE FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!
Big mans asking the real questions
I actually commented for him to do this
I love how Mat just casually references the term double-baltic as a means of referring to a city. Also, can we just acknowledge that Cleveland figured out how to literally burn water?
One quick question: So in the movie We see that the balloons that Carl uses (assuming that the same balloons he sells are the ones he uses to fly his house) can lift his selling card slightly. Wouldn’t that mean that the balloons he uses are a bit stronger than the ones that are normally used. Also I know this wouldn’t make a huge difference I just wanted to bring it up.
Over 9000
Mr.Beast need to do this legit
Uhu
an UP theory in 2020, feels good.
Is 22 minutes early?
Hey MatPat! Tomorrow is my birthday but I really want to say I love your vids and keep going!
I thought at the end Matt was gonna mention the fact that the air up there will probably be so thin that an older gentleman couldn't breath without a pressurized oxygen tank.
So Mr. Beast.... dont get any ideas..
Jokes on you MatPat where I live it IS 30° latitude. Edit: Oh gosh I can't believe I said MatPat unironically
Please do one on tenet, new mutants, or maybe umbrella academy
The balloons not just pulling on a piece of the chimney and taking that specific piece up in the air instead of the entire house is a detail I’m surprised hasn’t been mentioned.
i bet 30 mil balloons could lift a house but i want to know if carl would need more  because the house if full of furnisher and kitchen appliances as well with are most likely made of a heavy metal while his bed 'chairs 'tables ect are made out of wood  meaning they weigh less than a steel fridge or stove  but close to the end of the movie  they empty the house so there no bed stove you get so how many extra balloons would carl have need when the house was fully furnished?
Good video but you forget couple of things that I thing are important, First off you forget to mention mythbusters who busted a myth like this... They busted the myth about balloons in caravel can lift a child... I know it a different thing but they tested the same kind of balloons as the movies and calculate the lift power already and they conclude that even if you can lift a child it will not last long... And in the case of a house it can break the house... Secondly if someone were to inflate that many of balloons they would already be starting lifting before he could release them and that will break the house... And most importantly if someone have 5.1 million dollar spare to buy all that ingredients he can hire a big craw that will inflate the balloons... Maybe do it in a factory even
1:21 Nice list Mat Pat
That last burst balloon about time.... Even *if* you spent the ten years straight inflating and tying off balloons - the average balloon only stays inflated for no more than 3 DAYS (a week if the balloon is foil).To get them all filled in time, you'd need 12167 people to get the job done.  Presuming the 10 years is 1 person,  then 100 people would do the job in 1 year, then we multiply that by (365/3) to account for how many sets of 3 days are in  a year. And because that's got a decimal, round up to the next whole number.
I’m from Amherst Ohio :)
thats what I was thinking when I watched it years ago
MatPat: It's not funny that people died, at all   Logan Paul:
Do a danganronpa or hazbin hotel theory they are both very relevant
I know it’s dangerous but what about hydrogen
Fantastic Planet deserves a theory.
Carl could have just went on a plane to get there the movie makes no sense.
*A Pixar Movie Theory, never gets old does it ?*
What if.you get 30 million people? To blow up the balloons
brooo.... i watched Up like a couple days ago and was wondering this...and thinking about tweeting at you or something if you could do a theory on it.... im weirded out.
Jesus christ... South America it's not another continent!! AMERICA is the continent
A food theory and a film theory in 1 day
Bois we need matpat to react to the new FNAF trailer
He Venezuela that's we're I live he
Ok but.. what about food? How much would a balloon powered house realistically take to make that travel?
Love your show! Ok, not to pop your balloon, bubble, whatever. The tension of the weight lifted on the skin of the balloon creates a tension that would feasibly tear the balloons. So there is obviously a maximum lift force by the helium, but without helium, could you EVEN lift that weight with the equivalent in Rubber rope? I would say no.
Remember back in the Cars theory when MatPat said the Pixar theory was going to be this channel’s Fnaf? Can we make good on that please?
Can you make a theory about the floating lanterns in tangled like how much money it would cost or if there would be any effects
video :"how many balloons would it take to lift a home?" casual mention: a river on fire me: wait ... WHAT
i want Austin to also be on film theory
I wish to comment but I don’t know what to comment
That’s a lot off dead turtles
None, because it aint happening :)
Upload 21 minutes ago
Great i was hoping matpat wouldnt touch up, one of the greatest movies pixar gas made. But no he will do anything to get ad revenue even the movie that had the greatest impact on my life. Thanks matthew, im unsubbing
Elon you need to watch this
you should make a video about how the cis was right in Star wars
THE THEORY WE’VE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR
Could that house even get up off the ground from the way it being held up? Because it's all coming from in stop and not around the house. Because I feel the thing that holding them all would break if the string didn't give first
Here’s my question,  Where did Carl even GET all of those balloons and is able to fit them ALL into his house?
do you know that " Paradise Falls " actually exsists , it's a city in Arizona
How can superman flay?
2:22 Wait wait WAIT a minute here... Matthew did you just said Venezuela is NOT in America?? Geography man, it gets us all
No one can tell me they weren't waiting for this
I wonder how long these vids take to edit?
i literally just watch this, and wanted you to do this
Ok so pretty much what you’re telling me is, spend 5.1 million dollars, get 40 million people to inflate and tie the balloons to the house, get and it’s possible?
Wow This came out like an hour after the food theory episide about Burger King good job Matpat
Mat probably already thought this out, but what if carl used hydrogen instead of helium? I know it's probably a stupid thought but that's the only reasonable way, even since i was a little kid, that i couldve seen this being possible
ive never been this early before I--
i all ways gest he stole them from work over the years
Why do all the balloons need strings?
I loved Ascension! It was quite the feat, defiantly something I would never do, because I hate heights. But, I got a secondhand thrill from it!
Heh, checkovs needle
Wouldn't the house collapse without the foundation?
FINALLY
"Another continent"  Geography: Am I a joke to you?
So your saying that the movie with a talking dog a new kind of bird is unrealistic
Your intro is my childhood mostly because I am still living it ALSO  IF YOU CAN DO THIS please         Can gru actually shrink the moon?
Am I the old one still amazed that up is ten years old?
Is it just me, or is the movie Up very similar to the movie Gran Torino?
Next Mr.beast video
the up house is in herriman not salt lake city, they are extremely different places and it affects the size of the gouse due to the herriman building laws
Hello film theory
but and if he used hydrogen?
I now know that I was born like ten minutes away from MatPat, possibly closer. I don’t know what to do with this information now
Around 27 probably
This is what film theory is supposed to be like
If you’re reading this...   I hope your day lightens UP :D
Another problem is where are all of these balloons connected, it can't be in one place because that will just take it away without the house, and it can't be all around the house because there will be no room to move around
I have been waiting so long for this theory. Thank you for bringing my dream to life.
horizon in the middle of nowhere episode, when?
IRL I used to live by the IRL UP house until I moved.
This is the second time matpat has had to do something with making something flow with baloons the first was in escape the night if any one remembered that show or series
We need a finale for the hi I’m Mary Mary ARG.
Holy crap, I gotta go find that Up house now
After food theory .burgers  Film theory. Balloons  Results balloon a burger from burgerking
Would the fishing line be able to hold the weight of the house? What’s stopping them from breaking?
"How many balloons does it take to lift a house?" *December 2020 Foreshadowing I n t e n s i f i e s*
Petition for a new Film Theory intro. Like to sign.
I thought you guys had covered this.
Monsters inc theory?
please do a theory on why team rocket hasn't died yet from Pikachu thunderbolt.
Also think about the environment pls don't attempt this😂
what if  hear me out  what if 32millon poeple  just said lets go it like what are you gonna do about that ya know?
I've been waiting for years and now I'm fufilled
Up! ... with those subscriptions peeps! If everyone creates an <insert own account name>1 account and subscribes there as well then the diamond plate is Matt's tomorrow :D
They said it was 1800 square feet not 2800
This is a beautiful movie
Mr beast next video like  I'm going to lift this house with balloons
finally, some good f-ing *content* 👌👨‍🍳
CAN YOU PLEASE DO A THEORY ON THE PIXAR THEORY THAT ALL PIXAR MOVIES HAVE THE SAME TIME LINE
I kidd you not I've actually been waiting for this video
i was excited to watch the best theory channel! you guys are the best!
Maybe 1 huge baloon
Finally, the questions that trully matter in life!
I cannot even say how happy I am to see the film theory intro again. I have missed it sooo much
Its a cartoon.
Do anybidy think The Force of gravity would rip of some part of this Home like ballons are attached in Center of house. You know old wodden house would not survive that much Force.
If u saw the mr beast video u already know the answer
What about the amount of balloons that pop on the way there. Wouldn’t a significant amount pop if you fly to another continent with that many balloons
Da
Hmmm..... Why didn't you use it for zero z man in escape the night season 2
There's a platypus controlling him.
I hope film theory gets the diamond play button, this channel really deserves it😊
idk
It’s not ruining my childhood it’s making it better I can make live action up but Live action and you know real yaaay
So you need a Balloon with the average capacity of the Hindenburg?
A big problem you didn't bring up is that even if you evenly distributed the balloons across the roof, the roof wold be lifted alone without the house
Carl is secretly one of the the smartest scientists and uses the wind stream to get to paradise falls
I was waiting for this video
You forgot the even more important fact that the balloons are all tied to his fire grate.  The question is whether that thing, and whatever it's bolted to, can hold everything else.
I can't hel get the next million to 10 million, but i did help at the tail end of 9 million.
Guys i think he's from Cleveland
Finally an up theory
I've been waiting for this episode for a while
sooo. you did the math on the house or did you take furniture into account aswell, since i heard no mention of it...
Um if that magician guy randomly pulled out a Boy Scout after landing that would be pretty sus and the fbi may have a thing or two to say
What about the tinsile strength of the fishing line?
Ha puns
All he did was mention the first ten minutes and I'm tearing up.
His theories are well thought out
Theory idea: how smart is senku (from dr. Stone)
Okay Matt, I have to say this: AMERICA IS A WHOLE FUCKING CONTINENT! It's decided on 3 parts: North America (Canada, USA and Mexico), Central America (Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Belize) and South America (Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela, and French Guiana)
So what you're saying is that Elon Musk could make houses fly...  Interesting.
The answer: *too many*
I've got it. The fourth and final Theorist Channel: *Music Theory.*
Good to see the old intro again
Am I the only one that does a weird little dance when he hears the intro?
Read my name
Anyone who's reading this comment i hope you and your family stay safe during this pandmic.🤗       Also it would be appreciable if you subscribe to me 😊
Reee
Wow
No one said they were helium balloons, though.
They had really good life insurance... Duh.
Where’s pennywise when you actually want balloons
My big question has and always will be: How was the other old guy still alive?
hi
This was posted two minutes ago and it has 45K VEIWS. The magic of people who are extremely early..
For everyone who says “mAtPaT y0u FoRg0t To AdD tHe MaSs 0f ThE fUnItUrE” just watch the theory and shut up
Well everyone what's UP everyone
i've been waiting for this 😂
"Underappreciated futuristic anime." *Shows an image of Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere* I don't know about that one chief.
Think we’re long overdue for a remastering of the film three opening
fact: probably wold not have clicked on this video if it was not only 14 minutes old and i am still holding on to the dream of being first
double baltic XD
Well it takes 6 balloons tp lift a doll house
With the whole boy scout abuse thing going on maybe it's a good move he didn't surprise reveal one with him...
Who else caught the "Double Baltic" reference at 7:14?
What was the under appreciated futuristic anime he was talking about??
CONGRATS ON 9 MIL!
*Sees Title* The answer is Y E S
So.... Elon Musk could do it?
matpat talked about an up theory like 3 years ago. I've been waiting for years and now we finally have it!
He explained air better than my teachers
"people comparing it to up are getting a little *carried away*" is that a pun?
make courage the cowardly dog vedio
Nice
*Mat explaining the weight of the house* Me thinking: What about the furniture in his house?
I will say the cost can be recovered by life insurance.
Here’s what I’d like to know, how does the peach from James and the Giant Peach fly with seagulls and spider thread?
THIS IS HOW MUCH PEOPLE HATE 2020
I thought he would just freeze to death but ok( haven't watched the movie)
Thought it sounded do-able to lift my house with helium balloons until I saw the cost.
I sincerely hope those other guys watch this.
Can you do a theory about evanglion and that if scientists can make the robots from the show?
Almost first
The real question to ask is: How did Carl fit all those balloons through this chimney?
North America is not a continent. Google it please. Actually, America (south and north) IS an entire continente.
i waited for this     worth it :3
Very short
"How many balloons does it take to lift a house?" Once, Pixar themselves said that they animated over 350,000 balloons when Carl first makes the house fly. I don't remember where it was published, but I think it was in a Boy's Life magazine somewhere from January 2016-December 2018.  Edit: OMG! 342 likes?! Thank you SO much!!!! I’ve never had this much before!
Jenna lifting marbles with balloons better be mentioned.
Well it takes 6 balloons tp lift a doll house
i always wanna know how many ballons does it take to lift a house but finally its here
8:30 what are the odds I was just learning about convection
Ok idk Mat is reading this but I was waiting for him to make a UP theory I expected him to say that Carl is dead or is Muntz actually dead or not or what is Kevin or something but I said I bet he is gonna make a theory about how balloons will it take to lift a house boom I was right it’s like a predicted the future I know this ain’t much I’m pretty sure a lot of people said this to other video of Film Theory but hey I just wanted to say that I have not watched the video but I’m about to watch UP is my most favorite movie ever 1st spot On my movie and childhood list.
What about the piping that is connected to the house wouldn't that hold the house down
My house is almost as light as air, it only needs 3,571.42 balloons🎈 to be lifted into the sky.
Gotta get that viewer engagement for the algorithm
THE NEW THEORY CHANNEL SHOULD BE CALLED “INTERNET THEORY” where you talk about stuff other than food, games, and popular films
Why not just get a jet
So I just have to Fork over money that would take me my entire life x 50 to get doesn't seem too hard "coughjustkiddingPsych"......
*omg
Retailer: "so how many balloons do you need?"    Carl: YES
Let's all be honest we all cried when Carl's wife died in the first 10 minutes.
Those were some very inflated numbers, Mat.
One mr beast
Nice
I swear i thought that he already made a theory video on this????
clicked on this after 3 minutes it was uploaded
Get Film Theory to 10 million Subscribers!
My hypothesis for this episode: at least 14
I believe he spends 100 years on each theory so he's at least.....Wait.....1,000,000,000,000,000 years old???? Oh my lord!
Let's be honest the house would fall apart under it's own weight
I love double bltic jokes]
about time
I don't get people who get emotionally attached to movies
how many balloons does it take to raise my self esteem :(
wrong channel, this is for game theory. but can you look into a game called Hyper Scape? I think you could make some amazing theories off of it, and if you replied it would mean the world for me. Like so he can see.
Mr beast: sees this video Mr beast the next day: “ok guys we have this house and we are gonna lift this house all the way to Some country in america im gonna be in it LETS GOOO” Morgz:... I can milk this
I don't blame anybody who can't make it through the first couple minutes, it's a pretty sad story, could easily be in the top 25 saddest films
This could have been a 2 minute video
Behold, the Rick paradox  You can ask Rick for the movie up, and he has to:  1. Give you Up Or  2. Let you down
I grew up in euclid ohio
What about when the balloons deflate? Or how some balloons popped?
I haven't seen yet but I think 20 mill cause I googled
And all of that ignoring the fact that the helium would leak out of the balloons because it's such a light and small element. Carl would likely end up somewhere in the Atlantic ocean
10:51 ...And *Random amount* cents.
ah i had this question for years.
No theory about how Carl is dead and Russel is his guardian angel taking him to heaven?
How many balloons does it take to lift the maus tank
When did the intro theme change?
We not even gonna consider that all that fishing line can hold the weight of a house without breaking
I always assumed the balloons already belong to Carl because he was a balloon saler
When you will do a 2 video about gravity falls im not trying do be rude but the last video was 2 years ago
May pat where did you grow up
I love you mat pat!!!!!!!!!!!
In my experience, balloons sink when it rains
when you finally realize that matpat releases 1 video on each channel each time he uploads "happiness noises"
You need a new intro
I mean, you'd have to subtract waaayyy more weight for the line because 50 feet would be like the most generous underestimate of all time
Congratulations on 9 Mil! 😊
What about the force to rip the house off the foundation?
I think a week ago I watch up
y’all ever just get like 900 videos in your watch later that you’ve lost interest in? I do and I rlly wanna binge them but I have a life...  but great vid! this is rlly cool, hope 10 mil comes soon!
Easy 2 thanks giving day floats
Oooo I saw a Reddit post where they asked for this video!!! 😍😍😍😍
Im still upset that you said that Remy isn't your friend mat IM NOT EVIL
These videos get weirder and weirder
shreksophone
Can you make a game theory about dont starve
Get a massive team of people win the lottery and boom idea feasible lol
OK BUT WE NEED TO GET BILL GATES TO DO A CHARITY OR SOMETHING WHERE HE ACTUALLY DOES THIS AND GIVES THE LEFTOVER MONEY TO PEOPLE IN NEED!! Just a thought
Claim you’re “here before 1 million views” ticket here
How come nobody has made this theory before.
i was hoping u would share where the house of up is based on <//3 (its in Washington btw and if u go there u would see balloons on the fence)
I miss the super amazing end card tournament
"Cleveland is like the double baltic of cities"- Matpat 2020
When the FNaF movie comes out, if it ever does, you have to do a theory on it xD. Oh wELl hERe cOMeS fREdDy 😂 altho if you do would it be on GameTheory Or FilmTheory? WhO KNowS.
Nice
Clinically diagnosed psychopath here... umm never teared up once during any movie at all including this and iron giant which are some of my fav movies
Now this is what i signed up for
Mat pat can you please make a video on in side out
Do a choa (sonic) video 👏👏
I've never cried at up
If it takes 10 years to blow it up  Does that mean you can get more people and take less time and if so how many people?
i wonder what inspired him to become a theorists like this entertainment,money or just to asnwer ppls questions??? im too dumb to undertsand
Careful, he (matpat) is a hero
BRUHHH IVE BEEN WANTING THIS THEORY FOR YEARS!!
lol
A Food theory then a film theory. I like the double upload
I can't think of anything to say here so pretend I made an amusing comment.
I'm surprised that film theory commits don't have bot
Do bugs theory please also congrats on 9K
#Anime theory!! Let's make it a thing
Yes I can make my house fly now
Anyone else learn stuff when they watch mats videos xxx
the old man carl from up is carl wheezer confirmed
Me while watching the flop of the balloon fest from big boss:
I remember commenting on you Wall-E cannibalism video telling you about this and I was so pissed you never did it  3 years later
Ive been waiting for this for years
Mattpat made a joke at the expense of dead people. I'm not offended just for that genuinely fucking hilarious.
So, as for the foreshadowing...is a Maleficent theory coming soon? How many oivies does someone prick their finger on a needle?
How much would it take to rip a house off its foundation
Sad that people trying to get a Genes World Record killed people and just polluted Earth a lot
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR YEARS
It can't
Hope you get the  crazy diamond play button also for food theory to reach that goal
How’s the air up there 👆? ;)
Video starts at 3:18
isn't this kidnapping
**YOU LIFT ME UUUP,**  Me: *hates being lifted* **AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH**
LAWN CHAIR LARRY ALREADY DID THAT
🌵
Try say good eye mate without sounding asralin
Instead of sitting through a fantastic 12 minutes, the answer is more than 1.    Your welcome
Ellie’s life insurance can pay that.
regular show theories pleeeeaaaasseeee
Finally... Finally !! Ive been waitng since you mentioned making one about UP at the end of a video qwq i don't remember which one but still T___T
What if he did use meteorological ballons
Although the balloons can lift the house but can the string support all that Weight
And if the balloons are all in the chimney I'm pretty sure that the house would claps in on its self
I still wait on the continuation of the Film Theory Pixar Theory
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
0:26 no mat pat that’s called ✨child endangerment✨
6:26. For a sec I thought that was a video from 911
Please do a beyblade burst theory
Honestly who actually knows what matpat is talking about in Cleveland
We love Ohio
You can buy a burger from Burger King,go get one know
Can you do a theory about defending Jacob? Like who’s the Murderer?
Up Is amazing, but [explitive] Disney!
David Blaine was not floating above the Arizona desert. He did the stunt in Page AZ which is on the border with Utah. I live in Phoenix which is actually in the desert I just don't like that they make Arizona just a desert, it's not the upper half of Arizona where the Grand Canyon is located is beautiful, full of trees and it snows there. Here in Phx we never get snow and barely get rain. I guess my point is that Blaine wasn't in the desert and Arizona is not just a desert.
1 view, 78 comments, 457 likes.  Youtube is drunk again.
Mr. Beast video??????????
If two other people are inside the house, you’d need more balloons  Edit: I’m unsure if he counted them already
a small price to pay for salvation. how much for all the balloons?
Awnser: average balloond strength  around able to lift 5 grams which means you must weigh a house the average overweight old man and child along with furniture
Is this possible?  Matpat: yes but actually no
I've been waiting for this episode
I JUST REWATCHED THIS MOVIE YESTERDAY AND THOUGHT IF MATPAT HAD MADE THIS VIDEO BEFORE!??!?!?!?!?!
I’ve been waiting for this one for a looooooooong time
One day I’ll come out of Area 51 with matpats conspiracy theorists channel
"Carl died that night and the movie takes place in the afterlife" confirmed?
so early omg!!!!!
Carl caused the helium shortage
Day 1 of asking MatPat to do an Owl House theory
this matpat teaches me more than my teachers
I wasn't expecting this episode, but this makes me happy, so it doesn't count.
I am surprised of how long it took matpat to make this theory
You should do a theory on how long Bill Murray was stuck in groundhogs day. I've always wanted to know.
Thank you the futuristic anime recommendation ill watch that when i finishes one piece
Lol 10 minute ago
Next time how about a video about "How to fool yout ex into transferring a big Mac through PayPal to my sister in prison"??
Wow
jesus how much money wwould he have to spend on helium
Ahhh I see that double baltic
Hello I wish mr beast could do that
Matpat Uploads*  me: SCHOOL CAN WAIT
𝐿𝒶𝓈𝓉 𝓉𝒾𝓂𝑒 𝐼 𝓌𝒶𝓈 𝓉𝒽𝒾𝓈 𝑒𝒶𝓇𝓁𝓎 𝐼 𝒹𝒾𝒹𝓃'𝓉 𝓀𝓃𝑜𝓌 𝓌𝒽𝑜 𝐿𝒾𝓃-𝑀𝒶𝓃𝓊𝑒𝓁 𝑀𝒾𝓇𝒶𝓃𝒹𝒶 𝓌𝒶𝓈
Ruining my childhood again Matpat, well done
I've been waiting so long for you to do this one woooooo-hoooooo
Didn't we do this before
Spoiler!!!!
yeet
Love this channel just wanted to so that so yah lol
Finally I’ve been waiting for this for a while
New theory what would happen if saitama hit thanos with stones in the  hand
Gonna go buy me *31,150,319* balloons now.
Do americans not have balloon races?
Hi how are you doing thank you for the video
Spoiler: It takes more then one
Is just me that is confused why MatPat said that South America is in another continent?
Read my name 👀
You know that Carl is dead in the movie right? The whole adventure is him going to the afterlife
Since when south of america it's another continent ??
I bet it's more than 12
This is something mrBeast needs to do
Completely random fact:  France was still executing people by guillotine when the first Star Wars movie came out.
History homework on google classroom: *has been assigned*  Me: sees this video   YEETUS DELETUS DAT HW
Haha im first        Im finally happy :)
About time i wanted to this for so long
Yay we finally did it 😁‼️
You need to check out more Anime/Amerime. Just an example the RWBY franchise  from roosterteeth.
This channel really is something else.
The food theory one was more like gaming this one I liked a lot more
3333333333330000 balloons
I swear I've seen this video before 🤨
i was jus watching film theroy and then he uploads whats going on
Take a guess what film I watched today for my Pixar marathon? Yep, the very one
The amount of balloons: TOO F*CKING MANY!
Wait, My school did the helium balloon thing in the uk, around the same time.
I like this one it had to do with the movie and it stunt nice one Matt Pat
Easy It takes one big bloon that’s it
Do a naruto rasengan or other stuff from naruto
Throwing shade at Cleveland, MatPat. Not as much as the shade from all these balloons but close
Hey Matt pat! How are you? Sorry I can't think of anything ;-;
Fans of Up: We all just went that Carl Fredricksen died that's how the rest of the movie came about The Film Theorists: let me stop you right there
Dubbel boltick
I watched up recently and I literally told myself   "Those balloons can't be enough to lift a house. Why hasn't film theory done a theory on how many balloons it would take to lift a house?"   2 weeks later    *sees notification*   BRUH.
You forgot one thing. The baloons dont just have to lift the house. It have to rip the house from its foundasion
Behind the scenes https://youtu.be/pzKXvXF9Yt4
What if the stunts guy revealed he WAS a boy scout?  Just something to think about
boom.i feel like u made a vid like this already
This is a comment
Been waiting for this theory for years
I'd just imagine pilots just confused why theres a house flying with ballons.
Make a 102 Dalmatians theory, that scene that Cruella Devil gets bake to a cake, CAN A HUMAN BEING SURVIVE BEING BAKED INTO A CAKE
One Bot 🤖 Two Bot 🤖🤖 Red Bot ❤️🤖 Blue Bot💙🤖
Matt I have a Minecraft theory that lines up with all of your theories what if stay with me here     Minecraft;the way home  It’s been a long question on what *is* Steve’s motivation I mean he just kinda goes around just doing stuff like ransacking mansions or going to villages and stopping raids I have a theory that Steve or the player is trying to find *the way home* now this is a really out there theory but I point you to one of my main sources Alex the 9 now he has actually done everything he can and I think he has found *the way home* or rather *3 way homes* Matt or other comments if you want more info on the way home or Steve’s motivation just let me know and I will gladly continue
It my birthday today
How many balloons does it take to lift a house? I mean okay  **takes notes the entire time**
Weigh? Ok
What if the guy with balloons WAS a boy scout
You know hes not wrong that is a very cleveland thing to do
ive had this question in my head since i heard of film theory, the day has finally came
ATTENTION: IF YOU SEE SOMEONE IN THE REPLIES OF THE COMMENTS BY THE NAME OF vGodFN  DO NOT LIKE THEIR VIDEOS THEY ARE A BOT TRYING TO GET MONEY
A lot
Fun fact: David Blaine wrote a book about minecraft mods.
Yes
The real reason https://youtu.be/pzKXvXF9Yt4
Did You Know?  A man was able to lift a *REAL REPLICA OF CARL'S HOUSE* with over 200 Balloons!
Ah good a video I can watch before my last class starts
Why would people dislike this?
Do the Pixar Theory next
There was someone named Emma, who asked in the comments if you can answer the question, so yeah.
Bruh 7 minutes and it already has got the population of the city near my town in vews
I was talking about up last night this is so great
Do how strong is Nicky’s robot arm
🥚
finally the sieance guy is here i forgot his name tho somone please tell me
Heyoooooooooo
So... NOBODY'S gonna talk about the fact he promised a UP theory a few years ago... no one? Okay.
I got the double Baltic joke, because I watched the monopoly video on film theory
When you can't leave your house because of Covid....
Hi I’m early :D
I just realised that MatPat has used the same Film Theory intro for 5 YEARS NOW!!! Who thinks he should change up the main intro?
Natjrotoucienmaiki
But were the balloons wearing masks tho??
Hi matpat I love your videos and see why you don't post daily and keep the good work
Kinda scary that After I watched this movie yesterday. Matpat coming in hot with that UP theory.
Oh yeah, two theories in one day
"No." Case Closed Edit: OF COURSE MATPAT RIGHT WHY? WHY IS HE ALWAYS SO RIGHT?
In the not so distant future, film theory shall become henceforth known as disney theory as our supreme ruler, the disney corporation, will eventually control all media.
MATPAT IS FROM OHIO? SWEET! SO AM I!
I swear you made this theory a long time ago
Please keep making more ANIME THEORIES.
When your bored enough to look in  the fridge more than once  expecting different food.
If I'm being honest here I only click on his videos for the intro skits
I was talking to myself about this literally 3 hours ago!
Ohio Cleveland gang
Day 1 of praying for a matpat funko to be created.
Dont watch my videos they are bad
mgh-mgh
He actually said double Baltic which is a food theory reference
just use a big fan on the bottom of the housecraft
I used to live nearby that actual house, and I went to the premier of it when it was made, and it was great, also its specifically in Herriman, Utah, Who else has been to the actual house?
Hazbin hotel😈
No they actually said they didn't animate enough balloons for a house to fly
If only I can use balloons to escape this planet...
E =e
Hi
Imagine a flock of birds popping the balloons while it’s holding the house.
Its all just a death dream
As far as needing ten years to fill the balloons is concerned, if a billionaire wanted to do this im sure they would make a facility designed to expidite this process.
Hardwork
531 views 1.1k likes youtube makes sense
Yes!!! I was hoping he would do a video on Up!!!
hey, are you going to see/do anything with the dune movie? i'm not a big movie watcher and I fear for the quality of the movie but the book is amazing even if the last 2 attempts at the movie were not well recieved lol
Hazbin hotel😈
did people actually think up was sad???
Please make a video about the Ninjago timeline theory please do it
This is an eggcelent video
To be honest, I'm just surprised you haven't covered this topic already.
You should do puss in boots
Up was hard
Literally every teacher ever: 3:37
Hi early squad I'm here too
No u
0:24 I think him having a boy scout with him would only raise questions xD "Sir, why do you have a boy scout with you." "Uh ~ Don't worry about it o.o' "
The real question is, how many balloons will it take to for carl to find ellie?
When are you gonna do Inside Out there is so much that you could say
That’s a lot of balloons
I saw the news and I was waiting for this video I knew you would MatPat
Why has the Game Theory intro gone through so many changes, and the Film Theory intro is almost the exact same?
Please do a theory on how Huey, Dewy, and Louie should not have been able to save Christmas in the Mickey Mouse Christmas 2 movie (I don't know what it is called)?
heyyyy Matt! I love UP
Man nobody can challenge you
MATPAT there is a theory I have for you that has come to my mind recently. so on cartoonnetwork there's this show called we bear bears a show about you guest it three brothers liveing in the big citey one Gridley one panda and a power i mean ice bear. well in one episode panda the Otaku of the three has his manga stolen by moles. so the theory is could manga hold up a mole den or cave?
First food theory and then film theory Perfect!
WAIT HOLD UP YOU WERE BORN AND GREW UP IN CLEVELAND????
I was wondering when he was gonna do this
6 minute gang
When your too early and can’t think of a joke
I've been waiting for this ever since Film Theory came out!
i thought you would've already done this theory, I swear I something about up on your channel
Ah yes, I'm struggling once again to think of a creative comment that people will notice.
What if he did a theory on The Amazing World of Gumball?
The pattest of Mats I ask for a favor, I ask you for the name of science to be make a theory on “phinas and Ferb”. What you may ask? Well I ask for you to calculate the amount of money it would take to make everything in the show. Now I am aware the limited ability to figure out how much it would take to build/fix a time machine for example, but if there is anything that you can do; it’s ignoring that and doing it anyway
1:23 this man has my approval for having Shreksophone in his watch later   (Don’t worry I already love matpat and his content, not only because of this)
MatPat: Mentions the first ten minutes of the movie  Me: Who's cutting onions?
Read my name
Who else has watched shreksaphone
I'm 200% sure, I watched the same video a few years ago. May be on another channel?
Oh my god thank you for taking my suggestion
Sounds like an airplane with extra steps.
What if he did an episode on The Amazing World of Gumball?
Secretly hiding a boy scout doesn’t seem very popular at the moment.
Jeez in 14 minutes 1.4 k people came to check out the video. I gotta say Matpat and the Game theory channel came a long way.
I was small when i saw it so i didn't cry because i didn't get it
Wow I was early
2:22 dude venezuela is in america, its not in another contient  South, north and center america aren't the name of continents there map divisions    Just saying....
How is this just existing now? 😂
Cool vid!
Heading over to party city to prepare my trip to South America  wish me luck
Mr. Beasts next video: *So I made my house fly with balloons..*
Finally the question I’ve wandered for so long
The best mat pat of the year goes to the guy with the ballones
it would be cool if i could fly my house with ballons :P
Bois! We are losing troops to the bots and we need reinforcements. Call your Bois so we can combat these lethal threats. Remember, they are getting smarter, adapting Be careful Bois! Godspeed
"576 Views, 1.7k likes." Youtube be trippin'
1000000 baloons
Fun fact: Paradise fall is based on the real fall called Salto Angel (Angel Fall), it is located in the Canaima National Park in the state of Bolivar, Venezuela. I'm Venezuelan.
Groovy.
hi
Wow, last time I came this early my wife took the kids and left :o
As a kid i always cried whilst watching this film and i still do.
I thought Russell was a wilderness explorer not a scout
New ep
The ACTUAL second obvious question is what kind of technology lets Doug talk.
1:23 shrek
I like how matpat/the editors used the Lego ideas version of the house for some of the shots instead of the real one🏠
Im early but dunno what to say rip
Boomer abducts boy and illegally cross continent
1000000
I don't have anything funny to say lets just pretend I did
Can't wait for the next anime theory
Here goes MatPat ruining childhoods again!
Hey Matpat, do you have any theories on what WandaVision could be about?
Film theory: Uploads  Me: I am speed.
Plot twist the balloons were filled with hydrogen peroxide
Dang I'm actually really early, I uh, I need to make the funny comment... um... uh... I got nothing. My jokes are almost as bad as 2012 matpat's jokes.
I mean it was matter of time before he made this video I mean since the day I discovered film theory I was wondering when he was gonna make this.
Your childhood is a lie... so is the cake...
You videos are keeping me sane during this quarantine
i wanted. this episode
Do you have any idea how long I've been waiting for you to do this???
Y'know a bill and ted video might be cool.
I see horizon I like :D yea that´s one hidden gem
Really matpat! I only get partial card if I dont show my work, that stinks
you are just now doing this??
Lol
The shade thrown to other channels at the beginning💀
0:56 No, you’re thinking of Cinemasins.
Matpat I know this is on a Pixar video but please finish the Avatar Bending Theories. I know a lot of people are excited for it and it could bring new fans to the franchise and your channel.
How many balloons does it take?  Me: *Over 9000*
About time
Yes
Hi :D
Early
I knew it was coming
The mad lad did it
EARLY GGAAAANNGG
Can you do monsters inc and how they power there world with human screams
I thought we did this episode? Hm.. guess not...
Thanks for actually not ruining my childhood this time Matt Patt.
It's funny because he calls other people's math inconclusive but his math is never conclusive
Yo the replica up house is where i live :) that’s cool.
Ohno...      *we're all commenting before the video is over*
Sorry Mat but my favorite anime ending and possibly *NEVER* getting a next season is the sad pointy needle in my life.
Tell Austin he's awesome
Nobody has watched the full video
4
I love all of these Pixar theory’s recently
Same on the first ten minutes of the movie
YouTube: 100 comments Me: can I see them? YouTube: 👀 nooo.....
This was a video I thought would've been made a long long time ago
Smart.
FINALLY EARLY TO MATPAT
I feel like we all knew this was coming at one point or another.
I really haven't been this early! Like even Mr.Beast commented 33 seconds ago! XD
That maybe is more like a trip to jail
3 minutes after release
This is why i have notifications on for this channel .😀
Me at 3 AM: *I DONT NEED SLEEP, I NEED ANSWERS*
Oh crap guys, Matpat's going to South America. Take me with you, this place sucks
Plot Convenience and Disney magic.
The house of up goes to VENEZUELA not SOUTH AMERICA!
Goodz job matpat you isz amazing
You should make a video finding where Danville from Phineas and Ferb is.
Cool I subscribed a week ago
I have been waiting for this one for years......
YESSSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!!!
Yay matpat did a theory i suggested
Amazing vid #notificationsquad
Matt!! We need a theory on how deep the hole from Alice and Wonderland would be!
Finally. I’ve been wanting to know forever
me: sees 10 hours of sheer so phone in matpat's watch later list, me: ah, I see you're a man of culture as well
You ever see a comment and think "man I wish I wrote that" in fact most of u are probably thinking man I wish I wrote this comment.
Hi
Okay, I havent seen the video yet: here's my guess: I'm gonna go with 3, at least. Edit: Okay so it was a bit more than 3, though I was technically correct.
y is this coment have so many likes
Yesss I've been waiting years for this theory!
Why Did people Dislike this like if u like it
Why does Nobody do a dark theory  about let's go Luna a where the kids are the moon is to and I mean everywhere
If you see this, stay safe!
I actually thought a couple days ago how I wanted him to do this theory
matpat plese say hi
Fun fact: Balloons don’t lift bro
Video 16 of asking for theatre theory :)))))
I must admit, I love your Disney theories but I don’t get one thing, why do you not do a Rick and Morty theory playlist Because you have like probably 15 of Rick and Morty theories now
Petition for the 4th channel to be Conspiracy Theory
Lol I was waiting for this 😂
I love this channel
Just finished watching food theory
Read my name
i only clicked because it said three minutes ago not because i wanted to watch
Waitin for that 10mil
I have a theory about inside out. I’ve had this theory for a long time lol.
When you actually watched all the movies MatPat mentioned in the first minute or two. Yes, I’ve watched the french film and it’s about gleaners 😅😅
No one has been through the entirety of this video yet
Movie Ruined , NO IT CAN'T BE LIFTED , THEORY ENDED!! Thanks so much MATPAT (*_*)     sorry , big fan lol :) Edit: Looks Like Carl is a SuperSecret SuperRich SuperMan with SuperBreathing Abilities!!
I was expecting this theory!
I love matpats personality and openings it really makes my day, it’s one of the things that got me through 2020
Nooooooooo dot do it
Hi
Matpat: *uploads*  MrBeast scammers: *hippity hoppity your comment sections my property*
3 mins
here at 93 views
99.9% of people watching this video see this comment
How many of you think that the main theme for "up" very depressing. I tear  up when ever I hear the theme
I ASKED FOR THIS VIDEO FOR SO LONG AND HE FINALLY DID IT!! Even if you did it because you wanted to thanks Matt
“-let’s ignore some of that ominous foreshadowing for a minute.” That’s some pretty ominous foreshadowing there
3 minutes
I'm a monster I don't cry at the beginning of the movie up
865th
Nice
I’m earlyish forgot to comment I’m already a bit less than halfway through, also ya yeet no ads
I have nothing to say i just wanted to be in the comments
12:06
I don't need sleep, I need answers
866th
I love the fact that matpat has 10 hours of shreksaphone in his playlist
it just got uploaded and it has 5500 views and 1500 likes also 10  dislikes
Notification squad
Hi mat pat I'm very happy to hear all your theories especially your fnaf theories am so excited about the next one #teampuppet
Mat: you only get partial credit if you dont show your work Me: *veitnam flashbacks*
Up was a great movie.  Also, there was a man who attached a bunch of balloons to a arm chair and floated towards the sky.
Imagine not being Mr. Beast and thinking, I'm gonna go fly with balloons above Arizona!
0:28, no that's not a trick, that's kidnapping.
Spoiler alert for up? Who hasn't watched up
MatPat: uploads Food Theory and Film Theory on the same day  Everyone: PARKOUR!
Lots.  Lots of balloons
*reads title*  my answer: too many to be logical........duh
Ughhhh the comment sections have been invaded by bots
Thanks for the video DadPat! Say Hi to Steph and Ollie for me! 💙💙💙💙💙
Ah yes, the question we’re all asking.
Ahh i miss this movie❤️ miss my grandpa we use to watch this together 😭
Can you make one about dc dark apokolips
Bruh so many bots
The amount of jokes is killing me.
NICE
I was thinking about how you haven't done an Up theory the other day, but the thought of the movie almost made me cry
Do a Beyblade theory
Takes at least 2
Finalllyyyy!! I asked like 2 or 3 years ago and it got a ton of likes and they finally did it. It’s been a long time coming
Does anyone know the episode of film theory where it was the story of the fog
Mat pat is hilarious
I have been waiting YEARS for Matt to finally do this theory
1:00
"Whoever sees this Comment, i Hope you achieve Big things in Life 🤞🤞🤞 i Hope you and your Loved ones stay Safe during these Hard times💗💞 God bless you and Your loved ones and have an Amazing day!!!😊💜💙🤍
I was waiting for this
Love the theory! Always have loved your theory’s oh and the terribly amazing puns!
Do an sao abridged theory plz
Hey remember the Disney death count? Well do a Dreamworks death count.
1st few seconds of vid ya cant say hes wrong.
What's the anime called
E
Yes just yes
60
:|
WOW im so late
give me a shocut out
i have been waiting for thissssssssss
I actually watched Up a week ago and had this question thank you matpat for the convenience
Hasn't this video been made before
8050 viewer noice xD  Nice Vid
YES. THIS IS THE CONTENT I CAME HERE FOR.
*I ATE A BALLOON*
bUT thAtS jUsT a ThEoRy A fiLM tHeoRy aANnD cUt
Let’s not ignore the fact that matpat himself admits his job is to ruin our childhood franchises
every1 had this qs since they saw the movie and he makes the video today... anyway.. better late Than never
DOWN
Finally I'm early!!
I like the classics
D O W N
HI MAT !
Its cool how the film theory intro have not changed for like 7 years
The theme song to this channel hasn't changed. I'm so glad.
up
Wow never this early
But hey it's just a theory a ... game no film no, food,movie,youtube,phsics Theory or something
I've been waiting for this🤣🤣
717th comment
Love u film theory
1:48 they fly now!?
The kid is just the gourding angel and to kid bringing the dead granpa to hevan
Bruh why is it that every time I rewatch a Disney Pixar movie the day after a film theorie on the movie comes out. First ratatouille now up.
I’ve been waiting for this theory for a while and I thought you were never gonna do it but here we are! Thanks!
Whao
Welp I'll be able to go to London this year without having to wear a mask if I just take my house with me
The answer is yes no matter what dont make me sad with your theory
702th comment );
Up is overrated
When you're in a time zone where Theorist videos get uploaded late.  :(
nice math!!!
I hope I become as smart as you when I grow up!😁 (Just in case you're wondering, I'm 10 and one of the youngest in my class.) #FIRST100VIEWSFAM
good vid:) took you 11 years tho:/
8,000 already?
What took you so long to do this theory?! Got my popcorn lets go! I have ligitemetly wanted to know this since I saw it
I love matpat
Wow new high score
About time this was made :)
A lot, MatPat, a lot
mat pat how did u upload to vids on the same day on two different channels with great editing im confusion.
UP up and away
early
658 person to comment
The beginning joke is... topical to say the least.
New movie idea: down where the house falls and gets sent to the core of the earth
it took him THIS long? i was wondering when he was going to do this
If Your Reading This , STOP SLOUCHING !   Your Welcome (:
My childhood movie being theorized! Also, the blimp in that movie led me to my Blimp/Aviation addiction
Nobody has finished the full video yet Edit: people have finished it now
I love your vids
Hello everyone. I hope this finds you well and I hope you have a great day.
69
When you see the film theory Notification pops up 🤗
6.9k views 😎😎
Go back to the video, there are only bots down here
1 view 221 likes   YouTube is drunk again
I waa actually wondering this 3 days agi
A theory idea. What do you think MatPat  How much did it the Summer Vacation cost for Phineas and Ferb.
JUST SHUT IT ABOUT BEING FIRST
Matpat can you check my comment from food theory
“How many balloons does it take to lift a house?”  Me: oh yeah, it’s all coming together
I JUST ASKED ALL OF THIS ON THE SUBREDDIT SOME TIME AGO, W H A T--
🅱️
Cant believe there are three channels i remember gt live used to be on the original channel
Ah yes Shreksophone
The real question is, how many balloons do I need to get me out of 2020?
1 view, 29 comments..... logic I guess.
david blaine has nothing on carl
Can you do a theory on a desintchanted animeted show 16+ Abaout lucy and his insicuraty
Maybe if online school didn't bore me so much I would watch. No hate but I'm most definitely gonna fall asleep if I watch this
2 vids in an hour
YouTube: 1 view, 28 comments and 59 likes  Bill gates laughs
Real one ready watched food theory
426 comments 1.1k likes 531 views drunk as u can get
The real question is how many balloons does it take to bring your sanity to a good level after a new fnaf game or fnaf vidio
I love this show from the beginning and I will watch you again and I just wanna day that you are a part of my childhood and I would freak if you say hi
I was waiting for this for soooooooo long   thank's Matpad ^-^
Watching these videos always provides more questions about whats true and whats a theory
hey mat pat! can you do a theory on star wars?
How convenient is it that I am actually making a cardboard version of the Up House at this exact moment?
Took you long enough
Are you reading my mind, I thought about you doing this episode yesterday, and here it is.
OMG!  The opening theme is still alive!!  I missed it...  I can only hope the one for Game Theory comes back someday too.
I love this channel I've been watching it for years
I'm early-
Mat pat encouraging child endangerment
Next: Is James Bond a Serial Rapist?!?! 🤔🤨🧐
hello
Im early what do I do now
93 views..900+ comments      *LOGIC*
1 view 16 likes 13 comments yes not a bot i sware
How is there already 1 dislike. This came out a minute ago!
Haha wow I’m early oh wait I forgot            First.
I just skipped my dads funeral for this let’s get it
:O he actually did it!
sup
Yes i see
More comments than views, hmmmm
I never clicked so fast in my life, I've been waiting for this for years!
The Flim Theroisys: **Uploads**   Everybody: *Goes straight to the comments.*
How it got 1k likes but only 100 views lol this guy is a beast
These are the questions that keep ten year old matpatt up at night👀‼️
I open this after only 45 seconds and the comment counter already says 131. Jesus y'all.
Sup y'all, hope you're ok while the world is falling apart! Stay sane!
hi Mat!
I've been wondering when he'd make this theory  THE DAY HAS ARRIVED
This is the moment we've all been waiting for
hi
Yeet
Nice 1.3 k likes in 1 minute
I love it, great theory!
Great video!!
Matdad
AHEM.........
ah, classic film theorists. That's what we like to see.
When you’re when of the first ones but you don’t wanna brag-
Easy answer = Theoretically yes but mostly no 😐
E
You might need more balloons on the house if i’m inside.
When you skip online school to watch this
Wait I thought the Film Theory was discontinued lmao I’m glad it’s back
The second this notification popped up I got so excited, next up food theory
0:59 This phrase... i felt it.
MatPat: EVERYTHING IS A THEORY Everyone else: No, Stop
Make a theory of what are the odds that even 1 human survived the blip ( the thanos snap)
youtube: 1 view also youtube: 195 likes and 375 comments
what's up!?
Hi
408th
Great vid i love your channel
Acrophobia is strong with this one
*SCREAMING*
David must of been sooo high to just go “ bro what if I flew”
MatPat looking sus. Im a vote him
To anyone who thinks thier first i have a blue shell
Don’t like this
1       The type of house   Paper
Imagine if a bird poked one of the balloons the guy used to fly
You're my favourite you tuber
First food theory new viideo and now these?? PERFECT!!!
Why are you so early?
Ello I bet you this will be ignored
PLZZZZZZ MAT PAT IF YOU SEEN THIS MAKE A VID ON A THERORY OF WHERE FEZ IS FROME
Watch out first place 17,000 subs without vid is getting blue shells for dinner.
Omg
Finally, I was waiting for this theory lmao I always wondered this
Awesome and cool!
An Amazing video as always!
You already know they had this idea a long time ago and they’re just now using it
If your reading this: Stay healthy and stay strong during these times and remember we are in this together!
Wow
Not first
I think the opening of Up makes up for all the laws of Physics this movie breaks
Wow I'm early to 2 videos today this is my new personal best
It takes  alot. :D 🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🤣🤣🤣😂😂😺
Ahh yes 93 views and 275 comments.
Hi, probably not the first one
Nice
It's about time
Hello everyone
This channel is getting my hopes *up.*
weeeeeeee
Me: I have to do my homework. Matpat: How many balloons does it take to lift a house? Me: Well, I was going to do math!
Early
Kept us waiting huh
I’m so early imma leave
Youtube: 123 comments!  Me: Oh cool! Can I see them?  Youtube: Noooooooo
It says 1view but there are 74 comments
EARLY    (I have become the very thing I swore to destroy)
Only 15 seconds in and we already have a REALLY bad dad joke. 0:16
Thanks for the UPload
Just finished watching food theory
If you don’t like then Karen’s will force politics in YouTube Comments
He used enough to get the job done MATT! Plus some animation magic.
Can we get game theory: is among us racist? Does the color of your skin effect how suspicious you are.
Legit not even a minute and it has a dislike
He really wanted to be like my 4 year old self when I saw up. Also 420th
Surprised you just did this episode I was expecting you to do this a while ago
Second
Hi
Yeet here under 100 views #proud
The 99.999% of People who see this: *Have a good rest of ur day!*
the theory that you thought already existed
My friend is going to be so happy about this theory
Fourth
Over 200 comments and 93 views
I CAME AS QUICK AS I COULD
A boyscout
Wow Now Thats a good Idea Respect Mat.
Stowing away a boy scout, lifting him several hundred feet in the air, would indeed be quite the trick
Literally watching during my Zoom class I am dead
You bots can sod off, the early squad don't need you
OH MY GOD DEJA VU!!! THEY’VE BEEN SHOWING UP A LOT RECENTLY, AND I THOUGHT THERE WAS ALREADY A FILM THEORY ON IT!!!
Not First!
I would get down on mattpat anytime.
I saw the title I saw the picture and I laughed and said "Omg a questions I've always wanted to be answered" XD I love it ;u;
Hey guys can well agree that people who say FiRsT are annoying
You should do a theory on the show “Wilfred”, it’s insanely good and needs an explanation!!
Hey
Do Lizzo next!
Second
I have been waiting for this theory for five years...
EARLY
I'm gonna love this theory
the answers of my chilldhood are finaly here
Damit
Hi
93 veiws and uh 717 like?
Hmm let me guess      100000000
I came here at 90 likes then I accidentally clicked off and it was out 860
It smells like skill, it smells like talent, it smells like something fishy in our midst
Anyone else got the Mandela effect, feel like he already made this 🤔??
Made it
Food theory now this, AWESOME!
WAIT WHAT OLD INTRO WAS THIS HERE BEFORE
Oooo!!! Ok this I wanted to know lol! 😁
Youtube:1 view Commets: 25 Me....
HI IM DOUG
Damm nice vid marpat
🇱🇻
David Blaine Just Entered The Chat!!! 😏
One balloon
First
Three videos a week is not enough😩
How many balloons does it take?  Me, estimating: over 9,000!!!!!!!!!!
I wondered when this was gonna happen
Early pog
3rd
hello mat
Nice
I don’t even have notifications on and I came 32 seconds after the upload
MatPat, are you ever gonna cover the new FNaF trailer? I've been waiting ;)
WELL THEN
It takes 1,000,000 balloons cuz it will still lift up the house
Hello early peeps
How many to lift a tangerine?
It’s finally here!
Hey Matpat
Wasn't this on freeform like 2 or 3 days ago?
YouTube be drunk again it says 50 comments
People in 2019: Stay away from people who are negative People in 2020: Stay away from people who are positive
As a balloon artist, I am so happy about this!
Amazing prompt for a theory!
HAI IM EARLY
*Pretend I said something funny and keep scrolling*
Third
First
Been waiting literally years for this video
this man is answering the real questions
Woof
Nah
ls go 37 seconds
BABA BOOEY
Ngl, I’ve been waiting for this
Earlllyyyy
Nearly first
Early :D
Here dude
2 am in my country, then i saw film theory upload...
Never thought about this
JSJSJSJSJ IDK WHAT HE WILL BE TALKING ABOUT BUT HIIIIIII
yare yare
Yeees
Oh my no one wants to know if you're first.
Hi
Not sure if I can trust this video after what you said about Remy. Really botched that one.
Hi early
When you see no first comments and are like cool no beggars here
You won’t believe how fast I clicked the notification banner
Is it funny how I talked to my friend about this a few hours ago and now this happens
first-minute viewers club
Give me a shotout pls
Imagine not being first on the video
Twice in a row YouTube notifies me within mere SECONDS of this video being uploaded??!! I’m liking this  6:52 ah, classic Cleveland, gotta love that place “^~^
uploaded 22 seconds ago lets gooooooooooooo
early dudez
wait
Still in online school
1 view 14 likes YouTube broken 😑
Great video MatPat
Like my comment
Huh, last time I was this early I still had 10 modules to do (given one day to pass it)
Hm
2nd
I think I’m early (hard to tell)
I HAVE WAITED FOR THIS
That's funny yesterday you had done a video on frozen and said "imagine what I  could do with up."
Love yah film theorist :)
Hi
94th view
Road to 10mill
Lmao
Wow I'm early                 *HOW FUN*
Mhmmmmm
Bell gang
I'm early!
Dude I had this exact idea in class the other day.
I remember,her asking for this way back on the lion king
im not first
I have never been this fast to a video
Can you please make a theory on Night Vale specifically the town desert Bluffs cuz I feel like there's something weird going on there
Hey people :>
Back to back uploads
o mah gosh! I is here early! I am very happ
Early
Early
Hello there
“Pixar’s up” made me think you were directly threatening the entire Disney Universe for a minute
So early
124th yay
early lmao
Love these videos
UP's one of my favorites! Maybe you could do an episode on the talking dog collars.
Hi I love your video please do more YouTube and I want to meet you one day and you are awesome
IVE BEEN QUESTIONING THIS MY WHOLE LIFE. THANK YOU
EEEEAARLY (love your videos!!)
oof
When you u watch this in online class XD
Been waiting fir this for ages
Yay he might of read my comment about how I wanted this to exist
Yes! Man I waited for this theory to happen FOR A LONG TIME!!!
Already one dislike Who could dare????
200th comment! Yay!😊
hello
11th
Haiiiiii I MIGHT BE FIRST
1 view but 28 comments sure youtube
Never clicked on a video so fast
I have been waiting for this for YEARS
FINALLY
I was the second view also hi I love you
I have been waiting for this moment
The house got the fatty
Hello
First
When you're so early you cant think of a joke
Okay
A Food AND Film theory video in one day, this weekend is going to be lit.
fourth
1 view
Early
YASSSSSS I AM SO EARLY!!!!
Early three comments ha
4th!
Hi 👋
Nice you guys are reallyfast
Make great content, get money!
Yes
Y e s w e g e t u p t h e o r y
Thanks for doing this I always wanted to know!
Poop
Comment 19 and like 46! So early
Surprised he didn't make this theory YEARS ago
A lot that is how many    Your welcome
hi
I have been waiting for this theory for years
People are so obsessed of becoming first
first
10th comment, yay! Earliest ever comment yet!
Early
early
Fun fact you haven’t seen the video yet
First 7 sec
Hello
32 seconds ago
Matpat do you think you could do a theory on how dangerous Godzilla's atomic breath actually is
Hello I’m early :) [Also I’m 19th to comment]
I love u and all ur stuff
1st
yeet
I was the 56th person to like the vid
Can i get a heart?
The day we’ve all been waiting for!
I'm early
Second✨
Nice Job Man! Another Awesome Vid!
I clicked as fast as I can
LAST
ITS OVER 9,000
Hey
guys don't say first
Early
IM THE FIRST VIEW
Hmmmmmm
First
1st
Welcome to the first gang
1 view... hi
Do a theory about lilo and stitch
hello
Yay new theory
Hey
Oh boy
oh hey, early for once. nice video man!
I knew this had to be a theory at some point
Finally we got the answer
Second
79th
I don’t need sleep. I need answers.
hiiii
Love your vids
*I A M S P E E D*
third
Top
Hey if you answer this you like pizza bet you won’t nerds
Really...
Hi
Yes early
Sup kids
I’VE BEEN WAITING! I’M SO EXCITED!!!!!  Edit: Also, it’s always driven me crazy that the balloons didn’t life the house until after they were released. I would think that the balloons would pick it up immediately once the correct number is there. I don’t know if I explained that right, it makes sense in my head.
Hi
So coool
Wassup mat pat
Hi
epic
19th
Hey
Yeah🥰😛
Woah I’ve never been this early
No me
iVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE
Plz make a vid an midnight gospel
Why
24 SECONDS
F
Thank you for feeding us this theory
Epic
Hi
Nice
Ealy
Hi notif squad
Sup bro
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re a very beautiful and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine 📦  *My dream is to hit 1k, I’ve been struggling to get there* 💸
11th?
Wow
BELL FANS
First
Fist
Hello 👋 balloons go high like me on drugs
I’ve been waiting for this
Woooo new vid
nice im early
WHAT
Good night
Hi mat
Hi matpat
Hello
Ew bots.
3rd person
i’m going down
Third
AH FANTASTIC
22 seconds
pog
Do a theory on if it is possible to make it rain food like in cloudy with a chance of meatballs
Pog
Hello there
I have a Minecraft theory that corrects your theory about the  zombie pigmans. When the pigs ate from nterworth they did not become zombies, they became hoglins, when the ancient builders saw that they had created monsters, they banished them to the crimson forest they hated because it was dangerous. After a few days the builders realized that they needed the hoglins fore food, they started to deal with the magic, and created the piglins, which would be stronger and able to fight the hoglins. They built huge and beautiful places for the Piglins to live in, they lived happily. It can be seen that when the builders built a the Nater fortss, they did not yet deal with magic, because all the tools there are not enchanted, but with us the Piglins have enchanted tools, which means that they already knew how to deal with magic. But one day the piglins found out why they were created, and realized that for humans they are just machines of extermination, so they went to war and attacked the conditions, the conditions returned war and destroyed, and blew up what they built, and the Piglins did not know how to repair them, so they look ruined to this day. The piglets they caught were slaughtered, and their skin torn, turning them into brainless zombies, but one thing they remember, they must remain united together against whoever attacks them. By the time the  piglins captured the builders, they already knew how to use magic and turned them into striders, helpless creatures. One can know this because they are also the only creatures in all of the nether who do not attack the players no matter what and also explain why they like the Blue Mushroom from the Blue Forest, because in the Blue Forest live Enormans, who are also people in. The builders had not yet learned their lesson, and used the only material they found, in gold, in the fire of Natar and the tear of Gast (which would give them the powers to fly): and created the blazes to protect them. The Blazers may not be player-friendly, but they will certainly match the Wither skeletons The builders even demolished their portals back home, just so they wouldn’t follow them. The Pygmies are afraid of the blue mushroom and blue light because they remind them of the blue forest, where the Andramans live, who are the ancient builders. It also explains why they do not like the Whiter skeletons. This theory also explains where the builders were as the sky rose and flooded the world  I really like your videos, and I'll be happy if you read this comment. I'm sorry if my English is not good, because I'm not from an English speaking country, I'm from Israel
4rth
Ok
Fun fact: *The word "long"* is shorter than the word *"Short"* Check my name btw...
Hi
Oi mom look I’m early! Hi may pat!
2nd not kidding
Up? More like DOWN
Early gang
37th
Ur posting alot today :)
helo
First
It would take 100000
EARLY BOOI
Hi
Early
One of the Early
Hello
Second
Hello
Chocolateeeeeee
First coment   Never this early jajajaja
YEEEEEE
wow I'm early
Reeee3ee
Interesting  I'll take that into good use...
Awesome you are the most hard working youtuber of all time please do more videos because I love you so much!!!
Noto gang
Not first
Dunno
Millions
Wow, I'm early for once
Earrlie
Hello
So when is the next HiImmarymary video?
Yay
First
Heyyyy
Wow
at least 12
K
should be on balloon theory
Yeet
Not first
Noice
21th
Early!!!
One of the first people here
Early
Not first
Idk
lmao
To anyone reading this, I hope you have an amazing day. Stay positive and spread the word, you matter. You don't need a Disney movie to lift your hopes up.
Finally
hm
14th
Yay
Pog
speeeed coment
This was 17 seconds ago pls like and pin
Afternoon.
EARLY
*"Who else went straight to the comments?*  (Check my name btw)
Hi
hi
Hi
House
No
21
First maybe
Yayy!!
14
7 seconds ago, i think i just crapped myself.
Yay video
Hi
I have to try this now
yes YES IVE BEEN HOPING THEYD MAKE A THEORY ON THIS
Yo
Hi
One of the first
How am I so early?
How’s everyone’s day???!!!
Wow I’m kinda early
LOL
Crap I’m early
Lots.    Lots of balloons.
finally
n
Wow I’m early...
Hi.:D
To everyone who sees thus God bless stay safe and have a nice day/night 💗✨
Really? David blane???
2
Yoooo good video
Ayyy
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re a very beautiful and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine 📦  *My dream is to hit 1k, I’ve been struggling to get there* 💸
idk maybe like 2 ok when i think about it  maybe like 10
hi'
4TH
first
1st
first
Hi
2
Meee
HELLO
2
Hi
FIRST
*EARLY*
