The boomers on Facebook are arguing that this crash is AI or a game hahaha it’s hilarious
Son 2 cosas: 1. O son los bordes de salchicha. O 2. El conductor iba a una velocidad muy acelerada que no le dio el tiempo para frenar y con ello chocando con el borde de salchicha y salir volando por los aires.
I'm confused ???     what do the kerbs have to do with anything when he's coming in at 200 ??        the kerbs aren't affecting the other drivers at this point....    brake failure-  he would have known that or tire failure at the previous corner...  05nov2022.dellthecomputer
Nonsense regulations!
The Aston Martin loves to drift.
This still proves the absolute stupidity of sausage kerbs in motorsport.
It's time to remove sausage kerb, don't wait until it's too late!
I ni
Geeeeeze, it just *BLEW* the door off
it's almost like sausage kerbs are dangerous
FIA need to introduce time, position or even grid penalty for exceeding track limits for once or more time in a single race instead of sausage kerb.
Why does the FIA still allow these death traps on RACING tracks. What was wrong with gravel?
WTF IS THE MAJOR MALFUNCTION ON ENGINEERING!!! HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN BEFORE TURTLE CURBS FINALLY BECOME ILLEGAL?!?!?! NASCAR, INDYCAR, IMSA, FORMULA RACING, IT’S LITERALLY BEEN HAPPENING ALL OVER THE WORLD!!! I DON’T CARE IF RACETRACKS NEED CURBS TO MARK TRACK LIMITS SO THAT DRIVERS DON’T CUT THE CORNERS, TURTLE CURBS ARE NOT THE ANSWER!!! ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!!!! TURTLE CURBS ARE NOT JUST DANGEROUS, THEY ARE LITERAL DEATH TRAPS!!! WHOEVER INVENTED THESE KIND OF CURBS NEEDS TO BE STRAPPED TO A ROCKET AND BLASTED OFF INTO OUTER SPACE FAR, FAR AWAY FROM THE EARTH FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE!!! TURTLE CURBS NEED TO BE BANNED IMMEDIATELY!!!!!!   FOR THE LAST TIME!!!!!!  NOOO!!!!!! MORE!!!!!! TURTLE CURBS!!!!!!
Aí ai
0:15 The Aston's door: I believe i can fly
How much injured and how much important must be someone to realize that we need to get rid of this sh*tty sausage kerbs?
Why did the door disintegrate instantly?
How can de door fly away like that at the impact?
Thats me turn 1 in iracing
I know that everyone is concerned about safety (I agree it's important) but motorsport is not supposed to be something like hiking in a sunny day, that's part of what differentiates good drivers of outstanding drivers. Important keep it in mind.
FREESTYLO! RAKOMAKOFO!
How many fucking times do we have to say these things are dangerous and will kill someone.  The Alex Peroni crash at Parabolica few years ago, they instantly removed that one, why not the others?
Well, it's been around for longer than all of those cars combined so the problem is either the cars - which are awful - or the drivers.
“Oh, he was travelling too fast”, what a brilliant observation!
Wait till an F1 car does that, then they'll change them.
Get rid of these fucking sausage curbs
A sausage kerb is nothing more than a speed hump, I've yet to see a race track that thinks installing speed humps is a great idea...
Get. Rid. Of. Them.
Nothing like a sleeping policeman to slow traffic down
FFS get rid of these death sausages!
The FIA will make hamburger kerbs next. The FIA is so smart. They always do what's right! I'm not even a motorsports fan. I'm just a fan of the maFIA!
Me on the way to asda
car sounds like it's made from tin
Sausage kerbs need to go!
Meanwhile "actual" sausages everywhere are appalled that these kerbs have recklessly stolen their name and are ruining their reputation as an all round crowd pleaser.
That flat floor makes a great wing…
Imagine if the curb wasn't there. The sausage dissipated his speed. Other wise he could have hit a wall at top speed.
Let's have actual ramps like in Need For Speed. Might as well put on a show, huh FIA?
FIA after sausage kerb sent another cars flying : "Nah, Sausage kerb is fine, they completely harmless"
How many serious crashes need to happen BECAUSE OF SAUSAGE KERBS before the hypocritical so-called safety "engineers" at the FIA remove this car destroyer?  Seriously, I don't understand what complete moron at FIA thinks that flinging cars uncontrollably airborne is a good safety standard. SOMEONE has to have just a hint of common sense in there.
As my friend Tom Curren got in some oil on the back straight @ Road Atlanta, sending him 180 mph backwards, this brother caught some tire pebbles that led him to tumble that exquisite A.M. machine.
Sausage kerbs gotta go. The amount of crashes recently which have been the result of a car ramping off the kerbs is reason enough to ditch them and here, knowing that the cars are extremely low to the floor, the risk of something like this happening with the Aston having its entire door ripped off before catching air and flipping over says it all. Glad to see Henrique is okay.
It's the sausage curbs..  not the driver missing the braking point by 80 feet..
your only supposed to blow the bloody door off
FIA comes up with Halo and saves many lifes. Also FIA puts this killer kerbs
Such a stupid thing to have on a race track 🤦🏻‍♂️
Right. I'm off to the food van for a Sausage Kerb.
Sophia Flörsch, Alex Peroni, Abbie Eaton.. All been victims of sausage kerbs. Get rid of them.
WTF is a sausage curb?
Wake up   Jesus is coming back a lot of people have been ignoring the warnings since 2020 and the only person you’re hurting by doing that is yourself and you’re family   God is doing so much and has done so much for you to wake up and understand the times and season you’re living in so you can repent and be saved   it’s like the days of noah. God sending his servants in love because God loves you to warn you before judgment comes and yes of course human nature   Human beings ignoring God just like the days Noah mockers and scoffers laughing at the preaching of the word  scoffing at the preachers and persecuting those that come in love and share in love   scoffing at the word of God and all this scoffing and mocking even after all that you’ve seen since 2020 and have experienced  Yet everyday life continuing people oblivious to the coming judgement upon this world like the days of noah and ignoring everything that they’ve seen and are seeing   ignoring the fact that there’s a war happening in Ukraine which could potentially lead to nuclear war also ignoring the fact that Israel is about to go to war with Iran and China is about to go to war with Twain   Ignoring the fact that food prices are rising aswell as fuel prices there’s talks of worldwide famines by 2023 new diseases monkeypox after we just had a virus cause havoc on this world for two years and now we have a new one   yet people are choosing to ignore all this signs when the bible told you that this would happen in the last days  A time prophesied by Jesus - a time worser then anything that’s happened  in this world yet you can still be saved out of that time and out of the tribulation and it’s only through Jesus that you can be saved from the wrath to come and from hell and from eternal Separation from God because of you’re sins for the wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus   you’re in the middle of a spiritual warfare light - against -darkness and you have no idea how great or wicked that darkness is nor what that darkness is doing or planning for you   the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back to judge this world and to put everything right  God’s will is for all to be saved and for none to perish but time is running out this is not the time to be running away from God but rather to God and for my brothers and sisters in Christ   my fellow Christians don’t play church you’re either with Christ or you’re not beloved. Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows. Whoever sows to please their flesh, from the flesh will reap destruction; whoever sows to please the Spirit, from the Spirit will reap eternal life. Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. Therefore, as we have opportunity, let us do good to all people, especially to those who belong to the family of believers.  you’re either in the light or in the darkness you’re either on Gods side or Satan’s side beloved Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.  Beloved You have to pick up you’re cross and follow Jesus and deny yourself daily and crucify your flesh daily and be holy because God is holy offer you’re body as a living sacrifice holy and pleasing unto God beloved strive i repeat strive ! to enter through the narrow gate for many will try but will not be able too   This message is shared out of love to everyone so you can be saved   So Repent and give you’re life to Jesus accept him as you’re Lord and saviour and receive forgiveness and salvation through Christ Jesus    Acts 4.12  And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved   John 14:6 6 Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me  God bless
At this point I'm really struggling to think of a good reason to have sausage kerbs anywhere.
Agreed! Too tight hairpin chichane is Dangerous & should be Banned by FIA ... The Track Design Team for Dangerous Corners or Chichane should take Responsibility & Accountability to mellow down the Angle of these Dangerous Bends they created to Cause Accidents  , some Fatal!
This makes Bernie Ecclestone’s sprinklers sound sensible…
I wonder how the people who were/are on the board who signed off the use of sausage kerbs sleep at night while drivers spines are being turned to dust, day in and day out.
LOT OF FIA PEOPLE NOT ACTUALLY A RACER AND DUMB ENOUGH TO THINK THAT CURB SAVES THE DRIVERS
Did anyone note Doors flying away at the first hit??? Are them made with paper?  Is good this? Is planned this way?
Remove sausage kerbs and put some quarter pipe ramps in their place. If the FIA is this intend on launching cars in the air, we might as well make a show out of it
That is an expensive way to open a door!
I'm both the sausage kerbs and the safety build of GTE cars will be analyzed.
Not even bad
When I watch motorsports and see a crash on those sausage kerbs, I think to myself: “Why do these still exist?”
How many incidents across various FIA series' do they need before something is done about it 😐
Why are sausage curbs still a thing?
FIA was never good at decisions
Get rid of these sausage kerbs. Just a recipe for disaster time and time again as seen. Ironic given its for safety
OMG. Надеюсь, водитель в порядке
Sausage kerbs make exciting crashes and crashes are a key part of motorsport. I think sausage kerbs should be appreciated and used even more. If drivers want safety, don't drive cars at high speeds around a track. If they want the 'big bucks', they need to provide big drama, otherwise give them the same wages as the safety car operator.
no sausage
You'd think after so many damn crashes caused by sausage kerbs that they would do something about them by now. And it's not like it's something new now. This has been going on for years. Remember Alex Peroni's crash here in 2019. Thing took like a rocket. Abbie Eaton broke her back at COTA because of one. It's insanely dangerous to continue to use them. Is this going to be another thing where someone has to die before action is taken. I love motorsport with a passion but I hate seeing drivers getting hurt and killed because organisers don't do anything about problems before someone is hurt. It's a standard trope in motorsport. Wait until a big name is really hurt or killed then we will sort it. It's not good enough these days. Yes I get they want to stop people cutting corners and such. Grow a pair and start penalising them all for it instead of continuing to risk peoples lives with launch pads. I get motorsport is inherently dangerous and always will be but there is no reason to make it more so with things like sausage kerbs.
sausage kerbs need banning yes there is a need to stop corner cutting but there are better ways, we've seen to many times where bad accidents have been caused by sausage kebs
whilst i agree those kerbs are danergous if you stay on the track they are not its simple really , look at the last F1 race for example no sausage kerbs and half the field ended up with track limit warnings and penalties
Make it all gravel or grass next to the curbstones. No more tracklimits idiocracy and no more sausage curbs.
Everybody wants these sausage kerbs to be removed. Why don't we remove the chicane all together, cause without these kerbs, track limits are a joke. Or even better, ban these old school circuits in favour of those huge plains of asphalt with a racetrack painted on them.
Sausage kerbs gotta go. The amount of crashes recently which have been the result of a car ramping off the kerbs is reason enough to ditch them and here, knowing that the cars are extremely low to the floor, the risk of something like this happening with the Aston having its entire door ripped off before catching air and flipping over says it all. Glad to see Henrique is okay.
Just to give you an idea of how big this hit was, the door of a Vantage GT3 can only come off if the bonnet also comes off also that silver piece under the floor is ridiculously heavy and shouldn't be able to bend or flex at all. You can see that it looks like it bows and is all rippled.
That sausage kerbs are simply stupid! Why tf you got rid of gravel safety zones?
DELETE SAUSAGE KERBS, they cause nothing but problems for the driver's safety! And there are better ways to see if drivers are going off the track to gain an advantage.
Sausage kerbs out.
The f*cking kerbs....
Sausage kerbs and concrete runoff have caused more accidents and injuries than the gravel traps, tyre bundles and grass runoff that they've replaced
oops
Sausage kerbs are dangerous no matter what kind of car is driven, even a full blown giant SUV nearly flipped at Silverstone. It's time to get rid of them.
More proof those curbs need to go
0:15
...how a little bumb can mess up your day =/
All my homies hate sausage curbs
Another dangerus accident sposored by the FIA sausages
sausage kerbs shouldn't be hit if the driver didn't make the mistake that wouldn't of happened
Shux
This kerbs don't do anything but make everything worse they don't slow down cars they just make them airborne, get rid of this rubbish "safety" equipment!
FIA saw this and wondered if they could fine the driver and the curb itself, somehow.
#RemoveSausageKerbs
babe stop yr not saito daigo
oh look another massive accident involving a sausage kerb... FIA are you blind? how many more is it going to take
LMAO, a flyin' piece of plastic....tea bag.
Did he have a brake failure or smth?
For a second I though I was watching some gran turismo
Seen so many cases of sausage curbs becoming launch ramps
I know they’re supposed to strictly enforce track limits but at this point these are a hazard. I remember last season F1 gave us a peak into the stewards room one race, and there was at least 20 people in there. That should be plenty of eyes on the circuit to enforce track limits without risking lives.
Sausage kerbs that look INSANE DANGEROUS
o kurwa...
SAUSAGE CURBING HAS GOT TO GO!  From Sofia Floersch in Macau, to Alexander Peroni at Monza, to Dennis Hauger being launched into Roy Nissany, the severity of these crashes were all a result of the sausage.  They MUST be removed.  A very slippery level band of asphalt at the edge of the track would keep drivers from running wide. the grip levels must be so different that the loss of control from running wide is uncatchable.  They will not run wide, as it would be slower.  Putting a sausage curb which launches cars, risking spinal compression and greater injury is not the way to control the problem.
FIA's Sauge kerbs  in name of "Safety"
Wow che capottone 👍
People are saying sausage kerbs caused this massive crash. But didn't they kind of save the guy here? He had lost the brakes and might've speared right into the wall, the kerb (while flipping him) did take a lot of energy out of his approach.   You often hear commentators saying: the biggest crashes are the safest ones. It's when you suddenly become stationary that it becomes dangerous. Look at Albon and Zhou last week, the one looked very dramatic and he got out with minor bruising, the other looked pedestrian in comparison, yet he had to be flown to hospital.  Am I missing something here?
Sausage kerbs. Just ask Abbie Eaton, Sophia Floersch. Ban them now before it's too late.
Great stuff. Motorsports definitely need more sausage kerbs!
S A U S A G E K E R B S O U T!!!!!!!!
hahahahhahaha so much money lost gagagaggagagagaga
What's the point of the tarmac runoff if there's a ramp in front of it?  2nd point if the FIA grew some balls and policed track limits properly we wouldn't need them!!! End of rant!!
Really ??? Monza again ?  Just get rid of thise curbs. First they nearly kill that F2 driver and this bs.
Sausage kerbs need to go. If a driver feels the need to cut that corner then surely a straight 10 second penalty would be enough instead of drivers nearly being killed.
Sadly soon all combustion cars and trucks including classics will be banned from public streets in entire EU and Scandinavia  :-(  In Germany the Green Peoples Party gave order to shorten fuel supply from 2025  on by reducing all conventional fuel stations to only one state operated central gas station per city or county. Car washs will be forbidden too because they are climate killers, now they want to slow down all the gas station pumps from 20 litre per minute to 2 litre per minute...From 2027 on in the EU certain car spare parts will be banned too....as exhaust systems, turbo chargers and even some engine and gearbox oils...California and New York will do the same from 2027 on.... So no investments should be done in oil burning cars any longer....They even created a new kind of crime here, called emissions and smoke crime.!!! (BABVVEN & TEBBVEN & BEFVO laws)!!!!!!
Ant knew what was up straight away, he's an asset to the commentary team.
just remove those sausage kerbs
In nascar, we call these curbs "turtles" and it makes sense to have them because the cars go much slower and are far heavier than sports cars and Formula cars. The FIA as a whole should really take another look at these.
GET RID OF SAUSAGE CURBS! They are attempting to kill drivers
How many more accidents do we need before the FIA remove these sausage kerbs. What a Yoke
I have a ground-breaking idea, listen to me carefully, how about...we replace sausage kerbs with gravel...  *standing ovation noise intensifying*
#BanSausageKerbs
Love to see them cut off the announcers mid sentence. Couldn't give us 27 or even 30 seconds of highlight.
Is a driver going to have to die or get a life changing injury before these stupid raised launch kerbs are banned? 😡
Only thing at this point is that they're like waiting for someone to die because of sausage curbs to ban them. we've had so many incidents already, it's unreal!
Sausage is alright. Pilots need to be woken up to be better or suffer the consequences. Cars are safe and they don't suffer anything personally, just a shameful exit from the race.
I don’t care what is, F1, WEC, touring cars etc. they need to get rid of them it’s a real hazard
Sausage curbs must go. Good old gravel ftw!
get rid of sausage kerbs. use electronic detection systems built into the cars/track. Could be done relatively easily
It’s called deep gravel = more effective than sausage kerbs.
We really do need to update the tracks to compensate cars  speed or the rev limiter on the cars Im glad he is ok.  Thid is the only way to watch my races.  The app sucks
how many big accidents is it gonna take for people in charge to finally make a decision to get rid of sausage curbs?!
😭
Fucking sausage kerbs. That could’ve been avoided if they weren’t there
Why was chaves going so fast Into the rogia? He's going double the speed he should
Ok, if a Sausage kerb can launch a car GT car that high up in the air, in a heavy braking zone, they need to go. I know they were going way faster than required going into the braking zone but still, they are not even going that fast when they got launched compared to the rest of the track.
It’s time for the FIA to get their shit together and get rid of those sausage curb before someone gets killed or seriously injured but their political neophytes they don’t know any better
They say no gravel because it can flip cars, but sausage kerbs is ok, gg fia, weve had a dangerous crash in f3 some years ago in parabolica because of that & they still not understand
Launched that Porche and ripped its door off like with was nothing
Fucking sausage curbs are going to kill someone at this rate
Did he forget to brake? He wasn't even close to making that corner at that speed
GRAVEL and thats it
Problema al posteriore non parte così
Remove unsafe sausage curbs. How much longer are you going to hesitate, FIA?
Seriously, why are sausage curbs still on race tracks? Its obvious that now there more or less a hazard. The FIA are all about safety, and if they want to make Motorsports safer. They must remove those damn sausage curbs. Some people may argue with, "There intended purpose is to make sure that drivers don't exceed track limits." To which my response is, if they want to make sure that drivers don't exceed track limits, a ramp is not the answer. As a matter of fact, the white lines on race tracks are there to tell the drivers where they’re suppose to be. If they go past one of those lines. They're putting themselves at risk of getting a penalty. Those lines are much safer. So my message to the FIA is, please remove the sausage curbs on race tracks.
SAU-SAUGE-KERBS, WHAT ARE THEY GOOD FOR? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.
Crash the crash the crash the Aston Marton swipe the swipe the swipe mastercard
So we add this one to list of: - a F1 car landing on top of another - a F2 car landing on top of another - a F3 car flying into a Marshal post - a w series driver braking her back
Just imagine what happens if the car inverts upside down after hitting those sausage kerbs, at those speeds the car will just launch itself into the sky as the orientation of the car resembles to that of aeroplane's wing 🤷‍♂️
Worth noting that the driver Henrique Chaves has been cleared by the medical centre after this accident.
That was scary, modern race car safety has come a long way 👏
I don't know why everyone is blaming the kerb when one should be asking the driver if he knows where his brakes pedal  is and if he knows how to drive. He was driving there like he was on the main straight,  or at a rally.
This the part of motorsports I don't like: the possibility of losing a driver, all of a sudden one questions the importance of it all. 😔
Does someone have to be killed in order to remove sausage kerbs? They are literally the most dangerous thing on the track
Time to get rid of the sausage kerbs, just useless and dangerous
lol
immediate, mid season ban on sausage curbs required.   Let’s not wait for a serious injury / fatality…. Also some public transparency around how they are being investigated would be nice.
sausage kerbs are the most stupid thing you can find on a racetrack.  what's next? spikes? a mine field? Missile attacks? (wait, that one is actually a thing)
I see a lot of remove sausage-kerbs comments but technically that's not a sausage kerb. Sausage kerbs are cemented in the asfalt or concrete. Sausage kerbs are designed to slow down the car if it cuts the corner or runs wide so they won't gain an advantage. Like Charles Leclerc at Imola for example.   These are removable speed bumps bolted to the asfalt in a run-off area. Run-off areas should never be fitted with speed bumps. The sporting regulation is very clear about gaining an advantage off the track making those speed bumps obsolete. And this chicane has also bollards to go around when rejoining the track in a safe manner losing laptime. Like Lewis Hamilton had to take the escape route at Monza in 2019.
...sausage curbs 2...racecars 0...
ffs remove the sausage curbs
reason 6,528,963 sausage curbs shouldn't be in motorsport
It’s time to remove those ridiculous sausage kerbs. They are way to dangerous.
Get rid of those damn curbs
These kerbs need to go, see last week in F1.
Remember the nascar race at the Indy road course last year where a few people launched off of the curb? I’m seeing a similar thing happen here except this guy flipped
Sausage curbs?More like Ramps to propel you straight into the oblivion.
until someone dies from one of these kerbs, they wont change them.
Anyone know the point of the sausage kerbs(other than launching cars into the air)?
sausage curb should be replaced with gravel traps at monza
the sausage kerbs need to be removed
Save this comment. I've been posting this for years.    Someone will have to die before the FIA admits they are wrong about sausage kerbs.
That one is going in my sausage kerb funny moments compilation
are you guys just waiting for someone to die from these dumb ass sausage kerbs until you do something? how many warning signs do you need?
So you think maybe we ought to do something about the sausage curbs? How many more people are going to get launched because of these damn things? Someone is going to get hurt. Hell if f1 cars didn’t have that halo someone would’ve been killed last year. Get rid of these curbs
Great car shitty driver
❤️SAUSAGE
Everybody is talking about the sausage kerbs and almost no one's asking what the hell was he doing coming into della Roggia that fast. Was it a brake malfunction or did the driver miss his braking point by 100 meters?
It’s not the cars nor the drivers, it’s the FIA that’s dangerous!
We need some major manufacturer to put their foot down and say they will refuse to bring their works teams to any track with sausage curbs.  All sausage curbs would be gone within 2 weeks. No event would choose keeping dangerous curbs over Merc or Porsche or BMW, even if it were probably a bluff.
I believe there was a brake failiure
Drivers and teams should refuse to race on any track with sausage kerbs, for their own safety.
When are they going to get rid of sausage kerbs? There must be a better solution. At this same track a couple of years ago an F3 car got sent skywards at Parabolica because they hit the end of one of those kerbs and it broke against the car's floor...
The roof flaps did *NOT* do their job
Yeah I think we've all come to realise that sausage kerbs in general are a bit more of a say hazard than a rules device, im okay with the drivers self policing  track cuts under the stewards eye than having people go from what would have been a harmless slide into a car destroying impact/roll...
Why the fuck are sausage kerbs still a thing wtf.
Upside down racing looks cool
Sausage Kerbs should be banned
Looks like brake failures holy f
I know this sausage curb have served some purpose in terms of track limit, but we have seeing some big crash with it. They need to do something about it. It's obvious isn't save for some situation. And sometimes driver still gonna abuse track limit anyway, so why still keep this things.
Queue Mr. Sam's saying:  "You're done!"
Oh boy that's a really nasty one :S Really glad to hear Henrique Chaves is okay.   Another good case for removing those stupid kerbs in high-speed areas.
Stava pensando a Diletta
any other corner thats a normal spin. get rid of sausage kerbs. do you want someone dead fia?
These sausage are pointless and way too fucking dangerous to have on circuits.
When will the FIA get rid of these sausage curb
The guy who came up with sausage curbs are probably like "hmm yes slow the car down by throwing them into the air"
How many years and how many more accidents we'll have until sausage kerbs are completely removed from any kind of motorsport?
sausage curbs again ...why don't they remove them?
Get rid of sausage kerbs. Penalties and forced return routes are harder to enforce but at least they don't risk driver safety. This is disgraceful
Dumb sausage kerbs or in the case, dumb Stewards for allowing it based on a serious number of crashes before.
Sausage Kerbs is a nightmare, stop this joke !
Replace them with bacon kerbs🤝
*sausage kerbs exist* : launches cars into the air
Why TF there are still sausage curbs or tall curbs im general close to the track in this day? If the worry is drivers not going in the line just apply penalties like it should. MotoGP has no tall curbs and monitoring that it's not a problem there. Why FIA? Will a driver actually need to die to change to happen or something?
Sausage curves are not safe at all
POV monza 28/29 players, Q, 2 minutes left
WHAT IS IT GOING TO TAKE TO GET RID OF THOSE STUPID SAUSAGE KERBS... SOMEONE'S LIFE!!????!!!???
I hope his ok😢
ban sausage curbs!
the door still hasn't come down.
Yeah okay this is going on to often. Sausage kerbs and downforce generating underfloors don't mix.
Aston Martin karma for making Seb suffer
Get rid of these stupid sausage kerbs! They are extremely dangerous! Look at F2 race in Silverstone feew weeks ago, it almost killed a driver when other car was catapulted up. Many drivers in formulas got injured back just riding over them, not mentioning enormous material damage to the cars and financial damage to the teams.
Sausages claim another victim.
Fuck sausage kerbs! Bring the fucking gravel traps back!
noo not the cum car
Race series should grow some balls and start refusing to race on circuits with sausage kerbs. Before someone is killed
man yesterday i saw a compilation of sausage kerbs that launch drivers, well, they still do. Please remove them
FIA: this is fine
Why do you show the crash but don't give say anything about what the medical center said? like... we need to know the important parts.
Yeah let's put miniature ramps around a race track, what could go wrong?
his door came off, damn
Saussage kerbs again.
I think sausage curbs are even more dangerous than the short run off area at Eau Rouge (?)
The door ejected itself out of pure terror for the sausage 0:13!
There goes his spine
f1 2022 Silverstone again…😥
Another reason to GET RID OF THESE STUPID SAUSAGE CURBS! FFS We have enough technology so register cars cutting corners so use it!
Looks like a break or throttle failure. He came in way to hot for that chicane
Again I think of Alex Peroni and that sausage kerb launch. If he would have died, the kerbs wouldnt exist anymore, but because of the halo, they keep these fucking concrete speed bumps on a racing circuit. Who was drunk and dumb enough to approve of speed bumps ON A RACING CIRCUIT. WHO???
These Kerbs are terrible for every single form of motor sports, accidents have happened because of them in every single Motorsport series because of em, I know it’s to enforce track limits but I also think a simple penalty is enough instead of having your car flip into the air like that
Kvyat, Peroni, Eaton, Hauger/Nissany, Chaves   All drivers who have had hefty shunts because of these kerbs. WHEN they kill someone and they will I want to see the FIA charged with negligent manslaughter
This looked horrible!
Stupid bumps are making the sport more dangerous
This new style of racing upside down seems to be catching on.
All these people talking about sausage curbs.  You'll put sausage producers out of business with your misspelling.
When are Racing Organisations finally learn and Ban these stupid Sausage Curbs! How many need to be hurt till they react????
Fuck the sausage kerb fuck sake what does it take for them to realise there has to be an alternative to them
On Monza taking a vibrator is not forgiving, and the vibrators are really high and rounded.... and as it is there and you can see it well... it took off on it! Anyway it was coming too hard or at least no more braking cues.... impressive crash...
I cannot belive how dangerous those fucking sausage kerbs are...
FIA, I BEG YOU, REMOVE THESE DUMB KERBS
Woow.....
shutting off the coverage on Eurosport for wimbledon and then directing us to a paid service just to watch the rest of the race??? stupid
0:14    where does the door go?
Monza is such an overrated course.
He was lucky
Ban the Italian Sausage Kerbs from all FIA homologated circuits!
The sausage kerbs need to be banned from every form of motor racing. They are dangerous and could result in someone dying.
Mmmmmm, saussssages
Fia and their "safety standards" 🙄🤣🤣🤣  Those curbs shoulda been outlawed years ago, and they shoulda realized their shit catch fence design at Silverstone decades ago. #fiagongshow
It's kinda funny how the main focus is supposedly driver safety, yet they place concrete trampolines on tracks. Sausage kerbs gotta go. Might as well replace them with spike strips.
#bansausagekerbs
Zhou Guanyu 2.0
How many launches will take until they remove these curbs? it's almost a weekly occurrence. Someone needs to die first?
You lot really need to junk the sausage kerbs.
liked safety car crash
WTF1 was right
FIA going to run these sausage curbs until someone dies or what??
Nothing wrong with gravel.
The notorious Sausage Kerb strikes again.  I'm guessing someone has to be killed before the FIA tell circuits to remove these things?
Get rid of the whole Monza track
Besides the hate for sausage curbs.....STREAM YOUR RACES LIVE. With so many content creators out there now for racing I dont have time to watch as many older races as I would like. I have live races going on my TV all weekend almost like radio. Just watched the 24H race in Portugal. Like the whole 24hrs were running, I slept on the couch. LOL
Can't believe eurosport put Wimbledon and the tour de France over this.... What a crock of shit
Remove the sausage curbs, they're only making things more dangerous.
Not the first time a sausage kerb turned a minor oopsie into a space program at Monza. Please get rid of them.
Sausage curbs strikes again
Honestly, we have to get rid of sausage kerbs, the are way too dangerous! Crashes like these happen again and again! Monza 3 years ago, nissani in Silverstone last Weekend, Abbie eaton at COTA last year. Just to name a few. Fortunately there was change in the past after heavy accidents! Act NOW!
Sausage kerbs can’t be around much longer. Motorsports are getting way safer but these sausage kerbs a serve no real purpose in my opinion but they cause accidents frequently. Like that F3 crash I believe it was at Monza where the car ran wide hit a sausage kerb and was launched into the fence right next to a marshals post or in F2 last week where one was pushed off track and ramped off the sausage kerb and into the halo of the car that pushed him off and now this.
It's almost like sausage kerbs are dangerous
🏎💨 ✈????
FIA need to be sued by Drivers for attempt to murder.
The sausage Kerbs are going to hurt or kill somebody eventually
BAN THE FUCKEN SAUSAGES FROM TRACKS, DOES SOMEONE HAVE TO DIE FIRST?
Get rid of the sausage kerbs fia. We had a similar crash in F2 where a car was launched into the air and hit another car in sliverstone and a driver could've been killed if it wasn't for the halo. Just add more sensors to the cars to monitor track limits
How many more accidents do we need before the sausage kerbs go?
Remove sausage curbs please!!! they're way too dangerous!
Sausage kerbs have to go
#getridofthesausagekerbs
Please lay down gravel. This is getting really dangerous again.
#cancelthesausagecurbs
NO MORE SAUSAGE CURBS - IN THE BIN THEY GO !
Yeah why is there a curb at the run off?
Blowover
That could been very Nasty FIA is responsable for these Sausage Kerbs For F1 Get Rid Of em Befor someones KiLLed or Seriousely Injured
This is why I DESPISE sausage curbs…  Hopefully the driver is okay
Did his brakes fail?
Get rid of sausage kerbs!
Sausage kerbs need to go
Is the driver okay??
Holy moly!
GET FUCKING RID OF THE SAUSAGE KERBS. GET RID OF THEM
😱
