Well I watched the first episode and have to say it was probably the poorest opening episode for a series of TM  Let hope the series get better
xD
tom allen & richard ayoade please🙂🙂🙂
Don't mind if I do.
Uncensored please!!!
Please, for series 12, don't rush to record and take the time to actually get some people we've heard of...
When will people outside the UK be able to legally watch it?
I can't wait for Lee Mack.
fast turn around. Other shows should take note
Hopefully they send Lee to a steadings to do a task
I cannot wait to watch Lee during the prize task. This is probably the most excited I've ever been for a show!
SPONSORED BY COORS LITE????  Fuckin capitalism.
Ah yes. A reason to keep living.
Like most of your audience, I don't get Channel 4. Maybe tell us when it's coming *here.*
Pleasantly surprised that it'll come out so quickly after the season 10 surely!
Here we have little Alex horn in his natural habitat
Anyone know when this will roughly air?
how soon?
More exactly, when?
Alex looks incredibly sinister 😂
It’s a shame that it’s still impossible to watch All 4 on my iPad, so I don’t be able to see this series.
Sweet tyrant
I literally can’t wait.
When is "soon"?
I can't wait for Lee Mack.  He's so sharp, he will take control of the show and become the Master of the Taskmaster
I hope they allow some studio audience. It really sets the vibe!
😱
Could you imagine if Lee Mack and David Mitchell made the same panel and then they we’re teammates on the group tasks?   It would break Channel 4
But we haven't had CoC2 yet 🤔
Why is CoC not coming first :'( (I know probably because they'd already recorded 11 and potentially haven't been able to record CoC yet but it still feels wrong)
figure out how soon is soon... your time starts now
this'll be an interestingly socially distanced series, but hey it worked just fine last time!
I saw two eps from series 11 and I gotta say: you guys are in for a treat ;D
But we're missing a champions of champions series ????
I wish they could have got david mitchell and rob brydon too
WHEN?!! GIVE ME A DATE, DAMN YOU!!!!
Sad, I dont have access to british television
Lee Mack being on this show is a dream come true.  Now the people I need to do this in the future are: Richard Ayoade, Sean Locke, Miles Jupp, David Mitchell and I can even imagine Rachel Riley taking part in it , would be good entertainment :D
Coming soon to Channel 4 ... and youtube? Please? 🥺
I can't wait to see Mike Wozniak do THINGS
Having Lee Mack on Taskmaster may very well be the best thing this show ahs ever done!
After a recent 8OO10CDC episode some people have asked for Bec Hill to be on Taskmaster. Just dropping that here, maybe Alex will read it ^^
I’ll just wait for Richard Ayoade in the next next Taskmaster then.
Greg making little Alex Horne clean the house in that outfit ??
Yes!!!
Cool, just put it on Youtube so I can watch it in America
When you say soon... WHAT ARE WE TALKING?? WEEKS? MONTHS? I NEED ANSWERS!!
Short, sweet and to the point.. This video is the polar opposite version of the Taskmasters personality.. :D
Like.  Love.  Need.
I was just listening to an interview with Alex last night and Mike Wozniak won the original Taskmaster before it was on TV!
I've watched the entirety of Taskmaster, listened to nearly all the podcasts, and tried a few episodes of the US and NZ bootleg versions, but they just aren't the same without Greg. I'm ready for the greatest show in British comedy to return in full force!
.... Making the mistake of thinking they can cast any four D-listers with one person who most people know.
I pity the fool.
dear taskmaster marketing people,  thank u so much for making this online and free . i think you have introduced so many people to your show and the wonderful world of british comedian panel shows. mwah a lil kith
where is the callcutta?
I can't wait.
Stream free... if you are in the UK, or using a VPN..
But when is it coming to YouTube so I can watch it here in the states?
Coors Light???
Woohooooooo
Yeah! Please post Series 11 (and other missing seasons) here on YouTube. I've watched them all and love the show.
Lee Mack!!
Ed Gamble will find a way to spoil this series, too.
Can we talk about how awesome you guys are for putting this on youtube? Can y'all have some kind of youtube event or donation thing?? I want to PAY FOR THIS CONTENT
Giddy squeels
how soon to channel 4?!?!
Channel 4 soon coming to Task Master
So Stoked for this - we love this show in Canada. Alex you can come live here. Your first task...survive one of our winters.
Gutted Lee Mack has been wasted on a covid era series
I thought the second Champion of Champions series would be next.
YES
What a terrifying prop!
Some men like cheese.
Anyone else find Lee Mack incredibly annoying? I get he has good comedic timing, but sometimes I wish he'd just shut the fuck up.
Yes, I knew S11 would be before CoC 2. So excited can't wait! 😂
I am beyond excited to see Lee Mack! Also, it will be nice to see a Man Down reunion with Greg and Mike!
As an American without access to the program, I applaud this channel for all the hilarious content
How do I watch in the States?
YEEEESSSSSSS I'M READY
SOON? HOW SOON?
Fuck yeah
I love O Fortuna
F*ck yes!
Yeeeees
JESUS CHRIST THIS IS WHAT WE ALL NEED RIGHT NOW!!! YAAAASSSSSSSSS
How soon?
HOW SOON.....I need more info!?
honestly i can't wait to see charlotte richie after fresh meat
lee mack is going to get a clap back from greg with some of his come backs
When is champions of champions part 2? I thought they confirmed the line up!!
So no champions of champions ?
Hot temperate cheese
THIS OCTOPUS LETS GIVE HIM BOOTS  SEND HIM TO NORTH KOREEEAAA
"Sponsored by Coors Light" - I hope we won't hear Greg go "you now have three minutes to grab a fresh can of Coors Light" before the ad breaks?
Earlier than I thought!
Oh yesss. Both Greg and Alex have hinted in interviews that this is gonna be a great one. *Quite* looking forward to this.
Yay I’m glad  Love this show, not a season that I don’t find hilarious (still waiting for a season to top season 7 though lol)
Praise the lord
YAYYY
This'll be the first series I catch as it happens and I can't Wait!!
Literally anything will be an improvement over season 10 cast
I don't find Lee Mack funny, he's a bit too much of an attention seeker on panel shows.  I don't hate him.
give us a date you cowards!!!
I'm willing to bet Lee will be Rhod Gilbert 2.0: flunking tasks in name of comedy or just panicking in various moments. I know it seems his wit will carry him but I thought the same about Acaster and we saw what happened.
Lee Mack is going to dominate this show.
Rhys James for series 12?
how soon? you forgot to put a date on
What about champion of champions 2?!
Will it be available for viewing in the EU?
Look upon my minions' works and despair.
Yessss
I'm so ready! Lost count the amount of times I've watched the series. Excited for the new season to start!
I'M SO EXCITED BUT THIS TELLS ME NOTHING
How soon is soon?
Soon like next week soon or what?
Is series 9 coming soon? I can't find anywhere to watch it.
Lee Mack!!
I'm screaming my lungs out!!!!!
The Question from the non UK fans though - On the channel as well in then near future?
Have they run so low on comedians?  tbh Lee and Jamali are great, the others i had to look up and even then only recognised one
i dont get channel 4 here.  Is it also comming soon to this channel?
Mike Wozniak?  The green dude from Monsters Inc?!  AMAAAZING!
When?? :o
Brilliant!
Everyone talking about Lee Mack winning this series, but he will just be incredibly witty with lightning fast responses for comedic effect, but in the end he plays it like he's a proper idiot.
Lee Mack? Man, that's great! He will either be really great or real shit at this 😀
Hopefully the contestants don't abuse Alex Horne this season.
WHAT IS SOON WHEN
Lee mack? oh god. Also question to the taskmaster YT channel. Are you also going to upload the episodes here? Because im dutch and i dont have channel 4. I love and enjoy this show.
Alex in the jester outfit is perfect.
March 18th or 25th.
Where can Americans buy a legal stream of this show... I just wanna watch it during the live release...
Yaaaaas!  It was literally yesterday that I was checking the TM wikipedia looking for when it starts and it DIDN'T TELL ME! Widdicombe's story about the letter about his kid and living the best life ever made me cry. Your time starts now!!
Omfg it’s Christmas, my birthday and all the freaking happiness together!!!
and yet the Jester holds all the power.
LEE MACK!!!!!!!!!!! I AM SO EXCITED!!!!!!
"Coming soon" are the two most infuriating words in television. Just say when it will be on.
Coming soon, except to half the western world which it’s blocked in
Jamali Maddix will spoil it He's as funny as dose of piles
When is c of c coming?
Little Jester Horne!
Discovering Taskmaster in 2020 was the best thing that happend to me last year! I'm so excited for next series, I can hardly wait!!!
So hyped for this one! Lee Mack on Taskmaster, should be a sight to behold 🔥
Cannot wait
OK but champion of champions though???
No special with the last 5 winners? ☹️
Wow that quick!
Why is it sponsored by Coors light?
The "O Fortuna" from Carmina Burana? Are you implying that Greg will be toppled? (Can't help thinking of the wheel of fortune that is printed on the cover of the score ...)
And once Lee resoundingly wins the series and is crowned champion, I expect him to unmask his face with a medieval flourish and reveal that it was David Mitchell all along.
Coming soon is more annoying than them saying nothing
I'm ready to watch it and rewatch it on endless repeat just like the rest of this show
Look at Little Alex Horne, being a good boy...... QUICKER
Yes please.
Shame I only get channel 1-3 up here
So exciting!
I am worried about Greg because of Lee Mack.
Yesssssss
LETS GOOOOO
Yes thank you very much oh dear Lord Greg Davies
10 views, 22 comments. Hmm
LITTLE ALEX HORNE!
Yeeeeee
I don’t recall there being a sword-based task. Perhaps there will be?
Yessssss
Ooooh
Finally some good fucking food
Yay!!!!!!
THANKS FOR THE UPDATE
Stay calm, gentlemen. It's coming
HYPE
OMG YES
Yaaas King!    I mean Lord. Lord.
Pleasantly surprised that it'll come out so quickly after the season 10
who are the contestants?
Yay
Hell yes!
Hola peeps. Who’s excited????
Woohoo!
WHO
Yay :D
