More David Marks, less Mike Love.
The beach boy better than the Beatles
its gonna be a MIKE LOVE loveletter i just know it. no regard for Brian or the rest of the band.
Rip Brian Wilson
I’m surprised Disney didnt race swap them
Lately I'm disgusted by your products and your tendencies, but this documentary was brilliant.  Thank you ❤
1:13 what a ridiculous statement 🤦🤦
Rip brian wilson ❤ forever a beach boy ❤
The Beach Boys music became even more meaningful to me after I joined the U.S.A.F. on March 22, 1968 just of our high school. Just after the TET Offensive, this was a challenging time for our USA.  Separated from family during basic training, straight to tech school. Listening to their music in the barracks connected and we thought of home. Deployed twice, and again we turned to our music for connection.
RIP
Rest in peace Brian 💔😭🤍
Rest in peace Brian. We love you
One of the greatest bands ever
This needs to be a 3 hour movie.
I love the beach boys, I'm glad I grew up with these guys
Carl was the glue of the Beach Boys in the 70's and de facto leader. Voice of an angel  - the youngest brother never get's the credit he deserves so am hoping this will feature his enormous contribution to the very sound of this iconic band
Wonder if they'll add Charles Manson lol
Not a huge fan of surf music, but their harmonies cant be beat. The textures.... Sad that brian gets forced into the spotlight at 80. Let him rest
It was good but played it a bit safe...
Love The Beach Boys ❤
I had The Beach Boys Box set, the man was too far ahead of his time that's why he was often so misunderstood.  So many folks loved their music as well.  The Bee Gees, Beatles, Elton John.  David Marks got a second chance in his own way, unlike Pete Best.
Who is here after Ray william johnson
Rey William brought me here😮
Oh cool a beach boys movie!  Oh its by Disney... Nevermind
The Beach boys were brilliant but couldn't touch the Beatles, both were different sounds so no need to compare them IMO.
*Love & Mercy is better*
Wow, Disney made a movie without color swapping anyone?
Didn't expect a docs for singers
Nice!
Saw them in 1963 in Davenport Iowa, 1993 in Provo Utah and going to see them in Indianapolis on July 6, 2024!🏄‍♂🌊🌅🌝
Seems a little shallow. Hope I'm wrong
I've loved the Beach Boys since the age of 5, and Pet Sounds is as close to perfection as any album can be.
Charlie was my favorite beach boy
What a great sound  So unique when music was art.
It's always someone's dad who ruins everything 😂
The Beach Boys and Paul Revere and the Raiders were the 2 best American '60s groups.
Can’t stand docos when they have a bunch of people giving their 2c about what they liked or thought about them, not interested in their view, let the music and history speak for itself.
Walt Disney's favorite band!
❤❤❤
They didn't do nothing g but steal music
What a feeling it is to learn that the band you grew up with, the Beach Boys lived just a few streets away.  Played little league in their back yard at Holly Park, learned to swim at Hawthorne High School.  Never knowing they were so close.  Last two times I went to see the Boys play I had women hitting on me.  They couldn't help but notice I knew all the words and the timing to all their music.  Somehow they found attraction in that.  In my own world at the time just soaking in the sound the thrill of being their.  My heart tells me there is one last Beach Boys album coming, with new music, not unfinished.  What better shot in the arm could there be in this day and time.  So much love....
Another boring self congratulatory navel gazing movie
M A G A
Brian Wilson WAS The Beach Boys. Mike Love was a douchebag hanger on.
This was an amazing documentary. Thank you Disney for something quality for once!
I remember that they were compared often to the Beatles.
Disrespectful to not include Brian. This isn't The Beach Boys if no Brian.
Regurgitated, exhausted, but good for any new ears. Movie only offered three seconds of unseen smile session tapes from the fire sessions.
Hope they highlight the tyranny of the father.
discovered their songs through regular show. cant wait for this
Id love to know what song is playing at the end on the beach?
I've watched it! I'm a Gen Xer! BEATLES fan! It was FANTASTIC! #musicislife
I sure hope it is not all fluff, should be a warts and all - also, provide an understanding of how Pet Sounds is now recognized as one of the greatest albums ever released.  Lastly, I sure hope that they recognize Glen Campbell's contributions.
Ooohh I'm watching this tonight.  I hope they have plenty of studio vocal stuff.  I love their sound
ITS SCARY TO THINK THAT THEY PARTIED WITH CHARLES MANSON...
Saw The Beach Boys September 21, 1964 in concert with Brian, Dennis, Carl, Mike, and Al onstage wearing red and white striped shirts. Played at the Civic Coliseum in Knoxville, TN. Fabulous performance!
Dissapointing
This is hilarious.
the Beatles could play all the instruments in the recording studio...the Beach Bums not so much....lol
This looks like a documentary I would rather see an actual movie
Brian was tortured by his father that’s why he couldn’t hear out of one of his ears   Also, he hated the beach and cheated continuously on his women  All of their songs were dreams not truth
smile
Since im elementary I love the beach boys music because there music is cool
There's no surprises. But it's a really, really, loving bookend to a career that's seen them break free of their original image, go through some tough times, and then make peace with it. Along the way, making the most ground breaking pop ever. I wish Dennis and Carl could've seen this.
Carl reaching for his pack of cigarettes..They have killed So Many wonderful & Talented people
Not a bad documentary but disappointing. Nothing really new covered and it was a bit boring.
They coulda make The Beach Boys movie they coulda make it into a movie
It was a time of Ampex vs Studer on the recording end. Then George Martin did things his way.
I enjoyed it it was done by the same creator of how to mend a broken heart Bee Gees story
Three best albums : endless Summer, pet sounds, Ashland Surf’s up
Considering how kids are growing up on screens (of social media) and only building their self worth via those quickie platforms.... Western society is DOOOOOOOooooooooooOOOOooomed! This shows how we really did have a GOLDEN ERA where things were getting better and better until about the 90s.... Now things are rapidly declining for social, human interaction.
Saw them in San Diego and Cincinnati.  It's great to be there and absorb.  For a couple of hours you can remember that era and the way it was.
I just watched this earlier today. It was really good. I loved it.
Chucky Manson was actually the founding member of The Beach Boys
not much new in the documentary and the really gloss over some stuff
where's Uncle Jessie ?lol
Somewhere in the late 1960s, my cousin and I snuck in to a soundcheck of theirs, and we (very) briefly tossed a frisbee around with them.  Dennis and Carl were still part of the band at that time.  I went up to the stage to see the gear, and saw a kind of ribbon controller with notes marked off in what I assume was White-Out or similar paint, for Mike Love to slide his finger up and down more precisely, when they did "Good Vibrations".  Many years later, I received an e-mail from the device's maker - Tom POlk - informing me that I was correct.  A theremin was used for the studio recording but was too imprecise for gig performance, so Tom's "tannerin" was devised to do the job.
The fact that this came out today when yesterday was the last day of school is PERFECT!!!
A group of living legends
I'm surprised they're making this. it's about a bunch of white people.
Lets hope the Mike Love aspect to the band is toned down considering how he struggled with Brians genius by doing the music he could hear that no one else could create. Mike's whole career ended up being reliant on Brians music.
Just listening to the beach boys and I think to myself, "oh man, I wonder if there's a good documentary about The Beach Boys" and I look it up just to find this!                And it so happens to come out tomorrow!!!!
In a sense, musicians appreciate the Beach Boys more than the general public. Musicians that sit down and listen to the songs, know how complex chords and key changes in their music, while also sounding simple.
Finally! :D
Participating.....that's it!
I’m a huge Beach Boys fan, i have easily like 8 or 9 years listening to The Beach Boys, i’m excited!
JAN AND DEAN into the Rock and Roll HOF !!!!
I have two autographed albums of the Beach Boys ❤ #LuckyMe🤙😁
Needs more Shortenin Bread
Stoner music
The Beach Boys were not even 1/40th of what the Beatles were... absolutely no comparison.
Their Sunflower album in 1970 is really good
God I love the beach boys
no way they do this then automatically release the beatles let it be trailer after..
i LOVE The Beach Boys.
A whole chapter perhaps on "Looking Back With Love"?
WOW!!! This documentary on Disney plus & The Stax documentary on HBO premiering on the same day? I'm going to watch lots of awesome musical docs throughout the weekend.
First heard them in Regular Show 🔥
#Justice4Bruce
THANK YOU, DISNEY!!!!
I WANT TO SEE THAT!!!!   WHAT A TOTALLY AWSOME MOVIE!!!!1
You know, we could all be celebrating and saying "Yay, disney is making series about our History!!" but then I remember that she's helping to erase it. 😑  So no thanks..
Catch a wave 🏄🧡
Disney plot twist, the boys are actually girls
2:21
Lol😂😂😂😂😂😂
I was hoping Disney would have done an all black non binary trans cast to play the beach boys.
Excited for this but, why is Mike Love the main person interviewed in the trailer? 🤔
Let's hope that this doc finally gives Charles Mason the attention he deserves on Disney+
Drove downtown in the rain Nine-thirty on a Tuesday night Just to check out the late-night record shop.
When life was far more simple!
A única banda a bater de frente com os Beatles e até superá-los, máximo respeito aos lendários Beach Boys e ao mestre Brian Wilson!
Wilson was undoubtedly a Pop genius of sorts, but it was Spector who brought a "new texture" to radio first.
oh god, they got my glove for this. This is gonna be interesting
Man, I cannot wait to see this.
They suck
If this is only from the perspective of Mike Love and doesn't include Brian Wilson, this isn't The Beach Boys.
I’m surprised they didn’t gender an race swap this they are doing it everywhere else
Greatest American band.
I guess I'm just surprised the Beach Boys aren't race swapped, gender swapped, and/or sexuality swapped according to the trailer.  I suppose that could all be in the final production but the trailer doesn't give any indication of it.
Every time I listen to Pet Sounds I get the chills. I so relate to Brian and his mental health struggles mixed with being a creative. I don't often look up to famous people, but he's an exception.
I love the footage of Brian in the studio - he's just in the zone
Can’t wait for this one. My dad was a huge Beach Boys fan. My first album I ever bought was Pet Sounds back in 87, when I was still in Elementary School. Definitely one of my if not my favorite band of all time. Carl will always be my favorite BB
Hope they don't gloss over Brian's story, and how Mike Love sucks
Does anyone think of they will cover the utter controversy with a certain Manson or will it shy away from that particular scandal? It’s Disney so I don’t truly know, for they will tackle similar subjects sometimes and other times, not. I guess we will see.
One of my favorite music groups! 😃 I can't wait to watch this! 😃
MY GOATS
The Beatles before The Beatles.
I hear these guys and I taste surf. They are the OG SoCal.
I wonder if this’ll involve the story behind “never learn not to love”
My family and I loved The Beach Boys, they looks very nice, fabulous and amazing. They like to sing a songs “Little Deuce Coupe”, “Be True to Your School”, “Catch a Wave”, “Fun, Fun, Fun”, “I Get Around”, “Dance, Dance, Dance”, “California Girls”, “When I Grow Up (To Be a Man)” and “Kokomo”.
now how about a jan and dean documentary
I can believe Disney isn't trying to make the Beach Boys all African Americans lol!
The Beach Boys are my heros !
Little know fact, the Beach Boys made the single greatest Christmas album of all time....
Beach boys doco and only one beach boy interviewed? At least buy the rights to old Brian Wilson interviews… this seems exploitative
No John Stamos? ;-)
Heck yeah!
where's Brian?
I've been boycotting Disney. I wish another studio put this out.
Can we get The Monkees, Bee Gees and Franky Vali and The Four Seasons
I hope Kokomo appears in the documentary, I like that song.
Just listen to the music, this sucks.
Disney needs to be requested by either a movie studio or record company (such as Capitol) to work together on a new project on the BB’s! 😊❤
I worked on this. meeting Al Jardine was one of the highlights of my film career thus far.
Disney wants to abuse children.
I gotta rewatch Love & Mercy for this
Damn it, Disney, the few times you make an interesting movie, and you just put it for your Damn overrated stream service .
Love them! Can't wait to watch!
Third time the same subject matter... i have the American Band DVD and it's enough
Amazing.
Nope, no Disney films.
1985: The Beach Boys: An American Band 1998: Endless Harmony 2024: The Beach Boys (Disney+)  Every generation deserves a retelling of the Beach Boys story.
lol the Beatles did not need The Beach Boys.
Look at Disney+ trying to get me to re-activate my subscription...
Pet sounds and smile- 2 of the best albums I’ve ever heard
6 decades? What? Who? Which line-up? What a mess.. complete with interviews.. featuring Mike. Can hardly wait.
I couldn't believe that a documentary about the Beach Boys was coming to Disney+. I couldn't believe it. I actually listened to the Beach Boys before I listened to The Beatles back in the mid-2010's. My first song from the Beach Boys was *Help Me Rhonda* .
i thought it was logan paul on the holding image
"GOD ONLY KNOWS WHAT I'D BE WITHOUT YOU!" 💔😭
Please god watch LOVE AND MERCY, it’s the the closest thing to a factual beach boy movie you’re ever gonna get
Why not make a biopic, instead of a documentary it would be legendary
Literally cannot wait!! Love The Beach Boys ❤
This brand-new film could be from the creators of Hot Potato: The Story of The Wiggles.
I enjoyed a lot of the Beach Boys songs, my parents do too and somehow, Good Vibrations was added to Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation. Also, since and because this documentary is coming to Disney Plus, Surfin' Safari became a Disney Re-Micks clip and God Only Knows played during a trailer for Toy Story 4. I will include Surfin' Safari in Time Shift when my character have a paradise bash in a ball during their beautiful vacation in Hawaii.
They don't make them like this anymore.
we will be watching
@01:44  Why was it that this Beach Boys song, sound similar to The Beatles’ Now and Then?!
Totally watching that
Let's talk about 'Sunflower'. 🌻
Superserie that Disney havent replaced the beach boys with black actors
My first observation is that there are mike love interviews and none with Brian.  Red Flag
BABABA BARBARA ANN BABABA BARBARA AAAANNNNN TAAAAKKKKEEE MY HAAAAAANNNNDDD
Mike Love is a sorry mess and just milking the name. The performances are awful now.
I have to watch this
To whom ever produced this trailer and visual identity: the logo reveal swipe at the end that turns the circle into a sunset and beach reference is perfect. 10/10 execution!
For some reason I thought that was Big Time Rush on the thumbnail and got extremely confused
Brian is conspicuously absent from the interview footage.
Oh my goodness!:)😍 i can't wait to watch that,and I would love to be able to see them live🥰 bucket list kind of concert 🏖️much love from the middle of America ✌️🩵🤩
Don’t want to hear from Mike Love
Wonder if they’ll include the part when Dennis Wilson let the Manson family stay at his house a whole summer
Im shocked Disney is putting out something that looks good
ANOTHER MID BIOPIC COMING OUR WAY!
This has been long overdue, honestly. Freaking love there music, to the moon & back❤❤❤
on my birthday <3
I can’t wait! I love The Beach Boys music!
Rush Hour introduced me to The Beach Boys.  “Now can you do that to The Beach Boys?”
The movie I really dig about em is Love And Mercy, it’s a great film about their peak in 1966
My grandpa met The Beach Boys when they were just starting out and he said they were so friendly and sweet. It's something he will always remember and is proud to tell people about
Besides sounds of Motown and Elvis I’d say The Beach Boys captures that Americana sound
Y’all gonna hide this from the world too like you did Peter Jackson’s Beatles film?!
if there were the Beach Boys now there are Greta van Fleet ... they also will be remembered ... ! Every Decade has his Legends
Beach Boys > Beatles.
I speak for everyone in the music industry, any comparison to the Beatles is ridiculous. The Beatles turned out to be one of the best bands of all time, while the Beach Boys were singing about girls and surfing.
May 24!! That’s my birthday !!
How exciting. Saw them on the 50th anniversary tour ❤❤❤🎉
Na thx..a Brian Wilson documentary YES...not this
Looks great but happy not to watch it on Disney. Go woke, go broke.
Whenever I listen to The Beach Boys, I feel at peace!
Getting their due but let’s get a look at their late 60s to late 70s run!
cant wait
I'm not a huge Beach Boys fan but I love some of the points made in this trailer: they and the Beatles needed each other (definitely pushed and challenged each other), they had amazing vocals, developed cutting-edge instrumentation, captured people's imaginations (I definitely felt a need to visit CA when I heard their songs).  Legit.
I hope they give Carl Wilson some due credit too, man what a voice.  Carried the band for a long time from what I have read.
So there have been other well done documentaries about The Beach Boys, how is this different?  And no new interviews with Brian?  I will still watch as I’m a huge fan, just a little dubious.
Love and Mercy already exists?
🤮
Looking forward to seeing this 🏖️🎶
Beach Boys are better than The Beatles and that's a fact
Most of the Beach Boys' music I don't care for, but Pet Sounds is, in my opinion, one of the best albums ever. I look forward to the documentary.
top 5 arguably top 3 artists/groups for me. I really hope Brian is more involved with this than Mike
My dad who passed away 2 years ago was the biggest fan of the Beach Boys , He always told me that Brian Wilson was the best song writer  in Rock .  I wish he could see this documentary
I love The Beach Boys but this looks incredibly basic. Their rise to popularity isn’t the interesting part.
Ojala aparesca mark foster ya que el es muy fan de the beach boys
While I *love* The Beach Boys I've lost count of how many documentaries I've seen about them over the last 30+ years. Makes you wonder what, if any, new ground could possibly be unearthed in this new one, especially with Disney at the helm. Also, with the exception of the group members themselves and Hal Blaine I didn't recognize any of the other people shown in the trailer giving their five cents on the group and their music. Overall the trailer doesn't scream "must see" to me. 🤷‍♀️
I wonder why John Stamos isn’t in this? He is a big fan
Why can't people just let go of the 1960s and the 1970s?
Dennis Wilson was almost part of the manson family.
Coming from Disney I’m surprised they didn’t make The Beach Boys five black lesbian women
One of the greatest ever
I worry about these talking head type of documentaries... probably not going to be anything of substance in this one.
Wait, didn't they do this film 10 years ago?   Oh wait, that was a biopic about Brian starring an amazing cast (Cusack, Banks, Giamatti).
Beach Boys was criminally overlooked by my generation (genX) in the 70s/80s. I believe it was because we thought of it as too goofy. Like the early Pink Floyd etc. We just didn`t take them serious. It was a Boomer thing.
I heard Pet Sounds for the first time while on vacation in California. The combination really brought the music to life for me and I've never been the same.   God Bless Brian Wilson. That Lucky Old Sun is a hidden gem too!
Not me clicking knowing there would be something Beatles related 😂
This needs to be Brian Wilson's take, not Mike Love. Dude is an absolute hack.
make everybody hate mike love again
Charles manson wrote a beach boys song
Wonder how much of the Smile sessions they'll cover in this
I'm so happy for this movie to come out. My favorite band times infinity! My favorite album is Pet Sounds and it changed my life!
Brian didn’t participate in this? That’s a shame.
Absolute crime if Disney Girls or Amusement Park USA doesn't get used in the docco.
First The Beatles now The Beach Boys let's goo you better did this right Disney
This is going to be Fun, Fun, Fun! Looking forward to this amazing documentary of an amazing group.
Got nothing against these guys, but just feel like they are a California-style Beatles group.
Not a fan of Disney but I've been a HUGE fan of The Beach Boys since I was a small child in the 70s. I've seen various forms of the band over the years in concert and even saw their 50th Anniversary tour. I can't wait for this!!
When was this annouced, I remember reading something about it last year/
Ill put money on Manson never once being mentioned in this entire documentary.
Yes!!<3
At least theres some real value here. Too bad Disney is distributing. The Beach Boys will forever be a part of my music catalog.
Can’t wait let’s go ❤😂🎉😢😮😅
"YOU KNOW ITS TRUE BOY LOVER.. NO MORE PAT EACH OTHER ON THE BACK OSCAR RITUALS.. *SLAP*"
CANT WAIT FOR AI MOVIES.. SEVERAL GOOD MOVIES FOR EVERY SUBJECT LOL MAKE YOUR OWN
Beach Boys vs The Beatles is the whitest beef ever
i wonder if disney has the guts to mention charles manson in this documentary...
Disney G rated treatment I’m sure
Beach boys>>>Beatles
Geniuses
Went to the same High School as these guys
Even a documentary about the Beach Boys is woke, DEI loaded. All the commenters are WAY out of their genre and probably NEVER listened to a radio station that played the Beach Boys. It's like, let's copy what they do on YouTube, grab some people of color who are hearing "Led Zeppelin" for first time and their reaction. Such crap. This would have SO much more CREDS with commentary from those in the business who were in and around at the time the Beach Boys were popularizing their music on the radio waves. McCartney, Jagger, Clapton, Richards, anyone from the Police, Motown artists of the day. Disney fails again.
Una de mis bandas favoritas, tengo 46 años y cuando los escuche cuando apenas tenia 8 años me engancharon de inmediato..
I'm team Chuck Berry, but I can appreciate Brian Wilson too. I hope they acknowledge all the influences and maybe even the law suits
Wow, something from Disney I'd actually like to see
Got excited till I saw Disney. Pass.
This looks awesome. I can't wait to watch it, but not on Disney+.
2:03 time traveling Bill Burr??
Knowing Disney, they'll find a way to screw it up.
Too many talking heads spoil the documentary.   Should've kept it (outsiders) to a minimum.
Hope they will cover how they STOLE CHUCK BERRY´S music
Please retire.
Why on Disney- 🙃
Leave bands be, lets hear the music and why can't original films be made
beach boys documentary in 2024 whaaaat
I’m surprised to not see John stamos talking in this especially since it’s on Disney. Besides full house his life is Disney and The Beach Boys.
This looks overly positive and happy about a band with a fairly dark history...
Instant tears. Makes me think of my dad.
My beautiful boys
I really hope shortnin bread is in this. It deserves to get its story told
I’m nine hundred and ninety nine percent sure this is also somehow going to end up woke as hell!
Mike love did it   the end
“I get around” is still one of my favorite songs of all time. I can’t wait to watch this!
Saw the BB circa 1977 in Daytona Beach. Enjoyed it a lot. Not an expert on their history, but I did live during that history, along with all the other bands/singers they are making movies about now. I already know whatever I know about the BB, Queen, Doors etc and I’m fine with my scope of knowledge on each subject. I might find a tidbit here and there I didn’t know, but I think any movie (dramatized) will imbrue rather than enhance my valued memory of any of them. Besides any moviemaker (corporate studio) is likely to subject the story to Revisionist History. That said, it’s good for say younger folks to get a little more than a Wikipedia version. (Even in entertsinment ‘To not know what happened before you were born is to remain forever a child’ (Cicero)
Those THEIVES stole their whole sound from Chuck Berry
This looks like it will be a ‘must-see’ doc… hopefully the makers didn’t gloss-over or shy away from certain parts of their fabulous story 🤞
Drown Drown I get a drowned  I get drowned. (as a Beach Boy).
In Disney's version they all will be woke girlbosses that teaches men twice their size how to fight.
Wait, so Mike Love is the only Beach Boy who was interviewed? Pass.
Charles Manson aproved
DONT MENTION THE DRUGS OR BRIANS BIG BED
Got to have gay and trans in the cast.
I think that Bruce Johnston was the KEY Beach Boy.  Without him, the whole organization would fall flat.  Check out the vids of the genius Bruce in the early 80's in his tidy whitie shorts on stage with the Boys.  Look at his moves to go along with the wondrous voice.  You just can NOT top that for gangsta Rock n Roll.  Bruce Johnston - the absolute BEST BEACH BOY!!
"Wouldn't it be nice" has been entirely ruined in the UK recently thanks to a certain advert. Hopefully the ad goes off the air soon
This was before my time but I love documentaries about music era or artist of a certain time past or present
Boooooooooooooooring.
soo i wonder who exactly this is for, if youre a fan, you already know all this already, and looking back their sound is actually very niche, as smart as their music is, it didnt have nearly as far of reach as the Beatles, who are beloved world wide to this day, most people dont even know who the beach boys are nowadays, and this docu probably will only help a smidge.
Love it+
I can’t wait to see this. I hope they do the band justice telling their story.
So a Beach Boys doc without Brian Wilson? Got it. 🤐
It would be crazy if they go into detail about Dennis Wilson becoming brief friends with Charles Manson
I love the beach boys. I cannot wait. Such a complex band with a wild history
Beach boys were so obnoxious and gimmicky. It’s so annoying that they are even remotely put it the same category as The Beatles…
........a big fan....
Wish this wasn't on Disney+......this should be on a more mainstream platform
I didn’t see any current interviews with Brian in this trailer. Any idea if he’s involved in it?
yayyyy i love the beach boys :3
Is Brian Wilson in this? I hope this covers their work with Little Richard as well as the lawsuit with Chuck Berry
i would totally be interested in a beach boys movie but not by Disney.
Well I hope "Disney Girls" is on the sound track!
I’m so excited for this!
Good morning!  It's already Thursday again this week.   I hope the rest of the week brings you good health and good things.  And always support your beautiful/attractive activities. ^^
All my homies love The Beach Boys
Is this a prequel to “Love and Mercy”?
THE BEST BAND OF ALL TIME
My father was a huge Beach Boys fan. If it wasn't for him i wouldn't know who this band was. I don't see why Disney is doing a documentary of The Beach Boys, i hope they don't screw this up like all their tv series. I'm not a fan of Disney but if the Documentary good then I'll watch it to remember my dad that passed.
Lets hope Disney doesn't screw this up like everything else they touch.
May?! It looks like it's done already
Disney not going to race swap The Beach Boys?
I was born in 78 but my parents raised me on the Beach Boys. I saw them every time they came to the area. I've followed their ups and downs but nothing, and I mean NOTHING says summer at the beach like their music. It's absolutely timeless. I play endless summer for my kids and the look in their eyes when their music plays is the same one I used to get. One that reflects joy, love, summer, and youth.  I can't wait to see this
This movie might be decent if I didn’t have to listen to the screechy squeally beach boys ..
seem these guys 4 times and never was disappointed, in Oakland California they sang California Girls with Chicago and the song was almost stopped by security cause they thought the second deck was gonna break apart for the 1000,s of screaming and dancing of the people going nuts and i was in the middle with my X wife  and loved it
I thankfully got see them perform at my small toys canafest in 2019
I can't wait for Walt Disney to make a documentary about Woodstock  and Grateful Dead.
If this doesn't result in the immediate arrest of Mike Love for his treatment of Brian Wilson and seven decades of unchecked douchebaggery, this documentary is a failure.
Everyone, we still have the best biopic of all time to turn to if this isn’t good.
this is gonna be amazing
Is this the year Disney becomes good again?
Wouldn't it be nice is SUCH a beautiful song, man
it will be interesting to see WHOS version of events is on display in the doc. There are not three sides to there story but 5 and Mike Love has got to great lengths to sell his side of it. Will be interesting.
Interesting. I am not sure this movie brings anything new to dedicated fans though. Is it just going to be about the Sixties? Will it talk about the creative achievements of Sunflower and the impact its commercial failure had on the group? Will there be any mention of Brian's 70's opus, "Love You"? I am just skeptical.
Oh, brother. The most overrated ‘60’s band of all time.
The Beach Boys and everyone and Brian Wilson’s leadership of the group will forever I mean forever live on and change lives. I was born 1994 and have loved the group since my dad showed me them when I was 10 years old. Their music is magic
Damn… I’ve seen all of this on different YouTube videos.  It’s all there …
A good documentary covering music pioneers? Straight to Disney plus   Pandering garbage that's forgotten as soon as you see it? GIVE IT 8 WEEK RUN IN CINEMAS!!!!
Surprised they didn't make them female to be honest.
There is no doubt in mind that there would never be a Sgt. Peeper if the Beach Boys had not put out Pet Sounds first. Paul McCartney would be the first to tell you that Pet Sounds put the fear of God in the Beatles.
Where is Brian? I hope they don't exclude the part about how Mike Love limited his artistic vision.
I am Such a Huge Beach Boy Fan!!!!
Ah man, wish it was streaming now..
Comments from people who were born fifty years too late.
i hope they go into brians relationship with charles manson
Brian Wilson is an absolute genius. Listen to his album, Smile, it’s a masterpiece
i am going to wait Intel this movie be available on blue ray after it be on disney plus lake what they did with one of thare  star wars show
the very first time herd i get around was in the movie look who's talking
Loved the Beach Boys growing up but not getting another subscription just to see their documentary !! Put it in theatres FIRST !!
Pet Sounds is a work of art. None of the Beatles records could match it.
Boomer bait
Oh I'm gonna love thiiiiiis
Mike love ruined the band kicking out brian wilson.  Brian was best voice of band
Just note that only one of the men pictured was an actual surfer.
Besides, there should be a documentary about Brian Wilson and his family and not the other way around…..
My parents loved the Beach Boys so much that my self and my twin brother are named after 2 of them Bryan and Dennis.
I had a white Beach Boys tape in the mid 80s that I played while I would play soccer in my backyard on freshly cut grass. The memories and nostalgia of their music is huge for me. I want to live in their time. The American Dream. Fav Songs: Girl Don't Tell Me, Don't Worry Baby, You're So Good To Me.
Getcha back
I'd go to the local record store and purchase the latest 45s that were being played on the radio (as well as albums). Still have them to this day. RIP Carl and Dennis, both were taken too soon. 🎶♥️
Brace for Brian stans.
I'd love to see but I don't ef with Disney anymore.
First The Beetles, Then the Beach Boys what's gonna be next for Disney The Who, The Rolling stones, Green day? AC/DC, Van Halen, Nirvana? Its ok. I'm not mad. I was just joking around.
Disney longs to return to DCA 1.0.
Comparing The Beach Boys with Beatles.. ehm, what?
Bermuda Bahama come on pretty mama...🎶
Only reason I clicked on this was because I thought i saw Kendall Schmidt from big time rush in the thumbnail as the first person holding a surf board . Crazy
Brian Wilson was the true genius of the Beach Boys. ❤
"It's the beach boys" jackie chan
Amazing band ❤
Brilliant.
Put this in theaters Disney you cowards.
They really had some good songs man
After Berry had his lawyers send a letter to The Beach Boys threatening a law suit for copyright infringement, The Beach Boys wisely admitted the clear similarities and offered to avoid litigation by giving Berry the songwriting credit for “Surfin' USA,” thus avoiding an embarrassing lawsuit.
I'll be ready. Anyone knows when this will be available in the Netherlands? Sometimes its a little different than Other parts in the world
If this is anything like 'get back' it will be another banger! I know this is a different format but still.
"Ah, Beach Boys. Very good American music." - Jackie Chan
I can already tell the empty trite insights from these modern musicians and historians are gonna ruin this. This doc isn’t a dollar short, but it’s unfortunately a day late.
My son, who has Down Syndrome is going to enjoy this, he loves the Beach Boys music, as does my wife. I know how influential the BB were and I do like some of their songs but as a Brooklyn boy who grew up in their heyday, I couldn't relate to the image they created in song. As a kid, I thought New York was the center of the universe and for better or worse, my opinions about music were dogmatic and intractable. I'm not aware of why I developed such a strong attitude about music but the Beach Boys weren't on my radar. Years later, I came to understand the genius of Brian Wilson and why the group was so popular. I'm looking forward to watching this documentary.
I am a huge fan, I can wait to see this!!! The Beach Boys are boss
Greatest rock band of all time
Mike Love makes my skin crawl to this day...
What a joke...Only one of the surfed and the only reason the terrible drummer got in the band was because Brian Wilson's daddy insisted on giving the troublesome little brother a role....lol.
Why is it there is frequently a controlling parent that ruins the talented child? Brian Wilson, Michael Jackson, Macaulay Culkin, and so on.
Its about time. Brian Wilson is The Beach Boys.... Genius .
I can't believe Disney didn't cast women to play The Beach Boys
How can it be a "definitive" documentary when they didn't even talk to Brian Wilson? Without Brian Wilson, the Beach Boys are just another mediocre and short-lived "surf act." Brian is the visionary, the genius, the creator of the sound. "Pet Sounds" is arguably the most beautiful popular music album of the mid-1960s and "God Only Knows" the most beautiful love song ever written. It takes my breath away every time I hear it.
No mention of Ding Dang or Rollin Up To Heaven???
Why does it have to be on Disney+🙄 I miss the days without streaming services
If bands updated their names they would be the Beach Grandads 😂
1:43 - Acapella version in Bioshock infinite.
i was really excited, unitl i got to the end and saw it was going to be only on Disney+, dam same.
Now Disney is going to ruin The Beach Boys?? Nooooo!!!! I hate disney so much right now
Sorry, but you cannot seriously compare the Beatles to any other group, like comparing Michael Jordan to a high school basketball player, The Beach Boys not in the same league, no one was.
A Beach Boys documentary with no Brian Wilson in the doc? 🤔
technically the very first emo band.. no seriously they are
Keep taking my money!
Another time where we all think that our favorite old band is getting a movie of their story… but its always a documentary.
Mike Love remains the Antichrist.
1:14 Absolutely nonsensical question.
Looking forward to this. I really hope Dennis receives the credit he deserves. Pacific Ocean Blue is such a great album.
THE EDITING AND MIXING of this trailer!!  is amazing~
Rather if Disney was not in charge of the film, have no desire to to see It because of it, political woke company that doesn’t make good films anymore.
Lets see: Heavy narration by Mike Love...and no visible participation from Brian...  This does not bode well.
A Beach Boys Documentary made by Disney?! Can't Wait to watch it and learn about the Ronettes or Diana Ross and The Supremes!
My favourite band since i was 15 years old
I LOVE YOU BRIAN
I believe it's really hard for actual geniuses to deal with all the stupidness around them...
Brian Wilson is a genius he went through severe depression and made some of the best material ever made.
This will catch a lot of people, good move, can't deny.
No 'Pet Sounds' without 'Rubber Soul'  No 'Sgt. Pepper' without 'Pet Sounds'  Everybody won.
will this cover how Charles Manson wrote for them as well?
😊
🥳
This is going to be fun, fun, fun. And fascinating.
Wilson > Lennon
I wonder if they're going to cover the Beach Boys later abums and the darker side of the group (Abuse from their dad, addiction, Brian's mental health issues etc)
Disney did a good ????????
Oh well I'll find somewhere to watch it at some point.
Will there be Charles Manson in it?...I'll definitely watch this if he's there
Good music is good music! It doesn’t matter how old it is or who made it. People will continue listening as long as there’s still good music.
also, do they mention Charles Manson inadvertently writing a couple of their songs? or is that too blue for Mike Love and Al Jardine? do they mention how they failed Dennis Wilson in his recovery? do they mention how Brian Wilson is responsible for 99% of the band's legacy?
ummm if Brian Wilson is not in this movie then what's the point???
What new can be said about them but I'll watch it
"they're all part of it" yeah well Mike Love and Al Jardine are definitely not a part of it
hell yeah i love The Beach Boys
It's a travesty to leave out Good Vibrations from the trailer... It's their masterpiece
I always knew about them and there songs, but never really bothered to look into em or even recognize if certian songs were theres. Now I shall.
Wow !!! That looks good !!!
*SPOILER:* . . . . . . . . . . Beatles were better.
I expected something like this to come out. It was only a matter of time after "The Beatles: Get Back" got released.  *_Please tell me they're gonna talk about SMiLE in depth.._*
Surprised at how many songs we know.
Disney should do film about hope in Gaza like Nakba first and later become occupation/anexation, there were a lot of tear and cry and hope 🤔 this is gonna be box office like steven spielberg adn roberto benigni's film about concentrated camp in poland 🙂
Don Was?    Rolling Stones' producer the last 30 years.
Disney really going to tell the true story? Lot of dark side under the Beach Boys.
after this, there are should be Compton, Wutang, Dr, dre, emimen, snop dogg, ice cube etc, disney's movie version 😂 we love diversity 🥰
The Beatles were awed by Pet Sounds
Where the bit with Charles Manson?
white boys 😂
Wow! Looks fantastic!
Inspector Lee going to love this
and charlie manson
I love the Beach boys my car from 2017 still has a CD player in 2024 it was one of the last ones I have two CDs of the Beach boys that I love listening to and on YouTube music I have them saved I can't wait for this whenever I would go to Disney world or to Sanibel with my family we'd always listen to The Beach boys when I was a kid or Shania Twain but mainly The Beach boys I loved as a kid
2:01 Oh please!!  🙄
Stupid director cutoff & blew up the archival video so it all looks like garbage. The Mouse now ruining others' films as well!! Just for $$$.
Gotta rant a little: these guys are absolute legends.  You know who aren't legends?  Ryan Tedder, Janelle Monae, Don Was, etc.  So, who gives two craps what they think of the Beach Boys?  This is a downfall of so many modern music documentaries; the absolute INSISTANCE on giving the mic to someone who, really, has nothing to do with their music.  Perfect example: having to hear what Nick Jonas and Justin Timberlake think of The Bee Gees in "How Do You Mend a Broken Heart?"  Ridiculous.
👍
This can hold me over for the inevitable triumph of the 4 Beatles Biopics 🎉
Wonder if they'll touch on the fact that the beach boys are responsible for introducing Charles Manson to all his followers and victims.
I can't believe this inspired Rivers Cuomo fro Weezer!
1) jeysus, how much Mike Love will we have to deal with?  2) there will not be enough Carl Wilson coverage.
Obligatory comment to say "ew, Mike Love"
I am there.
Jackie chan is  gonna love this !
Where is John Stamos? The most important non Wilson member!
Not enough diversity.
can't wait to watch Mike Love take credit for way too much.
Im surprised they didnt make the beach boys black, and trans! Perfect for a Disney documentary! ;)
Their harmonies were so rich .. sound was so full
So... do we think they're going to talk about their relationship with Charles Manson? My guess is no...
I don't remember when I first heard The Beach Boys, but when I was 14 (in 1993) my family moved out to California (from Kentucky) and my parents left me and my siblings at a Kinder Care for the day while they went house hunting without us. I don't remember anything about that day except that they would play music while we ate lunch and Kokomo came on and it was a huge hit for us kids and we were all singing along as much as we could. Plus May 24th is my birthday so I absolutely have to watch it.
I am surprised none of them are p[layed by a Black African ..
Weird no clips of Brian being interviewed. If Mike so called Love is the only member in it I’ll pass
Can you start uploading in 4K, what the hell dude!?
Can't wait.
should be called I stole Chuck Berry's music
I hope Mike Love isn't a big part of this
i got so scared when i saw disney+ and beach boys; i thought they made another terrible biopic
Something from Disney I might actually wanna watch, free of “The Message”
Do you think Glen Campbell or Emitt Rhodes will be featured in this doc?
The Beach Boys are the Beatles for me ❤
I'm confused by the trailer, is this going to movie theaters or straight to Disney+? They weren't exactly clear...
Disney is truly sabotaging these films by making them Disney Plus-exclusive. They are doomed to fail, and need to be theatrical initially to succeed and turn a profit.
This looks absolutely amazing, can't wait
Omg so excited
DISNEY PLUS?!?!!?!? WHY??????????????
Beyoncé brought me here
I know its just the trailer but if they didn't interview Brian Wilson then this has failed
If it's all a family then why haven't Brian Wilson and Mike Love made amends?
Can’t wait for the Charles Manson cameo
I hope Thump Wilson is in it
Love the Beach Boys harmony☺
i want a biopic
I really hope David Marks is in this. He deserves to have his story told
When you grow up in Southern California and listen to their music you kinda feel you want to live in their songs in some way, they are the reason why I loved the beach and fell in love with a surfer girl/beach bunny and have been with her for 45 years.
Looks amazing.
1973 Beach Boys at Winterland SF. First concert, with first girlfriend. Opening was Commander Cody and the Lost Planet Airmen. Great memories...
God only knows is one of my favorite songs of all time.
Are they gonna put how they stole music.
You gonna show how one of them was friends with Charles Manson?
Growing up in the sixties  a half hour away from Santa Cruz, they were the soundtrack to our lives..
Turn this into a BIOPIC! That would be wild!
As much as I've followed the beach boys, being only 36 and watching countless clips, documentaries, videos - I know their history in and out and I feel this won't be that exciting but I do hope they have some exclusive footage.
Too bad John Lennon isn't alive to say: "Pet Sounds was better than anything the Beatles ever did."
I wish they do a bio movie about The Beach Boys. Hope they find the right actors to play every member.
i hope they don't spend the entire time on the 60's and they go up to the present & don't just have the hits in it either but lesser known songs people don't know who are fans.
there is no way this schmaltzy ip management company is going to do this slyly subversive band justice
No need to see this documentary… The best one is called endless harmony also Brian Wilson’s I Just Wasn’t Made for These Times and also American songwriter series. Brian Wilson is excellent.
Beach Boys > Beatles
Is Charles Manson going to be in this film? lol.
Pet sounds
Sure, you do not want to change them to reimage as women Disney, you'll lose the ESG score without DEI????
Should have made a film about The Rolling Stones.
Looks good, but I'm not going to give Disney a penny.
First concert I ever went to was the Beach Boys.
Wait a minute here, I am not seeing the woke/CRT/LGBT part. Is Disney still doing entertainment??
Now we need a musical drama biopic film about The Beach Boys
*THEY BETTER FOCUS ON BRIANS GENIUS*  *AND ON MIKE LOVES DOUCHEBAGGERY* 🤦‍♂️
I hope they talk about how they rewrote Chuck Berry songs cause if they don't it just be news stories about that
I love The Beach Boys🏄‍♀️🏄‍♀️🏄‍♀️
Since this is Disney I'm guessing they will tone down the Brian going completely insane parts...
I didn't know much about The Beach Boys except for one of their songs I heard in a episode about fixing computers from this one Cartoon Network show I use to watch called Regular Show kinda like how I didn't know much about The Beatles until I also remembered one of it's members Ringo Starr from both his PPG music video and his narration for Thomas and Friends, so I guess I'll give this documentary a watch online right after I watch The Beatles' documentary first also online for both of the bands' fans' sake lol.
My first concert was a Beach Boys concert. For my 10th birthday my mom and dad took me to Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion in Houston to see them play live. They were my favorite band at the time. They’re still one of my favorites to this day! So excited for this film!
Honestly, looks like the best thing Disney has done in half a decade.
Growing up in California in the late 80's early 90's teachers taught you who the beach boys were and played their songs in rally's and school events...also California Raisins.
This looks really good. There is already documentaries on the Beach Boys. Do we need another one.
Brian Wilson a Genius. The Beach Boys Rock!!!
No one will ever make better music than they did. Music today is CRAP
LAME
They just arent as interesting as the beatles i basically know their entire story, i dont feel like this will be very interesting.
Hopefully they don't gloss over Sunflower and Surfs Up era.
i hope there's an episode about their weird friend Charlie lol.
Dennis was the only Beach Boy who could surf!  Was a real gear head too, was the inspiration for all those car songs.  Was a self taught drummer, who played snare with his right hand.  He deserves his own documentary, are you listening Ken Burns??
pesci
Brian Wilson is such a talented but tortured soul I’m glad in his twilight years he was able to find peace. Such a shame that a man who made some of the most beautiful and happy music ever recorded lived thru so much trauma
Finally, something worthwhile from the house of mouse!
Another addition to the Music Cinematic Universe
Had no clue the immense talent of Brian until last ten years or so. Much better appreciation of him thanks to "Smile". Like most people I thought of them a a surf rock variety act but "Pet Sounds" and "Smile" will stand the test of time.
I got one question, will Charlie Manson be making a guest appearance?
Nope. Just nope. The Beatles may have been a bigger band than the Beach Boys, their legends more outsized, arguably their songs greater, but ultimately the story of the Beatles, as deeply excavated as it has been, is a simpler story to tell. The Beach Boys are a far more complicated group of people and their body of work extremely difficult to follow. You can tell the story of the Beatles in a documentary, but you can’t do the same with the Beach Boys. It’s sprawling, it’s dark, it has many unanswered and unanswerable questions - and it isn’t even over. Disney, of all companies, shouldn’t do it. This is just another cash grab.
God only knows is the beach boys best song by far.
💩
I wonder if there going to tounch on the fact they stole music from Charles Manson my guess is no.
David Marks, anyone ?!
Looking forward to this!!
So I take it Manson will not be mentioned at all.
Oh no, not Disney.  They'll "Woke" it up and ruin it.  Other better documentaries to watch
Since this is by Disney, I'm guessing Mike Love is behind the project and not the true genius of the band, whom everyone with a brain and taste knows is Brian.
Everybody gangsta until the Beach Boys recorded Pet Sounds.
My favorite beach boy won't be in it.  rest his soul.
I would actually go to a movie theater to see this. However, I won't get cable and Disney+ just to see this. I'm sure it's nothing new that we haven't seen in other BB docs, but I just happen to be a BB fanatic. My favorite band.
It looks great!
I hope Apple Bottom Jeans is mentioned.
Pet Sounds ... Sgt. Peppers.  Those two albums redefined 60s music, and elevated it to an art form.
Hmm I'm only seeing Mike Love here, no Brian Wilson. This isn't gonna be worth anyone's time.
Hope they don't forget about David Marks
Here for this! Can't wait.
if this was released in 2024 it would be called the beach GIRLS am i right
Disney does music right
Disney tries to turn Love and Mercy into Teen Beach Movie
What about Blondie Chaplin and Ricky Fataar???  We'll see if they get mentioned. Still going to watch this
Hoping for a deeper exploration of their journey through the 1970s. It's been criminally overlooked in all previous documentaries.
Looks good
Can’t wait to see this.
"Tell their exclusive story" yet you only see Mike Love, Don Was and Hal Blaine and a bunch of nobodys.
Groovy 👍
Yeah disney keep ruining big franchises and leeching off of other ips and making random films and tv shows nobody really asked for... if anything id expect showtime or even hbo to make a real documentary not a cash grab
What does Janelle Monae know about music
Wonder if they'll have Charlie manson in it as well since they hung out with him lol or maybe they'll just leave that lil detail out haha
Play hard and strong all the way.
Brian Won't Show Up In This Documentary Due To Him Suffering With Dementia. Its Better For Him To Be With His Family In Retirement Right Now. It Wouldn't Be Right For Him To Be In This Since He Basically Can't Remember Any Of These Songs Or Even Know How To Play Them Anymore
I can not believe this. I started listening to The Beach Boys 2 days ago and they just released that
Not sure that Disney can tell the real story of the Beach Boys.  I have seen a lot of documentaries and movies about the Beach Boys.  Love & Mercy did a GREAT job with the story and I am not sure this can top it.
The Wilsons were to America----what the Gibbs were to Australia
So excited. The beach boys are so underrated.
This looks interes-- wait, Walt Disney Studios?  Never mind.
Mike Love all over the trailer? Ain't no way I'm watching this.
The Beach Boys practically built Capitol Records from the late '50s on, and then looked around and Capitol was now supporting The Beatles.  And ONLY the Beatles, Brian thought.
Dennis solo album
Who remembers when on the show Full House Uncle Jesse brought The Beach Boys to the house and played. God good times
Why Disney? I don't think People in 2024 are still so excited for the Beach Boys lik 40 Years ago.
No.
This looks great and very very epic I can't wait to see it 😊❤ they are one of the very best groups ever
Gimme the Beach Boys and free my soul! I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift awayyyyyy~
Mike Love yes but Brian WIlson no? That's a no from me dawg
I hope the movie mentions or shows the Wrecking Crew...the stable of musicians behind many of the recordings, including Pet Sounds.
just when I thought I'd seen every piece of footage that is Beach Boys related, haha.
no mention of the bad things here
Mike Loves voice and writing will live on forever!!!
the song God only knows is the most perfect song ever
This looks amazing and goddamn beautiful.
I knew this one person....we were all in our early 20's. She was a quiet girl from Wisconsin and lived a sheltered life. She loved the Beach Boys. It just seemed so weird to me that she didn't listen to modern music. She turned into a freak. It was as if she said "Toto, I don't think we're in Wisconsin anymore." She had a new boyfriend every week. She had a train ran on her at least every 2 weeks. Anytime, we threw a hotel party....smh...I'm grew up in the hood and witnesses this was absolutely wild to me. So now I assume anyone who listens to the Beach Boys--> total sluts.  I'll even play wing-woman and try to hook up my boys with these women. Anytime I hear the Beach Boys, I laugh.
If only my Uncle John was still alive to see this. He was a HUGE Brian Wilson fan. So much so that the words "Wouldn't it be nice" are on his tombstone.
Cant wait to hear Mike Love revise history.
Motown(The Supremes), The Beach Boys and The Beatles truly shook the table, and made the 60’s the 60’s!
chuck berry says Hello...beach boys are sleazy stealing songs and ideas
The fact that Mike Love is featured so prominently and Brian is nowhere to be seen is a big red flag.
Disney is finally releasing a proper Snow White after all.
Present 5 Hours
Most of The Beach Boys story, outside of the Pet Sounds / Smile era, is frankly…uninteresting.
Ooooooh yes! Never stopped loving the Beach Boys, even through their bad years they were great.
This really makes me SMILE.
this looks cool
So nothing on Ding Dang then?
sooooo.... Brian Wilson isn't gonna be in this one?
I was born in 1962, my oldest sister had Pet Sounds playing nonstop in our house… what wonderful memories that take me back in time with just a few notes…. I still play their Christmas Album each year!
Uh....Where the hell is Brian Wilson???
one of them was part of a cult
Hey Disney, it’s going to be hard to compete with ‘Love and Mercy’.
Looks quite juvenile. I'll pass. Like twenty-somethings trying to tell us what the Beach Boys meant to music. Gimme a break. Even Don Was. How the hell is he a Beach Boys expert?
I hope they didn’t gloss over David Marks being a big part of their early history, and an original Beach Boy. He is so often, conveniently, forgotten.
Thank god it's a doc and not some lame formulaic biopic.
Carol Kaye better get the recognition she deserves. Also wondering if they’ll talk about Charles Manson
The Beach Boys 👍 - The Beatles 👎
I hope this is more than just Early Days -> Pet Sounds -> Beatles rivalry -> Smile/Brian goes crazy. That story has been told so much lately between Love and Mercy and Long Promised Road. Show us their inventive lo-fi Carl-led late 60s/early 70s period, their 80s pop culture/nostalgia act Mike-led resurgence, everything. Throw out the cliches and tell us the interesting story about the most incredible and dynamic American band of the 20th century. I also hate documentaries with talking heads from people who weren’t there… so I have low expectations for this documentary unfortunately. Hope I’m wrong.
4ever💯💯💯.🙏🏽🩸
I love The Beach Boys, I can’t wait to watch the documentary
I wonder if the Smile recordings will be included or it´s something too "strange" and "dark" for Disney to include.
giants. just pure magic. looking forward to this
No Brian Wilson and Al hardline ?
Someone should tell Disney that people in their '70s and '80s don't go to movie theaters and don't know how to work streaming services.
When I was growing up in the 80's, they were still the sound of California. I remember being introduced to the music and hearing it so often, I didn't realize as a kid that what I was listening to was one to two decades old. They will always represent sunny summer California to me.
i find it odd that the only negative they touch on is their dad in this trailer. i hope they talk about all the other negative stuff in their history just so its a complete picture for those learning about them for the first time.
Awesome. I know a few The Beach Boys songs but I mostly remember watching them guest star several times in the late 80's/early 90's family sit-com Full House.
Surprised that Disney didn’t recast The Beach Boys for this documentary.
Cant wait to hear about charles manson
literally just got my first fender jaguar too, perfect timing
So, uhh Charles Manson wrote a song for them.... just saying
Can’t wait! I hope it’s 8 hours long and covers all the periods not just the 60s.
And now... let's watch the vinyl prices rise.
Can't wait!!!
disney put his dirty hands on Beach Boys too, not enough to destroy Star Wars jjjj
Nice press kit caption in the description guys 🙄
GIVE US THE BEATLES
Will this documentary touch two controversial topics: that the Wilsons' father was very physically abusive and how much they plagiarized chuck Berry 's sound?
MY FAVORITES: Fun, Fun, Fun I Get Around Don't Worry Baby Help Me, Rhonda California Girls Wouldn't It Be Nice Good Vibrations Sail On, Sailor Kokomo
Beach Boys were everything when it came to the beach…  Nothing beats just enjoying music with ya girl & relaxing under the sun
They have not sold "100 million records". RIAA says 22.5 million albums plus three million singles (total 25.5 million records).
beach boys? more like the goated boys am i right?
Finally some more great music on Disney+.
Interesting that out of all the talking heads of the actual band members they feature in this trailer, the only one is Mike Love. Wonder if Brian was even asked about participating in this doc. If you're looking for something actually featuring Brian, watch Long Promised Road.
Who is the worst dad? Murray Wilson or Joe Jackson? 🤨
David Marks??
Just told my husband about the movie. He smiled like he was a teen again.
I think there's of that '70s show piece where they use the ending song here when Donna runs to Eric. Awesome! Looking forward to the document
Here to say we are PIRATING disney made productions. Too bad it has to be my beloved Beach Boys 😭
Mike Love the most useless Beach Boy
I don't trust a Beach Boys documentary with Mike Love in it and no Brian...
For some Mike Love Appreciation then you simply just type in the following title above…. In defence of Mike Love Part 2
long live to the beach boys
So ready to see this one
This was unexpected
I’m so excited that I’m listening to Beach boys music right now
I’ll watch as a fellow California native along with them!
Is there any band left that they haven’t tried to do an autodramamentory on?
finally something good.
The Beach Boys are my Beatles.  If was a vocal teacher, I will definitely teach The Beach Boys' harmonies.
Free Palestine ❤ stop donating to genocide
beethoven
This is huge, if they release an HD cut of the European tours its actually over
no offense but this just looks like a mike love approved puff piece, doesn't even have an a new interview with brian?  nothing new or interesting here
I can't wait!! 😁😁😎😎🏄‍♂🏄‍♂
That time use for Monkey’s Uncel with Annette
Niiice, some iconic hist w/ that Disney flare is gonna be magic!
I’m more excited to see this than I should be and I’m twenty eight.
Gonna do a Double feature with this and Love and Mercy
CAN'T WAIT!!!! ❤
Don’t tell me Brian isn’t in this?  At least I see Al hopefully he makes sure Mike doesn’t give some alternate story
I wonder if we’ll get Interviews With John Stamos considering we have that one special song played on Full House Forever
The beach board are the greatest boy bands in the world. I get around is this song I listen very much I can’t wait to see this documentary on Disney+.
So excited for this! The Beach Boys have been my favorite band since i was 5 years old. Their run from 64-67 is unassailable.
Unanimously anticipated
I don't understand why Disney doesn't try to recoup some of it's losses by putting more of these in theatre first, before Disney+
Looks interesting
Beach.
The Beatles and now The Beach Boys. Damn, Disney do be bringing the sixties now.  What next? The Byrds?
In my notification thing for some reason I got since it was small, some reason one of them looked like Logan Paul I don’t even watch that dude
Can't wait to watch!
The Beach Boys still picking up Good Vibrations in this documentary!!!!!!😊😊😊😊😊😊
L
I'm gonna ask Jennifer Lee, Clark Spencer, and Eric Goldberg to announced and produced the new film adaptation of Jeff Smith's "Bone" with Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2D animation.  Based on the Comic Book Series by:                       Jeff Smith   In Theaters November 2027.  Disney's first hand-drawn animated movie since "Winnie the Pooh" (2011). The first Walt Disney Animation Studios film to feature full opening credits since "Lilo & Stitch".     In Memory of  Burny Mattinson       1935-2023        Dedicated to       Dale L. Baer        1950-2021  Filmed in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio.  The first Disney hand-drawn animated film to feature the new Disney logo.
Get Around, 'Round, 'Round, I Get Around! Get Around, 'Round, 'Round, I Get Around! I swear, why hasn't THIS song playing in a SpongeBob Movie? or any songs sung by the Beach Boys?!
Wowsers
Beach
