Who tf gettin they shit cut for triple digits in ny
Honey universal healthcare does not include dental for appearances
Gas was not 4 dollars a gallon is south carolina 1 year ago 😂 shit was like 3.45 or 3.50 at the most
Man from NYC, I pay like 40-50 including tip for a haircut that shit is crazy
an 1/8th before it was legal in NJ was $50 for over 10yrs, now it's $60 depending where you buy before taxes.
my cat freaked out when the ring doorbell went off
I live in UK and I get insulin free lol every diabetic does here get fucked America
$25 FOR AN EIGHTH IS CRAZY TO YOU????
Ain’t no way eggs are $2.86
A dozen eggs being $2.76 threw me off until I remembered this is a year old
can you  band that guy in the glasees?
HEY HEY HEY!!! I live in Utah and i don't have a mullet. my hair is just long as fuck and goes down to my ass lol. get it right.
Nyc wild prices but if u go out of the city to legit the first town on the other side of the bridge them boys got u for 25-30+tip
I’m sorry but whoever got those prices was very wrong about the 8th of weed OR they are going to the WRONG dispensaries. 🤦‍♀️
it’s $40 for a haircut in kansas city noel 😕
weed here is 25 an eighth, 40 a quarter, 150 an oz from the dispo very cheap. and 25 for a cart
Im poor af compared to you but Ive never bought Insulin or Weed or Baby Formula or Menstral Cup or Tampons or a Space Ticket or ever lived in NY or LA. I knew the Peanut butter one and I did know the Costco hotdog one tho cuz the CEO is a real one. But I also got most of those other ones wrong af. You aint out of touch.
if you find anywhere selling arizona ice tea cans for more than .99c call the number on the can
I wish a dozen eggs were around three dollars here last time I went to the store they were THIRTEEN
how much is 'an eight of weed' in grams? I'm confused it's 10 euros/gram here
Milk really do make you into a giant baby if you keep drinking it after childhood
an eight is about 60$ in the dispensary n about $35 on the street..... bruh
Haircuts are so pricy in the usa wtf 😅, here in France, I can go anywhere and find a haircut for less than 20 bucks
small ass box of tampons for $8 😭
Bro where you find $10 cups like walmart charges $30 cuz damn
as a canadian, it’s actually baffling to hear that insulin is 300$ in the US.
What does a banana cost, ten dollars?
When he said “$25” for an eighth of weed from a dispensary I laughed so loud …. I’m like Noel this why we buy local and support small businesses
Oh sweet, sweet, innocent Noel. Dominicans in New York are gonna upcharge THE SHIT out of you for haircuts. And you better leave a $20 tip even if they heat damaged. It’s gonna run you an easy 75-115 MINIMUM. Shit like keratin is usually 175-230.
The $1.50 Costco hotdog is a legend, $1.50 baybeeeee
Private dental care costs thousands. We don't like to pay for health stuff
Insulin is almost free, it's insane that they charge 300. It's made by BACTERIA ffs and the medicine is like a 100 years old at this point.
I thought 8ths were like 50-60 is my plug a W scammer ???
Noel Miller
zona tea is 99 cents
storf brand
1g of weed(bud) isn't equal to 1g of wax in value nor content.
Yo, formula is way more 😭 target brand is like $25 and then regular is like $35-40
You’re coming to UTAH and I didn’t know about it until just now. Im gonna unalive myself for not knowing.
Here in Michigan, the Arizona Tea's are still 99 cents
Mental cups that won’t fuck you up internally that you mainly find in stores I’ve seen is $30-40
🗣️🗣️plan b still expensive in canada
I live in NY and pay $40 for a haircut where are these people going and spending $100
I’m dead. My ring doorbell went off at the same time. 😂😂
In newhamshire they’re still .99 in most places the Arizona ice tea
$0.89 for Arizona in Utah
0:39. Damn. Didn't have to attack me like that bro
e
I almost believed the black shirt was just keyed on but then I realized… nawwwww, his editors would never make it look that good. They would be COMPELLED to make it as bad looking as possible
One thing I've learned from this video is that someone gotta start a GoFundMe for Americans because they're struggling
0:36 me from ohio : 🥲
as a woman in ny my hair cuts are $45 that’s insane
Idk Noel you played my old college freshman year, hard to believe you've blown up enough to be out of touch in 3 years
I can get a haircut in Myrtle Beach for 18 dollars plus tip.  So I guess I’m gonna travel a few hours for a haircut if I move to a big city.
its okay noel even if theres only 2 women in your audience theyve got you also your audience must be at least like 10% trans dudes at this point theyve got you too
spent $45 on my menstrual cup when i bought it thats some bullshit lmfao
asking people to buy and click ads on the video is against the youtube guidelines lmao
Part Nigerian, part Philino and 50% Mexican
Supercut fuckt his shit up.
2:21 this mans paying $60 for a half gram dab pen, someone help him 😂😂🤦‍♂🤦‍♂
your health service terrifies me.
GO TO OREGON AGAIN
As a Canadian, niggas get plan b for like 60$
I think youre just out of time
I’m not gonna lie, those formula numbers are kinda off. It is true that there is formula for $26, but it’s liquid formula (pre made baby shake if you will) and it last on average 3-5 days. The formula that literally 95% of customers use is powder formula. They have small $23 cans, but they only last about the same as liquid (although is cheaper). The one everyone buys WAS $32 beginning 2020, then $36 by the end, and then $46 in 2022, for a 2-2.5 week supply. My newborn eats A LOT rn as he cluster feeds (imagine the definition of gluttony and that’s why cluster feeding is, just old white people at Long John Silver) so I’ve been going through  the $46 tubs within a week and a half, more often times a week. Baby’s are expensive, especially if you live in an over populated place
i get arizonas multiple times a week, at the convince store it’s 99c at the grocery store 1.29
That’s insane if you’re buying eggs at $2. I be spending close to $7 on eggs and close to $6 a gallon on milk and I drink a gallon a day on average. I used to spend close to $350 on haircuts every 2 months but my cuts would take up to 5 hours
The baby formula shortage was actually insane
Noel just learned what the word disparity means and won't stop using it
i WISH insulin was $7.5 here bro   ps - diabetes isn’t caused by eating sugar !! Type one is genetic and both are focused on carbs, not sugars
Depends on where. I was in the middle of nowhere South Dakota and Arizona tea was $0.99 but in Minneapolis it’s $1.29.
lemme cop that black n white shirt the assistant is wearing
There is no way that NY mens haircut price is correct - I go to a nice shop in soho and it’s like $55 with tip
No fucking way a haircut costs $100 in America.... Holy shit
120 for a haircut is nuts. I get mine for 20
What you don’t pay for medical you pay in taxes 😂
Here after a wretched nightmare, Noel is calming.
I shop at ALDIs- I win
arizona's are still .99  printed on the can  some places put a sticker over that to raise the price tho
“Cos im so sick of his donkey laugh”
Here in iowa Arizona is still 99
RAT HOLES LIKE OHIO AKDHAKCBSIA
I pay 30$ a month for a haircut in New York . Where tf do they get over 100€
I don't know how knowing the price of stuff like weed, baby formula, insulin, or female hygiene products (as a guy) is an indicator of how in touch you are. I'm a uni student living alone I don't know that shit, and idk how anyone could argue someone like me is outta touch
I'm a women in NYC and I pay $60 for a haircut but, I go to the Dominicans so...
i work at a grocery store and a gallon of milk is between $4-5 now, when prices were at their highest the organic milk was like $8-9 and people were still buying it. fuckin insane, dudes.
Nah you’re right about the Dominican shops in NY. $25 + tip for me boss. Fuck these hippies in Williamsburg willing to pay $120 for a cut that looks like shit anyways.
arizona still 99 cents here in chicago at the grocery store i go to they have a sale for 79
$20 for 3.5g???? If you’re paying that you’re getting reggie
Arizona will pull their products if it’s marked more than 99 cents last time I checked but I could be wrong
Still 99 cents for an arizona for me here in florida
Nah the first question is cap. Depends on the spo but I get eights for like 20$
So in America the price for Arizona Tea is indeed .99 cents still. The founder/owner/whatever has said that even during inflation, there is no need to up the price. The reason why it ends up being more than .99 cents at the register is the small .10 cent tax(its 10 cents in some states and i think still 5 cents in others.) fyi i repeat the cents thing in case someone not from america reads this.  Arizona Tea is a true bro in our time of needing something flavorful, thirst quenching, and a friend to our wallets.
An eighth costs $80 where I live 🥲
No I’m pretty sure this news isn’t new just saying
im out here payin 25 for a hairvut f?
as a dude in new york the haircut prices r insanse but my cousin is a barber so i get it lucky with a light $30
My haircut in NY today (from a Puerto Rican barber) was $35 + tip
In Oregon you can get an ounce of flower for 25 bucks. I’m not even joking. The thc is around 24% and there are only select strains but I would literally never pay 38 for an 1/8th unless it was some top shelf
$30 - $40 is avg price for an 8th from the street been like that forever now
They need them 5 dollar plan b pills in the uk to prevent more mistakes
in idaho, the price of arizona ice teas can be as low as 69 cents, if you go to winco
it cracked me up when you were shocked at the price of an eighth from the dispensary LMFAO in Illinois (as a recreational user) an eighth costs $60+
DO MORE OF THESE
im in ohio and for some reason organic be 50 cents cheaper than the store brands
plan b is 50$:/
just to be clear insulin isn’t exactly like an “epipen”, you’re paying $175-300 like at least once a month depending on how much you use per day
an eighth for some decent mids is 30$ around here it should be some nice ass shit if it’s almost 40$
I guessed $25 for the 1/8 ounce too, that’s actually the average price around my area as far as I can tell. So he wasn’t really off on that
Hey I go to a little dominican barber shop who charge 20 dollars😧
whats funny is noel hit the weed price exact if u aint going to dispos lol
Idrk but I get arizonas for a dollar always
as weed is legal in IL, i can get 2 2gram joints (a eighth) for ten bucks in chicago. life's good.
arizona tea is .99 most places but at some circle k’s i’ve seen them put their label on it and raise it to 2.09
I live in Canada and holy fuck plan b is not $5
It’s still 99 cents in Va
Where y’all getting insulin that cheap ? Lmk
10$ for a menstrual cup seems waaay cheap. Especially since you reuse them indefinitely so even a high end one saves money in the long run.  Idk I just feel like if I am gonna stick something in my vagina I dont really want to be the most dirt cheap version availible.
8 male dollars 💀💀
sorry wtf is the haircut prices 😭
I've been playing this game, I forgot I was Canadian I kept guessing everything wrong.
My barber charges 20 for a cut and I tip 5. Never thought they could be that expensive as an average price
TWENTY FIVE for an 8? you're insane. $35 is a good price if you're lucky
i get my haircuts for $35 😨
I pay $25 for an eighth lmao
2:26 Noel’s reaction —     I think I just creamed.
Arizona yea CEO also was the same way about the price. They cut costs on the packaging rather than upping the price. It’s still 99 cents everywhere in the US
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU GETTING AN EIGHTH FOR FORTY BUCKS I KNOW I LIVE IN OREGON BUT DAMN
Why the fuck are haircuts so expensive un the us
Ummmmm?? I get my haircuts in nyc for $16-20. Did the research only include manhattan?
Nah Noel was spot on about Dominican barbershops in nyc
I get my cuts for $20
Holy shit weed is expensive in other places
In UK, Braces are free for under 18's but like $4000 for adults.
Someone charged me $25 for a cut in Brooklyn the other day and it was bummy as hell
I have never in my life heard of a menstrual cup, so I learned something new today
Arizona went up at some places tbh I still see dollar jawns abd 1.29 jawns in Philly so depends on the store really
For some insight on the weed pens:  I work in a BC, Canada dispensary and we sell 1g vapes starting at $31. We have higher potency/quality for as much as $65, so it's nuts to hear the prices elsewhere!
I can’t believe Noel thought Blue Origin seats were 80K lol also this is some of the best Noel content I’ve seen in awhile. It feels like I’m watching stand up.
My dude went to the furthest point from the Bronx  as possible in New York… 💀💀💀
AYO WHAT THE FUCK $38 FOR AN EIGHTH BRO? i live and work in british columbia canada as a budtender, and there are definitely some more pricey eighths, but you can usually find em for $19-25 and you really aren't getting much lower quality (depending on the brand, for example, twd and pure sunfarms are cheap and the quality definitely reflects that, because they're essentially the no name versions of other brands)
That NY one has to be cap
You were spot on for Colorado prices of an eighth from a dispensary. It varies by the place, I think California’s pretty similar to Colorado, but an eighth in Chicago is like $60.
AZ iced tea still $.99
Your take on Andrew Tate and telling people not to pay attention to him was very out of touch, yes.
i pay $60 for an eighth at my dispo :/
Not the tiktok style captions god dammit
Still .99c Arizona in NY
This made me remember that video Cody Ko made where he was defending millionaires against working class people making fun of their mansions
Arizonas are 99¢ in USA, stores who mark it up can get pulled by Arizona bc they want it to be sold at 99¢
Plan b in canada is like $50
“But da price on da can tho”
Do you not grocery shop?
Dude, who let russ into the yacht
where tf are the $10 menstrual cups?????
this man must really hate atlanta....
$38 for an 8th? I can get an ounce in Seattle for $45 at a dispensary. Them California prices are REEMIN YA
Sadly plan B in Canada is not $5, I wish it was 🤣
in Canada the big cans of Arizona are 99 cents and the glass bottles that have less are like 3 bucks.
Nah nah nah even as someone who buys flower I was expecting a bit less than that
SPOCK
As they say on the show Atlanta: THE PRICE IS ON THE CAN! 99¢!
I live in NYC. Arizona iced tea cans are $0.99, some stores sell them for less but never more. My brother gets his hair cut for $20, and that's including tip.
Why you got to do Missouri like that
Yes look at your view count now vs what it was 2 years ago.
Arizona tea still 99 cent in Louisiana
apparently two other women in this comment section have filled the seats of noel's female audience... then who am i
watching this on my period
"for other people"
Why the laugh after Syracuse 🤣Ill see you then!
brave of you to come to ohio after that roast.
Noel babes the neck beard isn’t giving
£9.80 for (I think) all prescription UK - a uk person
bro will go everywhere but atlanta
When he says edge it up for nyc that was a fucking great joke Noel 😂 I see whatcha did there 😏
“I’m gonna go $25 go really aggressive” meanwhile an 8th is about $30 illegally and anywhere from $35-55 at dispensaries which is just robbery
Trying to get tour tickets for west palm not but not working another way to buy?
SPAAAAAAAAAACCCKKK
i've watched so much corridor digital that i immediately noticed the green highlight on noel's side features and the difference in quality of the background and the subject.
Man, I live in rural Kentucky paying $13 for a cut.
Braces cost us thousands that's why 🥲
I pay $10USD for a haircut in France. We have an excellent health system
Arizona cans are 99 cents but with sugar taxes (at least where I live) it's like $1.20
Americans are out here getting raw dogged all this shit in England is so cheap 😂😂
Takeaway from this video: haircuts are expensive as FUCK in the US
Insulin in ireland is completely free if u have a long term illness the government pay for your medicine
The most out of touch thing he said was that people pay their dogs to lick peanut butter off tgeir faces lmao
Ain’t no way cali got 6$ and Ohio has fuckin 5 we gettin robbed
I’ve never met a single human that regularly uses a menstal cup
Why can’t i find your tickets to west palm beach mannnnnnnnn 😭😭
arizona iced tea is still 99 cents in western ga
Looks like I’m moving to the UK to get insulin😝🤩
I’m from Long Island, NY I get my skin fade cut for $27 and tip $10 so $37 Total
i lived in the UK for 2 years and they in fact don’t have dental care there but great health care😭
Bracers are not cowered by the insurance completely. It’s still expensive
Arizona is still 99¢. It's 1.25 in Canada. The price going up was a rumor.
13:32 why does the dog look like noel lmaoo
Noel if you’re all out I could’ve gave you some
nope, plan b is still upwards of $40 in canada
what the fuck how is americans hair cuts so expensive
insulin? was this video sponsored by the democratic socialists of america?
I’m from NY and my hair cuts are $30 including a tip
You fell off
look i know u don't need to use one but not knowing what a menstrual cup is is cringe my guy
Bro imagine being a guy in New York, at that point u just gotta cut your own shit
Proud to be British w braces 🥴☺️
An arizona tea is 0.99 in America and $1.29 in Canada because $1.29 in Canadian dollar is 0.99¢
Nearly $40 for an 1/8th? Shitttt
The Publix representation doe
wtf is this lmaooo
YALL ARE PAYING 50 FOR A CART????
Ik from ny my haircut cost 25
Man from nyc: $40 average haircut at a barbershop
THE THING IS = NEW YORK HAIRCUTS. THEY STILL GOT GREAT CLIPS ITS JUST 50 BUCKS AND THERE ARE HIGHER END PLACES THAT CAN CHARGE UP TO 350 FOR A FUCKING HAIRCUT. I BOUGHT CLIPPERS OFF AMAZON FOR 28 BUCKS
in arizona atleast i get the arizona ice tea for .99 still so
It’s still .99 cents here
I work at a gas station in Northern California and Arizona tea is still 99¢ there, $1.04 after CR-V.
Nah bruh I used to get my haircut at a barbershop in Long Island that I only spent 25 per haircut. All the bells & whistles. Went too homie for 5 years 😭
peace tea 1.29 arizona still .99
Arizona is 99¢ at my local CVS, $1 if you get the slightly bigger one that they keep in the fridge
shout out to being 50% of the women in Noel’s audience. Pero like, my menstrual cup was 35$
INSULIN IS FREE IN THE UK AND CANADA?IS IT NOT?
Im a type 1 diabetic so I get insulin every month. I use about 3 vials per month. I use the name brand insulin Humalog, so lets say 3 vials at $300 a piece. Thats $900 every month not to mention my pump supplies and the fact that my pump costs $8k and I need a new pump every 4 years.  If I didn't have good insurance I'd literally be paying a rents worth amount every month just to live. We need to stop lobbyists from bribing public officials to deny the insulin price cap
Bro the organic milk was a HALF gallon so Over 100% price increase from the non organic milk
Arizona is still $1.29 in Canada so I’m assuming it’s still $0.99 in America since the CEO said he wouldn’t raise the prices
the costco ceo saying "$1.50 hotdog or death" is kinda based
Where I live, Arizona Tea is only $0.79
an arizona is still 99 cents
the only $8 dollar tampons are cardboard and come in a 4 pack
My man called Ohio a rat hole and even that was too generous for that state.
Appreciate your work man , always coming up with new interesting content 👍
An eighth in aus is 50$, cheapest. In other more rural spots can go to 75 roughly it's fucked
the uk have the nhs which pays for most medical care, including braces for children and teenagers 😂 but we have to pay out of pocket for dentistry as you can tell
"You can get plan b for $5" ehh no its free in Canada lol
where I live Arizona iced tea is still 99¢
"I usually buy weed pens... FOR OTHER PEOPLE!" Bro, I'm pretty sure that's worse lol
Really called me out with the mullets in utah
I lived in Maui for a bit and the cost of milk at the general store in Hana where I lived was $10 and $15 for a box of fruit loops.
Who tf cutting dudes hair for $100? Gotta be the whites.
Arizona still .99 here in Texas bro
Bro really preforming at Magooby's Joke House
This is why you put the shorts on you, to some one who will reached your right place in grown pointer winer.
When I see these haircut prizes im happy to be fucking bald
the nyc mens haircut is so off 💀 it’s like 25+ tip
I haven’t seen best girl spock in a minute ngl
Bruh, as a guy from NYC, if a barber ever tries to tell me a haircut is $118, I’m finna run a fade on his ass
You are, but that’s not a bad thing. I think it’s actually kinda an achievement
Plan B is like $50 in Canada not $5
Andrew tate apologist.
I feel attacked. I’m from Ohio. I live in Missouri. Viciously attacked.
Homie won’t even TOUCH the southeast 😭
Glad to know I’m not the only one that goes through like a gallon of milk in 2-3 days
The price of Narcotics are a great way to tell how in touch you are.
I literally got only my roots dyed no cut nothing fancy- 200$ not tip yet. Used to be 115/120 and omfg I was so shocked- no more hair dye for me I guess
Man in NYC here. Noel's afterthought was completely correct, I know places where you can get haircuts for $14. But on average you can get a decent cut for $25-$40
Just so everyone Knows, menstrual cups are not placed at the opening of the vagina lol. They are place in the vaginal canal closer to the cervix than the opening
When he said the pandemic taught mfs in Utah with mullets how to game the online market I laughed so hard. He isn’t wrong. I also live in Utah
The way that an eighth is at least $70 with tax in illinois…
👁👄👁
living in NY i never paid more than $30 for a haircut including tip thats at a small Dominican barber shop of course
Plan B is like $40 in Canada my guy
The price is on the can doe
wtf a haircut is 53 usd? here in my country its a buck and a half lmao
For me a NYC professional barber who has been working in the hair industry for 2 decades is free, cause he is my dad :>)   but other then that a haircut is wayyy lower for a guy its like 40-60 bucks from my experience.
I'm in Ohio. Arizonas are still 99 cents.
Still 0.99¢ for the can in Florida, $1.29 for the bottles
13:19 im so hurt
Lol he said he was gonna guess high. Best price I’ve ever seen is $35
Are you still friends with Cody ko?
Wtf who pays 40 dollars for an ⅛ das daylight robbery.das more illegal than the drug being sold
arizona iced tea in alberta is like 2:30, and a smaller can
Where I live in north Georgia A mens haircut is 10$ like universally. Unless you go to one of the fuckboi fade places and even there it’s only 20$
Woman’s haircut with color and all the fixing EASY $350. EASY, and That doesn’t even help the stylist worth a damn. Those girls work their asses off, and deserve significantly more.
Hey just wanted to remind everyone that eventually the majority of people and channels on the internet will have been made by a dead person. our children will grow up watching at least some dead people, especially if theyre using the internet for education.
Y’all getting ripped off, my haircuts are 15$
Finding the 99 cent arizona is a rarity in these trying times
Decent vid
what in the actual fuck does out of touch mean
Why does noel look pale af in this video? 😅
at my local gas station arizonas are always 1.04 cents after tax and thas an expensive gas station in a nice place so they defo haven’t changed the price
my haircut down here in louisiana is over $100. just for a normal cut. crazy
As one of the two women watching this.. There’s not many store brand menstrual cups, I think there’s more tampons rather than menstrual cups 🤔
How come there are like looney tune anvil sounds in the background
your podcast about andrew tate was hard to watch… ive been a fan for almost 6 years and this has made me consider stopping. do better
NYC is a wallet drainer.  My average haircut is $23.  Supercuts gonna be a legit option
It's like a £1.50 in London And almost €2 in Dublin
tate stan
What the fuck is up with your hair cut prices I already feel ripped of for 20€ in Germany
im glad you said this is the first episode implying more
Dude Spock’s beard looks fire
Milk is 8.99$ atm
I’m not sure if this wierd but he seems lighter
how dare you? how dare you call ohio a rat hole? it’s a mouse hole, bud.
arizona is still 99c the company tries to keep it like that
what man is paying 118 average for a haircut I be paying 30 with tip and that shit is 50% tip and he got a nice setup and a place and does it very nice shout out to my barber dawg edit: my bad I'm a brainlet and I forgot to say I live in NYC
Why you gotta shit on my home state rathole of Ohio. Damn.
You look like andrew Tate
I’m glad I’m bald. Save a shit ton of money I don’t have. Lol
13:32 fucking killed me
ok but what size pack of tampons? noel could be right if ur buying a big box
saw you in austin, it was a great show man
Male from NYC here! I got the same cut as Noel and after the pandemic hit, it was boosted up to $40. Ironically THAT is what made me start shaving my own head instead. Can’t imagine over $100
this is a revolutionary style of video
So what I’m understanding is you should be on the Price is Right
Out of touch? Nah I don’t think so.  Incredibly racist towards people of Yugoslavian descent? Absolutely.
Arizona is still 99 cents
Handsome ass chilllllll
35 if you can find any for sale. Also thats old school insulin that they harvest from pigs pancreas.  Nobody in the US wants that crap.
In sweden, insulin costs a total of……. …..$0
arizona is still $0.99 in MD
Also Arizona ice teas still a dollar here
I’m live in Brooklyn and I pay 20 dollars for my haircut from a Dominican barbershop.
noel looking fine as hell in this video honestly
You called Ohio a rathole and as an Ohioan I felt that
YOO IM TRYING TO BUY TICKETS FOR YOUR TOUR STOP WEST PALM BEACH AT THE IMPROV YOUR DATE ISNT SHOWING UP ON THEIR WEBSITE GET TO FIXIN THAT MY G SO I CAN COME SEE HOW SHORT U RLLY R
The guy whos papa bought him the jeff bezos seat to space in a year below me in my major and idk how to feel bout that
why do content creators think that having doorbells in your content is cute, I can’t watch your shit while I’m house sitting dogs anymore 👍🏽
im in nyc and my haircut is $35
lol Im the 23-year-old with a mullet from Utah that was at your show haha I promise I don't sell baby formula or drop ship thanks for the show in Utah!
I am in Brooklyn and haircuts are either 35$ or 85$ no inbetween. Also come do a show in NYC stop going to dumb ass uspstate NY
“I don’t know anything about UK healthcare” bro you called insulin a diabetic epipen I don’t think you know anything about healthcare in general😭😭
glad to be the other woman in Noel's audience
If you can find the can of Arizona in the US it’s still 99¢ but good luck. How they get tou in gas stations is they now sell the same flavors in bottles now of the same size and don’t sell the cans. Those bottles are $1.99.
38.50 for an eighth??? no thank you!
feels like a mix between the old vlogs and the new videos
as an european whose haircut it around 6 USD - WHAT THE HELL DO THE BARBERS DO TO YOU FOR IT TO BE SO EXPENSIVE  40 to us is like when someone is going to a wedding or dyeing their hair!
The hair cuts in New York are definitely only in manhattan because you will not see a man paying $113 for a haircut in the Bronx 😭😂. Max they would spend is like $30 at a little barber shop around the corner. Or free if they know a barber
Brooklyn men's haircut go for 20 bucks and that's including tip
Plan B is stil $50 in Canada lol it's not covered under insurance, the government doesn't care that much
I’d like to mention that I guessed the Canadian price of insulin correctly. Thank you.
Gona ? Gonna
Why do you not come to Atlanta or even yet come to like coweta county
Noel, Why do you hate Michigan?
Hi Noel, the entire health care system in the UK is free, the NHS :)
Noel saying chat gave me a flash of PTSD Noel we need you back
i have never paid more than $35 for a haircut
What the actualy fuck is wrong with the prices for haircuts in the USA, Jesus Crist o_o In germany its 17-20$ for a normal man's haircut.
Arizona's still 99 cents in Chicago, it's the non-canned versions that cost more.
Living in NY is rough man, everything here is so goddamn expensive it’s insane
Wow Noel’s PR team almost made him seem relatable in this one!
Now I understand why my friend moved to NYC for her hairdressing career
If Arizona tea finds out someone is selling it for more than 99 cents they will refuse to supply them until they bring the price down
as a hairstylist in bumf*ck tennessee…… those haircut prices killed me. i charge 15 for a mans cut and 30 for a womans wash cut and style
immediately with the Ohio slander, pls Noel
As the great turco Suleiman Hank Peker said " yes nool miller you are out of touch"
How is a California haircut so expensive  in Ireland I pay 12 dollars
Menstrual cups are not $10 bruh
That NY men's barber price gotta be cap there's so many barbers there right lol
eggs in australia (sydney) are like $4.50 for 12 or $13 for 12 organic eggs lol organic adds more than a dollar
Noel- where tf are you  getting these vprices???? they are not correct. -ashley, south dakota, usa
Personally Noah... I won't take that rathole remark... respectfully... watch out when you go to Columbus buddy.
AND IN NEW ZEALAND INSULIN IS FREEEEE BABYYYYYYY
Yes
cash and spock talking to each other help
And here I am paying £16 for a haircut   L + Ratio US
see i like the vid but it’s kinda fucked yo. we all have real jobs and we’re working our ass off, and while its good to laugh about everything being so expensive, people with whom you fraternize like Hassan Piker are responsible for rallying votes that allowed these policies of inflation. People around you are lying to you man. Even when you correctly said the hotdog was high because of inflation, your editor jumped in to correct you and force you to take the socialist stance. It’s not the CEOs fault that the dollar is falling so quickly it will absolutely be surpassed by the yen as the general currency of the globe.   It’s not really funny. Fuck Hassan and fuck Alex for lying to you bro. You know in your heart of hearts inflation is real, the federal reserve is screwing underprivileged and privileged people. We continue to print money as a solution to our problems when that solution should only be temporary, but we keep printing and printing, and this is what Hassan and Alex don’t understand. I truly believe you have the intelligence to understand it. Post-modern society is already soul crushing but this dogmatic authoritarian center-left narrative that has become the only way to think or else you will be ousted from your own circles of friends and coworkers and family.   You know better Noel.
Noel looked so genuinely angry when the Ring went off 😂
$100+ for a haircut? man I'd cut your shit up real nice for $7 here in my country lmao
Correction 5.99 for milk here in ohio
Gas is under 4 in some parts of SC now thank God
I feel like this is the perfect format for Noel, super funny and entertaining
When I used to smoke I would get 2gram carts for $60 and an eighth for $20, is my Canadian weed that much cheaper?
Noel’s eyes are so beautiful! 👁👁
We also have a ring doorbell so that made my dog flip tf out lmao
INSULIN IS $7 IN THE UK WTF?
13:12 But it says it on the can?
here's a hint, all other developed nations have universal healthcare
my jaw is on the floor at these UK prices tf
Arizona iced tea is still ¢99 in ohio
I work at a grocery store, I pass by the Arizona Tea all the time. It is still $0.99.
Can you come to Arizona, please and thank you (:
Please make more thats cringe videos with codey
Arizonas still 99 cents where I live
Wish I could say I feel attacked as I live in Utah, but that truth hit hard 🥲
mens haircut in nyc one is not real
whoa whoa... saying i live in a rathole... harsh and unnecessary brosef
Feel good about my $15 haircuts in South Carolina
Man who the fucks spending $118 on a haircut in NY? I get mine for $30 with tip
arizona still 99c and always will be don't put disrespek on az name like that
spock showing up, hair soaking wet, with chipotle is cracking me up
Wir brauchen eine Noel Miller Tour in Deutschland 🤷🏻‍♂️
How much could a banana cost? $10?
Good idea bro
Not noel saying "ive done too well" and getting canceled one day later lmao
333mv
Yes
After the latest podcast episode, the title is poetry
Whyyyy did u do poo sound effect my people just heard that omg they think I farted in the night when I unpaused it
Why is he white now
We do have braces...I guess we just give less of a fuck about our teeth in the UK. And a lot of people have phobias of the dentist!
Insulin is free in the uk for diabetics
Bro getting ripped off with the weed pens
Sir, every video you Shit on Kansas City… I think secretly you love it.
The camera catching his assistant drinking milk with his meal is the best ending to this video
as a man from nyc I didn’t even know that was the cost but then again I cut my hair myself 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
yes
118? for a haircut in nyc? youd be going to some fancy salon and getting all the fixins. You can get a shape up and more starting at 30 in nyc.
... where y'all getting $10 menstrual cups? The 1st price was correct.
Oh Noel I can’t wait to hear what you have to say about the podcast
this was iconic loved it
alex is my guilty pleasure eceleb crush😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I wanna see a list of your sources. What man is spending over $100 on a cut? They can buzz that shit themselves
i just bought a arizona tea for 89 cents
great video idea
As a dude from NY, I have to believe that haircut number comes from Billionaires living in tribeca spending $1200 on hairplugs or something, because I get my hair cut a place my friends consider bougie and a haircut costs $60 there.
2:03 mins. in and it's enough to cancel watching this bullshit!
Live that milk is five dollars a gallon. It’s only 3.64 a gallon here where I live.
Don't know if you care but a menstrual cup is used in place of a tampon. It can be cleaned and reused so it is better for the environment and there is no risk (or less risk?) Of TSS, like there is when using a tampon.  The most common cup is the Diva Cup, so much so that it has basically become the band-aid of menstrual cups (using the name Diva cup instead of menstrual cup) it is $30. I haven't seen any $10 ones, good to know that there are lower priced options but I go with Diva cup since it's the most well known and I feel like it has a lesser chance of maiming me than a cheaper option 😅. Kind of like cardboard tampons, cheaper and I think better for the environment but those fkers hurt
wtf
y’all 1/8 be expensive lmao the northwest blesses us
Some gas stations 99cents for Arizonas others 1.29
I live in NY and the haircut is $20... where tf is $118 coming from
I get my haircut for like 30
Who da fuck is dis nigga
An eighth of street weed is 25-40 bucks. 38.50 for dispensary 8th aint bad ig
smart and final sells arizona for 89 cents, sometimes 79cents
THE FACT THAT THE AVERAGE IN NY IS $115 BUT I GET MY SHIT WASH AND CUT FOR $30 IS A FUCKING STEAL. OMFG, IMMA GATEKEEP THE FUCK OUTTA MY PLACE.  Edit: ARIZONA IS STILL .99 IN MOST OF NYC (apart from Manhattan because of fucking course) BUT YOU PAY A DOLLAR TO NOT BE AN ASS.
nothing hurts more when Noel was surprised by the 38.50 price on the 8th of dispensary weed lol meanwhile an 8th of trash dispensary weed is gonna run you 60 before taxes here in illinois 🙃
love the fact that I made the exact motion that when he said "two women in noel's audience"
NOEL WE DO HAVE BRACES 😞 we also have free healthcare and gun control (uk)
Alex, it's so nice of you to let noel do a whole video on your channel
Guys: menstrual cups don't sit just inside the opening of the vajayjay. Lol that's funny just thinking about that. How uncomfortable would that be?🤣 I haven't used them but they go up the vaginal canal and sit over\near the cervix. 🤭
I always laugh when kids make fun of old people as if they're going to remain young forever.
and arizona teas are still .99 for me and there's no tax
literally what menstrual cups are $10. it must be rubbing off microplastics and bha into ur gooch to be that cheap
Where are y’all getting $10 menstrual cups when mine was $45 🤨
Miracles on Myrtle Ave in Brooklyn, $45 with a very good tip. $118 is total bullshit. They must've been only looking at salon/spas or something, specifically in the most expensive parts of Manhattan, and definitely not barbershops. There are plenty of places you can get a cut for $30.
insulin is free in sweden
6 and some change in illinois and people  cheering for political parties
romania here, de la @Faiăr Silviu LIVE
Biden’s American Dream
I love you
Nobody should have to pay for insulin
When you coming to the UK for a tour? Bring Cody
I live in NY, and I can clari- SIKE don't believe anything u see on the internet....live in yo closest
me watching noel repeatedly rip on ohio from my home in ohio: :’(
For NY if you need one in Harlem shits like 30-50 like where did you get these numbers 💀
ain't no way you are paying weed that much💀
$60 for a mans haircut💀 its $10 in ireland
the ohio jokes felt oddly targeted
i work at Walgreens and a homeless guy used to come in every night to get a can of arizona iced green tea. our price recently went up to 1.06, and he stopped coming in for a while. that is why i knew exactly the answer the minute you said it!
Vote Republican, if you want to get somewhere in life.  They aren’t perfect, but they aren’t democrats.
I've been paying $6 for milk for 10 years or more, yes I choose organic because I care what I put in my body.
Ollie's grown so biiggg
Insulin isn’t the epipen of diabetes. Epi pens are for in case of emergency, insulin is something you need all day, every day. Anyway.
pleaseeeeee make a video abt nico rosberg meeting jeremy fragrance!!! it’s soo funny
how r u not comin to toronto
I literally just started to learn how to cut my own hair bc all the hair stylists in my city are expensive as hell. I'm not tryna pay $45 for a cleanup
Where do cats write notes?      Scratch Paper!
I’m daddy’s little kitten 😻💋
I'm from NY, no way in FUCK is anyone paying 118 for a cut
arizona tea is still 99 cents in kansas city if u get it from the pharmacy or a gas station some grocery stores mark it up
*Pigeon Nigga*  A pigeon straight out of the hood.
i like the style/editing of this video
Noel ever since you had a show in Kansas city you been talking mad shit what happened while you were here what caused this consistent bashing of my city
Had to stop watching after he trashed ohio. Noel, I thought you were better than that. I obviously watch your shows to recuperate after a long work day, and to hear you so easily slander the place I was raised upset me on an unbelievable level. Im sorry but you lost a subscriber today Noel
I live in Kansas. It’s cheap but getting more expensive with the economy sucking nugs and inflation soaring. I can’t imagine how expensive living on the coast is. Probably unbearable.
99 cents bought one today my guy. Arizona tea diff
either that chair is huge or noel is tiny
arizona is 1.29 i swear in canada too but who knows anymore
You Voted for him, now hows that working for ya !!
Bitch you tell me where tampons are $8
HE LOOKS FAKE
noel, medmen is corporate trash, you live in a rec state, buy local my dude
America needs to be more honest with their inflation to their citizens because being Canadian, even if you were to take out our taxes.....EVERYTHING IS WAYYY more expensive! You can't even get a hot dog for less than $6 anywhere and still the wage for low income is $14-15/an hour - mind you entry level. Our culture likes to keep us entry level even with education if you live in a tourist town because they REALLY NEED workers...Yet rent in south Ontario that is tourist areas from Toronto who the municipalities allowed to create all of the surrounding areas as "GTA".  Which stands for "Greater Toronto Area" You can't even get an 800 sqft basement apartment for any less than $2000, and you are in a town! This is allll after taxes because they take taxes off of your pay before you even get it, and then depending on the goods you buy, you tax them too. so anything taxed here is 0.13%. That's toward food, clothing, and any other goods. If it's seen as a necessity (randomly beer is seen as that here) it won't be taxed...you can buy junk food here and be taxed, but you can buy beer here (even though it's a type of junk food) and not be taxed...of course I'm not complaining...just putting things into perspective lmfao! Being our sister country I just wanted to bring some perspective....if we feel broke and you don't....there is something wrong! They are definitely making the inflation worse by not being honest! Our government is in many ways more shady than the Americans, but......to be able to afford a less than $2 dollar street meet....things are not being honest with our situation here in allllll of the atleast central west continent. I'm aware that America works differently and everything is broken up throughout different states and whole 50 of them, it's much harder for you to govern and the new laws coming out are horrific and sadly being from southern Canada and close the border we are having our own dialogue around woman's rites which I never thought could happen. But here in Canada we deal with only ten provinces which scope the entire part of this ENTIRE half of the continent America. The way we manage this half is Federal law which involves all ten provinces, then for each province you have it's on set "Provincial law" Standing for that province, and then going forward literally any 500 person village in any province will have it's own council building and church and government building etc. lol!  Just wanted to reach out and put out some perspective. Nothing more, nothing less <3 I wanted to educate our border friends on just how different it is here. For those who have never gotten to cross the border. Even though our lives are similar, the financial disputes and problems are VASTLY different!
Plan B is like 50 dollars....
Wtf was up with you on your podcast today?
why did you cancel west palm beach? :(
It’s $35 for 1/8
My insulin shipment got delayed during covid so I had to go to the pharmacy to get 2 vials, but since my insurance wouldn’t cover it since they already sent out the insulin it was $600 for two lil vials🧍🏻‍♀️
Arizona teas have gone up in price, but not legally. If the stores near you are selling it for more than .99 then you can call corporate and tell them about it and they'll try to fix it, but a lot of places have raised the price when they're not supposed to
My haircut 20 bucks la bro
Try 4 punches to the head and call someone who care in the morning!!!
Of course it's $28 million for a space flight, they don't want any old schmuck fleeing the planet with them. 😆
TWO THOUSAND TO SIX THOUSAND FOR MONTHLY RENT IN THE USA?
This video was a 9/10 but then the (👌) edit got me… 10/10. 13:50
damn noel u wasnt lyin about the canon c300
This is Bob.  😊  👚  👖  👞  He is 0 years old. Every like this comment gets he gets 1 year older. How old will he get?
not noel not realizing that the reason the price is so similar between regular gallon of milk and the half gallon of organic is because its half the amount.
honestly the $40 cans of formula last maybe 2-4 days with a newborn. so really when i had a baby i was paying that price because the cans were bigger. your guess was closer, i've never seen $15 baby formula unless it was TINY cans that last a day lmao. realistically people buy $40 cans
I enjoyed this
beer doesn't break down as a sugar so diabetics can still drink beer
A menstrual cup is definitely not supposed to go towards the opening, that'd hurt a lot if it sat so low, as we are very sensitive there.it goes in the vaginal canal like tampons do. And they are used like this, basically you fold them to put them in and unfolds once in the canal. That way the blood goes into the cup, and you empty it once at least every 12 hours (depending on how much you bleed ofc). It's reusable so much better financially and sustainability wise than single use products such as single use tampons and single use pads. 😊
This gave more Boar on the Floor vibes
noel you have transmen in your audience who use menstrual products!
To get braces in the UK or at least where I live is about £2000 according to my dentist, unless provided free by the NHS, which they will only do if it’s “necessary”. I would’ve preferred not to have rabbit teeth but my dentist must think it’s funny or something
The way this was filmed was so entertaining. It feels like whoever filmed it has ADHD
menstrual cups last like 10 yrs tho
everyone with a ring doorbell watching this in the dark rn know the terror
I dont Get how Americans survive! Everything is SO EXPENSIVE
Noel looks like Andrew Tate at certain points in this video and I hate that I see that
this format is PERFECT. this is it.
who remembers on the pod when noel did drink milk like that lol
A gallon of whole milk where I live is $1.72, are these LA prices?
love this viddy
noel is not a stoner confirmed
yes
my god! I have never paid more than $20-$25 for a haircut before tip, how TF is it double that on average? Blows my mind
Noels comedy plugs are equal to Jim Nortons
I'm a Canadian lady and honestly SCOFFING at those haircut prices. I won't pay more than $40
My dog heard the ring doorbell and lost her shit
I’m sorry but what kind of tampons are y’all getting for $8
please never stop this series
Wait where y’all buying tampons for $8??? I paid 20😭 lol n u kno these stats r based on non blk ppl for hair causeeee only $118in ny or to have $40 nationwide is crazy.
Me a man  in the  uk getting my hair cut for £10
Can always count on Noel to call me out on my shit teeth at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night
i was at once of noel's slc, utah shows and straight up there was a guy with a mullet in the front row who drop shipped baby formula, that joke was based on absolute reality
Use the like button below as a petition to bring back react with chat.
bro is pay 11.15 for a gram of grass😂🤦‍♂️
Where tf ya’ll gettin your weed at to be that much. Thems some rich white boy in capri shorts prices. An eighth is like 20-25 where I live
Arizona iced tea is still 99 cents here in Florida :/
Lmaoooo people buying weed for 38.50 an eighth gtfoutta here
No way we are guessing the same numbers. We suck at this.
As one of the women in the audience I can confirm we use menstrual cups to drink our blood out of
2:25 my dogs started barking tf outta the houssy
I’ve seen Arizona’s in the mid west be both 99¢ and $1.25
Plan B is like $40 CAD, $22 if you go to Costco
This video style was really engaging I loved it. Also Arizona tweeted 1.49 is their Canada price and it’s still .99 in the US
I dont think anyones ever payed a dog to do that Noel
As a dude from NYC I just gotta say that im getting my cut for $35 MAX
I’m way off, but I was right about it being an amount of money.
noel why are u always picking on missouri and stl 😭😭😭
what dispensaries are you looking at?? where i am an eighth of weed on the street is $35 and at the dispensary it’s usually $50-$60. im mad now
i like this video style noel, just letting u know because my opinion is the most important
"little rat holes" i knew missouri was coming
I’m in Oregon and Arizona’s are still .99 ¢
ayo trending
Damn the prices of haircuts is insane 😳 ive never paid for a haircut my whole life lmao
why Noel look like a reptile tis vid
Someone pls tell noel store brand menstrual cups don’t exist
Damn thats crazy $6 per gallon so $1.33 per litre so thats around £1 and a little bit per litre wtf we have been paying that for years am I paying £1.90+ per litre fucking scammeddddd. Lowest I've ever seen it in the time I have been driving is like £1.00 per litre so £4.50 a gallon during the first lockdown and I've been driving around 9 years. Imagine paying less for fuel than milk bro no way. But you guys obviously buy alot more so you get lower prices.
I live in Ohio and it’s not that bad guys! I mean yeah there are so many potholes it looks like the surface of the moon and yeah most people look like they are on the SuperSize me diet and yeah the browns are trash but we have a Great Lake! Not that I would eat anything that came out of it causes it’s so polluted.
is alex single
arizona’s are like $1.20 now
American here, can confirm that 200 quid is in fact $7.52 when you convert it
Who tf pays that much for a haircut
How you finna play BC and not Toronto 😭
The milk at my Walmart is like 3 a gallon
Loved this style of video. Appreciate the production y’all
Wtf in serbia a gram is 8 dollars this is insane
I love lactose free milk because it’s so much sweeter and tastes a lot better. Surprisingly cheaper too
Arizona tea where I’m at is anywhere from 1.29 to .79
115 for a haircut is wild
I said $30 before you mentioned it was a dispensary and I fucking laughed so hard when you said $25 oh baby boy no no no
“Little rat holes like Ohio” 🤣
Bruh wtf? $60 for a 0.6 gram dab cart?? That’s highway robbery, I get 1 gram carts for $20 here in Oklahoma
14:06 he's actually drinking straight milk in the backround. 😂
is noel not canadian? i know cody is but aint noel from toronto?
It's still twice as expensive as in Canada, but you can get a vial of insulin from Walmart for $75 over the counter without a prescription.
bruh no planb in Canada is $50 CAN😭😭😭
Lmfao the insulin hit me right in the feels..it’s sucks being a type 1 diabetic in the US💀 most people don’t realize you need multiple vials of insulin a month.. I pay thousands for my 9 vials😩
I live in CT and get my haircut for $25. Paying $118 for someone to shave your head is ridiculous
noel why did u cancel ur october tour dates :,(
Bro why you coming for Kansas City / Missouri so hard 😂
lame
the haircut part is a bit of bull ngl, cuz it incudes cutting and styling most of the time, I'm sure that if a guy just wanted to cut their hair they'd have it done at home, not like you need a licence for a pair of scizzors or an electric razor
Arizona where I live is 1.69 😭💀
Nah dispo weed prices are absolutely fuckin nuts
A good quality haircut in india is like $4-5 maximum...
Drinking an arizona now and can sadly say the price has went up, was paying 99 cents and increased about 30 cents more, living in Oklahoma which is in America btw
damn im tryna find the $10 menstrual cup
The majority of dentists in the UK are private, that’s why we don’t where braces
5:12 “why don’t you guys have braces?” speak for yourself lmao we literally get free braces. hell, i’m wearing braces i got for free right now 💀 sorry not sorry but this stereotype is weird asf
No Noel, you're out of time
In NY I get 20$ cuts and I always thought that was normal.. the crazy high priced places probably bring the Average up
bought an eighth from a dispensary for $50 got a q for $100 😭😭😭
Additional comment, as a diabetic the average price of insulin is not $175-300 it’s closer to $600-$1000
I'll gift you a fake Rolex if you come to Spokane, WA.
He did this as a bit at his comedy show in Charlotte and I can confirm Noel is out of touch
i live in sweden and i refuse to pay more than 1.50 for milk but you cannot get a womens haircut for under 250
Out of pocket Ohio slander
the algorithm is so rude. it never shows when u post a new video ): stop demonetizing noel!!!
Arizona are still .99 in the USA last I checked
Happy to be 1 of Noel’s 2 lady fans. If Noel wins a race he can fix inflation
Yes.
he called us chat. i haven’t heard that from him in ages.
Using this comment to show that there is more than 2 woman who watch this channel
I can get a hair cut for 20$ at this local barber. meanwhile women in NY spending 150$+
I’m loving this series Noel!!! Frick yes
where are y'all going that haircuts are anything over 35$
Glad to see the Ukrainian is doing okay still
U have the same doorbell as my grandma
I feel like the nyc haircut isn’t fair if you’re including all the boroughs since haircuts in queens or some part of Brooklyn are NOT the same as Manhattan. I got a haircut there in 2018.. it was $58 and it was a bad job, non-boujie barbers do it better and less expensive
Arizona stayed 0.99 and Arizona tweeted saying if you see them for more then report the store cuz they won’t sell them to them anymore
BRUH LITERALLY COME TO NASHVILLE WTF
Bro how are americans paying 65 bucks for a haircut I go to a high end barbershop and it’s 4 bucks 😭😭
I thought I was so smart noticing the green screen, until he mentioned the shirt. Man I've never felt so impotent.
So I’m a type one diabetic and didn’t have insurance for a hot minute and without goodrx, my insulin that would last me like a month would have cost me $483 now that I have insurance, it cost me $35 dollars 🤦🏼‍♀️😩
Why did you do so many pharmacy items
i’m in the city and i always get haircuts for like $15-20. $115 is ode for a haircut tf
In the UK if you're unemployed, have a disability that keeps you from working, you're retired or you live in Wales or Scotland, you actually don't have to pay prescription fees, so if any of those applies, I believe your Insulin is then free.   And as an aside, the braces thing is because if it isn't deemed medically necessary, or it's purely cosmetic, a lot of dentistry will have to be paid out of pocket. But anything deemed necessary I believe is also free.
An eighth of weed in Illinois at the dispensary is $80. Street prices have actually went down, it's like $25-35 street, so you'd be accurate there
Here in missouri I’d say hircut average is $20
it’s like you’re AVOIDING georgia at this point bro please bruh
Circle K raised the price of Arizona to 1.29 and I'm sure other companies followed. But the CEO of Arizona is keeping the price at 0.99, so it all depends on where you go.
Please come to Atlanta on the next tour
I have never bought baby formula for $15 lol. It’s always $35-$45
0:42 THE GREEN SCREEN 😭😭😭 NO CHILL
noel chill with the man-hating remarks i know u tryna appeal to the female fanbase but seriously it's just getting exhausting to hear them
what rules?
none of you demon spawn stand-up youtubers ever come to dallas.
Excuse me you're paying HOW MUCH for a haircut?????  I live in one of the most expensive cities in germany and pay 20€ for a womans haircut at a good hairdresser, wtf are these prices there.
aint no way im paying for than 20 plus a tip for a haircut( Canada tho)
Are women allowed to subscribe
Out of time. Out of my mind when you're not around.
"the two women in Noel's audience" he was on the pod literally weeks ago talking to ludwig about how the tmg audience is about a 50/50 gender split, i doubt his channel is much different lmao
I had a dream that you died last night and for some reason I bumped into Cody after a show and I was going to tell him but at that moment you walked out as well. My first concern was that I actually fell for a fake death article. But then we like hit it off and you were like, hey what’s your mobile man? And I just hand you my phone thinking that there is no way in the world we are about to friend it up. I was right, you used my phone to pull up venues you’d be performing at soon and that was it.
I’m in NYC and pay $20 for my haircut. That average is insane. Local places don’t charge more than $30 usually
not only is insulin cheap as hell in the UK, if you are diabetic you get a medical exemption from paying and therefore get insulin for free
To answer your question about the Arizona prices, my local gas station either sells them for $1 flat or $1.02 for taxes
YALL ARE PAYING $38USD FOR AN EIGHTH?!?!?!?!?!?!!? IN VANCOUVER I PAY $60CAD FOR AN OUNCE OF AAA+. No wonder Americans are always killing each other
I get my insulin from the vet for $30 and it lasts 3 months. Talk to your local vet. I'm sorry this sounds so messed up but, well, it IS.
Fun fact my dad buys his diabetic medicine from Canada and has it shipped to Florida .. america health care is a joke
in my city arizona is 69¢ lmao
LMAO Now this is good content! Keep it up 🤣
We pay a shit ton of taxes in the UK, hence meds are heavily subsidized - as they should be
wait till he finds out we have free health care in brazil
costs $1 to make insulin btw
it's the way he guessed TWELVE DOLLARS for a JAR OF PEANUT BUTTER
you are getting scammed my guy, i pay 18 dollars for a 1.1 gram cart at the dispo. it is the only perk of living in OK but i'm sure you could find a better deal of u shopped around
As a non-american. My jaw dropped at the cost of haircuts there. Wtf
In the UK, every prescription of any medication costs the same. So everything is $7.52 when prescribed
You guys are getting robbed on your haircuts! In New Zealand I thought spending $20 (usd) was a lot
PLAN B FOR $5 WHAAAA
I love how dispensaries are overpriced over there, but medical over here is half price
12:10 what is this deponia-ass music?
When you said mullets in utah you covered half of my highschool’s population right there
Arizona here is $1.09 because of bottle tax
me looking at the u.s after seeing the cost of insulin which should be free: huh 😀
$115 just for a haircut in LA? I got my hair bleached, toner AND a haircut for $72, wtf are y'all on
a fucking haircut costs more than a flask of insulin... how are there still people in america
I had no idea that you leave a tip at the barber in the U.S, I thought that was only at restaurants
after your take on the bored apes i'd say yeah def out of touch.
Wait this was actually informative asf
I will never pay more than $25 with tip for a haircut I just don’t care enough I’ll start doing my own lineups lol
Is Noel out of touch or is it that he just doesn’t use some of these things LMFAO
0:37 FACTS FACTS FACTS FUCK YOU OHIO
what kinda lunatic goes to Costco for a hotdog? might as well drive to the nearest school for some free lunch pizza for your pizza if that's the shit you're settling for
euhhjjj spuiten en slikken. greatings from the netherlands
is a 30 something year old bald man out of touch?
Please come back to to the Tampa Bay area
good to know that noel is still on the right side of the class war
this shit is not entertaining. it is not fascinating and enriching to boast about how rich you are. why are people counting this as entertaining content, i used to like your content Noel but some youtubers audiences literally are blind followers.clout culture is lame and the wealth disparity is higher than its ever been the toxic irony of society
The UK one for insulin is wrong. Its free. Diabetes is a chronic illness so the prescription charge doesn't apply. $0 baby.
As someone from the UK, for a lot of people insulin is free, almost all your meds can be gotten for free if you're under 25, a student, disabled or on benefits.
Dental in the uk isn’t covered by the nhs. Not enough anyway. Hence bad teef.
Easy question, just listen to his take on 'The Batman'...
Noel you are probably out of touch in the sense that you’re not a regular person. Like it or not you are a kind of celebrity. Idk if you’re Mariah Carey but if I saw you in the street I would most certainly say holy shit it’s that guy! That’s not normal.
I'm from Germany and the prices in the US are nuts lol even with inflation
Noel looking extra generic in this vid
me, Australian, wondering how much plan B is in America bc here it's like $15 which is what? $10USD?
The haircut thing blew me away, haircut for men here is 20 € at most, never heard anyone charging more than 25 for that!
never got the brit bad teeth stereotype when we have free dental care lol
Missouri lives rent free in Noel’s mind
dental isnt covered in the UK by the NHS once you're over 18 so bro that's why our teeth are fuckked
Arizona is as high as $1.79 in some places now
Huh
I’m in Australia and insulin is $6.95…I was flabbergasted
13:15 it’s still $0.99  Canada dollars be worth more than freedom dollars, $1 = $1.29 in Maple money  Also who the fuck pays that much for a haircut. I got a great cut for €17 at an independent place a few days ago
such a cool idea, love the vids recently
it's $0.99
It’s the laughing in the background that sent me lol
usually arizonas are either 99 cents or 50-60 cents where i shop
bro in what world do you find tampons for $8???? would love to know as one of two women here
Arizona Iced Tea is still $0.99 in America. It’ll be a freezing day in hell when it goes above a dollar. Actually if any store has it listed above $0.99 you can call AZ Iced Tea and report it.
Bruh, I’ve lived in New York City my whole life and I’ve never had a haircut that cost more than $40
No you’re out of time
this style of video is the right move bro, gives off chill hangout vibes (I hate using that word but that’s the best way to describe it). It honestly matches Noel’s humor perfectly.
I've never spent more than $30 for an 8th
Had to google what the price for insulin is here in Sweden. Apparently it’s free. Good to know if I ever get diabetes.
I doubt Noel has ever smoked in his life but damn he had it pretty much spot on for an eighth here in Denver.
The 35 for insulin in Canada is actually false and it’s only 35 if u have really good health insurance
noel im tired of the mental abuse of realizing you’re not coming to CO when i check your tour dates… get your sweet sweet ambiguous cheeks over to denver asap or youll be hearing from my lawyers
Alex i drink milk too ily
noel w the socks hiked all the way up 🔥🔥
Who the hell out here paying over 25$ for an 1/8 tf
Alex i love you.
Ngl I liked when he called us chat 😳  -a woman in Noel’s audience
As 50% of the two women in Noel's audience I just want to say thank you for bringing awareness to the price I pay when I bleed it means the world
It's just one banana, Michael, what could it cost, $10?
Arizona tea is still 99 cents here in Midwest
SPOCKSPOCKSPOCK
man from NYC here, nobody is paying that much for a cut 😂
Arizona Tea is 97 cents where I live :)
Good video thanks Norl
I love the Costco hotdog fact
get a SoundCloud please 🥺
Here in CT an Arizona is still 99 cents
.99 Arizona in the south for sure
As a new Yorker I do have them Dominican barbers that will cut ya joint for 20 😂
I’m in CT, close to NY. My cut is $40 including tip. But that’s just beard and a blowout.
They make arizona cans that are 99 c but they have to be the ones that actually say 99c, BUT arizona started selling plastic bottles and they got a new design, no 99c any more. its kinda scary to think what is in it that is so cheap you can sell it that low, so I'm not too surprised they found a way to wiggle out of their 99c promise.
In sc arizona iced t is still 99 cents but its the only place i know of where it is
WHY SOUTH CAROLINA VS LA??? LMAOOOO
Dog I pay like 48 for formula tf you mean
arizona in illinois is 79 cents
Yep, you’re out of touch. This man really said “overpriced” and then said $25 for 3.5 grams of weed. Street price is $35 my dude 🤣🤣🤣
I love you noel but every single thing you said about an eighth and dab pens was painfully inaccurate
Please do a video, with or without Cody on this years Love Island
---Disclimer---  The following comment is done for educational purposes only, and is meant to help any homies out who might be traveling up north anytime soon.  The last time I went to the pot shop in Alberta Canada (Where $1 is worth $0.78 USD as of 11:43 PM Tuesday July 26th 2022), which was a couple of days ago. The cheapest you could buy 'an eighth of weed' (Or as we say here: 3.5g) for, was $13.57, and it was the gross stuff that is still technically weed, but like if you smoke weed enough you know how hard it is to smoke without coughing or gagging. The cheapest 'decent' strain was $22.75. The average 'good' strain ranged from $28.50-$34.90, and the most expensive stuff was $67.32 and that was like TOP KNOTCH stuff.
I had a trans guy friend once say to me that cishet men who watch Noel “don’t get the vibe” so glad to be one of the two women in Noel’s audience
As one of the two women in Noel’s audience, that gif was accurate
insulin is free in sweden, but we pay 52% of our income in taxes sooo.
My gas station near me is $3.69 per gallon in South Carolina.
I’m from CT and Arizona is still .99¢ it’s all we have left that’s not incredibly expensive lol
Ayyy SC gas down 3.50 now tho😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨
Nah that price for Ny men hair cut wildd son shits not that high unless you goin to manhattan, you were right like 40$ average
Nick socks Noel
I live in Canada and I got my first can of Arizona like a week ago and it's $2.25 here
arizona is still .99 the owners are cool italian foos who have debunked several pics, and say they will never raise the price
him calling us "chat" when he hasn't streamed in over a year is evil
The pope in the background when Noel said "Am I out of touch?" 💀
WHO TF IS PAYING OVER $100 FOR A HAIRCUT????? That is WILD!
Him thinking $10 isnt that big of a difference speaks to his out of touchness but to be fair, I didnt know the price for like half these things
omfg i was not expecting to see Spock at 2:35
What man in NY is spending that much on a haircut?? Mine's like $20.
Arizona tea is still 0.99 in literal Arizona so…
Is this Andrew tate adopted cousin
Why does Spock look wet? My boy is SOAKED
No, you're out of time
i pay 12 for my haircuts in texas
Most likely, yes
I honestly can't even judge Noel since I worked in a grocery store for almost 4 years and I would never remember the price of anything
Real quick I know we just passed a bill this year that will put a cap on insulin to $35 a vial in 2023.
Watching from Texas and I’m like “well I guess things could be worse”.
Damn its 20 bucks an 1/8th here in denver co, and 1 gram concentrates are the same price
gotta love a lil spock cameo
TMI, but for anyone who doesn't know about those cups, they have a rim that suctions around the cervix to collect menstrual blood. They are also reusable and happen to be a thousand times less painful than trying to finger out a rod of mostly dry, bloody cotton out of your vagina.
damn you really called my city a rat hole!?!
Ooh yeh daddy make that lil kitten purrrr
this is irrelevant but Noel's eyes are beautiful as hell
13:20 hurt me
a circle k near me had arizonas for 1.39$ and the next day there weren't arizonas in the drink isle, do with that information what you will
Damn bro noel buyin .5 g carts for 50 dollars, bro next time you're in oklahoma hmu and we'll snag you some good quality full gram carts, 5 for 100$
i love alex n cash 🫶🏼
hearing the .6g dab pen be around $50 is insane to me cuz at my dispo there's $40 pens with 1.1g in it
loved this concept!
Y’all are paying $40 for a men’s haircut??? I’m in San José paying $16 (before tip)
why’d i think a lot of noels audience was girls😧🧌
Damn I only pay 3.96 for a gallon of milk
I read in an article that if the stores selling Arizona teas would raise the price about .99, they would stop supplying the store
nice
Nice Drugs Lab reference clip
Bru I pay 15 for a darn haircut
When Noel said there’s probably some Dominicans who do a haircut for like $25 he isn’t wrong!!! I checked my local barbers prices and the most basic haircut is literally $25 I can’t even
Where I’m at, arizona iced teas have definitely never gone up
what’s the song at the end called? the link doesn’t work
Organic milk is stupid especially in Canada because all milk in Canada is organic lmao
Love this!!!
My NYC haircut is $65 before tip
boar on the floor energy
your teeth are so pretty wtf
Noel getting ripped off on his carts bro
me, a person from ohio: wow we gettin hella shoutouts
Why don’t u ever tour thru Washington man… like fr I’d see u in a heart beat but I don’t wanna fly to another state to do so
im men from nyc and that shit is cap
Yes! You mainly appeal to teenage girls now.
bro the beginning for my mind blown 🤯🤣🤣🤣🤣
I like this video style!!
My haircut is $12 lmao
no u cant get plan B for 5$
5:15 bold of him to put that in there when his producer has a donkey laugh dinn'he?
Dude looks like young Scotty kilmer lmao
25 for an eighth of street ouid is lowballing too at this poin tbh
im not used to this bright lighting lmao
not the pope when u say touch
Noel mentioning Kansas City makes me happy
what does noel have against kansas city so much 😭
Noel not realizing an eighth is 3.5 grams is surprisingly wholesome
I pay 25 for my haircut. that's prolly in Manhattan bringing it up
Arizona iced tea is $1.05 over here in South Dakota.
Canada=free
Arizona is $1.09 and I’m in SoCal
Insulin in the uk is actually free, I get all my prescriptions for free for life because of my diabetes
My guy plan b in Canada is 40-60$ CAD not 5
haircuts in NYC are not fucking 118$ average, you are correct about the amount of dominican barbers that will do that shit for 20 dollars right now.
Arizona holding it down tbh. Still 0.99 but the stores can charge for more I think
Noel I know you're getting your hair cut at Floyd's Barbershop, with that $30 guess
im a woman living in Chicago and for $12 this Iranian woman fucks my hair up once every six months
Ayy
I have not seen a menstrual cup be under $30 🤔
Barber shop in BK NY runs me $15 for a buzz n $25 for a fade ain’t no way th average is 100 n cents 😭
Bruuuuuuuuuuuh yall are paying 40$/eighth at the dispensary? Here in the people's republic of Canada you can get an O for 90$, and an eighth can be as low as 15$ or as high as 45.
“the two women in noel’s audience” i know more than 2 women that watch noel, i know double the number of women that watch noel than i do men
Got my haircut in NYC last week, it was $20. It was with Dominicans. Spot on
Do this but with geoguesser so you just get random places throughout the globe
Noel has no choice but to be humble because dude is 5'4
Not the ad to this video being for chocolate milk 💀
Bro the barber next to my house is like 25 what the hell is 45 average u telling me NJ going cheap
I live in nyc I have never gotten a haircut for than 40 bucks
He was right about the mullets in Utah
gimme mooore of this🙏
Me , a motherfucker , in Utah , with a mullet : /
I only get a haircut once a year, and last year it was $20. I walked in this year with only $25 in my pocket, just to see halfway through the cut that it had risen to $28. The barbers are old asian men and were super nice, letting me off with not paying the full price. I felt so bad though, so I walked back and paid the rest, including even more of a tip.
Dude no way, I’ve never spent more than $20-$40 for a haircut in NY, those are gentrified barbershop prices
This will make me back in touch so I can not watch this
And this is why I cut my own hair…
Pardon me, but could you spare some grey poupon???
did you get rid of your stop in Oklahoma for your tour? i was really looking forward to going but I can't find it on your tour website anymore?
These LA prices just confirming I will never leave the Midwest bc how the fuck y’all livin like this?!?! SIX DOLLARS FOR GAS?!?!?
In Texas insulin is around $100
eighths that are actually grown right and what most people actually want are sadly taxed up to $50-80
I like in Oklahoma and I pay the man $20 for a haircut. That includes a $5 tip.
Bro I thought this was a deepfake. Noel looking too good
I feel personally attacked with how much he shit talks kansas city.
blue origin work with seat geek or?
As a man who lived in NYC for a while, hell no the haircuts weren’t $100 😂 maybe some spots in manhattan, but the Dominican spots in any other borough will get you right for $20 plus tip and there are many to choose from
i have recently bought an arizona tea for 99¢ at a gas station (i live in sc)
We do have braces Noel -the U.K.
Plan B in Canada is about $40  Wish it was $5..:(
As the second woman in Noel’s audience - I didn’t know the price of a menstrual cup
As the second woman in Noel’s audience - I didn’t know the price of a menstrual cup
Just be cute and have good hole and you will never have to pay for grass
Spent 300 on my hair in my college town. Nothing beats college town prices🤤
bro whos paying almost $40 for an eighth??? and where do you live whiteboy?
weee in canada is so much cheaper
If tampons were 30 bucks I'd kill myself
its been a few years since my last haircut, but i live in new york city and the most i've paid for a haircut is like $35-40
little rat holes like ohio and missouri...me, a guy from st louis that went to ohio state
Noel with the new setup
i love noel miller
arizona stays 99 cents and in canada its 1.29 bc the dollar is different but the price hasnt changed and i dont think it ever will. If you catch a store selling it over priced, you can call an arizona representative and report it lmao
ALEX SHOULD TALK
its been years since you, cody, and spock all did a video together. Please do one
I pay like 30 bucks for a haircut in NYC
7:22 understanding of the famine nature 🥵
don’t even bring up insulin bruh i’m gonna get HEATED
Arizona in TN/AL is like $1.39
Come to Phoenix scitzo
The fact that the cup is only 10 dollars in America is so wack. Same with tampons those mfs are like 15-20 dollars in Canada
I am poor and I can’t guess this all correctly. I don’t pay that much attention, I just scan for the cheapest thing.
a mens cut in new york is like 40-50 they are bugging with that number lmao
A box of tampons is NOT $8! More like $17!
He's really discount Andrew tate
That first one got me, I live in Michigan and we're currently producing way more weed than dispensaries are selling so you can get a dispensary eighth for $17
This is a quality upload
I mean it’s one banana Michael, what could it cost, $10??
Didnt even watch the vid. The answer is yes
As a man from nyc a haircut is 14-20ish bucks, that's from the Dominicans, indians, and the Koreans. Dominicans usually charge more and is where most people go (that I know of)
I’ve been enjoying watching your setup shift and evolve as you find what works best for you creatively. Noel’s videos are like a box of chocolates…
As a woman making a barely average wage (for my area) who lives alone and buys my own groceries; I was way off on just about everything. Prob bc I don’t look at the price of anything and get to the register saying “how tf did I spend this much???”
Just bought an Arizona Iced Tea  in Connecticut and they are still $.99 here!
we pay 1.29 for Arizona iced tea up here in canada to confirm
you'll go to ohio but won't come to philly. you are sick.
We do have braces in the uk, and they're free!
Vice the new set up really feels like a good tv show or something. 🔥 🔥  🔥
As someone who lives in New York, if you are paying 118 for your cut as a dude you are getting fucking robbed. Noel was right, you can get a good cut for cheap you just gotta know where to go.  EDIT: Also now that I'm thinking about it, the average price in NY is probably jacked up so high because of city prices. Like sure, if you count Manhattan barber shops and salons I imagine that shit is ridiculously priced for literally everything (not just cuts). But literally anywhere else in NY is gonna be cheaper than that.
$15 for baby formula? Where 😂
Take your ass at $10 train ride out the city and get a haircut for 20 or 30 bucks tops .... 🤔 😉 🤣
Glad I live in sc
Arizona is up. $1.25
Am man from nyc, that average isn’t for a normal dude haircut. Most places I see $35-45
Honestly the style of this video is unlike anything I’ve ever seen and I absolutely love it. The half sit-down talk to the camera half vlog style with the random audio in the background and cutting between the green screen is something very new snd engaging
over $100 for just a haircut is outrageous, i can pay $120 for a wash, blow dry, and 5 hours of getting my hair braided-
I'm a woman and one of the best things is just to learn to do it yourself tbh. I have manual clippers for when I want it short and hair scissors for longer. gloves and a mixing bowl for color and bleach. I only go to a pro if i want a specific color and no ones been able to tell the difference
Literally just sat down after buying an eighth to watch this lmao
This video made my eyes hurt, lots of flashing between blinding white and neon green
Thought someone was at the door when the doorbell rang..
$40 USD for an EIGHTH???!!!!!!!!! In BC Canada you can get an OZ from a random teenager for $80 CAD and it’ll be some solid shit
kinda mad you’re spending 50 60 bucks on a half gram cart 😭😭😭
Loved this format and seeing all the buds.
noel the pen you talked about at the beginning of the vid is equal to roughly an eighth of weed, the measurement you gave was the volume of the concentrate lmao I used to get those all the time before I allegedly got a better dealer than dispensaries
Why does everyone wanna dog on Ohio
Just found this today! This was soo entertaining 😂🥳 Aloha y’all from Hawai’i
As a Hispanic in NY, its 15 to 25 idk who paying 100 that shit goofy
As I'm eating a bowl of honey nut Cheerios.lol
i’ve never payed more than 35 bucks (with tip) for a haircut/ lineup in NYC
Is noel wearing makeup or something? His face looks too clean. Like its edited
I guessed 65 for an eighth lol
A menstrual cup is a small silver plated trophy you get after completing you 100th period
As someone that doesn’t live in the US, 20 bucks for a haircut seems astronomically high
Arizona is still 99 cents! Unless the store carrying it increases the price, Arizona tea founder says it’s staying 99
For the other diabetics out there, Walmart pharmacy sells insulin for $20-40
when he said “chat” … I miss loserville.
I get a haircut as a dude for $15 in NY lmao. Don’t know where tf it’s $118
ok but ur so handsome dude. please stop
an eighth is 3.5g right? that’s like $35 @ $10 a g
how does noel get more and more handsome 🥺🥵
This is why as a woman I cut my own hair and pray for the best
I live in NYC and there’s a barber literally in my building that cuts hair for $35, and i feel like thats the price i see posted every where around here. idk what finance bro in Murray Hill is paying $118 to look like an intern in the wolf of wall street
Alex’s look in this video is kinda gender ngl
2:32  currently watching this video w my wife and she looks at me and says charlies(critikal)’s girlfriend just dropped them off food😂😂😂
Arizona still .99 but me, I’m in Michigan
Got an Arizona for 0.99 cents today I can confirm
Plan B is $30 in 🇨🇦
Arizona - $0.99
no way we have the same doorbell alarm
favorite video in a while
Um hello can someone please confirm I just saw cody and noel in a Bose game of thrones commercial
1.00 for Arizona here
Arizona teas are .99 in florida
I live in NYC and get my hair cut by a Dominican man for $15-20
WHERE ARE THE STREAMS😭😭
$50 for a half gram of concentrate?? i get a full for $30 in CO :p and oregon is even cheaper
Arizona is 99 cents in PA
fun fact.. at costco you can get plan b for like $6
Arizona tea is .99 in most grocery stores but my winco sells them for .75
Arizona is 99 cents in America and like 1.22 is Canada cause that’s about 99 cents American
Bro hahahaha I gotta get some tickets to see Noel do stand up yo this video is funny as hell
This is just another level of excellent. Love the direction y'all are taking with editing and comedic timing. The whole shebang. So good yall making me comment with my hands.
The average price of a hair cut in the us is close to how much I make in a week in brazil, I think I am literaly poorer than a homeless dude in LA lol
You're out of touch I'm out of time But I'm outta my head when you're not around
as a south carolinian, why are you guys paying $50+ for haircuts? my brother's is $20, cus my mom tips $5. $20+ for TIDE PODS??? legalized weed has done y'all so wrong.
Noel you live in LA, you and everyone there is out of touch
is that really how cheap even a dispo is on the west coast ?
i got the best haircuts of my life in NYC when I lived there a few years ago and paid $20 before tip.
spock walkin in shaking the paper bag is so funny man lol
noel lack of beard growth proves he has some mexican in him
I'm buy no means well off, but I am an idiot so I also got the guesses all wrong
You should be on the price is right
Arizonas are usually only .99 when its printed on the can, if its not theyll charge more.
do you not go grocery shopping?? 🥲
My insulin is $500 but I do get like a pack of 5 which is supposed to last 5 months
I live in Manhattan and I only pay $50 for a cut. They straight razor shave your face and shit too. Find an Italian barber shop and you'll be set.
My barber charges $14 for a haircut
wtf is baby formula, my seed gon eat popeyes chicken
“I mean, it’s one banana, Michael. What could it cost—10 dollars?”
Bro I’m getting good ounces for like $45 where tf is it that much for an eighth. I’d be crying 😂
I'm a super-regional truck driver for one of the major carriers in the country. For me, milk is nearly $5 for 50 oz., and that's 'when' you can find it. In the last 2 years, the major truck stops have not only stopped selling gallon milk, but they've also stopped selling half gallons as well. You can buy a friggin' case of beer at these truck stops, but you can't get a gallon of milk. Though, it's really not surprising, just typical corporate filth.
that's NOT the average price of a haircut in any of those places...
Right off the bat Noel thinking an eighth at a dispensary is 25 bucks got me. It ain’t 2017 anymore.
Did this in the middle of peak inflation lmfaooo
Loved this but the green screen had me shook
arizona iced tea is $.99
I’m glad to see that Noel still has it out for Naperville IL
Bitch wtf you mean 118 bucks for a haircut? What kind of fucking haorcut is that bullshit? Just get a clipper man, fuuuuck.
bruh my barber here in nyc, for an all-scissor cut, is like $40. And that's at my nice barber. the rich boys might be skewing that mean value a shitton.
I literally work at a grocery store and got half these wrong
Ion know man I’m from the bronx in nyc and like you said my cuts are like 20 bucks
i never get bored of the "you need to leave" sound
Braces in the UK are free for 16 and under
Dude I get my hair cut at like great clips or whatever, that shits only like $15. How are women paying $150 for a haircut?!?
it's not showing up on the calendar at the link for west palm beach tickets. :(
my cat attacks the screen whenever it cuts to noel
If it isn't .99 I go to a different store it still says .99 on the can I'm not paying a cent more
I love getting to see Spock and Alex lol! The energy is very nice.
My god are haircuts in the US expensive, here in Costa RIca the average is about $10 for a mens haircut
I think the CEO of Arizona insisted on keeping the price at 99 cents
Bring back the fake rolex
sad canadian reporting that plan b is unfortunately like $40 here, we may have healthcare but there's a lot of weird grey areas
A basic principal of economics is that the price of milk and gas correlate and tend to rise and fall to around the same prices. 😘 Edit: from New York here. If you go to a Dominican barber uptown or in the Bronx, it's more like a $50/60 haircut. 😉
out here getting 40 dollar ounces just live in a state that grows way too fuckin much 4head
Honestly fuck you for saying chat my heart skipped a goddamn beat and my head shot up…never thought I’d hear that word come out of your mouth again
Still 99 cents
arizonas are still .99 where i live
If my friend and I go to all four shows in cuse can you point at us and laugh at the fourth show please it’s my birthday today and that’s my one wish
Arizonas are 1.35 here
Man, I got my freshest cut in bogota Colombia, cost 27000 pesos which is worth a little less that $7. Crazy.
I'm in the middle of nowhere America and I pay $15 ($20 with tip) for a women's haircut
Arizona still 99c where I am
In my state an eighth is usually around $50-$60 from the average dealer. Not legal here recreationally tho. Unless bought in bulk of course
you are really underestimating the amount of women in noel's audience; this is not ludwigs channel
In Chicago, the average haircut is usually $20-25, mostly in local neighborhoods. But if you go to an high end barber is usually a lot higher, probably like over $60
I will never forgive you for calling me 'chat'. its on sight noel miller
I've traveled the world Ohio is where it's at
Menstrual cups are defo closer to $30
Ok I'm in wa and haven't bought real flower in too long but an eighth before legalization was 40 so who is still paying that?! Its like 25 last I bought!
14:05 put those grippers away
lol
Lmao come to Colorado for help with that first one ;) dirt cheap
This just tells me I need to not be in the us
Spock?
The exchange rate between Canada and US is a little different so 1 USD is around $1.25 in Canada.
It's worth noting that the insulin itself costs nothing to the patient in the UK. The 7.52 is a prescription fee paid to the pharmacy that you collect it at. Most drugs, especially life saving ones like insulin are completely free, and if you live in Scotland then the prescription charge is free so you pay nothing (except taxes to support the service. It's gotta come from somewhere obviously)
I look like the mixed version of you with a beard lol
baby formula is WAYYY more than $25. one enfamil can is almost $50
I enjoy how chaotic this video is
the dominican barber shop comment was a violation lol
I want to know what menstrual cups these guys are looking up because whenever I buy mine they’re like $30-$40
i pay $30 in NYC LMAO where tf are these guys getting cuts
“I usually buy pens… for other people” Noel that doesn’t sound any better
We do have braces in the UK and they’re free
Production got noel looking white in this one
Don’t know where they got that $10 menstrual cup bc they def are 30-35
I bought an electric razor for $30 and haven't paid a barber since covid started
I don't really understand the quoted price for insulin in the UK, healthcare is completely free here so I assume that's the price the National Health Service is paying to the manufacturer? Either way, price for the patient is £0
I haven't seen the video yet but I can confidently say, yes, you are out of touch old man.
where are y’all getting your haircuts? i pay $20 and have since high school
Who's the other women audience beside me, lets be friends <3
Sometimes Noel says words in Spanish correctly and sometimes he says them incorrectly and I feel like he does it to hide the fact that he's half Mexican but he can't hide from me
This made me realize I think some things are a lot more than what they are🤣 it’s tax that does it
bro idk where u are buying ur weed from but these prices are bonkers. i can get 2oz of flower for less than $50 in some places where I live lmao. Carts are always a gram and range from $25 to $70 usually. Gotta find urself some better deals
Why noel going more pale in summer, I haven't even watched the vid, I'm british🧍🏿‍♀️a.s
shopping at medmen is def out of touch behavior
Costco hotdog is the last remaining stable coin
Hey man, do a show in alaska
i recently got arizona iced tea for 75 cents sooooo...
bruh how tf people in america give 118 dollars for a haircut when in my country i can live off that money for half a month
bruh they wil'n, my barber in Brooklyn would do me right for $30
all arizona where i am (ohio) has been 99 cents
Dude $38.50 is sweet compared to 60 to 100 Street prices..not that I know
people who think drinking milk is weird are so strange
Noel add a Minneapolis spot
u should try do this video concept but with the cost that native communities have to pay like alaska, hawaii, & native americans
As far as I know Arizona tea is still $0.99
arizona is still 99 cents!!!!!
That Utah mullet reselling joke hit me a little too hard
OOF food is almost twice as expensive in Canada rn. 😭
i want a burrito now
2:00 up here in maine I can get a 1/4 of weed for the price of a cali 1/8
arizona is still 99¢ here lol
No you’re not out of touch we are
The baby formul ashortage is not because of people bu7ying and reselling, they closed major formula manufacturers plants...
In Brazil, insulin is 100% for free
Tbh I'm a grown ass woman and I still don't understand what menstrual cups do. I ain't putting nothing up there lmao
i literally just bought an arizona ice tea and they still $.99 if you get it in the can
I have never hear of a haircut above $30 and i live ine Vancouver where to live in an abondoned shack costs 9M
If noel thinks his rap music is good then he’s wickedly out of touch
hey bro, at least you don't have a rolex
fellas...is it gay to deep throat a Chipotle burrito on camera
why do you look like andrew tate when you look @ the camera
Bruh it is not 120 for a haircut in nyc 😂
5:18 I know its a joke but we do actually get free orthodontic care bellow 18 and if you have messed up teeth they will refer you there (from the free dental care checkups) and fix them. My teeth where very mildly wonky and they rectified that shit.
dont slander ohio you dirty californian..... jk lmao ohio is great though
In Hawaii it's closer to $10 for a gallon unfortunately
Its crazy the price differences from just the east coast to the west coast or state to state. I get a cheaper gallon of milk than normal at a grocery store (which should be cheaper than a drug store or smaller store) and its local and its almost $7. Its been going up all the time so its probably $7 now. It was $6.80 last time. The other brands of milk are more expensive. Other stores its more expensive. Theres one brand thats like $6.40. So when he said $4 for gallon of milk thats crazy!
where the FUCK are they getting these haircut numbers from? At least for men its WAY off
man from new york, i got long hair cause the other choice is poverty
why is Noel whiter than normal in this video
Arizona is nearly $2 now smh no less than 1.25
Bro an eighth of weed in Illinois is like 55$ at a dispo 😂
He sounds 15 when he says “let’s go”
Does anyone know why he took the Tulsa shows off his tour :(
idk about most places, but the winco in my town sells Arizona for $0.68
Noel is so LA smh
Man people getting hair cuts that expensive damn. I get 13 buck haircuts
as a person with a mullet who is from utah, can confirm.
Why you so bright and white at the start ahahahah
Arizona Tea still 99¢ where I am
If you ever include that RING sound in a video and set off the 4 dogs and parrot in this house again I will personally find you Noel
yo sick set up dude
The doorbell at 2:25 is the exact same bell/door scanner the other company in my office building have so i head it 500x a day and it triggered me
lmk where you buyin an 8th for $25 pls
The subtitles need to stop who are you a Minecraft funny clips YouTuber
The average haircut in nyc for men is no way 115 I don’t know a single head who would pay for that. 20 - 40 max for most people
Anything near $100 is laughable in NY for a haircut. 20$ plus tip anything more and you’re getting ripped.
Love this! Bringing guests in and doing different games would be a cool series
As a diabetic from the uk everything is free but the braces part the teeth part of healthcare is an iffy one lmao
The offense I took at calling Missouri at rathhole, has me wanting to give you a presentation on Missouri.  And then debate you on it. Lol
I always went to Dominican papis when I lived in NYC and it was between 15-25 every time
arizona tea is still .99c in the DMV
So funny daddy good job on this video!
lol $38 for an eighth isn’t that crazy
As a man from New York I have to confirm a haircut is expensive. And also Arizona cans are still a buck here.
You should do US and compare it to European countries
Arizona tea is definitely 99 cents still. It's 1.29 in Canada and people get that confused a lot
this absolutely rocked, so funny - ready for ep. 2
Arizona is still $0.99
Ratholes, like Ohio... Come out to my show in Columbus. Noel Miller, master of marketing.
Noel has uploaded my life hurts a little bit less now
I live in Indiana and can still get Arizona tea for 99¢
Arizona still $0.99 here but has 8% tax @ $1.08 per can.
Give him the mic back
Before even watching the video my answer is yes
Bruh in Charlotte hair cuts are $15-30
i was just thinking about spock today!! and also alex 🥹😭
The UK does have braces & they’re free! The UK has significantly better oral health standards than the US. Unfortunately we just look like this
Come to the ultimate rat whole… CLEVELAND
When your perception of good or bad healthcare relies on the price, as a male, of Plan B lol
noel you starting to be so LA ...... :(
Spock lookin like a middle-aged stripper, just showered after waking up at 1pm after a long night.    Source: 10 year old me having a best friend whose mom's stripper name was Redd, and made us cold-in-the-middle Hot Pockets after showering at 1pm.
Arizona ice tea’s CEO refuses to raise the price of the can. The can still says 99 on it. If it’s higher than 99, it’s the store not the company.
As a woman I refuse to pay more than $25 for a haircut those prices are insane
I don't know where they're getting that insulin cost. There's lots of different insulin types, depending on the type it can go for over 2500 dollars for a one month supply in the US. I don't know what type they're talking about but it should have been way more expensive
not noel teasing us abt twitch chat .. wow
Wow your weed is expensive. Live/Cured Resin 1 gram carts here in Oklahoma are 25 dollars. Often high 90's THC and 5-17% terpes.
38 for an 8th boy that list mustve been made by a white suburban kid
Watching Alex explaining how to insert a menstrual cup is the content I didn’t know I needed from Noel’s channel
nice skin king
Can confirm, Ohio is rathole
What kind of haircut does noel get
It’s 1.29 for an Arizona if you live close enough to drive to his show, 99c if you live in Kansas city
That overexposed camera angle is a jumpscare
To be fair Noel's guess on insulin isn't far off from its price without insurance. In Atlanta, I've had friends move to other states to afford their insulin.
Also I can get an 8th for £25. 🤫
Even the people giving the prices are outta touch
A $10 menstrual cup would probably be massively uncomfortable compared to a $30-$40 one.
HIS FACE WHEN HE HEARD THE DOORBELL LMFAOOO
This been one of my favorite videos from you oh my god 😭😭😭
Not only am I British, but I also worked in a Pharmacy. And I'm not sure where you got £7.25 from? If your diabetic in the UK your exempt from prescription charges. And even I you did pay its £9.35 per item on the script. But there are certain conditions where you get free healthcare #savethenhs
i live in florida and arizona is still 99  cents
Spock walking in from falling in love in the rain
so if I'm one of the women who's the other one
Arizona is still 99 cents where I live in Ohio.
Never in my life have I seen a cup less than $25 😭😭😭
Hold on who’s finding $8 tampons?!!
I feel like Noel just called me out directly, I live in Ohio and spent half my childhood in Missouri.... How'd he know lol
Why is Noel looking at me full frontal like it’s Oblivion?
i live in canada alberta and ive never had or met someone that has had a haircut that costed more then like 26$
Come to Seattle Joel
Costco hotdog threw me off. In Canada it’s 1.50 so ig they don’t care that our dollar ain’t worth shit lmao
I loved this set up
So is that the price for like a gallon of insulin or like a days worth lol
99 cents for AriZona in Michigan 👌👌
dispensaries are literally so insanely expensive anymore. weed just got legalized for recreational use where i live last year and some of these rec shops that are opening up are deadass trying to charge $50 or more for an eighth. The shops that only sell to medical card users seems to stay pretty reasonable however.
Come to ottawa or Toronto goddamn it
Went to the tour as my first stand up show and if you think there is real genuineness in noel and not just some youtuber u may be right
Arizona is still 99¢ most of the places I go. Granted, I don't live in LA, but all along the east coast I've been able to find it 99¢, sometimes even lower, so don't come for Arizona
sick vid noel
I wouldn't mind getting Alex and his donkey laugh back.
Tbh Noel really got the Dominicans in NYC hair scene so right. My woman’s hair cut is 30$ Gracias 🙏🏼
I'm out of touch, touch, I'M OUT OF TIMMMEE!! BUT IM OUT OF MY HEAD WHEN YOU'RE NOT AROUNNNDDD WOAAAAHHH WOOOooOOAAHHHH
Am I out of time? All I know is that I'm out of my head when you're not around
restock the shop yo
I live on long island ny n just a regular haircut is around $20 but if ur going to a salon n getting some crazy shit done n getting it washed n shit it will.be around $100
Bruh $118 for a haircut is absolutely nuts, I don't think I could ever justify paying that much. I'm lucky I get my haircut from one of my mom's friends and she never charges me more than $20 + tip.
Arizona iced tea cans have definitely gone up they don’t even print the label with .99 anymore
Amy brother has diabetes and i learned it’s like 2 dollars to make
Here in Ohio, it’s still 99 cents for an Arizona. See we’re not the worst state 🥲
The store I work at sells Arizona tea for 0.69¢😎
Those insulin numbers are not really correct. It’s 25$ at Walmart
was this filmed with a new camera? it’s just so high-def
yes.
Arizona's are 99¢
I just gotta say weed in the US is wayyy too expensive. I usually get 1gr of premium weed for a dollah
Americans are paying so much for hair cuts sheeesh. I can get a £10 haircut in the UK
his skin looks so good
Bruh I live in NYC. I ain’t never paid more than $35 in my life for a cut wtf😂
This video made me question Noel's ethnicity even more
Bruh I get my shit cut in Manhattan and it’s 30
In Harlem I get my cuts for 15-35$ depending how much hair and if I get beard done too
Almost peed my pants at little rat holes like Ohio and Missouri
bro you need to get rid of that bi lighting u got in em other videos cuz gawd damm. boi ur pale brother. on another note, great content big guy.
Noel
Yes
Meanwhile at the dispensary where I live, and 8th is usually $50-$60  Getting it under $40 would be damn good deal 😭😂
Just a fun fact from an American living in Scotland, a medical care (including all prescriptions) is actually completely free! Even for student visa holders
I live in Missouri and can confirm, it's a shi- rat hole.
My mentstrual cup cost me $40
how much is an actual haircut in USA?
Great vid man keep it up 👍
Noel is giving Mike Shinoda lookalike contest today.
Omg why is so white..?
Where in the world are y'all cutting your hair?
arizonas are still 99c in norcal thank god
Cant wait for Noel to blow up and act like he don't know nobody
production is always so fcking good. and I’m laughin. 👍🏼
appreciated the missouri shoutout <3
$100+ for a HAIRCUT?? It's probably like £10 - 15 on average in the UK...
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
Haircuts in US are ridiculous! In SA you can pay 5$-15$
if you listened to an episode of your podcast you’d know lol
Noel putting the light in lightskin
You should really not say to your fans to buy and watch all of the ads in your video i dont think it’s illegal but it’ll definitely get your video taken down
glad to be one of the two women in Noel’s audience
Ayo what did Ohio ever do to you?? Ya know what, I understand actually.
Blue Origin rich for life 🤟😩🤮
Wtf Noel? Why is Missouri catching strays? Most of these other bumfuck nowhere states don't even have one big city and we've got two, so get out of here with that slander.
I loved this video idea ❤️ It was fun as hell to watch 👁🫦👁
Other guy was right, Arizonas are always $0.99 which converts to 1.29 canadian, people just frequently repost the same picture of a Canadian can every time the world is going through some shit and people just believe it.
Why Noel look extra good in this video jeez
Noel trying out these new ideas is fun, I think this would be more enjoyable to watch if Noel hosted it and had contestants guessing
to be fair the $1.50 includes the Costco hotdog AND a fountain drink
yet you can get a bottle of win for 2 dollars at trader joes
I’m out of time
Damn noel, i live in ohio and my day is now ruined. 🤣
Ooga booga
Lmao Noel calling out the mullet dropshipper “e-commerce” kid in Salt Lake City
hahah those weed pricesLLLLLL  $5 eighths
Tbh, the only difference I’ve seen between the Midwest and the coasts are that people from the coasts are louder, more annoying, and more condescending. That’s legit been the only difference.
Noel is trying so hard to hide he is half mexican they made him white in post processing.
were i live the haircuts come as low as 5 and sometimes $20
I'd love to see Noel and Cody do this at a Whole Foods with Noel picking up the celery and Cody picking up rosé.
Felt like i was playing jeapordy
Yes, yes you are Noel.
More out of touch than the Bills at the super bowl.
I’m gonna use the midjourney AI to make some pictures of noel doing horrible things and then I’m gonna blackmail him with them. Anyone got any suggestions for what I should make him do?
The editing in this video is unhinged 💀
Wheres the confessions at noel
I haven’t watched yet but I’m gonna say yes
2:25 the disdain gd
looking big today noel
No you're out of time
An 8th is like $30 right?
IM OUT OF TOUCH YOURE OUT OF TI-IME
Yes.
haven't heard 'baby formula' in years, thought it was a euphemism for a sec.
i'm scared he's saying the truth about the green screen because why is his shirt different now?? did he film that clip a different day?? what's going on
Yes
Noel really said don’t let them know your next move
holy brightness
Maggie Thatcher privatised dental :((
Plan B in Canada is $20-$30 and is over the counter. If the pharmacy is closed and you got uhm an emergency you gotta wait until morning
miss the thats cringe series
As a Canadian, I can assure you our healthcare is dogshit. Despite lower cost on some medication people wait months and sometimes years for scans and surgeries. Cancer treatment is also an extremely long process to get into. Never socialize your medical system
The pictures of the pope every time noel says ‘touch’ are killing me
cue the hall & oates
Never been this early to a vid before what should I say… fuck notification gang?
In short, yes.
when weird DMs?
Just sat down to smoke. Perfect timing 🙌🏻
Yes
Posted 8 mins ago what’s up noel?
California weed is hella expensive holy FUCK 🤣
Noel, when will you do a show in colorado?
maybe juuuust a little
Justice for Alex
YES
1:04
Haven’t watched the video , but immediately yes
until you drop another EBTP, yes
yoooo
you can touch these ball bitch💀💀
Yes
this guys the worst😂😂😂😝
30 seconds in and already laughing. Love your shit Noel
Hey! Ellen show video? Let's go crazy 😂
hi king
This video is perfect timing
i havent gor here this fast but like I'm not gonna watch the video i just want to say I'm one of the first
the video says no views and this comment is a waste of everyones time its impossible for me to have watched the whole video so this comment is completely unrealated to the video
Sometimes Noel says words in Spanish correctly and sometimes he says them incorrectly and I feel like he does it to hide the fact that he's half Mexican but he can't hide from me
I dead ass love you Dogg
Woah I’m here hella early
yes you are, sorry noel
Are you out of time
Yes
answer to the title is yes. haven’t even watched the video yet just yeah.
Yes sir See once you started growing your hair, societal thoughts couldn’t get through the hair field
Yes you are
Hi Noel :)
Yes, ur old
I already watched the video on 6x speed and unfortunately this video is a miss. L vid
Obviously
34 fucking seconds ago lets GO
Hello
Epic
You can only be out of touch on Thursdays, you're fine.
Why are you bald
Yep
Yes.
no, we all are.
first
Yes
ARGHAHSJWKWKJENEN
second
nevr been this early
yes
HOLY HELL POSTED 14 SECONDS AGO IM HERE (also first hehe)
Yes
yes
yes
Yes.
Yes.
First noel
Forst
yes
