A View to a Kill is a blast 😂
Daniel Craig is his favorite bond
They literally killed the franchise with this movie
There are good moments in quantum of solace it’s not great and extremely confusing. But it has its moments the opening car chase is iconic
My top favorite movies of all time no order  1. Casino Royale 2. Django unchained 3. The girl with the dragon tattoo fincher version 4. Both dune movies I’m counting them as one 5.The Goonies
👊🏿
Shittiest Bond film ever made.
Probably the best film  I have seen,
Good riddance. Dour craig😂
“Give the “artist” the benefit of the doubt.” Oh how I wish it was an artist making all the decisions.
Daniel Craig is an amazing Bond stuck in average films....bar Royal. That there is one the best, if not the best, Bond films ever made.
This was a great movie. I don’t understand the hate
ok ok ok, BUT WHY WHY WHY??? . . Nobody asked for a bald black woman to replace James Bond  . . DAMN YOU HOLYWOOD
Timothy Dalton really should've been given more that 2 films, he was way better than Roger 'Austin Powers' Moore
BEAUTIFULLY done movie to be sure. Direction, cinematography, acting, sound and music (Billie Eilish should thank her lucky stars that her brother is so talented!). I just re-watched it and I've come to this opinion. This is going to be unpopular. There were so many DUMB things about it. A couple of examples: The first car chase when Bond and his honey-bunny are encircled by the bad guys. AND they start shooting! WTF! LOL, have any of these "professional" killers ever heard of friendly crossfire? Heck, even the Sopranos crew would have been (barely) smart enough to not do that. Or the seamless break-in to the top secret lab in the middle of the city... Holy moly I could go on but you all get the drift. These examples are JUST from early on in the movie. Guess I'm getting a bit cynical in my old age. Carry on!
God doesn’t want anybody in hell because He loves us, but you must understand why we deserve hell and why those who refuse to live under His authority will go there. He gave us the law (Ten Commandments) not to make us righteous, but rather to show us our sin (Romans 3:20). We’re not sinners because we sin, but rather we sin because we’re sinners. Sin is the nature of our flesh that we are born with due to the sin of Adam in the garden. For someone to be justified before God they have to be sinless. We’ve all sinned (Romans 3:23), and the the law demands death for those who sin (Romans 6:23). God is righteous, so He must punish our sin, which is what He did through His Son Jesus Christ on the cross. Jesus is Holy and sinless, yet He received our sin when He died on the cross, so that we can be righteous before God (2 Corinthians 5:21). When He died on the cross, He said “It is finished” (John 19:30), which means He paid the full price for all of your sins (past, present, and future) to be forgiven. He was buried and rose again from the dead. God will forgive anybody who puts their full trust in Jesus Christ alone for salvation. We aren’t saved based on our good deeds, but only by the grace of God (Ephesians 2:8-9). His precious blood that He shed is the only reason why we can be forgiven of our sins (Hebrews 9:22). If you confess that Jesus is Lord and believe that God raised Him from the dead, then you’ll be saved (Romans 10:9). You are born-again with the Spirit of Christ (2 Corinthians 5:17), and are not only legally justified before God, but also are accredited His righteous (Romans 4:24). Believers live for Christ now, so get to know Him through His Word. I recommend reading the book of Romans and the gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John), and watching Pastor Joseph Prince’s online sermons!
Finally saw it today. Came to vent on reviews about the ending. it shouldn't have been a quick ending considering the circumstances. The reasoning behind why it ends the way it does, doesn't sit well with me. Let's just say I think there was an obvious alternative to what transpired. So having that alternative lingering in the air for me doesn't justify the decision at the end. So yea just my opinion. The entire movie was amazing but the last few minutes derailed it
I just watched it and it’s so sad that I didn’t get a chance to see it in theaters. Great freaking movie!
the only real issue i had with No time to die was how they handled spectre. this big secret organization built up over the series killed off in pretty much one scene felt like such a cop out. i loved everything else. 8/10
This movie has good bones and I really like Daniel Craig and the darker tone his 007 movies have. However No Time To Die has some glaring flaws in my opinion, one of them being the title changing hands to the actress was completely blown out of proportion and seemingly on purpose by the marketing. The other 2 major flaws in my opinion is how the entire organization Spectre is wiped out so easily even though I thought it was established that there were thousands of members, I don't get how they were all in one building like that, unless I missed something. The most glaring flaw of the movie is just how unbelievably overpowered the viral weapon is, how it can specifically infect certain people with genetic coding. A weapon like that being created is one the most irresponsible inventions in cinema history, I have the suspicion that it was designed that way so that 007 had zero chance to survive meaning rather than writing in something more creative they just made an ungodly powerful weapon to do it for them.
No Time to Die the worst Bond film.  Too long, unfocused, a lacklustre main villain, boring female lead, shoot-ups for the sake of shoot-ups and unforgivably jumps the shark with the introduction of his child and with his “death”.  The only sequence displaying any chemistry between the actors, style and imagination involves Ana de Armas.  The Man with the Golden Gun is now amazingly off the bottom of the league!!
Just watched no time to die, it was a shit film and why we got a black women as 007. Let's tick the boxes  it's a joke. 007 is ment to be a man it's was created as man . I will never watch other James bond film again all gone woke
Craig's Bond.  In the beginning he was promoted as more violent, less gentlemanly, more unrestrained in Masculinity, less interested in the trappings of fashion and even ladies.  He was a serious agent, a military man of extremely brutal action.  This new reality was proven quickly - the visceral, brutal fight in the toilet in Casino Royale.  His opponent was a young, physically imposing man, agile and able.  Bond had to unleash full MASCULINE power to subdue him.  It's there.  You can't fluff it when you want to emphasis that this Bond is grittier and more real.  The brutality in that toilet was Masculine.  No female would deny it. So, if the female 007, however athletic she appeared to be, walked into that toilet to face that trapped man, who would walk out?  I know who would walk out, reality knows who would walk out.  So the Reality that began Craig's time as Bond actually regressed by the final film, and we were back to a fantasy world where women easily mix it in physical terms with trained athletic men.  The inference of her being a 00 agent is that she could have been as physically dominant in that toilet as Bond was. So where's the progress?  Fantasy is not progress.  Fantasy is a lie.  As much a lie as the ladies of the 60s, there only as window dressing on an unmade bed.   How then would I get an action woman in there more realistically in this last movie?  Well, Bond was retired.  He and Moneypenny have a platonic relationship/friendship that was never developed in these movies.  And why did Naomi Harris, a black woman, still have to be door opener in Craigs's last Bond?  Again - progress? They should have spent time together as friends, during which time Bond would have taught her some of his techniques etc.  She would not have become a 007, but the story might have led to her needing some of the stuff he'd taught her.  A strong black female role, Naomi Harris being taken off door opening duty, Naomi Harris being a bigger part of a Bond tale - she deserved it -- and bluntly, her being the female and black action figure.  Everyone happy.  Even me!  Naomi Harris can do no wrong in my book.
so wrong
Woke, James Woke 😑
Plenty of time to die felt like it was directed by a romance novelist. As a huge 007 fan this was the most disappointed I had been with anything ever in my life.
I shall not waste my days trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
Can I be upset that the movie is teal and sepia? My evidence is your movie clips. This movie, and others that do this color grading, will age terribly just for that reason.
This movie was complete garbage. Craig’s Bond is insufferable, Seydoux is boring, main song is crap, and an effing child?!? And then he dies?!?! WTF?!?!? I’ve watched all the Bond films for decades and NTTD was just horrible. EON has completely lost the intent of these movies, which should be fun to watch, not depressing. Worst Bond movie ever and a complete waste of time.
This film is a load of cack
I’m terrified of what will happen to the next bond after watching what is happing to Hollywood with the wokeness. I need my misogynist bond back in full brunt. Teach men how it’s done.
Your dismissal of the criticisms are weak and pathetic.
Gotta love how there are always a bunch of bad guys with guns, yet the protagonist never seems to realize that when his pistol runs out of ammo, he can just pick up one of the dead guy's guns.....like when he was in the woods......yes he picked up one gun.....but didn't do it again. He also didn't use the perfectly good bike which would have come in handy.......in all films, I'm just so tired of them not picking up guns or using other things. I think I was most offended by John Wick movies......he always had a million guns around him from the guys he killed, but pretty much always limited himself to his pistol ammo....not to mention how they clearly have a 7-15 round magazine and somehow I was able to count 34 shots before they decided it was time to reload.....there was no extended magazine.......I'm just sick of all of the bullshit. And yes, that is another thing that bothers me.....they shove things down our throats and change the race of certain characters......why change a characters race and annoy the fans, when you can so easily invent new characters of that race to give them the representation that is apparently so badly needed......I wish they would stop messing with things, and just pick up one of the many many many guns that are all over the place and easily available when the main character runs out of ammo......
As much I hate die another Day  I rather watch die another Day over this because a least they didn't kill bond off.
Just watched it, long after it’s release. But honestly, it was horrible. Total butt-cheek.
Bugman
"No Time to Die" is the absolute worst James Bond-movie of all time and the ending is so unsacred, that it has left a permanent scar on the legend of James Bond. 💩💩💩
I get what you’re saying Chris but if making 007 a black female (regardless of Bond being retired) wasn’t the film makers inserting some form of political messaging or virtue signalling then they are insanely tone deaf to the current political and cultural climate and probably shouldn’t be making a Bond film with that sheer lack of comprehension and understanding as to their film making and writing decisions. And no, if I think a film is pandering to a certain demographic for political reasons that automatically hurts the film itself then I’m not going to pay good money to go see that.  I’m all for taking a movie on its own merits but then inserting this propagandist bullshit into our movies is not a new thing and pretty easily identified from afar now without needing to waste your money first which could be better spent on a movie that just tries to be a good movie rather than lecturing and hitting you over the head with messaging you already saw and disregarded on its own merits from the outset.
They killed off Felix Lighter and James Bond😢
This was the worst James Bond ever.  I’m seriously doubting your film taste Chris.
Great job Billie and Finneas !
Louie Armstrong's touching, "We have all the Time in the World" always gets me. A GREAT call back from "For her Majesty's Secret Service", but appropriate for this movie, if not more so. The entire movie was great, and the ending... really perfect.
You have to live the fact that Chris might say … ohhh who cares 007 is just a number, it’s just a movie go watch it  And then lose his fucking mind over dragonball
No Time to D̶i̶e̶ Spy.
I thought it was a good film until the end. It just felt mean to me. Bond gets love again and a daughter, and it’s snatched away cruelly. 007 deserves better.
I did not like there being 2 007s. James bond has never passed the torch Ina 007 movie. There is a filmmaker trend in movies right now where people are "passing the torch". Fans don't like "passing the torch" films. Just FYI.
It was kind of a woke movie though, not sure how you didn't notice that being pushed. Chicks beating up men like they're super heroes, Q being gay for no reason, Bond being overall emasculated and dressed down, then kills himself for no good reason...
Definitely the best bond. And billies tune is the best bond tune also. I loved this movie. Great review chris
This is one of my fav 007 films
Not the best bond film and to long as well
Ana de Armas is the best thing in this film.
I don't get the hate from old school bond heads hating the end of the movie. Starting with casino royale the idea was to ground it in reality as much as possible, with that in mind by the end of that run bond dying is about as real as it can get. In reality if they are gonna reboot it after anyway why not end it that way, thematically it fits and closes his arch thru the movies. All in all this movie was great for me.
Why are they misusing the presence of a little girl in this movie, whilst the movie has a pg13 advice, a little girl is in the violent action scenes involved. She can't be older then 6 years old. I take offence in using her in the narative for sentimental reasons. In the openingscene as wel as all through out the movie. I watched it untill Bond is having a final meeting with his nemesis, who is holding the little girl hostage. A major disappointment, and not good for the wellbeing of a person as young as her.  To watch it any further with the prospect that child could die, is something I do not wish to wittnes. Whilst I am wel aware of war situations where many people die, adults as well as children, I do not wish to be reminded in a Bond movie. I wish Bond could go and stop the bloody war in Ukraine or stop and make an end to dictatorial regimes who are on the brink of committing genocide on their own people.  The Bond franchise should be a fantasy escape story, where the hero is the hero, and the villain is the villain.
Daniel Craig’s run as James Bond is one of the few franchises to end with five movies and have the fifth and final movie be actually be great, at least in my opinion and Chris’. It is not perfect and it has some problems like the villain being underdeveloped, but overall, it was a satisfying experience.
Golden eye is the best
I'm happy this film was so much better than the awful Spectre. Just wish they will do away with the secret HQ of the opponent in the future. It's the ultimate cliche in times satellites and  total surveillance.
5:30 Chris, you think Waller-Bridge was an issue to others merely because she is a woman? Grow up. Following up your weak claim with “I don’t know?” Oh Chris, I think you do.  I enjoyed No Time To Die a lot, but even I noticed the forced addition of a certain agenda written into the film by Waller-Bridge. Wasn't as bad as TLJ or She-Hulk, but it’s here in NTTD. The new female 007 added nothing to the film. She’s merely there to represent girl power (not the Ellen Ripley style) and to say the title of the film. No substance, no contribution, no character.  They should’ve written her a better supporting character, but didn’t.  James Bond, a risk taking gambling alcoholic, battles addictions, tough as nails womanizer, with a license to kill cannot be THIS character in Phoebe Waller-Bridge’s Hollywood.  Chris, did you check out that trailer for Indy 5 yet co-staring Waller-Bridge? Go watch it and tell me Waller-Bridge is not forcing an agenda into another pre-established franchises. First James Bond, then Star Wars (Solo), and now Indiana Jones.
I shed a tear because of the end and my dad never got to see this last Bond movie. My dad was the catalyst for me loving movies. He would have enjoyed it as I did.
big fan of bond movies and Daniel, but this is not the one. felt like a Bollywood movie.
Good movie but you Never, Ever kill off James Bond...................
I loved what they did with this film. It was still such a great Bond Film with REAL CLASS.
how amazing it is they came out with a plot of nanobots that can target and destroy anyone by way of infecting them like a virus.....while  at the same time mainstream media and Dems had the world conviced of nearly the same plot in real life.  now thats life imitating art but by design.
this is and honestly the best bond film in the series!! the action, the plot, the villian/bond, and the love between bond and the woman was amazing!! R.I.P Bond
Worst Craig Bond film, where he really just goes along for the ride (and acts just as lazily). Terrible choice of actor for antagonist - 'bout as threatening as a Greene goon.
To me lashana lynch character is completelly useless!! Without it the movie would be the same!!
Sounds like you lean left and center. The movie pushed an envelope and some deny it while most people know it.
Yes I love James Bond! With Daniel Craig! He is The best actor! 👏🏻👏🏻 :)
The villain like didn't age at all and that I thought was bad casting.  Plus he was boring.
I won't bother with up coming JB's.  Remember Ghost Busters 2? Me neither, didn't bother.  I haven't seen any other Star Wars either.
GO WOKE GO BROKE.  THEY RUINED STAR WARS, NOW JAMES BOND.
Working on this was the best 7 months I had
This is the movie that I never WANTED to see.   Bond is supposed to be an immortal super spy who can do no wrong.  He is also supposed to be hyper-masculine, not a politically correct snowflake.  As for Billie Eilish's title track, I thought it was brilliant.  Something felt just a little off from the beginning and we didn't know what it was until the end.  It was missing that 4th note from the traditional Bond sequence.
Has anyone else got a feeling the next Bond will be black?
the way they kept saying "ItS jUst a NuMBER" pissed me off royally 007 is james bond JAMES BOND IS 007
I’m convinced Chris was not getting over a cold at the beginning of this review, it’s that he only just got out of the theater from watching this film..
One of the things that ticked me off about this movie is the realism... Bond had grenades/bombs going off in his face repeatedly throughout the film.  Any normal person would have lost their hearing at that point.
Daniel Craig now is free to dress like a slob,eat beans from a can, fart all over the place and wait for his wife to file for divorce,then the happiness will be complete...
Craig isn’t the best bond, but he has the best movies. Spectre is the worst one and even then is better than any roger Moore movie imo
What I DID NOT LIKE about the movie:  1. It was twenty thousand years long!!!!!!!!!!!!  They don't get to the Title song till  twenty thousand hours into the movie... 😒  2. The Daniel Craig movies to me REALLY seemed TOO serious .... and too DARK and it always seems like the movies are HINTING that its almost the END OF THE WORLD and we DON'T CARE because we ALL had A HAND in the DESTRUCTION of it... that only the SAVIOR can SAVE us but that'll never happen RIGHT... and then James Bond somehow DOES 😏!  😒  But I like everything else!!! 😀
Rami Malek let Bond villains down
wastes 4 mins at the start talking about everything but the movie
I walked out of the theatre disappointed and feeling it was a long waste of time.  I never bought Craig as Bond - he was rather someone like a better Bourne. He had neither the looks nor the charm nor the personality. I found it hard to dredge up any emotion as the missiles hit the island. Casino Royale was memorable for Vesper, and the gorgeous horse and girl. And the worst Bond girl - unattractive, wooden acting, weak, no chemistry. At least she didn't shriek like one of the previous Bond girls. Please not a female Bond as was hinted at the end....
The irony of this James Bond movie is that Craig's Bond movies were the representation of post 9/11, dark and gritty self serious spy action movies (same way how Brosnan's​ Bond​ were the representation of 90's-early 2000's cheesy shoot'em up Y2K-era spy action movies) but ended up as a predate for virusplotation movies such as Songbird, Coronavirus Conspiracy, 2025 and Korean movie Emergency Declaration, how ironic that the Bond which represented "products of its time that no one wanted to remembered" (post 9/11 stuffs)​ ended up as a representation of "product of current time that no one want to remember" what an irony...  In the end, we lived in the world where audiences wanted to remember the movies that represent good things from this decade like Spiderman No Way Home or Top Gun Maverick, not the movies that's milking after the fear of the pandemic from audiences, people wanted to remembered good things, not terrible things...
The only gripe I had was with Nomi’s constant obsession over her holding the moniker of 007. When they’re in M’s office and they tell her that Bond was reinstated as a 00 she can not stop asking which 00 he is, as if it matters. Outside of that, I loved every part of this film.  The ending was both bittersweet and heartbreaking, and Zimmer’s score amplified that by a factor of 10. The conversation between James and Madeline concerning Mathilde’s parentage was heartbreaking. James’s acceptance of what must be done brought a true sense of finality to the film and when the final credits rolled I was filled with a sense of contentment, knowing I had gotten to see the end of the greatest Bond era
Lashana lynch was a clever move being black and female she was a worthy 007 and has entered the hall of fame like it or not
Pushed the woke boundary with me. Was not horrible, but I as close to getting in my nerves.
I don’t know man I’m a black guy and I grew up in OAKLAND CA AND IM A CARD CARRYING SOCIALIST. But none of that has anything to do with my opinion on this movie…..when I go watch a James Bond movie specifically I want to see what posh British actor that I could likely kick the shit out of they have playing him this time. And as a black person to switch that character to a black woman and then ask “why would you care 007 is just a title” is so fucking disingenuous. I don’t like being fucking tokenized that’s why I care. Are you tubers like yellow flash and quartering racist greedy assholes that propagate bullshit culture way talking points to extend their grift??? Obviously!!! But the switching of JAMES BOND to that character was very obviously a token political message and I don’t fucking like it. Subverting expectations does not automatically make a thing good. And that’s all these studios are doing now, they are putting out sub par crap but race swapping people and then if you don’t like it they scold you. It’s nothing but a corporate grift by people who would probably vote in their little HOA to keep people with my skin color out of their neighborhood but then want to make James Bond a black woman and yell at you if you don’t like it. It’s ridiculous and makes my existence more difficult as a person of color. And it’s also not fun being told what racial aspects to care about or not by some middle class white boy .  You want progress??? So do I ….., come up with some new black characters that everyone can relate to instead of race swapping preexisting characters. WE FIND THE SHIT INSULTING CHRIS
Gonna have to agree to disagree on the theme song ahaha
great action and cinematography, but the story and ending was really bad
Man, this movie was trash.
I love Cari, I love Craig, I love Malek, and really loved the new 007. But in total I pretty much hated this one, almost as much as I did Spectre.
5:42    If that's all you can think of, you should consider retirement from this field.   Seriously....
A dud of a Bond film over marketed with false hype to collect big box office $$$ before the word got out about how poor it is.
i loved this review. I can relate so much to how Chris felt when I finally got to see a movie at the cinema and it was a James Bond movie. I’m a man and I was so emotional i thought i was having my period. As much as  i wanna rewatch it I just can’t!
I Can't begin to explain how much of a let down, over convoluted mess of a movie this is..first, who else is tired of introducing women with attitude to take roles their not qualified for just because of the me too movement. Don't bring politics into movies..their entertainment and are not supposed to be politically correct..secondly, what the heck was this movie about...I have no idea what I watched  but I do know it was trash can status..
oh woman writer you say 11/10 then here is an Oscar because women can do no wrong. Another Woke BS movie "critic". You gave Last Jedi A grade  FFS, GTFOH!!
I thought this movie was wonderful. Makes me want to go back and watch them all again. Truly a great ending to Craig’s tenure as 007
2:37
you did a better Job than Ben saphiro and Angry Joe at reviewing this movie. the fact that most of them and their audience think the new 007 agent was just put their to fill an agenda. 007 is just a number and she happens to get that title because of her skills and experience and the way how she executed her task was very entertaining, humorous, funny overprofessionel, little bit jealous and professional towards James bond but let leave it to people like a respectable Angry Joe or Saphiro to look over that obvious possibility and treat the actress like an opportunist for a woke opinion.   When making a review if you went full negative over a character who have done a remarkable or a over average job, you should invalid due to your childish unfairness (Angry Joe, Saphiro,...)  Love your unbiased review and you're one of the best in Job because your good analysis talent, you have your down but you sure are in the top 5 best reviewers  Always good to listen to You
Took 3 fucking hours to die
Ana de Armas was the best part of this movie. The rest was subpar.
This movie sucked
SPOILER ALERT IN THE FOLLOWING TEXT.  For me, I have to say this movie was a huge letdown. I understand that it was meant to close down on Daniel Craig Bond movies, but boy was this done bad. The story feels largely disjointed, I was constantly unsure as to who was supposed to be the main villain, and what they even wanted. I will not even go into the obvious SJW agenda pushing in the movie.   All of that, however, is completely irrelevant next to the fact that the way the movie ended was absolutely horrible. First off, to kill James Bond voids the whole point of the character - he is the unkillable ideal of masculinity, the man who always lives, who is capable, who can make it through anything, i.e. the whole point of the character is that he is omnicapable and simply unkillable, and will always crawl out from underneath the rubble with the Bond theme dramatically playing in the background. The fact that he dies simply means that the character was not James Bond. Second, the way this was done was so stupid that it was literally a spit on the whole franchise. Bond is shown dying, a glass is raised in his name, his daughter and mother of his child drive down a tunnel, this all happens within a bit less than two minutes, and that's it. Just like that. Bond's dead, sad much, the end.  This movie is a disgrace to the entire franchise and should never have been made.
Great film terrible villian
This movie was a pretentious piece of crap.
This was soon good, just saw it. Bitter sweet for sure, but very good
I hope that this is the final James Bond film ever. It was a boring piece of trash. This horrible woke POS has effectively killed the franchise
He dies!!! He dies!!!
i like billy but dislike phoebe  glad the movie was good
I give it 6/10. Bad script, well shot, anticlimactic, too convenient. Safin vengeance on bond vs his plan was confusing. He killed spectre and sidetracked with Madeline. He’s a long term villain because it became too personal too shortly. He went after Madeleine for basically no reason. I mean it wasn’t a story but it plays into the lineage. The end.
This was like watching a dog poop for 2.5 hours and this shill comes up and eats the dog poop and says “you know what? It’s pretty good, it’s the third best thing I’ve tasted from this dog.” GTFOH
Even The first mission impossible is much better than this supposedly closing of the saga movie. It's a shame.
I watched all of these movies over the course of 1 week and when No Time to Die ended I actually cried a few tears myself. One of my all time favorite movie series.
Sorry man, but this might be the last video of yours I will see.  Your use of foul language is so annoying and childish....and completely unnecessary!
James Bond’s ending was perfect. What a legend.
Bro his kid shit Remi like 5 times in the chest and he came back to life wtf??
This is the only Bond movie where I yawn and fell asleep for a while. This Bond movie didn’t do justice for Daniel Craig (considering that it’s his final Bond movie). And it’s unfair because he has done many great Bond movies. Actually I believe he’s the best James Bond. This movie is awful in many ways. The storyline, script, acting and the occurrence of a lady 007 is just cringey (don’t get me wrong, but a lady 007 and of colour, it’s hard to think it’s not one of those political correctness conditioning).
please learn how to say mads..
I watched this movie at the cinema with my best friend that had been flirting with for awhile, I made a move with her and held her hand early on in the movie. thank god for the length of this film making me truly happy and my hand very sweaty .  Every scene in this film felt like true cinema and amazing.
I enjoyed it, but 2 things really annoyed me in this one. The scene in the forest was poorly done, Bond walking around smugly with God mode, and they forgot to edit in half the bad guys that chased him. And the villain was very one dimensional and did virtually nothing
this film was excellent ip until the last 30 min of cringe bad politically motivated writing and medicore set pieces and no payoff
Best Bond is Brosnan
It is true...you should watch before you judge....the problem is...they get my money for it. So if there is a doubt or there was a recognizable pattern in the past that there is anything like political agendas forced into it... they won't get my money.
Just watched it  Can't say I've been more disappointed since the first two Daniel Craig reboots
Thrilling is a strong word to use for most of this movie. Though, I suppose weird, unbelievable, bathetic--the first words that come to my mind are also strong words.  I advise against watching this movie in the theaters. I don't have a personal attachment to the franchise. I don't bond over Bond with my father. Watching without that extra context, I saw a movie with a nonsensical villain possessing absurd resources and not a stitch of humor about either of those facts. That experience is not worth your money.   If you have the opportunity to watch It for free then do as Chris says. That is the time to judge the movie on its own merits. I would caution against giving a chance to anything you have to pay for though.  Hollywood has and always has had a bad track record. The Bond franchise has a spotty track record. If you hear good things about a movie, take a chance because you then take it with good reason.   Has Chris' review presented anything more than I have to persuade you: adjectives? If not then take care.
Know I'm late to the party, but I have to admit that I had my preconceived notions about this film so hadn't watched it in all this time though I've loved this franchise. I gave it a chance, and wow. I am humbled, and pleased with the result of the work done. This film hit me in a way that many others have not in a long time.
Very poor sctipt. This was the worst Bond movie of Graig.
Some good bits here and there, but overall, this film is not worthy of its stellar heritage. Without the pedigree, it would not even have made the B- list. Sadly, it also inevitably fell victim to the woke pandemic that afflicts every last pocket of society. This film is a merciful euthanasia to the franchise.
You’re way off. This movie was not good and any bond fan would not be happy with this.
With this movie I felt my childhood come to an I remember being 4 years old and watching casino Royale at home with my father and now in college seeing Craig’s last  Bond film I felt my childhood finally end thank you Daniel for my childhood
la shife from Casino royale was awesome. tearing blood
5:50 it is one thing to have a political POV, but it is quite disingenuous to frame others with this play dumb attitude. Especially this so call liberal woke ideology is the reason  that many classic franchises are being ruined in recent years.
I disagree with a fair few things regarding cinema overall but good review dude
Ah yes, it’s so sad that the most depressed, self-hating, misanthropic Bond won’t be returning, largely due to the lead actor’s displeasure with the role, which not at all affected his acting performances. Such a shame. Escapist fun? Who needs it. I want to see more of the sad, muscular man moping about women for several hours and sometimes shooting people while foiling such noteworthy plots as: stock manipulation then poker, revenge, cornering the water market in a S. American country, and nano-bot revenge. Fortunately, it’s not like the James Bond franchise is largely famous for its clever combination of witty humor, sexuality, intrigue, and action so having a Bond whose constantly miserable makes no difference to the overall product nor do the scope of his adventures.  Well, at least the action scenes were good….for the most part.
They didn't just kill off Daniel Craig they  killed off the franchise.
best bond franchise, Casino Royal still my fav
You forgot the most important character : Madeleine…
The movie is good but he ending is really Bad the villain is really stupid 🙄👎
Did Bond franchise improve over time? That's something that's debatable as many are of the this & that opinion.  Compared to these other franchises? No. It's not been as profitable.  The franchise I believe has been struggling.  Personally, I think it jumped the shark w/ Roger Moore's outlandish tomfoolery.   Did James Bond Time To Die do well at the box office? The 'C' strongly affected it.   Movies are evolving into a bleeding merge of streaming online. In fact, more are going straight to Hulu, Netflix, Prime & HBOMax.  Theaters were dwindling before the C'. There weren't as many multi-complexes & now there's limited number of actual theaters.  It's rare what happened to Encanto as it didn't fare well in theaters. Streaming it was an astounding success.   This last movie signals a reboot. Another reboot shedding off old characters & start with fresh set of characters. I believe its w/ same blind mistakes made it not as popular. No, this isn't being 'woke' doing.  As for this Bond's death so be it, but why do this so pronounced? Did they do this w/ the other Bonds? No. Their chances were 'rebooted' between films w/o any notice or mention. Maybe there was a slight wink inside joke here & there. This death was an over the top reminiscent of Roger Moore's character. Interesting both Roger Moore & Sean Connery passed before this movie was made or interim. Wouldn't it have been a nice gesture to remember them? Nope do a 'reboot' ignoring them.  I grew up watching ALL the Bond movies. There's a lot of 'isms' elitism, racism, ageism & sexism.  Remember the Bond movie he's surgically made to look Asian? (Whitewashing at its best).  Stems from producers, writers, directors coming from 'similar' backgrounds not aware of blindness or tone. It's not only this franchise, Star trek, Star Wars, Avengers and James Bond. Anyone remember Jar Jar Binks? (Irony George Lucas is married to a black woman & never saw the racist elements.)  Perspective helps in catching 'isms' as many are unbelievably blinded & don't/won't recognize. I being a female immediately watching the women on the screen can see an irritant that a younger woman is the love interest of Bond. People can date & marry of different ages. It's the issue it's common & accepted only younger women can date & marry the action lead. Kids in movies are either the brat or the kids wiser than their years. In this case, a 4year-old acts as if drugged? Doesn't squirm, get fussy or cry? How many kids easily go into the arms of a stranger? Not many. Who knows kids? Obviously not the director. Yeah, realism at its best.   Blacks were far & in between in the early movies. Women? Bond girls beautiful, given sexist names, slept w/ Bond & weren't in movie for duration & if the love interest majority gone by next movie w/ exception Miss Moneypenny.   As stated, it's not that great of a movie in my opinion. It got too long to keep interest on the story. Stupid plot w/ weak hide & seek villain, actions scenes varied had weird plot holes. Exactly what was the villain's plan?   Is it me, or did it sound a lot what many conspiracist's think about 'C' it was targeting certain people?  Kill everyone or select people isn't that eugenics?? ! Is this what this plot was about? At one point the scientist mentions to 007 (a black woman) how he can select out her race including Africa?  How come no one sees this negative racist/sexist plot shouldn't do? This is proof of the perspective blindness not realizing what the plot is.  Kill this group, that nation, race, culture, creed & whatever?  Makes no sense how the villain derives this thought process from the initial incident his family was killed by an evil Spectre hitman to all must die. No one realizes M had this brilliant eugenics idea? It doesn't dawn on M was acting in a similar manner as Hitler's eugenics agenda? It went over people's heads? Ok moving on...  A few words about diversity of this movie, had 3 blacks (1 killed), 1 Cuban/Spanish pretending to be American (We have a lot of Latinx/Cuban actresses) & 0 Asians. Really being inclusive, not really. Wondering about the Bond 'reboot' years from now. Curious if first movie be Casino Royale. (How many times will they reboot that one?)  Note Black Panter & Crazy Rich Asians surprised many critics assumed wouldn't garner a large audience ('white' people included) not having a white lead. Reason mentioned Black Panther is because it's supposed to be a hybrid of James Bond (traveling to different cities & adventures) & The Godfather (family dynamics added w/ an illegal son outsider). That's not 'my' words but the director. Oh, there's also a strong influence of women @ various ages & roles (mother, sister, friend/love interest & loyal protector).  I'm truly amazed at the number don't see the eugenics plot? Unbelievable.
No way NTTD is better than LTK.
Great review! Just cut the "F" word.
I haten the villain
"My opinion & only my opinion" It was very disappointing.  I find it ironic & bittersweet. They have this Bond married to a younger woman @ least by 20 yrs (old enough to be his daughter)   2nd M, Felix, Blofeld & Bond as they age, they die. What kind of ageism is that? Why not see how the original author died Ian Flemming of a heart attack at 56. Why not show good guys can die of cancer, dementia, stroke or heart attacks? It's natural causes possibly from a hard life of booze/cigarettes or exposure to toxic chemicals. Everyone doesn't have to die from evil attacks etc.   It's disturbing how age is portrayed.  Why not have Bond realize doesn't have the sharpness to do the job anymore. Why not show when police & agents come to terms with retiring & leaving the job behind. Maybe they're burned-out or unable to put forth the effort needed. It happens in all walks of life/industries (military, medical, aviation, engineering, teaching etc.). Couldn't this particular Bond have walked off into the horizon? Had a child might not live until it's adulthood. Why not have left him alone after this?  Killing off all the original Bond characters that Fleming wrote? Why? There was a reason Fleming's books & characters came to life. They were a part of him & others he knew in his life from his past work. Now? No one's from that life, only making up characters they have no affiliation with.  Not only lost any identity to the original, lost likability also. This last movie was so dour, slow & flat. Humor failed & tanked. The concept was the stupidest & thinnest reason yet had advanced technology using nano techs BORING!   No connection or interest to worry about anyone of them. One can leave people jaded if spend majority of movie on limitless gun fights & similar car chases. It becomes a video game! Pathetic these people (producers, director & writers) don't realize they've bored the audience many are skipping through this? Using a small child to threaten? Okay hit a nerve let's get over next!   Is Bond relevant in this 'woke' world?  Maybe not, but supposedly we are more open & transparent? Nope! If dealing w/ humans, Bond's still relevant. Smarter? More computer tech savvy? Perhaps.  How 'woke' if we treat 'older' people like baggage & unnecessary get killed off unceremoniously? BTW Gates, Bezos, Buffet, Arnault, Musk, Bloomberg, Waltons are they 'young' or over the 30 mark & considered 'old'? What about these producers here? They definitely wouldn't see screen time if actors in their own movies!   A woman playing Bond? Interesting, the thought about having a woman as Bond is laughable. Seriously, this Bond played by Craig has been the longest rather starred in most movies. Here he's married to a woman a lot younger not comparable to him in age. Minute hits 30 mark, will be dropped. Or, if already is, will be hard to stay in role as ages. Remember what's evident in these movies about older women? There're not seen & if gone in a matter of minutes. Ageism at it's best! They're aren't seen & if are, gone quickly. Female Bond dropped in blink of an eye, wouldn't last another movie or so.   A minority Bond such as Indian, Asian or African? Really, UK is as racist as the rest of the world. Especially after experience w/ a demic. That Bond would be in only 'a' movie. Brits don't have Black R&B singers because taken over by cultural appropriation rather see White singers. How's that going to happen with a Black Female Bond?   Will find a way to get rid of that Bond & bring back the White male. Problem? It's no longer the Bond of the author, but a make-believe one w/ new supporting characters. Results so far, killing the franchise with stupid ideas how to repair & revitalize it killing old people. Was a boring, dull & overplayed trope of a movie.
Thanks for the review and your input, but honestly this is in my opinion the worst Daniel Craig 007 movie, period. Everything people hated about Spectre is just tenfold more annoying here. The moviemakers wanted scale and unprecedented stake in this movie, and they also wanted a legendary sendoff for Bond. That could have worked out perfectly. However, they also wanted to do a reversal of On Her Majesty's Secret Service, a Bond family soap opera, a new 007 and Felix's death. But there is this screaming dissonance between all these elements in the movie, and most twists and even action scenes are very contrived. Throughout the movie all enemies shoot like blind stormtroopers except the main villain (when the director told him to shoot straight). All characters act in the most illogical and mind-numbingly stupid ways when facing crucial decisions. A few examples: 1, when Bond knew that he's also infected with Heracles after the Spectre party, the logical thing to do for his colleagues would be to quarantine him until Q finds out more about the weapon. But no they just released him, potentially letting him involuntarily walk around as a genetic weapon. By the way Heracles totally ripped off Foxdie from Metal Gear Solid. 2, with this weapon at his disposal and tested, the villain could have subtly wiped out Bond's entire team before they could infiltrate his secret base, but no he had to play more silly games with Bond like Blofeld... There are far more examples like these.   Also at the end of the credits "James Bond will return". I imagine it would be like Crysis 3 or Blame!, with nanobots in Heracles rebuilt Bond from scratch and make him a super soldier.
It was such an awesome movie. I think as time goes on the audience like to critique art more because they have seen more of it and generally ag any point in the future, there are more things to see from the past. Love you Craig! Miss ya bud.
rambles about self for a full 2 minutes and counting
Movie was amazing
I loved this movie.  Yes, I cried.
It was way too long
I kinda like the movie but not “love” it. It can be better tbh.
This movie is terrible. The action scenes are tiny and basically the whole movie is fkn boring. And this is coming from a big bond fan. But yeh this is hot woke garbage. A black woman replacing bond is just not believable at all. They just love to push that woke shit
title: no time to die James Bond *dies*
Nope, sry, but a female Bond is simply not acceptable. The character is MALE. If they wanna do a cool story about a top tier female spy, then they should do it but it’s gotta be original. Do not fucking ruin pre-existing character for a politica agenda, which this was. Every time she was on screen, I fast-forwarded
You think the reason people were up n arms due to the fact she’s a woman ? That’s just silly man.
just in respect to Stuckman's feelings about going to the theaters again, IMDB finally took down the "while theater's are closed"  from the top of their top 10 box office list.
I don’t understand how you have so many followers. You give the most generic reviews. I wish you would stop being the first suggestion whenever I type in a movie review.
Cool thing about me is as much as "woke" shit pisses off some people, "anti-woke" snowflake-ism has me checking out.  Watched this channel a lot, not no mo.  I aint got time for snowflakes virtue signaling their anti-woke-ism.  Maybe next time keep take your OWN advice and keep your politics to yourself.
Thank you Daniel :)))
One of the best bond movies I have seen storyline wise, but worse bond movie ending I have seen
Your a sad sad shill boy… maybe fixable but time will tell I suppose…
Honestly my only complaint is her being called 007. Does no one remember how this works? lol She's suppose to be 008. Has everyone seriously forgotten Goldeneye? The last guy was 006, Bond is 007.
Thought it was rubbish. Yeah. The fight scene with 'my eyes are up here' looked like it was filmed before a live studio audience.
License to kill is garbage... I'm unsubscribing
I dont understand why this guy has so many views
Let it be clear I do not expect stuff from the internet. I expected it to be Bond. The last two were mission impossible with more emotions and stupid decisions.
I hate that they made blofeld his brother, madeleine had a kid and that she had to be mr white's daughter. The tricky part is that Bond lost character in the final 2 movies.... I really really hate that. Brosnan brought something new yet he stayed Bond. They wiped it fir Daniel in spectre, yet in spectre and NTTD he had some aspects. That is just sad
You lost me at “probably bc…she’s a woman? I don’t know.” You seem like a pathetic cringe person 89% of the time.
I loved ALL Bonds with D.Craig accept this last one "No time to die".😬 I think it was lacking ANY emotional connection between all the characters. Bond hasn't spent any heart felt moments with his daughter after discovering her existence, or even just talked to her like a father!! So when he was killed at the end there was "0"emotional attachment or loss to her. The end felt so forced, cheezy and badly written and directed. They definitely didn't give justice to the end of Daniel's Craig awesome "Bond career".  I liked the part that to him life wasn't worth living, if he can't be around them both, but the execution of what should be a deeply emotional moment just wasn't there. It was so badly directed that instead of feeling sadness, I laughed at it with my wife.  Especially of all those ridiculous shooting scenes where the bad guys were shooting at Bond with machine guns from up close!! but somehow always missed and Bond with his little PP7 shoots them one by one like falling dominos.👏😆  The Villain took revenge on Spectra, which is justified, but with so much ease!?! when the CIA and MI6 couldn't achieve it through out all the bond movies.🤨  Now the same villain for NO REASON AT ALL, wants to kill EVERYBODY on earth !?!? This doesn't make any sense.  I always respect your reviews, but I can't believe you are saying that casting a black woman as new 007 has nothing to do with BLM and the feminist movement?!? Why now not 10 or 20 years ago??? I loved the cinematography and costume designs. I think their stunts and attention to every detail is amazing and I think D. Craig was the best Bond, it's just the writing and possibly directing of "No Time To Die" was weak and very disappointing to us.👎
Good story, good action but the script was too cheesy. I think the earlier Daniel Craig Bond movies were better
They used Ana for the trailer she’s not in it she wasn’t the partner. Terrible.
This movie was straight up offensive especially if you’re British. Of course the director is new and…American. Wasn’t a bond film at all. Pedophile vibes too. 👎
Spectre is way better than NTTD, rami malek, chris waltz were under utilized, the plot is wafer thin, those action sequences are just fine, nothing spectacular, atleast i thought the last act where they enter the island will be intense, even it is cliched, the screenplay is really weak, I expected some out of the box stuff but it is a disappointment in the end.
I've no idea why people shit on the movie so much, just finished it and it was an experience, *You have all the time in the world.*
So glad he addressed the outrage around supposed political correctness because honestly the movie didn't feel like virtue signaling or pandering to me either. Nothing feels forced and Nomi's criticisms of Bond have nothing to do with his identity and more to do with his character and they are valid. He is not perfect and he has done some questionable things. The movie does not emasculate or otherwise nerf Bond in any way. He gets to just be Bond while there happened to be a new 007 in his absence. I felt SPECTRE/Blofeld dying so quickly and easily was a little disappointing and Bond's death didn't feel like it was to get him out of the way of the franchise but a fitting close to Craig's Bond's ark. It makes his movies feel less safe and especially this one. We all knew Bond would probably die at some point. His job is risky and it's touching that he made the ultimate sacrifice.
Daniel Craig was my favorite Bond, and I'll miss him in that role. But this was not a good send off, in my opinion. I didn't like the relationship with Madeleine Swann, which always felt forced. But I think the worst aspect was Rami Malek as the villain Safin--who is absolutely the worst Bond villain *ever*. Completely vapid, uninteresting, and just---there. It was the most disappointing Bond film I can recall, made more upsetting because it was the farewell to the best Bond. Ana de Armas was the singular exception to the overall terrible movie. She was a bright spot in what is otherwise a see-it-once-and-try-to-forget-it film.
Should be called “just needs to die.”  I come to each Bond movie really hopeful and then leave disappointed.  The script is like a pitch that never gets developed.  “OK, bad guy wants to destroy the world, you want to stop him . . .Oh and all of his bad guys are terrible shots. . . .like really, really terrible. “. Why they can’t give these movies an actual script, with an actual plot that is somewhat believable is really tragic.  Just super bummed yet again.
Enough girl power movies. I'm not giving money to something that I know sucks
It was a bad bond movie Craig wasnt the greatest bond but he didnt even try 😂 I'd like to say he did but who we kidding. Killing bond off was a bad decision which put the nail in the coffin of this movie so to speak. Skyfall was his best movie good villain good action good story, the rest were pretty boring and flat which bond shouldnt be
I concur . I thought it was great .  Thanks !
I can't believe it, Bond has finally been killed. This movie was outstanding and continues to stay with me. Also, the end of the Craig era... a hard pill to swallow.
Christ. I was 10 when Casino Royale came out...
This movie is good if you haven’t watched any other bond film
I still remember the day I watched the first bond movie with daniel craig as bond in casino royale! That movie changed my perception of bond for life! Thank you Daniel Craig for being so true to yourself and the character and the dedication you brought to the role every single time! He is the best James Bond ever!
not a bad movie.. but not a bond movie... its pretty good but .. call it whatever you like its just not a 007 movie
Being woke for the sake of being woke, yikes
The ending got me :(
That opening gunbarrel scene that foreshadowed the entire movie for Bond
No! No! No! Dude! 007 is NOT just a number!!!! They ruined it!
I was 16 when I saw Casino Royale, I'm 32 currently. What a long journey Daniel Craig has had as Bond. While the nostalgic part of me will always have a love for Peirce Brosnan, because I grew up with his Bond, Goldeneye will always have a special place in my heart lol. Craig takes the gold for the best Bond. Everything connected well, it was a much more mature story. You can watch every film in order, and it feels like an actual series, where as the earlier bonds mostly stood on their own. It said Bond will return, I'm very curious where they take it, especially if you know the ending of this one.
Average stand alone drama film, not worthy  of a Bond in ANY way. No proper fan could like this. Woke bullshit.  This review as clueless as the movie
Nothing "fun" about this movie.  Loved it but didn't expect it to be so emotional.
Daniel Craig's James Bonds were easily the best James Bonds if you are emotionally evolved, tired of LAZY formulas and want a layered story, great acting, great action, great directing and soundtrack.
Who is the next bond? Please comment out?
I don't know why but this movie battles with skyfall for me, I enjoyed it so much.
This movie absolutely sucked a stinky asshole. It was slow, predictable, and woke. Hard no.
Good but not great. The movie is good despite the negative reviews.  The only problem is that it's the first time we've seen a Bond give up at the end and accept his fate.  Bond should never surrender. Period. The ending kills what could have been a great movie, regardless of whether it was Craig's last appearance. I mean, could Bond be so stupid? What if the villain was lying? He basically killed himself for no reason.
Those sad ‘critical drinker’ followers who despise any kind of representation in film need to listen to Chris. He knows what he is talking about
This movie was such woke garbage and they cut James  Bond's Balls off..it was not a James Bond movie it was politics SUCKman love's this type of politics... Is Suckman gay?  It would explain a lot
This was my second favorite Craig Bond film, after Casino Royale. I don't even remember what happened in the other ones.
My favourite Craig Bond flik...but it leaves the series for me (as a lifelong Bond fan) nowhere to go Reboot the character, where's the suspense going to come from....we already know he will die due to Safin in the future so we already know he won't die before that.... They could concentrate on the 007 number, and Lynch was excellent in the movie, but imo it would be a mistake
Do you have to drop the "F" bomb???  Jesus!  ...  HAVE SOME F'ING CLASS!!!
Favorite bond of all time? Really?
in casino royale mr white is main villian not le chiffre
I love you Chris, but you are wrong about this one. It was not good. It was hardly even a bond movie.
As long as the film is, I never noticed it as it is very entertaining from start to finish and the plot really held onto me and never let go. The pacing was good and really closed the end of the story for Daniel Craig’s Bond. Leaving the possibilities of something new.  The great thing about the Daniel Craig Bond is that how all of them are connected.
No time to die managed to tie up loose ends
people go to movies to escape reality, but when producers shove political BS down fans thoughts, its time to take our money elsewhere. let them turn james bond into a woman and watch what happens at the box office. it will be like all the other film franchises that were ruined where some SJW moron wrecks a legacy. imagine if they turned ripley from alien into a man, and did a film. i bet a years pay that all the SJW morons would be out for blood.
Voldemort Did great in this movie 😂😂
Was there a final grade at the end?
Fun fact: Daniel Craig wanted to quit James Bond when the movie spectre finished, although he felt like it didn’t feel right to end just like that so he wanted the creators of James Bond to make him die at the final movie
I think Skyfall is still my personal favorite Daniel Craig Bond movie, but this one comes pretty close and was a satisfying send-off for his run as the character.
In this movie the character that  impressed me a lot is Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann she have done a amazing work , daniel Craig is amazing as always  and ana de armas also done pretty good work and ofcourse How can i Forget Rami malik .Those who have seen the movie know about post credit scene . `who will be the next james bond .... I think  Huge jackman would be the perfect choice for james bond  but he is not british but again  George Lazenby who played Bond in 1969 in On Her Majesty's Secret Service who is  also Australian so I think there is hope But honestly i tell you why I think huge jackmam  will be the perfect chice for james bond becoz he is mature and middlle age man just like Daniel craig and also have  a pride just like daniel so which is a need for james bond character .tell me in comment who will be perfect choice for next james bond.
Please revisit GOLDFINGER review
This was the first Bond movie I ever watched from the beginning to the end, so my opinions and perspectives come from a very peculiar place. :D But here are some of my thoughts:  - The stunts looked amazing, to the point they were kinda hilarious at times, but the film was action packed for sure! - I especially giggled at the chase scene in Norway. Range Rovers and motorcycles emerging from deserted forests all around like HELLO, did someone say ADRENALINE?! XD And the motorcycles up the stairs in the beginning of the movie. - But, this is Bond. Even as a newcomer, I assume there's supposed to be extreme amounts of action, so it's all cool. - I noticed the film had themes connected to the previous movies, so those were lost on me, but I was still entertained even when I had next to zero understanding of the Bond lore before this film. - If there was one reference I noticed, it was the one tiny moment somewhere in the final battle, where James made the iconic gun shoot move in a round corridor. THAT I've seen in previous movies' opening songs! :D - The only way to end the movie in even more chad way would've been James taking the fat Cuban cigar (which was meant to Felix) out of his pocket, saying the words "It was a good life... The best." and in slow motion the cigar lighting up from a shard of a bomb right before James was consumed by the explosion. XD - I think No Time to Die can be left as the last and final Bond movie, buuuuuuut you know... I saw how 007 was already slightly replaced by Nomi. And James wrapped his sweater around the shoulders of his supposed daughter to keep her warm, Madeline beginning to tell her a story of a man named James Bond... Before James himself died, he put Mathilde's plushie bunny on his waist, where normally a gun would be carried. I see those signs... If the production team sees the possible cash grab in the future, I wouldn't find it impossible to see a new agent emerging at some point. Some Ms. Swann with eyes like her father's. Dun dun duuuun! XD
The movie was a bit dark for a 007 flick, but I like it.
👍STAIRWAY scene FUKUNAGA Director did True Detective S1 (think Rust drug bust). Oh and NTTD was riddled with forced characters/scenes (Craig felt so himself!)  and an overtly sentimental ending such that i was literally🤔💭 "KILL The Bastard Already!"... and once scored with a boring/snoozefest theme song by (now busty) Billie Fish. Seriously HOW IS THIS Ed Sherid.. Sherdi..(whatever) type music POPULAR?!?  Happy to hear the planned "Woke 007" had been CANNED!.. I can only PRAY 🙏 the BOND Powers That Be are kinder to Tom Hardy! PS- Bad Freddie Mercury was a HORRID Villian with a complete NONSENSICAL motivation!... WTF was it with these Craig Bond Villains and their Mommy/Parent issues?!?!? .. Dear Lord.
Spoiler alert.  Bond goes out like a bitch.  Blofeld goes out like a bitch.  Felix goes out like a bitch.  This is not how you kill an iconic character. Bond deserved better. 👎 A better ending would have been like. Okay Bond can’t leave the island because his smart blood is tied to the bomb, but if he fought tooth and nail to get Madeline and his daughter to the escape boat and there’s no time, like a countdown clock, seconds left, have to say goodbye. Their hands embraced, then torn apart as the boat leaves and they are separated by fate and his duty to save the world and Bond turns, adjusts the tie, smiles and accepts his fate and literally walks back into the exploding base would have been perfect and badass. That’s how he should have gone out. Save the world, save the girl and look stylish and cool while doing it.
Worst bond film ever. The story is so stupid as is the ending. This isn't a bond movie anymore. Tying all the movies together just does not work. The movie shits on you for paying attention
People don’t take issue with Billie Eilish for being talented, they take issue with her because she says some pretty nasty stuff. Not that it matters because the song is awesome. But you should still be aware of why she gets criticised
They did put something in the movie just so it's there. The scene at Qs home. That was unnecessary. Other than that the movie was good, but the villain was weak. His motivation didn't make sense and I can't believe you didn't point this out
Casino royale is the only bond movie that i can watch anytime i see it on. This movie was great too though
is this a review? all you're doing is talking around it instead of about it.
Nah, that other bond felt so hammed on. Didnt think she added anything at all to the movie. Barely had any character and that rivalry for th 007 name was aborted in like 2 seconds, no reason why and didnt contribute to the story. Also the villain was weak.  However, the movie was awsome until the halfpoint up until after blofield died. That paloma chick, felix, bofield, even that ravalry, all good plot points .I think if the movie would have spent more time on those plot points, the new bond would have been a more interesting character, as the rivalry was kind ofentertaining. Instead, now, it feels more like forced inclusivity.
I finally just watched it. Wow. I found myself moved beyond expectations; especially for a Bond film. Craig’s run is really one great film series…a la Lord of the Rings. I think with some creative editing you could cut out some scenes from each film (for runtime and filler) and make one long but damn good movie!
This was comical in parts, Stormtroopers have more accuracy than the henchmen.
I found this movie boring.  The pre-credit scenes contained everything in the trailer. The action is very generic, with bursts every now and then to break the boredom.
This whole movie could've been avoided if the villain had gone through a metal detector, that would detect his bionic eye, before being incarcerated in a high security prison. Most of the movie has these type of inconsistencies, this was not a Bond movie i'm sorry
I just watched it yesterday. This is definitely among my favorite James Bond movies 😀
This guy has so unique developed opinion. “People are weird” comment just shows.
You said you had a cold...so now it’s another covid stat they’ll add for their records.  😒
Sad to see another critic to become too soft and praise literally everything.  No criticisms, of the main villan just for example, which was terrible and boring. (actor is great, but the writing, maaan)  If everything is good than nothing is good mate. Every movie is amazing, every movie is worth going into theaters too, we live in a fairy tail world and vomit rainbows right mate, kumbayaaaa
my only problem (knitpick) is i really think Bond should've smoked Felix's Cigar as the movie came to it's close.
I tought the movie was good until the ending. James Bond doesn’t die the next movie will probably be about a woman. I don’t have anything against about women in movies BUT ITS JAMES BOND not JASMINE BONDINE. So I’ll give it a 2/5 because Bond schoudnt die. Thoughts below.
The plot was too loose and there were too many shoot-em-ups instead of some substance. I was pretty disappointed.
In how many movies Bond dies?
This James Bond film was horrible ! It started off okay and just progressively got worst. Ugh
Why does he call him Daniel Creg?
ITS NOT DANIEL “creg”. ITS CRAIG!!!
Another toxic white male had to die= Bond shot and blown to hell.    Film was disgusting with woke messages galore.  Skip it if you love the franchise, these Hollywood maniacs are insane.
i guess im the only one who didnt like this movie lol
I have seen every Bond movie in a theater except From Russia with Love and this one.  I think No,Time to Die has replaced George Lazenby’s On Her Majesty’s Secret Service as the worst Bond movie ever.  The sound track on the Blue-ray was terrible, with most of the lines indecipherable.  The whole nanobot thing was ridiculous.  With that said, I do think Daniel Craig is the best Bond, ind I will miss him.
End AFTER CREDITS  says JAMES BOND WILL RETURN
Thank goodness it worked.
hater
Finally just saw this. Best Bond movie by far. Period.
I didn't like the ending😭
Something for people who are mad to keep in mind, the end of the film says, "James Bond Will Return." It does not say "007 Will Return." Bond will be back. In what way, we don't know yet, but Bond will return.
This movie was actually phenomenal and the action, plot and the characters/actors compliment each other soo soo well.
I loved Daniel Craig and Ana De Armas in Knives Out so it was great to see them together in a new film!
Fuck this movie. i hated it.
Rami Malek casting and performance didnt quite work for me.
Damn,I still remember thinking,that the dude from Road to Perdition and Layer Cake is going to be Bond.
I don't know whate you're smoking, but that was the most boring Bond movie ever. And I still don't know what the motivation and plan of the villain is. Poor script.
I love Daniel Craig as Bond and I went into this movie not knowing anything. I didn’t really care for it. Maybe it’s Covid brain but I felt it was visually good looking but I felt the story and the characters were scattered and hollow. Nothing was really explained. I did buy in on Blu-ray so maybe a second watch is in order. Christoph Waltz is still the best bond victim.
The first three minutes of this is just you talking about yourself. Get to the meat.
Bond : i had to show someone your watch, it really blew their mind....
Why was Q gay? It added nothing to the plot.
The woman 007 plot line is so contrived, it makes you cringe,
enough of thse bond movies, horrible, i cant watch this nonsense anymore... cant tell one apart from another jesus... i mean in early bond flicks it was about spy stuff, some action... it was getting bad about 10 films back easily...
Also... I just realised that Ana de Armas and Daniel Craig paired up in Knives Out too. And they were equally awesome in that!
One of the cool "little moments" that I really liked was the end of the action sequence with Ana de Armas. Bond turns to her and just says "you're excellent, I look forward to working with you again" then shakes her hand and they part ways.  It just made me enjoy it as a moment between two colleagues who enjoyed working with each other. Rather than the usual thing of Bond throwing them into bed and leaving them the next morning. 😂
went into this movie without watching a trailer or reading anything about it. And it was the first movie I watched in a cinema in more than 2 years. And what a movie! I loved it. Of course I am sad about Daniel Craig not being the Bond anymore, but that's just something I'll have to get over... By rewatching his movies😁😁😁
You’re the best! Truthfully I believe that.
So i watched the film last night(on 4k none the less). Friggin loved it! But did anyone else feel this movie was delayed more the the subject matter at the time? Man made virus being produced on an island not far from china? Hahaha when i watched it thats all i could think of.
This Bond is the worst Daniel Craig Bond, almost like a direct to video, no build up
Once again liberals got their hands on something and injected their propaganda, making what should have been a good finale into trash.
what.  did you get paid for this review.  what the hell...
I expected more from the ending. This film featured the most incredible sets ever. I was expecting some nice explosions as the missiles came in.  Instead all we get is very average CGI shots and what was the point of the blink an you miss them MiGs. The ending should have been epic but it fell well short.
Keep up the good work my man.
Chris do yourself a favor and stop "appologizing" i.e. (getting over a cold ) for things that are of no importance.
Rami malek was perfect villain he is so amazing...cant wait to see the next movie with  him
Bond films are like Marvel films for me. Not trying to compete with the likes of the Godfather to be the best film ever. Just a fun enjoyable movie you don't have to take too seriously when watching.
Was nice to see sourpuss Craig get that missile in the end.
It was sad and tragic enough that Bond finds out that kid his actually his, the mom has been a baby momma this whole time, and Bond can never be in their presence or they'd die; or anyone's presence that has ever interacted with them for the end of all time. Then he sacrifice's himself to make sure that bug didn't do it's rounds around the planet to eventually infect the baby momma and child. So convenient. I guess it makes sense, but I'm not happy that Bond die. This is an all very new "end" to the franchise.
I watched the movie without any prior reviews and frankly it was a disappointment. Started well but then became a rather tedious watch. The only memorable fight scene, as few as they were, was that by Arma.... (The ?Bond Girl). The movie, i.m.o, basically pandered to the 'woke' and all other  newage movements out There. Also, whoever came up with the idea of Bond being a simpering, grovelling ass that eventually, basically, committed suicide, should have their genitals whacked by L'Chiffre... It was frankly an annoying watch, made just so Craig could get his grand sendforth the way he wanted. P.S.... Sean Connery. Is still the BEST.
I'm not what you would call a James Bond fan, I never rushed to the theaters to catch the movies, even back in the day I would watch them if and when they hit TV, or a chance rental.  The whole misogynistic attitude, and the women falling at his feet at a glance BS always turned me off.  But I do know the characters, so as soon as they killed the Specter crew, introduced the female 007, then killed Felix I knew they were cleaning house and were going to kill James Bond. Talk about a spoiler moment.  I also know it is a major cinematic mistake. They just pissed off every James Bond fan on the planet. They lost me as soon as they killed Felix. I don't know who decided to take this route but if they planned on starting over with a new actor they killed that project dead. Even if you want to take a break and reboot with a new actor. You do not just kill off an Iconic character. The die hard fans do not stand for that kind of crap.
I still enjoyed it despite the sjw ish.
Okay here goes....   I am a huge James Bond fan. I grew up watching the movies, reading novels, playing the video games, etc.  With that said, I just finished watching "No Time To Die" and I'm not going to lie, I liked the plot and the packed action. (& of course Billie Eilish's amazing song) HOWEVER, I did NOT like the ending. We all knew this was going to be Daniel Craig's last movie sure.  But James Bond dying I don't think anyone saw coming.  Of course, people are going to have an issue with this. And yeah, they can replace bond with another 007.  But for me, It's the simple fact that they said, "JAMES BOND WILL RETURN." at the end of the credits. After searching and browsing around the internet to actually confirm that the character "James Bond" is deceased at the end. I really don't understand why they would put that at the end of the movie. I'm not sure how they plan on making the next 007 film. But they're going to have to pull a rabbit out of a hat with that one..  6/10
I just watched the movie ... YOU CAN NOT BE SERIOUS WITH YOUR REVIEW!!! This wasn't a James Bond movie - maybe the first 15 min in the beginning, "5 years earlier" ... It was bad, EVERYTHING was bad as a ... MOVIE, regardless of being 007 or not!  And EVERYTHING was wrong with James Bond as an agent!  And then you seem to have missed it: JAMES BOND is DEAD!!! Do you understand: THEY KILLED JAMES BOND!!! They didn't kill Daniel Craig, THEY KILLED JAMES BOND!!! There can't and there won't be any "My name is Bond. James Bond." anymore ...  Thus, WHAT THE FUCK was wrong with you and this review? How could you have recommend this James Bond movie as a such to anyone? Do they pay you to talk this shit?  PS: you say "at least the movie has a satisfying finale." Really? When did Bond ever acted on the advice of his .... LEADERS? The ending with the LEADERS in the LEADER's room watching and coordinating from the "headquarter" remembered me of the photo of Obama with Hilary Clinton in the "room" watching the killing of Osama ... James Bond ALLAYS gave a shit about his ... FUCKING ... LEADERS!!!
I wish Raimi had been given more leeway in playing his character. The Director kept telling him to "play it "drier and straighter" and constrained him way too much.
I thought it sucked. The action was dull and repetitive, with no escalation or stakes. Its the John Wick-ification of action scenes.. endless shootouts where an army of henchmen get taken out, and the good guy never misses or gets hurt. It's like a cartoon. The villains were terrible, and the plot was stupid and contrived. All of the phoney drama between Bond and his wife could have been avoided if they just had a conversation. Craig ended his tenure on a complete whimper.
Elliot is getting out of control with hi schizophrenia!
I felt like the "new 007" was meh at best... There was nothing to show why she would be worthy of that title... If that is what we can expect from the next movie then I am not looking forward to what comes next... It was a good movie overall though.
Daniel Craig left retired. Friend cia ask for help and with villain tech. James bond
This review is on par with the movie. They both are utterly stupid and will age horribly.
I absolutely *loved* the way Hans Zimmer incorporated John Barry's "OHMSS" music into his own brilliant score!
Damn your review for this got me pumped for this movie, then the first 45 minutes or so we’re pretty awesome. After that I think it might have been the worst movie I’ve ever seen. I’m just curious do you pay attention to the little subtleties/subliminal messages. I don’t mean Easter eggs either lol. How could you love the Daniel Craig movies specifically casino royalle, and think this movie was good compared to them? Idk to each his own I guess.
I felt as though if Safin wanted to kill Spectre and maybe his father was going to defect and turn on Spectre and MI6 didn't get to them in time and Safin blamed both parties that'd make more sense. At the end it felt like Safin didn't make much sense in the 3rd act but I liked his relationship with Madeline but I wish that'd have been fleshed out more.
I loved the musical references to "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", including the end theme "We Have All The Time In The World".
Chris is cold prone
the most woke james bond movie of all time....what a joke... and you didnt get all the gender ideology and wokism in the movie...go figure...
Daniel was good.  All the movies sucked except Casino royale. Why make all the movies connect I don’t think they did that in the original series.
Its funny you spend some time talking about the political pretense that some people around this movie.  I saw in my search results looking for your review that Ben Shapiro did a review. Does he normally do movie reviews?? Does anyone watch them for his artistic insights or just for the complaints about Hollywood liberals?
Thought it was OK
I feel like I was watching the last Jedi. No I hated it. Is almost till the point I just want to see Tom Cruise come walking in.
spot on.
Is this like a woke bond film?
I thought it was a great film. Bond;s death was heroic. What more could anyone ask for
Lazy milking of the franchise.  Literally nothing worth watching.
It is probably the worst Bond movie ever: soppy, melodramatic, pompously politically correct domestic drama disguised as spy thriller with Ana de Armas as the only saving grace and the one bright spark in an otherwise dull film which should never have been made in the first place. No wonder Danny Boyle walked out of the project, and as for Daniel Craig, arguably the best Bond ever, this was no way to say goodbye.
Film was, just simply brilliant, Thank you to all the writers and the complete cast were so good, I agree with you the lady early on doing the fight sequence was superb character and definitely bring her back, she made me chuckle and she kicked arse, awesome.  Thank you Daniel Craig you have been an amazing playing James Bond
Daniel Craig is imo the worst bond we've had.  Chris really had to hide his balls on this 1.  Weak review.
"I notice when movies try to show things down my throat" - pretty much sums up the watching experience of anything nowadays. It's become in the purest sense propaganda and I hate that about our world today.
I was glad the movie didn't have the political stuff shoved down our throats,I really liked the 007 she's very cool
Have you stopped giving movies your score (A...B...C...etc) ?
Chris just likes every movie now.
I loved this movie, it's a pretty good looking movie, all the way..  a good close to the saga, epic and sad
All the spectre people when invading and marauding, they have pinpoint SAS aim. Bond comes along, then they all have bloody Rambo Vietcong / star wars stormtrooper aim. Wtf?!
To be honest...i was embarrassed and disappointed when i heard there was a female 007 or craig is going to be replaced...but it went well with the plot so it didn't seem like it should not have been done...the plot justified the 007 replacement untill the real deal arrived...and again thank you for ending the james bond series with Daniel craig before it became obsolete...no other actor could have replaced him imo....and love the fact that 007 really fell for a woman...this time for real and itbwas heartbreaking...
This movie is a fitting tribute to a character we love...no matter what people say...but to me this is the way to end a legacy...they could have made craige wait in that control room as the missiles strike but the fact that he climbed to the top made me think he just wanted another last glimpse of his girl and kid and left me sad....yea...he was and will always be my james bond....action was off the chart ...no way to even rate coz there was nothing i thought i had seen in other movies...it was a unique take even the car chase... instead of in the city...the off-road decision was awesome....thanks again for the movie...
1. Casino Royale - greatest Bond film of all time  2. Skyfall- very good. That final sequence on the estate was awesome. 3. No Time to Die- the dynamic with the people close to him added to the film  4. Spectre ehh it was ok. They didn't use Christof Waltz enough, he was great. 5. Quantum of Solace- terrible.
This movie honestly was not that great . The action was very little and not that good and even though the ending was good and the death was meaningful the villain was extremely bad and this exact bond girl is not my favorite and even James didn't know her that well. Vesper was a way better character. I agree Skyfall and casino royal are far better movies but even quantum of solace and specter had memorable moments. I just watched this movie and I don't think ill remember much of it in a few years. I really think Daniel is the greatest bond but with such a strong previous movie and an amazing first film they should have just end it there or recast another man to be Bond in the same great universe with maybe a cameo from the previous 007.
Cried in the theater a bit. Such a sad and good ending..
This movie hurt in a different kind of way..loved it tho. Its up there among the greats
Realy,,,,! Q is gay now and they just put that in there, no character development no nothing for Q but by the way he is gay.
This movie was like last season of GoT.
i'm heart broken watching this movie💔
The villain has no real purpose, and it was so awkward when he explained it. Also, the girl he kidnapped he just let her go.   Nothing happens in all these years and when Bond comes, suddenly 'first buyer' is coming. Such unnecessary rush with no proper buld up.   Also, too many times people are shooting in straight lines but cant hit Bond. Okay may be bullet proof vest? but when the silly villain shoots Bond us hurt, loosing blood. Super silly.   The first half had really nice story building but it all collapsed. Lots and lots of loopholes, and all were silly.   I was a fan of your reviews from the very beginning, unfortunately i think now you've lost your touch, too overwhelmed and proud with your emotions to actually review how a movie is. Sorry bro.
I really liked this film, knew nothing going in avoided all trailers and discourse and just walked in and had a blast
Ana de Armas seems like she's been set up perfectly to replace bond. The one moment where she shows up, is when he has very little power over his situation (Bond always seems to somehow control the situation). Just the fact that she with her very small amount of training pulled off that moment so well is too much of a giveaway that she's the next Bond. No way they just introduced a whole new character for just those few scenes in that way
Woke garbage movie.  This movie reminds me of a joke that Russians use to tell about how America was wondering why their spies kept getting caught, and Russia replied that they were trained well but all of the spies they sent were black.  And that's what exposes the ridiculousness of this movie. A black person as a spy, would not work in predominantly white, hispanic, middle eastern or asian countries, which is pretty much every continent but Africa, N. America and the UK. How's she going to replace 007? It's dumb! I'd love to see her walk around without a man in the middle east while trying to carry out spy operations.  She'd be dead on day 1.
I slept like 5 times and struggled for this movie to end
007 it's not just a number,  it's a male British agent code name 007.  What's it now non binary 000?
1-5 ranked  1. CR- one of the greatest Films ever made.  2. QOS- It’s a continuation, an extension, of the (arguably) greatest Bond film ever made. It’s not good on its own, of course. It’s a Bonus feature. I’ll take as much CR as I can get. Even if it’s B role, I guess. Tells you what I think about the rest of DC’s Bond films.  3. SPECTRE- Huge plot hole, but otherwise mostly enjoyable.  4. SF- Bond fails at keeping his boss alive in the end. I want to watch Bond films bc they are fun. Watching the ever-great Dame Judi Dench’s M character die is a tough watch. Even if it is necessary. This is a very good film. But it’s not an enjoyable Bond film bc of the ending. 5. NTTD. JB finally figures out just how big SPECTRE is- Dang, they are massive… yeah, we knew that…. well, crap, who else can we go after? How bout this Safin character? Sounds good.   What? This is the showdown we’ve been waiting for? This culmination of five DC Bond movies is coming down to going after a character we just met? Yes. Yes it is. All this wait and suspense for… i never could have guessed  it… a new introduction into the franchise?? Not SPECTRE who we have been chasing for 4.5 films??  Screw SPECTRE. Just let them do their thing. We can’t beat them. There’s no use to even try. This New Bond villain just conveniently created will be an epic climax. No. No it will not!   Then… Bond is essentially killled by Nanobots. Bond is dead. And again, some pesky Nanobots got him. Bleepin Nanobots. DUMB. WTBleep? Oh, and Bond is a Dad for a cpl secs b4 the Nanobots get him.   Oh yeah, and “I’m 007”… we finally get the strong female agent this franchise needed and she makes herself look stupid by worrying about her 007 status being taken away more so than the task at hand.   Terrible Bond film. On level with Die Another Day, but somehow worse. Much worse.   No Time To Die, Until The End, Where I Get Killed By Awfully Done CGI Missiles Because I Have Nanobot Disease. All While I Stare At The Missiles With My Blues Eyes. Hey, The Same Blue Eyes My Daughter Has Who Is Prob Watching Me Blow Up Since She Just Left A Few Mins Ago And Can’t Be That Far Away.
Dude. This movie sucked.
Stopped watching halfway through, the same old crap except even more far fetched than usual, such garbage.
The stairwell fight was sort of a reverse on the stairwell fight in casino. Full circle.
crap film crap ending woke crap
Vesper Lynd was the best Bond girl. Even if she was evil
Wtf the best Bond of all time omg 🤦🏾‍♂️ That explains a lot…
just feels like you are in good hands at all times
The movie was crazy bad! What a shame!
Bad review Im afraid. The plot war downright terrible. The excuse bond had to die at the end appalling. Some nicely shot action scenes but that's all. An unathlethic coloured woman as 007? A Gay Q? Pathetic figgin hate when movie shove this rubbish in your face . 1/2 star.
Coming back here again after watching the movie. The last 10 minutes and the score were amazing! Had me teary eyed and I am surely going to miss this phenomenal era of James bond as Daniel Craig<3
Would’ve been cooler if the Safin character was named dr. no
Take james bonds name out of the movie and it was a decent movie. As a James Bond movie, it's the worst Bond movie ever made.
People aren't weird. They know crap when they hear it.  The opening song blows.
They ALSO CONFIRMED James Bond Multiverse 🙌.. Before Marvel or DC 🤷🏾‍♂️
It was a decent bond film, and the ending was great, but it drove me crazy that they brought back the corny one-liners that in the first Craig Bond movie they went out of their way to keep out. I get that it was homage to earlier films, but it completely kills my suspension of disbelief.
Rich Evans was right about you.
The "I know" moment was moving.
Sean Connery was the best bond but Daniel Craig is a close second...His films are brilliant apart from Quantum...I will miss his Bond.
Apparently James Bond is so masculine that he doesn't deserve a happy ending :(
Was it just me or was Batman’s score played during the final scene 🤔😂😂
Fax
But you can just call me Trevor!
You did not wear your suit for the review bro. Whyyy
Bond films are about survival, not tragedy. Like Woody Allen learned to stick to comedy.
My main issue with the movie is that all the villains are just shoe horned in there even worse than in Spectre. The main bad guy is   bad for reasons that do not even exist for himself anymore, he himself acknowledges he has no reason for more revenge anymore, as he took his revenge decades ago. Now he is just bad just cause...... and wants to kill millions just cause. The evil scientist is just a caricature.
Thank you for this review! I watched another review and it was way too analytical and cynical. I'm happy because you enjoyed it like I did! Even the little things you noticed like the action scene going up the stairwell, to the forest scene, and Ana de Armas as an extremely funny and sexy agent. I appreciated your review a lot! Thanks for the good work!
NTTD was Bad. James Bad.
People give Billie eilish unnecessary shit for some reason. Because she's talented....what kind of sentence is that? Maybe some people just don't like the song or her style of singing. Is that not a legitimate criticism?  Same as when you said some people don't like Phoebe waller bridge because she's a woman.🤨
Paloma was my favorite! I also love how they subverted expectations by making 007 a black woman instead of a black man.
I waited 2 1/2 years for this film and it was disappointing.  Love it for what it was, but it was just underwhelming
almost a million views!
Looks like a pretty good film in the first 20 min. After that like a parody of a bond film. The end is a complete slog that makes Quantum seem watchable.
I hate the line when that scientist guy was killed
In comic book guys voice. "Worst Bond movie ever"
seen the movie and honestly, The character played by Romi Malek did not even need to be in. He was hardly in it anyway. The mystery behind who is killing of spectre and mysterious past of Lea Seydoux character was enough for me. But they needed to kill off James Bond in a big sacrifice ( he actually committed suicide ), so they needed a big boom. Ana de Armas performance was the biggest stand out for me. Liked her character.  Naomie Harris as the new 007, i could not give a damn. Not because she is a woman, she was just completely forgettable. She was basically his chauffeur/valet parking. Bond needed to leave Cuba, took her plane. Was left stranded in a remote forest, she was there to pick him up. He needed somebody to fly his glider/submarine she was the one to pilot it. If they did not give her the 007 stamp, that could have been played by 3 forgettable and dispensable agents without a name.
Chris.  I generally agree with you regarding your reviews...  However, in my opinion the pacing felt way off, I really would have liked to see the competitive nature of Bond Vs MI6 {007} drive the story forward. Scenes provoking emotional appeal from the audience really lingered - to the point that they felt completely self aware and cliche.
You are the best reviewer ever - I appreciate your work - thank you!
Only just watched the film... extremely disappointed. I thought it was world's away from how it started with casino royal and the vibe of that. Cheesy, clichéd and poorly executed in my opinion.
How come no rating?
Ana De Armas was one of the great surprises and standouts in that film and she was only on for maybe 15 minutes. A breathe of fresh air in a pretty intense film. I really hope to see more of her in a spin-off maybe?  Whereas the new female 007 had much more screen time and I wasn’t really that sold by her. The character is played pretty straight and very ‘By The Book’ as M says so himself in the film.  Although Daniel Craig isn’t my personal favourite Bond. His series of films have definitely cemented him as having some of the best films in the Bond franchise.  Anyone who steps in has some big shoes to fill.
Apart from M dying and the introduction of Mallory, Skyfall was the only instalment that completely withdrew from the whole plot tie in to the other films. Certain elements of Skyfall were embedded in Spectre, but it felt very shoe horned - ie M's video.
I thought no more reviews??
good but not as good as Casino Royale and Skyfall
sadly, I thought it kinda sucked. the things _No Time To Die_ brought to the table, from plot points to tone, should’ve been peppered into the previous four films, and made it a four-movie saga.  also, Billie Eillish (sp?) gets shit because she’s arrogant and obnoxious and doesn’t acknowledge the shoulders she stands on… and she just kind whisper-sings all her songs.
They could of done more, action,sex,fights,it needed more for the death of Bond, people like myself of the 1960,s, would've wanted more, no time to die, just to me missed the final mark,or in Bond words, kill., there could of been more action in the movie, more villians, for Bond to fight in the end.however, l do OWN the movie, it's still on the list of Bond. Thanks for ending with the words Bond will return.
There was no depth to this review
I don't think the villain mattered at all in this movie, I think he was a bond cliche on purpose... the focus was about Bond's family and legacy, which I thought was a good way to end it.
You say you can tell when the message is forced in a movie, but the say the only reason someone could dislike Phoebe is because she is a woman. Phoebe’s appeal is entirely subjective. Personally I don’t find her all that funny and she wields her politics with the subtlety of a sledge hammer. I’m glad she exists to make her films, but they generally aren’t my cup of tea.  I think this film is another mixed bag. Some good action and cinematography, but very inconsistent writing. The ending just didn’t work for me based on how we got there. Nothing in the DC era has come close to the heights of Casino Royale, but Craig had a generally entertaining run as Bond. Curious to see what we get next.
This 🐕 took the blue 💊
Hum … this one was different. Didn’t work as a James Bond movie. Good movie but NOT a bond movie
That's a cool shirt!
Worst Bond movie ever
My only gripe is they killed bond, but the franchise will continue thats been confirmed so looks like we got another reboot coming. Personally I want either Cavill or Hardy to take over the role
very anticlimatic and extremely long. not the best in the franchise and wont watch it again
Gave up after 1 hour... i will never give an obvious "diversity hire" movie a chance again.
This one should have been named Time To Die as this was Danial's last movie. This one was a real stinker compared to Sean Connery bond films but expected because the quality of just about everything these days is getting worse.
I love this film it’s shot so beautifully but I think DC deserved a better ending.
Sh*t was good. I wish I was following this movie series when it started because I can’t fully appreciate this finale. The movie was a perfect send off to a character I barely knew
"...because she's a woman?" Come on, that's not fair. You know the fear was that she'd, as you describe, force her feminist agenda down our throats at the cost of staying true to the character. I'm happy to say the movie didn't have too much of this, but it was a legitimate worry for fans to have.
It is an amazing movie. Go watch!!!
I didn't enjoy this at all. They could not leave Bond alone, everything has to be spoiled and ruined by this woke generation. Their movies and their messages suck. I don't ever want to see a female Bond. In fact I will be sure never to watch another new Bond movie again.
Jame’s girlfriend took 5yrs away from him and his child then she kept secrets that ultimately lead to his death she’s basically a villain
I disagree. I also love Daniel Craig's 007 but this one missed the point. The final send off didn't pay off and it is clear from this review that the fact you watched it in theaters again after a long period of not being able to and perhaps even because as you said yourself you hold this franchise on a special spot because of your other half really helped pollute your judgment. Regardless of the reason, we can agree to disagree but this was not a good movie. The villain is so bland, the story is all over the place, the side characters were so poorly utilized that felt like props and the final send off was soooo wasted here. Also, are we going to ignore that this whole plot was straight out of metal gear? Oh well.
What happened to the 2 'buyer' ships that were approaching the island? Did I miss something?
Great channel.   I appreciate your reviews. Happy Thanksgiving!
Should i watch the previous series before watching this movie ? I forgot the previous story :(  TQ
Just brought my dad to see the movie. He's getting over Covid and is still a bit shakey. Say what you want about streaming and downloading but nothing, and I mean nothing beats a good movie in the cinema. Great night out with my dad. Great movie by the way.
I think England is showing Hollywood how to do WOKE right.
Finally saw this film. Wow. Despite any flaws it may have, I really enjoyed it. Yes, I shed tears... at a Bond film. This ranks among my three favorite Craig Bond films - Those being Casino Royale, Skyfall and this. I think this falls between the two (with Casino Royale being first). Otherwise, my order is the same as yours. I like all the Craig films. This is my favorite Bond run.*  This movie really comes to an end. Really. How can this film be effectively followed-up on? Hmm. This is a good film. It's different than any Bond movie in the series. More of a "real" film.   I wish it was longer - fleshed out one of the characters story more. Speaking of threads - One of the funny threads running through Craig's tenure as Bond... is the fact that he wasn't an agent at some point in each one of them. It seems like a running joke.  As an aside: Bond wasn't "retired" so to type. According to the film, he was considered... er, permanently retired.   * My least favorite may be the actor who seems (or, at the time, seemed) like he should've been a shoe-in for the best - Pierce Brosnan. It's my understanding that the TV show he was in, in which he played a Bond-like character, kept him from the series. I think one of the biggest issues the series has had have been the associated producers. They've kept it back. That's why Craig's run was a surprise to me. Is this the longest running movie franchise of all time? Anyhoo, again, I don't know how this will continue, but I hope it does - and hope that it continues to improve. I grew up with Bond and it's like an institution at this point.
I watched the movie and still don’t understand why they chose that title. It doesn’t stand out, sounds like other Bond movies in the past and doesn’t represent the movie. The ending is heartbreaking but so heroic at the same time. I’m sure they debated on other alternatives, but that ending is the most powerful way for Daniel’s Bond to say goodbye. I wish Daniel could do one more, he still got one more in him!
I believe they did it right because if Lashawna Lynch is going to be the new 007 I’m OK with that because they introduced her in this one and they show that she is bad ass she is capable and it wasn’t something that was like force-fed down peoples throat  if she is going to be the new lead I’m very excited to see what they do with her although I wonder where her code name is going to be
FINALLY saw this tonight. When it hit theaters I was too busy. Caught a VERY subtle nod to Casino Royale. When Rami Malek first visits Madeline in her office, he points out a Foxglove in her office. Kind of pinkish, purplish flower, very common in Europe, and invasive in parts of the US. Foxglove is of the genus Digitalis, which is the poison that Le Chiffre tried to kill Bond with at Casino Royale. Neither film ties Digitalis and Foxglove together. Tough one to catch, but for Botany/Flower nerds.   Really good film. Better than I expected. Lea Seydoux was excellent. I think Ralph Fiennes did his best 'M' work so far. Far closer in quality to Casino Royale and Skyfall, than to Spectre and Quantum. I loved it. First Bond to really go out with a BANG! Most interesting thing I noticed, was that I think by developing the Bond/Swan relationship, this film will make Spectre better. I think I'll enjoy Spectre more knowing that it builds to this amazing conclusion.   Just my thoughts. If you haven't seen it, check it out.
I think it was a horrible way to end such a great series. It will for ever haunt me and makes me feel at type of way like I can't go back to watch the series because it ended in such an abrupt way .
You sound fine Chris
I love how Chris talks about the right wing outrage surrounding the movie
I have always enjoyed your reviews... but to listen to your dishonest take on why people might have a problem with Phoebe Waller-Bridge. No one had a problem with Patty Jenkins, at all. I will watch other reviews from now on.
We always used to see Lara Croft as the counter part of 007. But now they made a female 007. That's bullocks. They should have focused on Tomb Rider instead of stealing James Bond. James Bond itself is a boy name. I think they have failed to make Tomb Rider perfectly after Angelina stopped working on this movie.
This movie surprised me, by the trailers I thought it was gonna be a woke propaganda movie, but it wasnt, maybe ohter then bond doesnt shag the bond girl, but really thats about it. I liked how the new 007 showed respect and actually gave up her name which was a pleasant surprise, but I found the villain to be very generic and empty- all in all i give it a 6.5/10
Daniel Craig has said that he would retire from the role of James Bond if he felt he was too old to play the character. Craig has also said that it has become harder to be fit enough for the role and that there has been more use of doubles for action sequences.
As I lifelong Bond fan. I just watched this movie. As painful as this is to say, the movie sucked! I'm extremely disappointed. The movie lacks some of the bond characteristics. Such as exotic locales although there was some. The stunts were nowhere near the quality that used to be. The suits that Bond we're we're nowhere to be found. More hot women and sex scenes would have  been nice. The writing was terrible. The killing of Felix Lighter, terrible. The killing of Bond(or we seem to think so) was uncalled for. It breaks my heart to write this review
Glad I saw this AFTER the pandemic, rather than during when many people I knew were dying.
Hey chris Please I need to ask a question?
Amen to that brother, agree with almost all the points you made...watched all the daniel craig jame bond movies before this one, and it was a well made finale, bravo Daniel craig, we will miss you!!
This might be the worst movie review I’ve ever seen.  You have a stupid look on your face the whole time, took you forever to get to the point, you couldn’t sound more unenthusiastic, and I’ll never get that 10 minutes of my life back.  Where did you buy 2 million subscribers?
This was a major let down and a sad end for Craig and the character he portrayed which was so strong to begin with and then this empty shell. It was his character just giving in to the tide of woke culture. A female agent with 3 weeks training displaying skills a 30 year spy vet cant match, a new OO7 who has replaced Bond to let everyone know that his time is over rather than supporting the existing 007. To make the audience begin to get used to the idea of a female 007 in the next film? Writers that are hell bent on appealling to as many demographics as they can in order to get bums on seats and it fails because of it. You see semi nude bodies and its always Craigs, why? John Wick styled fight scenes with Bond taking out dozens of machine gun toting bad guys with his pistol and bare hands. A bad guy that can be beaten by a 5 year old and ultimately does nothing bad at all with no plot development on the supposed madman on his island with his flowers. Making Q gay but not having any real evidence to support the statement apart from some throw away line about his bf missing dinner. The smiling CIA agent, what was that supposed to be? Bloopers all the way through with scenes not making sense. I realise many loved it and thats great but not me clearly!
I think filmento’s review is more accurate. So many poor choices in the movie that Chris doesn’t touch.
lol in bond 26 how about maura higgins as new moneypenny lol henry cavill 007 lol dads to teen sons  whats with the tissues sees sexy maura as new moneypenny gimme some lol.
With the new video out, did Chris cry with the fatherhood twist?
this movie kinda trolled all the right wing snowflakes didn't it?
I thought the directing in this movie was absolutely phenomenal and I now want to watch birth of a nation who was directed by the same guy. Excited to see what he does next
I cried
Ana de Armas is amazing, i was so happy she was actually a believable badass given the story. (And for once a likeable Bond girl does not die immediately after being introduced), that said, i did not love what they decided to do to Bond at the end. Otherwise i thoroughly enjoyed it. Happy Daniel Craig had one last hooray after all
Just wanna tell you my little story. I remember this movie should've been released last year, and i promised to my dad to take him to watch No Time To Die. Sadly, i lost my father last year 29 September 2020. 366 days later after he's passed this movie released. 1 day after the day my father passed away. And oh boy, i never expected to cry while watching 007. The whole perfect goodbye plot in this movie makes me cry alot. I remembered my dad, he loves watching espionage movie especially 007 and M:I. The last 15 minutes of the movies, all i could think is, "i wish father could see this ending and i wanna know what his reaction". Literally tearjerker. Thanks Dad, thanks 007.
🇬🇧 I found it messy, badly paced, insultingly cliched, boring, underused characters, poor main villain incoherent, bad audio, far too long and an emotionally weak bond. A very poor film in my view 1/10. And why is everyone talking about the next actor to play James Bond? The Muppets killed him off. He's dead!!
I'm glad I went into this movie blind and ignored what everyone was talking about. I actually enjoyed the movie quite a bit, even the bitter/sweet ending. I've always have a soft spot for Pierce Brosnan as Bond (mostly because of Goldeneye) but Daniel Craig did a fantastic job.
Bond died for no reason.  Nanobots don't self replicate.  They are just very tiny robots.  And they probably runs on tiny battries.  When their lifespan is good when the battries last.  So he just needed to wait for the battires to dies out or when the nanobot shed from his system (don't self-replicate).  Otherwise, they can device another nanobot to hunt for these nanobot in the body and destroy them.
*     Hi Chris. Say, I think I may have figured out how you can work the rest of the James Bond films in with the Daniel Craig films *and* make it work. First of all, the James Bond video game called "007 Legends" provides us with the answer of how to work it all out. When you watch the non-Daniel Craig Bond films, you have to assume that it's the same man. What it does, is it gives you an idea of what the Daniel Craig Bond might've been like, in those different eras.  *     To get a better idea of what I'm talking about, play or do research on the video game "007 Legends" and that'll give you a much better idea. The writers of the video game only made one mistake. All of the other Bond films would've had to have taken place in between the films "Skyfall", and "Spectre". *Not* in between "Quantum of Solace" and "Skyfall". So, in other words, the entire James Bond(film) chronology, would play out something like this: "Casino Royale", "Quantum of Solace", "Skyfall".  *     This would be followed by "The Living Daylights"(because the Timothy Dalton Bond films are considered to be prequels of the Sean Connery Bond films), "Licence to Kill"(where they mention another wife that Bond had. Could they be referring to Vesper?), "Goldeneye"(because the Pierce Brosnan Bond films are considered to be a continuation of the Timothy Dalton Bond films), "Tomorrow Never Dies", "The World is Not Enough", "Die Another Day", "Dr. No", "From Russia with Love"(where Bond hears about SPECTRE for the first time).  *     Then after that, would be "Goldfinger"(which takes place *after* Moneypenny becomes "M's" secretary), "Thunderball", "You Only Live Twice"(where Bond meets Blofeld for the first time), "Diamonds are Forever"(where Bond encounters Blofeld 3 times), "Never Say Never Again"(where Bond goes up against Emilio Largo's son "Maximilian Largo"), "On Her Majesty's Secret Service"(where he meets Blofeld, presumably while in disguise, much like he was disguised in "You Only Live Twice), "Live and Let Die", "The Man with the Golden Gun".  *     After that, it would be "The Spy Who Loved Me", "Moonraker", "For Your Eyes Only"(where Bond drops Blofeld into a smokestack, but perhaps Blofeld's wheelchair had some gadgets on it that may have saved his life and gotten him outta there), "Octopussy", "A View to a Kill"(which would be his very last mission right before the Bond film called "Spectre").  *     Finally, there would be "Spectre"(where he finally sees Blofeld again after last seeing him in "For Your Eyes Only". Why doesn't Bond comment on this, or any of their other previous encounters? Probably because even by the "Dr. No" mission, Bond was already starting to sound like he was getting burned out with these dictators who think they're Napoleon, or........God. Then he goes on to say in a very bemused tone of voice ".....same old dream........world domination."  *     So in other words, Bond would not want to open the door for Blofeld to engage him in idle chit chat. By the time of "Spectre", he had enough of the guy. He didn't wanna chat him up. He wanted to kill him. He was obviously too dangerous to be kept alive. What about the scars? He obviously had the scar tissue removed, only to be replaced by new, very similar scars.  *     Why didn't Blofeld comment on their previous encounters? He probably had no interest in walking down memory lane with Bond. He hated Bond. Bond had humiliated him several times, but Blofeld certainly didn't want him to have a quick, painless death. Not by any stretch of the imagination), and then finally, there is "No Time to Die". So, there you have it. That is literally the only way that you can work out the James Bond chronology at this point. Now........it's time for another reboot. Heaven help us............
I must be a grinch for not liking this movie. It was really predictable. The story has been told a thousand times (bad broken russian man seeks to destroy humanity). Corny because of all the references (I know that's part of bond but how many new movies can you make based mostly on fan service through references of previous movies). The man takes about 12 grenades to the face and usually just brushes some dust off his suit. I can go on and on.   I do truly like Daniel Craig as Bond and he didn't do anything wrong, but the story is nothing to remember and the movie is kind of meaningless.   I feel like I'm the only one who feels this way. I guess the franchise just isn't for me.
You liked timothy dalton as James Bond ?
I can't understand how people think that Daniel Craig was a great James bond.  He's the worst James bond ever in my opinion. And that's just my opinion. The only good James bond movie he made Was Casino Royale and that's because of the storyline and the direction not because of his acting
Hans Zimmers reimagining of John Barrys OHMSS score was phenomenal
This movie was a disappointment.
Hey new world, take away every little freaking pleasure 🙏  Why didn't you create your own franchise and do whatever you want with it. 🤬
One of the worst James Bond films
Dr no's cat is with q
Ending sucked for a Bond film
Always taking over a male franchise just to inject a women into it for left wing brownie points. Won’t be long before they have to have a female John Wick because you know, equality and shit
5:45 - No, we aren’t upset that she is a women. We are upset that she is a self claimed man hating feminist. We don’t want our Bond movies to become what Kathleen Kennedy made the Star Wars franchise into - They push their political biased gender ideologies instead of looking after and keeping true to the story.
Get woke go broke - Feminists love it.... Minority viewers stroking it over the ‘very first black women of minority 007’.
Hey man.  I am a fan of your reviews and have watched more than I can count.  I wondered if maybe you'd consider re-considering this review or at least re-watching No Time to Die and applying a more critical eye to it.  I thought there were some glaring problems with this movie in a number of areas and after watching it the first thing I thought of was: wait, Stuckman seemed to like this.  Technically the movie looked like, in parts, they'd gotten the B-team in there to light & film it.  It reminded me of some scenes in the Schwarzenegger "classic" jingle all the way where it looked like the backup crew on a sitcom did the filming.  Seriously!  I generally liked Craig as Bond in all the movies and I thought Casino Royale was a masterpiece.  But this one just was not good and despite some good action scenes was a sad end to the Craig era as this character.   Just my two cents!
Have you forget those times when Bond movies were fun? With good action, non-ordinary villains, funny one liners and cool gadgets? This movie just boring and plot is awfully bad. Whose idea is this: to get 2.5 hours drama with bad characters and stupid dialogues. This is just bad movie. Not the worst ever made. But just don't spend your time on it. This review full  wrong in ever aspect. I have no idea who is the singer of theme song and lady who wrote plot - but they made not very good job. And it has no connection to their gender and beliefs.
Hans Zimmers score was beautiful…
I think the Q scene was a little ridiculous. There has never been a mention of this in any Bond film but decided to add everything in this Bond movie. Other than that, this is a terrific Bond movie and great finale.
Glad you got Manflu and not got hysterical over CV19
Only thing I didn't like about this movie was the cyclops henchmen dude. He looked cool but kinda disappointing.
Just finished this. This was very very very good! I won't lie. I teared up toward the end.
I loved the movie   HAAAAATEED Bond dying and the shitty ending
such a boring film. Don't bother.
This was level garbage. It did no justice to Daniel Craig and his handing over the reign to the new oo7 felt forced and unsatisfying. This show needed to be cut and trimmed. Anticlimactic ending.
Great review.... as always. I avoided reading, or watching any reviews about this. It has been difficult but I am glad I did. Man... WHAT...A...JOURNEY! Craig is my fav Bond, although I grew up with Connery being Bond. Brosnan was... meh... we don't talk about that. I enjoyed the SHIT out of this movie. It was fun, it was funny, great one liners, perfect score, awesome action.... and one HELL of a fucking ending!
Was entertained, didnt expect to be emotional on this one!
<3
Run time too long. Plot makes no sense. Villain has no motivation. New 007 is pointless. I did not like the ending. The action scenes and the score were pretty good. I loved Ana de Armas. And Daniel Craig is still a great Bond. The problem is, if the script is no good the whole thing falls down. That is what happened here. Bad movie. But... if we are comparing against other Bond movies, which mostly stink like hot garbage, than yes, this is one of the better Bond films. I grant you that.
Would rank this last out of the Craig movies. Boring and if your gonna kill bond make that last 15 second shot alittle longer u had the visual u had the music and then bam, way to short
Okay, so Chris missed to praise Zimmer's score.
Stick to the review…
I've seen the first half of this film and I definitely don't rate as highly as Chris or some of the people commenting here. I think it was one of the worst Daniel Craig bond films because it's so cliché in comparison with some of the others. So far it reminds me of the older Bond films with the machinegun car headlights, Russian scientists, stopping to make a drink during a fire fight and the quippy one liners. I thought the franchise was trying to get away from these clichés?
My issue with this movie were the characters. Paloma was there just because ana de armas is gorgeous and popular now, she never appeared again. Nomi, well, lets face it, her character could be removed from the movie and have zero impact in it. Blofeld was a great villian and had a fantastic actor wasted in a few minutes of screen time. And Rami Malik's character motivations were... ehhh...
I do love your reviews for years and I'm looking forward to watching your stuff !!! but now I'm feeling pretty obliged to move your focus on a specific point of yours ... on the one hand you're pointing out, that people are weird for giving shitstorm towards Billie Eilish because she's talentedand. I have to give you applause for that statement !!! on the other hand you'redoing kind of the same movement in your video by mentioning that Phoebe Waller Bridge was on board, for the simple reason that she's a woman ... that is the most unqualified statement, I ever heard from you and beside that little flaw, your reaction is again a very good one, BUT Phoebe Waller Bridge was brought in because she's simply one of the best autors around !!! check it out, she is talented .... like you said, peopple are weird
This dude hates every film
One of my favorite Bond movies. Ballsy move killing Bond. I didn't see that coming. I saw this with my teen son and we were sad leaving. Considering Craig was leaving, it was a brilliant move imo. The flack over rewrite of script is unfounded. Awesome movie.
Seems like a marvel film rather than a bond movie man, very disappointed tbh
The super classy womanizer agent, turns emotional and sensitive - has a child - dies.  Ehmmm....?!?!
just a note: "people gave shit to Billy Eilish because she is ...talented".... Seriously mate? Could it be they (like me) just didnt like the song??? Just saying...its an option.
This movie went for nearly 3 hours, too long, i don't believe they needed to have James Bond killed either
Why wouldn’t an EMP kill the nano-bot tech?
Great review about the film and the state of theaters. Definitely third behind CR and Skyfall...but the ending was such a downer and un-Bond like. The film was all over the place trying to combine campy Bond with realistic Bond. The end was a reminder of real life and how tragic it can get. I mean, give the audience some hope and an escape from reality...after all, Bond is supposed to represent hope for a better and just world. I get why they did what they did  but the end just left me with a sunken feeling.
Lashana Lynch was just OK to me in the film. I think just the way her character was set up and introduced is unlikeable so I dont want to see her as the next Bond/007. Especially when she literally gets nothing done well in the film. I understand that this is to keep the shine on Craigs Bond but still Lynchs character is a bit too incompetent and unlikeable to me. On the other hand Ana De Armes character blew her part out of the damn water. I would like to see her as the next Bond even, she fits the feme fatale role so well.
No time to die is utter shite
This movie wasn’t a good bond film. Having children in the movie bothered me. And bond having kids was not a good idea. As an action film it was cool, but as a bind film it’s a disgrace. And yeah, they were shoving things down our throat with this one. Overall, it’s a flop for me.
just broke my heart.... :(( it was a superb movie. but broke my heart...
The movie has only just come out in Australia, and I'm surprised none of the videos I've seen brought up that staircase oner. That damn near 3 minute long shot where he fights up and down those stairs was so good. I couldn't tell if there was any VFX blending to join multiple takes together or not, but regardless, it was such an awesome shot. The movie had a few unique and creative shots throughout. The shot of the bad guys raiding the building near the beginning, when the camera was upside down, and then slowly rotated 180 degrees as they broke down the window. I love shit like that. I hoped for a good movie, but I didn't anticipate such a visually good looking one. Still doesn't top Casino Royale for me. I doubt any bond movie ever will. But this one is definitely on a Skyfall level with me. My preferred movie of the two flip flops with the weather.
Love how there were little nods to On her Majesties Secret Service. And hearing Louis Armstrong playing over the final credits just cemented that.
Disappointed in this movie, took a while before the real action started,  too much of a gap in between action scenes.  I give it a 6 out of 10 and I'm a big James Bond fan..
I know what you mean about the theatrical experience. Because of the pandemic, I was able to notice a huge difference between the watching movies home and in a movie theatre.  This difference is relating the intense emotional impact on the audience cuz of the atmosphere you can encounter only in the movie theatre. When I went to the cinema after the quarantine for the first time, I got very emotional even though the movie wasn’t that great at conveying the emotional weight.
It was good but no alot of action as the others.
"I notice when people try to shove things down my throat". The Last Jedi : A-
Daniel took it home. His arc is done I will deeply miss him . Very emotional film he my bond and the best one ever
She be the new James Bond they want a women and they will charge to much just like this new movie James Bond
It a joke
This movie sucked. Chris owes me 20 bucks. Terrible review
After watching this movie, I felt empty.
I completely get what you meant when you said that due to the pandemic going back to the cinema has felt so much more special. The last film I watched before the pandemic was once upon a time in Hollywood. I just recently went to see last night in soho (which was excellent) and realised how much I missed it and how much I love it. It’s by far my favourite thing to do
Well, this is certainly a different 007 movie, James certainly gets his mission differently, and the DNA assassin is I would say, a fantastic plot. Daniel really had the best Bond films, but of course since the 60s, movie makers learned a lot since and, they direct movies better, they write better stories, better screenplays, edit better, and a lot of other things in film making, this movie is very, very good. But I don't know how they are gonna bring back James Bond from the dead, because at the very end it still says "James Bond Will Return" I just hope they get as good an actor and as good a story, if not better. I love this movie, I think this stands almost side by side with Casino Royale, because the flow of the story and the unfolding of the story is I would say natural and smooth, Skyfall is good but it sort of felt contrived and the set up of the action is commercial. We've all waited for this movie and the wait was all worth it, superbly done!! No Time To Die is Excellent!
there are some cool action scenes and bond, of course, always looks composed, fit, and fashionable, while risking life and limb to save the people of the world. but these james bond movies have never made much sense lol it really is its own fantasy spy world. but because of its modern aesthetics, i erroneously expect some level of realism haha in the majority of the time, the plot serves the spectacle rather than the other way around
Don't waste your time.  This is a "woke" Bond movie, with some angry, sullen, arrogant black woman playing 007 (yes, really). Bond has fathered a child to the French love interest (Seydoux), who gets kidnapped by the "pineapple face" villain. (played ridulously and unconvincingly by Rami Malek) Bond gets killed in the end, by ordering a strike by British warships on the villains lair in the Russian/Japanese islands. (Where he is). I'm glad he got blown up. I was getting fed up with the social engineering in bond films. Apart from anything else, it was a confused story that goes way beyond "suspending your belief". This is the worst Bond movie by far and I wish I could get back the 2hrs 45 minutes I wasted, watching it.  This is a seriously bad film.
Not gonna lie that ending was so damn powerful and sad I teared up a bit.
Blah blah blah, talk about the movie, duh
I’ll never get tired of Bond movies.
I thought they took his balls away in an earlier Bond film, but they really took them away in this one!
How could this film has positive review?  People in my theatre was snoring by the last 30mins, way too much dialogues, the switching of 007 was absolutely pointless, the villain was boring as hell.    Craig and Ana were the only reasons this film is even watchable.  If critics are bombing Eternal, then No Time to Die should be torch fired.  It totally did Criag dirty being his last bond movie.
Dull, lame and too long. What passes for modern cinema today as killed this franchise long before the movie's finale.
I think I'm on the minority but I'd definitely switch Skyfall and Spectre for my list. I'm not a fan of Skyfall at all (obviously) as it has far too many plot holes and conveniences (not to mention it feels more like a Bourne film than a Bond one). I really enjoyed No Time To Die though and I'm glad I watched it in theatres. Great review.
I was glads they ended Blofelds quickly he sucks
Dislike
It makes perfect sense why most people like this piece of crap.
I haven’t cried in years. This film made me absolutely ball my eyes out
Yes, people were upset that Phoebe Waller-Bridge was brought in for the sole fact she is woman. That's it. That's the only reason. Nailed it. Nothing about her previous works or things she said about the Bond franchise or interviews or anything like that. Just because she's a woman. People saw that XX chromosomes walking up and just lost their shit. No possible other reason. Distilled liquid sexism. Every single criticism was because of her gender. Nothing else.  Do you listen to yourself at all or do you just say things?
Ah I've missed this. Watching your videos after watching a movie. Or sometimes, watching your reviews first when I need to be convinced to see a movie. Covid sucks.
I really didn’t like this film.  I can’t quite put my finger on why.  I guess it’s because I became used to the gritty stark psychological nature of Craig’s films, and this one had A LOT of polish.  It almost seemed like a Michael Bay film, not so much in the gratuitous action scenes, but in the editing and “hollywoodness”.  Craigs performances were a bit wooden.  He played it as if Bond was more interested in chilling out than using intellect and violence to defeat evil.  I don’t know.  It just came across as too schmaltzy, too produced, too cutesy, too shiny.  And the pace was all wrong, multiple times the story lost its sense of urgency.  For the next film, I hope they do a story that takes place in 2 hours, real time, over the course of the movie.  Especially since 24 isn’t on the air anymore.  That might be cool!  Maybe Bond starts out as British Naval Special forces, and is part of a team sent to recon a compound or something.  And his whole team gets wiped out, and he discovers what going on at the compound and single handedly stops it.  Then after his mission is over, a man from M.I.6 offers him a job . . . .   A new origin story, taking him from Commander Bond to 007.
i think you missed the whole fact that the new 007 whos name no one remembers is .... a woman. bond for those whove never watched a fucking bond movie before is a movie about a fucking womanising hard drinking sexy as fuck secret fucking agent. EVERY MAN EVER who owns their own balls, wants to be bond. we dont want to go to cinemas to watch our own normal lives with kids and one mediocre woman. BOND gets the hottest fucking women. ie what about that scene with ana where she laughs at him for him implying she wants to jump him... ffs thats shit being jammed down your throat. Men are able to live vicariously thru Bond and hes womanising, even if just for a minute or two. but this movie they cut off his balls and married him off to some slag whos average at best.
I think Rami Malek can definitely pull off a villain as good as Le Chiffe was if there was a character like that
how can it be the final one if at the end it says bond will return? i certainly know i wont be watching no woman bond. maybe that ana chick she was sexy but it wont be bond. lets all be honest it could of been worse. they could of just picked the shit out of bond vs women etc.  the ONLY reason i watched this film was for Daniel Craig. il admit it, i hated him at first but damn apart from connery hes my new fav.  the storyline is total shit to be honest. like why the fuck did that guy kidnap the woman he saved? then ignore her and want the kid, then let the kid go ffs? stupid fucking plot holes
This movie suffered from three things 1. Too many shoot outs had plot armour that felt forced. And unnecessary. They could have had less shooting and just as effective. 2. Too many scenes with the child didn't work and felt like token emotional button to press. 3. The overall plot followed very predictable beats.  Overall most scenes were well done. Visually it was good. Music was ok.  This felt like another Bond movie let down by average writing.  7/10
I haven't followed anything online about this movie and I'm not sure what the outrage was... From what Chris is saying it sounds like someone is mad that... women exist..? I don't know...
For a guy that spends his life talking about movies calling other people strange, is....strange lol
It's not just the that new 007 actress. I find it funny that somehow now Bond (white) villains has immediately more racist or have offensive lines... Just to throw 'em to acid.  I haven't seen all the Bond movies. Maybe I am wrong.
Bond looking up to the missile while smoking filix's cigar 🚬 it would have been better i guess...
I thought it was like Metal Gear Solid 4. That game made me buy a Playstation 3 to experience it. This Bond movie blew me away! Bond will always live.
My son lost interest about an hour into the movie. He was so keen after watching all of Daniel Craig's previous James Bond films in the preceding  week.   He left the cinema asking why James died.  The Daniel Craig series ending has been coming for a while like a slow motion car crash.  The death of M was the first time I realised how the series might end. I never thought it would end up as a head-on.  I can't see myself or my children getting back in the the passenger seat with who ever is the new driver. For me it's lost its soul.  My kids lost interest in Ironman, Captain America and then  Doctor Who when they killed or changed the characters.   Now my kids seem more interested in playing video games.  There isn't a movie franchise or television series my kids have asked to watch lately.
My family says to me that Sean Connery is the real Bond but, for me, even though I loved Brosnan's Bond, Daniel Craig is the real one.
Nah fam… this Bond film felt like a replica..
What a Crock of 5#!+ The absolute worst of the Daniel Craig series, or any James Bond book or film.  Don't waste your time or money.
I truly believe that EON have meant for the Craig era Bond films are meant to be a stand alone story arch .. having said this I LOVED this, and to be honest if they don't do another, I could easily live with this being the final Bond ever. Yes, Chris this was so affecting and poignant.. knew that Craig was going to be a great Bond, even before he became Bond.. saw Layer Cake and knew that he would end up being Bond..   Chris, hate being that guy.. but could you please review Layer Cake? Would love to hear your opinion
The franchise has gone to the dogs now. Can someone explain to me how Felix Leiter dies twice in the series? How does it continue with the main man eliminated? The DNA virus was a ridiculous scenario that no one understood and some moron got paid handsomely to screenplay this garbage? The series should be discontinued its getting ridiculous.
So we are all cool with killing off James Bond? Why the selfish ending because Craig doesn't want to play the character anymore? Quit Bond and let someone else play play him like the other Bond's before him.
Watch Ben Shapiro's review for all the dumb whining that you're talking about lol. You can tell how little these people pay attention to the movie because they wanna believe they're right.
If you are looking for a James Bond movie, this is not it.  There is a tried and true method to James Bond movies and the people responsible for this movie decided, nah, lets do something different.  If you compare Casino Royale with this movie, you wonder how this can be the same character.  This of course, is just my opinion.
Without a doubt the worst bond film ever made its as if the writers never watched a 007 film in their entire life complete and utter embarrasment
Don’t you think Daniel Craig portrays a witless and humourless bond. Novels by Flemming were much more fun. Tongue in cheek necessary for a spy fantasy imo.
F this movie. It didn’t even need to be made. They threw bonds legacy in the garbage. Just move on to a new actor and certainly not a black female who is horrible plank of a actress.
This movie was shit
The plot made absolutely no sense, just like the new female "007". WTF..
The film runs for almost three hours and not interesting enough.
I loved this movie. Amazingly crafted, no expense-spared where literally everyone delivered. A+ as an experience. Yes, it was also a bit exhausting because it was so long but it’s just so good… The finale, oh my…
I said 7-8 when i first saw it but looking back id say its more 6-6.5. There were things i feel couldve been handled better and there were alot of things that didnt make sense imo. Still not sure about the villains motivations. The ending hit me in the feels but not as much as i was hoping for. It was a good above average bond film. Still doesnt touch casino royale, skyfall or goldeneye for me
I’m all for supporting big budget movies- sadly being away from theatres for so long, then going back a few times really made me appreciate movies at home. I used to love the theatre- not anymore. But I’d gladly rent these blockbuster type movies at home on a premium streaming service to support them.
Idris Elba next Bond 🔥🔥
Pierce Bronson is the best bond  in my opinion
Black 007 was like watching Eddie Murphy in drag again.
7.11 my expectation was to see a bond film, no time to die isn't a bond film. Its a cliché a gimmick... safin just murders all of spectre and then bond because? Revenge? Honestly i find this bad story telling, the jokes were off setting and the amount of sjw humor forcing to say that old expect nothing to change while the New is the change is a off setting mindset, its a trope a gimmick. This film is honestly the worst bond film.
Film was boring… lots of cliches, remi malik was cringe. Daniel’s old and creeping on his 20yr something girlfriend who looks to be his daughter. Plus was the set locations. The new 007 was clearly for woke points, but if they really were woke they’d cast a person of color for the bond role (I hope). Idk other plot holes here and there. They ought to remake the bond films in the way they did the dark night rises- now that would be something enjoyable.
I think the cinema nostalgia has clouded your judgement.  The movie is below average. Ridiculous characters and forced narratives. 2.5 stars
First of all can I say I really like your approach to reviewing a movie.  No hysteria nor aggressive anger.    Now as to the film my thoughts, having only seen it two hours ago and then just now this review, is that I don't think I would know where to rate it among Daniel Craig's other Bond outings.  The reason being is that is felt so different and quite unique.  Rami Malek's character I enjoyed because his evil came from a different place and he had an almost pathetic tragic presence which is a nice change.  Lea Seydoux was simply beautiful, not just in appearance but in every gaze, gesture and vibe - you really felt her pain and sorrow.  Also the chemistry between her character and Daniel Craig's seemed so real, passionate and full of complexity and depth.  The chemistry between the two leads had a lot more strength to it than the Bond/Vesper pairing ).  This was a very emotional movie, similar to Skyfall in that respect, however I thought this offered even more.  No Time to Die had enormous emotional pull yet more importantly had moments of beauty.  For me this perhaps makes it the best James Bond movie ever!  Hans Zimmer's score was perfect and the reprise of We Have All the Time in the World from the early Bond film, On Her Majesty's Secret Service was a brilliant idea, especially seeing the last five minutes of that other film was also emotionally powerful.  I think it will depend on what the viewer wants most out of a Bond film that will decide his or her favourite.  As a thriller I would go with Casino Royale, for back story Skyfall but for romance, tragedy (sense of loss) and for the love of the title character then No Time to Die is a masterpiece.  P.S. Yes A View to a Kill is best taken as a comedy.  Also yes, Billie Irish's song is profound and perfect for this film.
Not a woke moment???? Man didn't you watch the wine cellar scene, chris???? WTF. That is not a James Bond movie. STOP SUCKING UP TO STUDIOS, BRO.
(SPOILER ALERT)     I cannot believe they killed Bond....it was a great movie until the end. Now I'm just a little sad. While I can fully resonate with your passion for great and nostalgic films Mr Stuckmann, you sir have a far more mature sense of detachment from them than I do in this moment. Once again I say boooooo to this ending and I hope they can revive the nostalgia somehow and bring Bond back for all of us to further enjoy.  edit: My only complaint regarding your reviews are that they aren't longer. You are by far my favorite media reviewer. I'd love to view you in a long-form discussion setting. Be well and thank you for the great reviews, as always.
This movie is f-ing TERRIBLE because is NOT a bond movie. Not a quip, none of the charm. And there is a scene where Bond actually says: "Shouldn´t we know each other a little better before we kiss?" and then he asks a WOMAN NOT to see him while he undresses. WTF?????? THAT. IS. NOT. JAMES BOND.
Awful movie , Craig deserved better
Thank you for ranking Casino Royale as your number one. It is absolutely the best in this run and towers over the others. I find it surprising when people rank Skyfall above it, it’s not even close.
It felt like they didn't want to focus more on the development of the villain Safin. He became more like an inspiration for James to become who he truly is.   This is the last time, the culmination of the formation of Daniel Craig's James Bond, the end of all of his fears.   In my eyes, this is a masterpiece of story telling.
I find it odd how Bond escaped the sinking boat just by opening the door.....how the villain just let the little girl go with no suspense/fight.....and how Bond just ended the villain with a simple up close shot.🤷‍♂️ No complicated fight or what not.
nobody is even gonna talk about how this movie is essentially Metal Gear Solid lol
I enjoyed the movie but for different reasons. The Paloma character seemed out of place. Actions scenes were OK. Nothing spectacular Every henchmen in the movie might as well be drones. Story's OK. Could have made it more interesting. Nomi character being 007 was OK. Stupid to let something like that bother you. Direction, editing and cinematography stuff were below my expectations. Just lacking wow factor for me. Traditional bond elements could have been done better. Eg puns/one liners, gadgets, Bond girls. I liked the non-original music. Zimmer didn't bring any memorable new stuff. But still a very watchable movie. Really liked the unexpected ending.
Wow! Such different impressions! Huge Bond fan, but this was.... a mess. Bond with kids. Maybe next Bond can drive a minivan. Most of the writing (film) was truly cringe-worthy. I was looking forward to this for years and it was not a good film- definitely Craig's worst, and below average for the series. Too bad my favorite Bond went out with a wimper instead of a bang.
Bond forgot that he didn't have to die. There's always Zoom and phone to connect with Madeline and Mathilde.
movie tooo bad
It sucked after the first 30mins
The James Bond franchise was one of the things my father and I bonded over, when I was a small child in the early 80's. It was one of his favorite series as a teenager in the 60's, and it became one of my favorite series.   I was really looking forward to No Time To Die, sadly though I was thoroughly disappointed by this film. It had some great cinematography, and a few things about it I enjoyed (especially all of the retro music cues... & Ana De Armas... yes please), but making such major changes to Bonds entire dynamic felt off. I am a Social Justice activist, so I have no issues with those elements being worked in. I thought the new 007 was actually pretty awesome too. I didn't mind Bond not womanizing everyone on screen. My biggest issues were the way Remi's villain was handled (or more, underused), giving (SPOILERS) Bond a daughter (/SPOILERS), and a lot of the general plot decisions. They either felt mean spirited towards the franchise (Poor Felix), or wholly bizarre (Sure, I'll just leave Bonds daughter behind, because of reasons). It also wrapped up everything way too conveniently. Killing off pretty much every villain left in the franchise in one swoop (as if the entirety of SPECTRE would ever physically be in the same place at one time). I dunno, I went in hoping for another solid Craig Bond film, but I left the theater feeling pretty unfulfilled.
those missiles sure took there time
This movie was garbage.
I felt so affected by Felix and James’ deaths. It was their endgame, and I cannot think of a much more fitting word to describe it than bittersweet.
I fully agree with everything you said man. Top three, third place for sure. Safin had a lot more potential though.
The Ana de armas 25 mins stood out completely different tonally from the opening 30 mins of bond. Radar went off. It became fluff until her character left. I think I know who wrote that part. Rest of the film I really liked.
Bond fan for 31 years. Just finished watching this a few hours ago and my thoughts - Fukunaga did an awesome job with the cinematography and locations (I LOVE how he interweaved more elements from OHMSS, which is my favourite Bond movie of the entire franchise); throw in my favourite movie composer ‘the big Hans Zimmer’ to the mix with that epic soundtrack; and the story itself captivated me emotionally towards the end. The believability of Safin (or is it Dr No?!) and his villains as well as some other elements in the film were the cons for me. However, it still doesn’t beat Spectre for me as that movie explains a lot more about Bond and Blofeld’s relationship and their personal vendetta towards each other which I’ve always wondered about over the years, as well as the stunning locations in that movie alone.   My ranking of Craig’s movies: 1.Spectre 2. NTTD 3. Casino Royale 4. Skyfall 5. Quantum Of Shit  So it’s the end of an era...I would love to see a prequel instalment as to how Bond becomes 007 prior to joining MI6
Watched this last night, I felt quite emotional too. Daniel Craig has been Bond half of my life, I saw Casino Royale when I was 15 in the cinema. I'm now 30 and feel like a big chapter of my life has ended. Daniel Craig was definitely my favourite Bond and did the character well!
Im a Pierce Brosnan 007 fan and i think that will not change
Ranger rover  to Toyota :- " kid am a joke to you"?😁😁
So boringly slow ,the movie had more jumps in it than the BEST LOOKING  PRO ON A SATURDAY NIGHT IN SOHO the editor should have cut at lest half an hour out of the movie my mistake i didn,t read the reviews , and they had at least 2 years to fix the movie before it came out.
Surprised, Chris. I really can't see what you liked about this film. It was such a misfire after what was probably the best opening sequence of any Craig Bond film. I was so disappointed after it. The characters and story were a mess - characters, because there was no development, and too many for us to care about - and the story was choppy and all over the place. Why kill of Spectre in such a lame way to create a new villain we don't know or care about?  You spoke for 10 minutes without actually reviewing the film.
No Time to Die more like *NO,* *TIME* *TO* *DIE*
I thought it was one of the best if not the best bond film at least in my mind. I think producers definitely made some bold decisions to really tackle the "traditional" bond formula that they used over and over in this franchise. This may be the controversial talking point but I liked the fact that they really wanted to cast a new light on bond's traditional character as a playboy for whom women are just an accessory and a means to satisfy sexual desires into more of a family man and a father who genuinely falls in love with one woman and wanting to protect the family, which is something we as an audience are not quite familiar with. The way they ended the movie was also bold and signifies not only the end of Daniel Craig's era as a bond but also leaves the audience curious as to where the franchise will go next and opens up a lot of exciting possibilities. I think bond franchise has definitely come to realise that it is time to break the shell and try new things accordingly with the changing world. I applaud their courage to do so because it can be viewed as a risky move. The storyline was believable and I was immensely impressed to watch Daniel Craig's portrayal of bond mature through each movie. Cinematography was also beautiful. Overall I would give 9/10.
i went into this movie not optermistic because of 2 reasons. 1) i hated, hated spectre (loved skyfall.) 2) haveing the policics of the day thrown in my face with the black or woman thing.  wow just wow, bond doesnt do any of those things.  no time to die is my favorite bond film of all time  because its a great movie.  unlike spectre the car chases gur bikes are amazing, the action is bondy and exiting and the story and characters blew my mind:)  I honestly think this might be my favorite bond of all time.  id love to see the female white agent that drinks fast as a bond and id love  donds girl to become someone in new bond movies.  And quite honestly although she didnt get alot of air time here i think the the new 007 deserves a movie too, not sure if shed make a great bond like martini girl who i would love to see as a 007 but hey i loved it all and am now back in fandom for bond. i honestly thought i was out after spectre like rise of skywalker took my star wars fandom of 40 years away.  Thk you for no time to die.  ps i still think edis elba would make the perfect bond.
3 bags of popcorn and a warm diet coke in the can.
007 is now a black lesbian. After 50 years, Hollywood made him a black lesbian. There is no end to their efforts to destroy the West.
Despite poor villain motivation and the other 007 being superfluous, this was the only Bond film that made him relatable and emotionally vulnerable.
She didn't just kill him off, he was cancelled. Yes it was political ! Lots of double 0 characters have been killed off over the years, but only 007 was replace . With a Black Female none the less, thats Political Bullshit. RIP James Bond 007  Another franchise destroyed by the Woke Americans.
I respect that Chris has a sentimental attachment to this franchise, but ya'll, this plot made no sense. Still entertaining.
Why the hell do we align  on every thing cinema.  it creeping me out.  Danielle Craig was my favorite too.
I havent been stuckmamized yet.... I want my stuckmanization!!!!!
it was streat forward boring and dumb
I have never seen more of a fake review in my life. This film makes Quantum of solace look good. It is the most insulting Bond film i have ever seen. No Time To Die” is a completely soulless film. It’s as if the films entire identity has been stripped away. The script is awful, the plot makes no sense. It's offensive to even call this a Bond film.
PC stuff was def a non issue. BUT the story - wtf!  Why doesn't Malek's character age??? Why doesn't Malek die from being shot in the beginning?  Why does Malek want to kill a couple million people? Why does Malek want revenge on Madeline when he's the one who saved her? Why can the nanobots be reprogramed to not hurt Bond at the birthday party but later can't be reprogramed to not hurt Bond's wife and kid? Why does Bond just give up and die at the end. He could still be a part of his wife and child's lives from a distance. Hadn't he just gone 5 years without seeing Madeline at all? Wouldn't he now have every reason to live?? Surely Q branch could invent something.
I'm a life long fan of the Bond Movies, I'm early thirties and have watched them all, numerous times and I absolutely love their little nods to the past in this film. I did actually make a remark about their reference to OHMSS earlier in the film (the music was done so flippin well), not only did they use lines from that film, but also re-used (sometimes super subtly) scores from that film. That remark i made to my partner was along the lines of what that usage could possibly mean (if you know, you know). I did not however, expect what came in the last 15 minutes somehow. There are only 3 moments that i can recall in Bond History that have made me tear up and if i recall, they are OHMSS ending, License to kill with felix and his wife, and the last 15 or so mins of this movie.  Very good film, very fitting end to a superb series of bond movies and Daniel Craig has indeed been probably one of the best Bond's (I like them all in their own ways).
Can't wait for honest trailers to rename this: No, time do die.
Technically it's amazing, but it has probably one of the weakest villains, and some "questionable" lines. The "race" line by the scientist towards 007? Needless.
As boring and stupid as Tenet.
"You know what time this is?"
My name is Bond, Jane Bond! 009!
This film sucks.
lol I'm glad I'm not subscribed to you
people give billie elish shit because she's talented? did you really say that? and you thought this was a good movie for theatrical experience and shit? I would say by the time cinema is going to shit critics are going to shit too, this was clearly a partly "ordered" movie by the cabal, black 007 woman is not writer-director vision it's the democratic party agenda, if you can't see that you are either blind or just too naive to realize, why are you pushing that it's normal and has nothing to do with the politics of the day? you lost me with this one chris.
[Spoiler] The movie is a mess. The villain doesn't have any standing on how he's so powerful. Spectre has a disappointing downfall. And half the movie is a soap f*cking opera.
They did try to stuff social commentary. Q is gay? A black female 007? The female 007 flies the plane with bond as a passenger? They absolutely did. They movie was average at best. And the end sucked.
I gave the artist the benefit of the doubt, and I'm sorry, but this was not a good movie.  It had a few moments that were fun, but overall a super disappointing end to Daniel's run.  I still think he's the best Bond, but it shouldn't of wrapped up this way.  If you think about it, nothing in this movie makes sense, or is earned.  I'm sorry but Rami Malek's character somehow being a BIGGER baddie than Blofeld, and no one having a clue who he or is organization was until this movie, is some seriously bad writing.  Like Saturday cartoon villain of the week writing.  He shouldn't of even been in the movie, and the main bad guy should of been Blofeld.  Chirstoph Waltz's talent was once again wasted in this movie.  God they could of done something super special with 2 films.  But nah, let's kill off one of the greatest known Bond villains of all time(played by an amazing actor by the way), with nanobot perfume, talk about some Cody Banks shit right there.  And then replace him last minute with a throw away random baddie who for some reason just wants to kill millions of people???  Rami Malek is a fantastic actor, but holy shit was this an awful written character.    It's not just Rami's character that sucked.  They did our boi Felix wrong.  Such a strong character to this Bond verse, and he is just poof gone.  They even had the nerve to rush his goodbye, like wtf writers.  Have you not heard of the hero send off?  Such disrespect.    Spoilers ahead  Bond did not deserve to die at the end of this story.  The character has never been happy for more than a few moments in his life.  Everything good in his life has always been taken away from him.  It was the theme of pretty much every movie in this series.  How did this script not get that he should of hung up his coat at the end, and sailed into the sunset with his family.  The man deserved it.  Having him die by such a cheap shot, and again by a throw away villain, is such shit.  It's one thing if this was just a stand alone action movie, sure go ahead kill off the hero at the end to try and give your movie lasting power.  (It doesn't work btw, To many movies are doing this now, and it's lost it's charm)  But to do it in this Bond verse, makes zero sense.    Ask yourself this, What is the moral of this 5 movie arc here?  That life is always shit, and when things start to go a little your way, expect that to change and revert back?  And just when you get your life on track, expect to die?  Is that the meaning, because that's what we got here.  Just a sour way to end this journey.  Daniel Craig's Bond deserved better.  Watch the movie again, and think about the points I've mentioned above. Think about all the wasted potential, and all the things that don't make sense, or just happen so the script can carry on. I guarantee you will change your perspective on this film.  I have a strong feeling that in time, this movie will fall to 4th or 5th in the Daniel Craig Bond Verse, it's just not good.
Overall rating 6/10.  (SPOILERS)  1. Zero chemistry between Bond x Madeline, understandable given that they stand in the shadow of a juggernaut like Vesper/Eva G.  2. Rami had a certain inherently chilling quality as a villain but his ulterior motives were not fleshed out well enough and the final fight fell flat given he and Bond's relationship didn't have enough of a build up.  3. Had an overall domestic feel to it, killing the escapism. I'd always thought Bond would go out unthetered, unattached, with an indefatigable will to survive - and not just lose his will to live because he has doo doo genes that pose a threat to his domestic life.  4. I miss Vesper and James's witty repartee. 1 like = 1 prayer for CR i.e. the best Bond film ever?  5. Craig's performance was excellent toeong the line between vulnerability and suavity - I think this is the most I've heard him talk in a JB film?  6. Ana de Armas is a gem. I already see a little of Marilyn Monroe's comporment peaking through (I believe she was cast to play MM in a future film?)  7. Not to be morbid, but I'm happy that Bond died....now he can be with Vesper. Nvm. Ignore this. Pretend I ended at #6.
If Daniel Craig had played as Odd Job, he would not have died.
i did not like this movie, i could not wait for it to be over, couple of great scenes, the opening, the Ana Armas part and the forest, i was really disappointed, bond doesn't fall in love, he doesn't have kids and he doesn't die, that little girl was super cute though
No Time to Die was lousy because:  1. after first 15 minutes of amazing, it was all a walk in the park for Bond.  2. The romance was soapy n not intense 3. The villain was a sideshow n useless. 4. The existential threat never felt high stakes, the moral dilemmas were not there, the family threat was not edgy. 5. Craig was wasted in a rinse repeat of returning from retirement. He was excellent but all else was shit. 6. Cyclops the henchmen was crap, I didn't love Spectre, but it felt better than this. Batista was a menace.  7. No Time to Die could have been rewritten as a spoof. This was a predictable mess. The first 15 minutes of amazing went down the drain afterwards.  Rami Malek was the 2nd worst villain after Quantum of Solace.
I don’t think it was a good film but it was a good send off and some very great cinematography.
My List and I'm sticking with it:  1) Casino Royale - 10 2) Spectre - 9.8 3) Skyfall - 9.7 4) No Time to Die - 9.65 5) Quantum Of Solace - 6.0
Movie sucked. Reused storylines, high action with lame story, and without spoiling it...just not the ending I wanted to see. Glad it's the end of Craig. Love C.R., but the rest were the most "unfun" Bond movies ever.
I was honestly kind of disappointed with the casting of lea seydoux. Adore her but she was severely miscast for this role, you could see her doing her best but the chemistry just wasn't there
“All the time in the world” great movie! Great ending of a bond decade.
They killed James Bond. They actually killed him. They just made a big mistake. Like Gillette big.  Don't watch it. We are in war against wokeism/cultural marxists. The cinema and media is the battlefield. And your money the ammo.
Unfortunately it was dogshit
I know it's kinda obvious and understandable, but I feel like his reviews have slowly become more "industry schill" as he becomes increasingly part of the industry itself...not saying his commentary isn't good, but there's an increasing subtext that's increasingly hard to ignore
Absolute garbage movie , it felt like i was watching previous movies of 007 , nothing felt original , down to the damn island 🤣
Clearly not a fan.. Dismissed anything that should be criticized (payroll?)  Craig is not the best Bond btw, you're just saying that because he's Bond now and you've just seen the movie.
I wish they would've focused more on the international tension that the uk had with other countries. To send Bond and the new girl on a secret/stealthy mission just to have a c130 flying around the island attracting attention of other countries just felt cheap and corny. If they needed Q so bad, why not put him in a small boat somewhere off the coast.
Just bad and boring movie!
Skyfall is the best...Not only the best daniel graig bond movie but possibly the best bond movie of all time. This one was ok...not better than skyfall but way better than spectre which i felt through the last act.
One of the weakest villians in Daniel Craig Bond movies.  Evil just for the sake of it. Really dissapointed by that. The final act really let the movie down
The film wasn't bad, but the story was pretty weak. Especially for a final installment. The new 007 plot went nowhere and the main plot was held down by a weak villain with no real motivation.
I enjoyed the movie a lot. Thank you Daniel Craig, we miss you.
What's the moral of the story, think about it:  New 007 that is a black woman. A brief comment from one of the scientists that he can save the west Africans. James Bond (super white male) has to sacrifice himself to prevent the bio weapon from getting loose.  White mother and daughter is left in the hands of the whatever group of people you can imagine.  This movie is anti father and anti white male. Hollywood loves satanic crap.
I made it one minute, I hope you get some revenue from that.
second best movie of Daniel era, Casino is still my fav but this was so much good, as good as Skyfall but just a bit better for DC's last appearance a perfect sendoff, loved every bit of it except when 007 ver 2 says "You know what time it is?... its time to die" lol that was bad :D
movie sucked
It's rare that I love a movie from beginning, middle and end. I watched this 5 times in the cinema.
This is not a damn good movie. This is as far from a good Bond film as you can get. Awkward is the best way to describe this. The four or five screenwriters attached to this turkey shows.
Why do you always pronounce "Craig" like "Creg"?
man watch your weight
The moment Safin revealed what was in his hand during the final fight... I KNEW EXACTLY WHAT IT MEANT! 😭
imma be honest you blinded by nostalgia that shit was mid af
Yeah, never again Im setting a foot in a cinema again. Havnt missed it at all..
It is good. 8/10 solid movie and entertaining. Lots of tension and pacing. Casino Royale still my favorite but this is my 2nd favorite.   Loved the female CIA agent. Great action scenes and acting.  Feel like Safin had many chances to outsmart Bond. Same with Blotfeld. Both had so many chances for revenge. The only thing Bond has over them is he does not gloat. Also Bond never seems to get hit by a million bullets in this film.   Le Chifre is the only villain who can kill Bond without becoming a drama queen about it.
Bond : Craig>brosnan>Sean connery
Never thought a 007 movie would make me chop onions.
Anyone else notice the Phi and Psi symbols Q used for tracking his Bonds?
A truly awful Bond movie. More than that, I found it a truly awful movie, in general.
I agree about PC and social commentary, lecturing the audience, etc. A movie like Captain Marvel was extremely obnoxious about it. No Time to Die on the other hand, had absolutely no issues in that regard. The other 00 agent was great, Ana de Armas was great, it shows that you can have strong female characters without insulting men or lecturing the audience, just let the characters speak for themselves, and they were great.
Ana de Armas KICKED ASS. She needs to be in everything.
I just saw it.... this was ABSOLUTELY terrible. It felt like a parody, like an SNL skit. What a stain on this franchise.
1) Casino Royale  2) No time to die ( very very well done) 3) Skyfall.
This the worst Craig bond film! It’s between quantum of solace or no time to die
I dont like the chemistry of seydoux and craig. Craig is too old for her. They tried the casino royale formula but failed.
I'm not upset they had a black woman as the new 007, the actress did fine, but it was obvious why they did it, and it felt completely unnecessary, she didn't serve any purpose in the plot.
Good conclusion to Craig's Bond. Flawd and uneven, but I was entertained all throughout, despite the, I think, unnecessary long runtime. The villain is the weakest link, for sure. But again, solid conclusion to this era of Bond. I actually got emotional at the end, for how many Bond movies can you say that?
Lashana Lynch didn't hurt the movie, but i wouldn't call her a "great character"... take her character completely out of the movie and it changes absolutely nothing. Her character added absolutely nothing to the story or the grand scheme of the movie, in fact she was barely even in it. They used her to create buzz and attention in the media "oh no! a black female 007!!!"... Such a stupid way to attention grab and get people talking...
Will miss him a lot as 007 ..he is simply the best Bond ever... All the best for the future  Daniel Craig... ❤💙
The movie is good but it was not that good,,,,
This review is full of shit, the character of Paloma is a major mary sue, villain is retarded, and so much nonsensical violence happens like Safin getting up after being shot multiple times or Bond not even being scratched when he's standing RIGHT next to explosions. I know Bond movies have a way of being over the top but this is shit is less realistic than a video game, and worse writing as well
I love how they came back to a more "traditional" villain, one that instead of sitting at a table it's actually someone cold, and a menace that affects not only the world but Bond too.
This guy's reviews have goten worse
I just watched the movie and made a point about going into it completely in the dark as to not get swayed in any direction by any media and I must say my radar did go off. I did feel like they were trying to shove a certain message or better said a couple of messages down my throat. Don't get me wrong, I agree with those messages, I just don't need them in a Bond movie just for the sake of them being there.
The problem is that the ending was good for a single character in a movie series. Not a continuous 70 year franchise that'll probably make more Bond films.  The movie felt long...very long.
Thanks 4 a great review. The whole thing makes me a bit, teary-eyed
I can't understand  a word of the bad guy horrible character
I saw this movie only because i loved Casino Royal. 3,4,5 are the same children level are movie that I won’t rewatch. Daniel Craig as 007 kept me watching this movie till the end
Honestly out of all the Craig films it’s the weakest in stunts and overall action sequences. A lot of gun play and some car chase, it really missed the top shelf action stunts from the other films. The forest was great but too short. The opening sequence is basically the trailer. The villain was bore. Fun movie but for me tied with QoS on the low end. And happen with the Bond theme score? If it was used at all it was very subtle.
Honestly I thought the movie was okay, but it did feel weird in how it felt like they were trying to really knock down bond and then compare him to the new chick, making her look so much more amazing instead of on par with him. Other then that though I thought it was aight
Id rather help guide my dad into my sister than have to watch this movie again.
I agree. Seeing this movie in theaters felt like I was once again enjoying cinema how it was meant to be. Saw this and Dune in the same day. What a ride!!!!
"People are weird"...haha, very well put! :)
Personally, I don't agree that it's the best final James Bond film that "broke the curse of final Bond films sucking". Timothy Dalton already did it in "License to Kill". YES. It has flaws: the way the Hong Kong assassins were portrayed is rather poor and the way they are called "Orientals" doesn't hold up, and the way in the end Felix is all happy and jolly and OK is too jarring after what happened to him and the big intense climax.  HOWEVER, that's where it ends. For the rest, I found "No Time To Die" to have way more issues and WTF moments than "License to Kill" (spoilers ahead):  -The whole thing about Blofeld setting up the trap at Vesper's grave. How the fuck does that work? It's such an asspull when you stop and really think about it. For a series that takes itself more seriously, it's sure pretty laughably unrealistic. -The movie is too long, it's not awful, but it really overstays its welcome and should have trimmed down in places. -None of the female heroines hold a candle to Pam Bouvier, who is still to this day the best Bond girl ever. As feminine and vulnerable as she's super capable of kicking anyone's ass, and I actually want her to stay with Bond instead of tolerating her. -The villains kinda suck. Their plans are flimsy, super generic (oh my, you want revenge? AGAIN???) but even on a writing sense they're cluttered (OK, I get you want to destroy SPECTRE for what they did to you, but why kill millions? He never explains himself), and they don't hold a candle to LTK's villains who sure, are drug dealers, but do it in a unique and creative way, and how Sanchez is an extremely charismatic leader but also a scary boss who takes faithfulness very seriously and Bond smartly uses this against his allies. They have a more lean and well written evil scheme that is nicely wrapped up by the end without leaving headscratchers of feeling undercooked. And even as performances they don't hold a candle to Sanchez and his creepy but awesome henchman Dario. And the way they get taken care of, especially Blofeld and Safin, is such a soft fart of a sendoff. Far cry from Dario getting fuckin' thrown in a grinder turning the cocaine dust red, or Sanchez being burned alive and blown up. Why are films these days SO afraid of being creative and memorable?  Yes, it's a better final Bond film that what Moore, Connery and Brosnan did. But much like how people forget that Timothy Dalton was the original darker and edgier Bond, they also seem to forget that he also had the original GOOD final film. And if Dalton was still Bond in "GoldenEye" (with Pam still being the Bond girl), that too would've been a very nice way to wrap things up before passing the torch to Brosnan.
Amazing review! Agree 100% with you (although to me "Spectre" was a tiny bit better). And about all this woke-speculations people had before the movie came out, luckily nothing was there, it was an incredibly well made movie. Even my mum things its the best so far.
No Time to Die felt more like a Mission Impossible Movie than a proper Bond movie for just two simple reasons. 1. Bond had an entire team backing him up in the final battle and 2. The dialogue very American with lots of rhetorical one liners that Bond never says like when he got on the plane and expressed confusion as though he never flew one before, and banter that you find in Marvel films with the “00 what?” bit being a notable example. Another was in the opening itself, the DB5’s default machine guns were unnecessarily replaced with mini guns in order to make the action more chaotic. That last bit is nit picky but I felt there is a fine line between British-directed and American-directed action sequences. Finally, the numerous references were, numerous, felt like I was watching Rogue One with a lot of fan bait to justify a very non-Bond outing.
I don't get it why people actually thought it was a good movie.  I had a good time watching it because it was slapstick. It was so bad and cheesy/corny sometimes it reminded me of Johnny Englisch which is a parodie of the James Bond Fransise...
You could remove Rami Malek's character entirely and it would have very little impact on the story
Im just so disappointed they gave a fantastic actor like Rami Malek so little to work with
We know why you were so affected, we all do. And it’s like THE BIGGEST SPOILER OF ALL TIME, A SPOILERY SPOILER, SUCH A SPOILER THAT IT WOULD TAKE YEARS OF THERAPY TO GET OVER!!!                   No Time to Die, was actually No Time to Die for someone but I kind of think the whole title is a reference to how Bond’s wife died in the movie On Her Majesty’s Secret Service, because for her it was No Time to Die… But for Bond, it was Time to Die, it hurt like hell, but he had been going for decades and in some ways he was basically Old Man Bond in this he looked like he had aged considerably even though it was like 4 years since Spectre when this was complete. Look, I love Bond, Daniel Craig especially, almost specifically and yeah, this broke me. But, I actually called it. I called the ending I even referenced that someone would probably end up saying “His Name Was Bond, James Bond” I even called the probability they would be basing this partly on “On Her Majesty’s Secret Service”  I called Louis Armstrong’s “We Have All the Time In The World” credits song I even called Q’s reaction to Bond’s death and how he broke down he was a mess I was a mess I called most of the ending, and I called how Bond would probably be killed by Safin but I had originally assumed it would be Q saying “His Name Was Bond, James Bond” it’s almost as if the writers took my advice and ended it on at worst uncertainty and at best the confirmation that James Bond was just a code name. I got the best case scenario in this, but I still broke harder than glass hit by a Boulder. Also I originally said that he would probably die close to an Mi6 owned location, that’s THE ONE THING I got wrong, I wrote on here and on other sites, that if they need to do this they should… And I still broke more than a blind man at a casino.
Chris, you sound like SUCH a shill. Reviewers correctly pointing out that a woman 007 is correctly bullshit and a clear abhorrence to Ian flemming's work.....and you are surprised that people don't respond well. My suggestion to you and other shill reviewers and flim writers: instead of co-opting and or gender flipping existing film cannon, make your own shit and let it be judged on its own merit.  This film was garbage.
so is Bond replaced with a black woman?
I don't understand how they found him in Norway tho
Amazing movie..  Daniel Craig is the BEST Bond ever. There is no one even close. I will miss him.
No rating at the end?? 👀
Ehh not a fan of this bond movie I mean daniel craig gets HIV from Rami Malek and then blows himself up with a cruiser missile wtf kind of ending is that!
Agree about the foggy forest scene, it was awesome.
All the Daniel Craig Bond films are forgettable. I don't remember remember a single one and I like Daniel Craig. 🤔
Action is good!  But totally hogwash to portray Bond as this loving husband and father...and then not to be able to escape and dead at the end. Has woke or cancel culture gotten to the franchise? The end of Bond is assured then if so.
I really loved this movie a lot. I held back tears towards the end knowing it’s the last Craig installment.   Regarding the intro: I wasn’t impressed only because Eilish isn’t my style. I love the GRAND dramatic vocals of Skyfall, and the hushed whisper singing just doesn’t really do it for me. It sounded… too quiet and like she doesn’t want to annunciate her words. I KNOW she has an amazing voice, just how she use it isn’t for me. If you enjoyed her performance, then good for you! I got some reason felt like I needed to explain myself as being lumped into the “Eilish hater” category isn’t very nice. I didn’t hate it, it just wasn’t for me, musically. The graphics this time around were top notch!
Mulan was excellent.
Why did he stop to rate the movies?
the girl 007 was just annoying for some reason in the entire film. anyone else feel that way? everytime she entered the screen i knew they were gonna argue or she was just gonna be butthurt at James Bond for something. She was more likeable before we knew who she was.
Great review. I must say, as a long time Metroid fan, great shirt too
I didn't like it 👎
Casino Royale was the only good bond film from Daniel.. I have to be the one to say it. And the only reason I enjoyed Casino, was Eva Green. Eye candy was it for me.. Daniel Craig's James bond might be more grounded in real life, but that's boring 😴 let's keep it real here, James bond movies have always been over the top spy, gadgets & hot women. Not this let's be serious crap. We want razzle dazzle, martinis, bikinis, cars with machine guns & sharks with fricken' laser beams attached on their heads. Thank you Mr. Craig, so long, goodbye, please don't come back..
Hate to say it, as a Bond fan, but it was boring as hell. Couldn’t wait for it to end. Not enough action, a crappy villain, (where does he get the money to do all his s**t. Didn’t,t care about any of the characters. I think it so long to release the movie was they knew the story was weak!
Malek sucks as a villain and his plot is totally pointless. Other then this, nice movie.
Skyfall is still by far the best Craig film and still by far the best Bond film
This was the first film I saw since covid and this was so disappointing. Is it better than Spectre and Quantum of Solace? Yes, but  it's just so mediocre. Doesn't even feel like a Bond film, this felt like it was trying to be so much like Logan "passing on the legacy and all that" but this was just so mediocre. Rami Malek had no presence AT ALL, he was just there.  People are praising Hans because he's Hans but the score on this one wasn't THAT good either.
I don't get the love.  It's a terrible movie. I did like the scenes in Cuba.  And not much else.
ROBERT PATTINSON  ...... ROBERT PATTINSON..... ROBERT PATTINSON...... 😁😁😁😁😁😉😉😉😉
Pierce Brosnan is sometimes my favorite Bond because of Goldeneye. I grew up watching him as Bond but looking back Goldeneye was top notch and I think World Is Not Enough was solid... the other 2 were a miss.    Daniel Craig on the other hand... Casino Royale and Skyfall were top tier...  I need to watch Specter again but I remember it being good just not as good as Skyfall.  Quantum Of Solace we don't need to talk about... and I have still yet to see this movie.  It looks like Daniel Craig probably had the best run as Bond.  (but I can see why some people would say Connery)
WRONG!  It's just another woke movie that I have No Time To See.  Bond has been killed off.  My prediction:  the next 007 will be a black lesbian.
Guys just relax, remember that Chris is the same guy that said that the abomination that ghostbusters 2016 was better than Ghostbusters 2. I mean if there ever was a good critic turned shill It's super liberal Chris.
Bond i grew up with was piers brosnan. Goldeneye
25 min too long ending was perfect
Hope that we will get back to seeing movie reviews that don't have to spend most of the time addressing the outrage or join some debate and just review the movie as if that's what was the only thing that existed.
How about Adrian Paul as the next agent 007?
6:50 there was one part for me where something did feel very forced to me. SPOILER WARNING  When they go to the island they're specifically told by M to kill both Safin and Obruchev. When they find Obruchev they keep him alive for some reason, only for him to out of nowhere start making racist remarks against Leshana Lynch, giving her a reason to kill him (in a much more horrible way than just outright shoot him I might add). The racism came out of nowhere and felt like just a forced reason for the minority character to get some payback.
Great review!
Far cry from high level reviews given by Gene Shalit in the older days!   Ummm...bad grammar several times ( ugh), so many F words and shits ( 🙄) ... folk can't seem to speak American English with adjectives  other than F'ing etc. GROSS ! 🙄
I think this is a pass for me.
I hated it. The opening was amazing, afterwards the plot became a bit of a mess. But the point where I got really upset was when they killed Bond. It was not the end of a character arc but just cheap shock value and going against the very character of Bond. It 's a disappointment on the level of Indiana Jones and the crystal skull or Game of Thrones final season. Shame, Shame, Shame!
Sucked thanks Chris
People don't like Phoebe Waller-Bridge because she's insufferable and a bad writer, not because she's a woman. Her role in Solo alone should be career ending, the fact she's a woman helps her immensely.
not my bond, woke = shit
the worst of the movie was the new 007 Lashana Lynch, just terrible...
no, time to die
I think the main problem people have is with the casual passing on of the 007 monicker. If you read Fleming’s original books, 00 numbers can’t just be inherited or passed around like baseball cards. They’re a rare set of agents who distinguish themselves in an assignment by killing someone in cold blood to complete it. They basically have to show that they’re willing to do the dirty work of the government in order to be selected as international men of mystery. You can’t just inherit a 00 number.
i dont get how people liked this movie so much
I give it 6 out of 10. 007 movies  need a refresh for sure
LOL this movie is blasphemy... You can't have a woman as 007, keep politics out of our entertainment!!! Tired of it and won't support movies with garbage "wokeness".... 👎 Daniel Craig was probably the worst bond of all time
Very much on the same boat. Loved the movie, loved watching it in the theater. Really appreciate Craig's Bond, I also think he is the best. I also ranked his movies in the same order you did (with a big gap in quality between this one and Quantum)
I know i will come across like a total prick saying this and i want to make it crystal-clear that i am a longstanding fan of your work and will continue to be one BUT you didnt get the character nor the franchise James Bond. Nothing to say against progressing a role but this movie (in fact the entire Craig-era even though to a lesser degree) decunstructs the foundation to the point that i think it might be impossible to save the franchise.  Easily the worst Bondmovie of the series. As a nonbondmovie its a decend film, though.
I really wanted to love this movie but the plot didn’t make sense to me at times. I also think the ending could have been so much better, and you could tell the making of this movie was rushed, but it got the job done, as a send off, i guess.
👎
Thank you for such a poigniant review :)
Nope. You can't kill James Bond. This movie sucks.
Best bond of all time?! Sheeesh
I think Ramy Malik was the biggest disappointment in the movie. His whole character motivation and intentions were total nonsense, which was a shame given that the character background was actually pretty interesting. But apart from that it was a really great movie. Tons of satisfying action, lots of smart humour, looked gorgeous, was much more ensemble cast feeling than a typical Bond movie which was nice to see and it never lagged or had pacing problems. I really enjoyed it.
CRITICAL DRINKER FOREVER
Just returned from the local theatre. Loved the movie as a whole, and it's really the most heartfelt Bond to date. But to me the weight distribution between baddies, and the final act, felt kind of lacking. Plot solution: 'tech-eh-nology'?
I thought the f word in the movie was unnecessary
I dont watch movie reviews nor am I a movie buff but I searched youtube after crying my eyes out after watching NTTD and needed confirmation of my thoughts. Thank you for such a nice review and send off for Daniel Craig and best wishes for the franchise moving forward. It was awesome being in the theater again and reliving life again pre-pandemic since the movie was filmed before all that happened in 2020. I was 18 when Casino Royale came out and had watched previous movies with my father, so seeing all the easter eggs of Daniel's other films was amazing and was reminiscent of how life has changed since I'm 33 now. I wonder what my dad's reaction would have been. Waterworks really started when for a second before I believe the gun scene up the staircase he took a handgun out to shoot down the barrel hallway towards the camera. The forest scene was amazing. I was transformed to a bond version of what would've been something like star wars- the force awakens snow scene. The landscape is sooo powerful. I always giggle at the goons on dirt bikes.. they're always around!! Yes, they did a great job on explaining that 007 will move on and 007 can move from person to person. It doesn't end with him. I did like the ending because it wasnt the villian that kill him, but instead he sacrificed himself for his country, which was also his duty. Also, lets be honest... I couldn't live with myself if he settled to spend the rest of his life as a dad... consider me selfish.. ok.. well those are my main points. I might just have to go see it again on the big screen.
Action scenes were great as usual but as for the rest... the plot.. questionable casting... the directing... the insertion of unnecessary wokeness...all the negative reviews I have seen so far have been mostly justified. I think I think writers missed the point of a Bond film... This will be the only Bond film I will never watch again.
I thought it was hilarious when bond kept thinking he was gonna smash every woman and then real shit went down 😂
Ana de armas was a campy mess in this movie. She was the low point in the movie.
Movie is huge disappointment.  Zero points...confusion and confusion... Milion why....
Why is stuckman so fat and leftist nowadays? I understand he left one sect for another  - being a mass leftist woke jester.
No time to review
does he not do ratings any more?
NO TIME TO DIE  is  A
That bald scientist guy was surprisingly funny 😂
I enjoyed the film, but the ending was the wrong way to go in my opinion. Oh well, Amazon owns the franchise now. So a lot of things are going to go the wrong direction for this franchise.
OK, finnally got to the cinema and saw it, it is a really great film, but i feel its a better film than it is a BOND film as it deviates from accepted traditions, to be honest the thing that most annoys me is that after all the fuss over having a female/black 007 it was a completely needless in the story you could have written her out and replaced her with 'generic assistant no57' and it would have hardly made a difference to the plot, yes its mentioned but it doesnt drive any event or action other than a few quips, and worse even though she has legitimate reason to be pissed at bond the second time they meet they already blew any chance of us caring by making her so arrogant and dislikeable, had she been more pleasant we would have been sympathetic to her when she got angry at him giving us a reason for her to be front and central, but instead we just dont care, definately a conflict wasted   ALSO SPOILERS  when the bombs dropped bond should have looked up to see the arieal burst then it should have cut to the view looking at the island with her looking at it radio in hand (maybe a crackle of static) it was too much to see the first explosions
Couldnt wait this movie to end. Waaaay too long. Beautiful cinematography but thats about it...shitty villain
Good video chris  I'd actually flip spectra and quantum of solace as far as rating the Craig films. Spectra for me is very bland and was to bored to often with that movie... none of his bond movies are bad, but that one just feels really weak.
Bunch of old guys mad at Bond changing over decades is funny as fuck. Things change guys get over it. This film was good not great but good. Casino Royale and Sky Fall are the best but Out of Solace/Spectre, No Time to Die is good. If the new 007 was a white man there would be less crying from incel white dudes and old guys period.
Next movie will be black Bond...any takers?
Ana De Armas character should have been given more screen time than the female 007.
Like you said hats off to the cinematographer but overall I felt like the writing was lazy and uneventive.
Once i had respect. Now......Pity.
Chris is a W... P....
This was the first movie I saw in theatres since the pandemic hit. The last one I saw before this was Knives Out in January 2020; another Daniel Craig movie!
Thanks to this review, I and my mom, as James Bond fans, just went to see this movie in the cinema on Wednesday 28th. and it was one of the best decisions we made this month. really love it (^_^)
i almost cried several times bro
If you don't like wah-maaan,that means you don't like stuck-maaan,typical pandering.
Worst James bond, way too emotional and nothing like a real spy, and this was the worst film as you never kill off the James bond, you just give a new agent the alias. You do not get James bond at all. They ruined it the moment they gave his parents the surname bond. James bond was always an alias.
Good review but i feel like this was more like a personal opinion review due to your love for james bond movies! This movies plot was very sticky, so many characters and not enough development. The actors were all great but i just had so many questions while watching. I enjoyed every minute of it, but why didnt they send a helicopter to rescue james bond! Why kill him off! Terrible ending to a legend.
Can you make a Metroid dread review?
What a hollow review. You speak more about each character than the huge problem with the plot holes throughout the movie. Also, you should cut out all of the expletive adjectives and get a decent vocabulary. I do agree with you though: Casino Royale is the very best Bond Movie.
I thought Chris called out the critical drinker in this video?
This seems to be going around in the comments section but I didn’t expect to be so emotionally moved by a James Bond film. There are two reasons for this, like a lot of people here, I grew up with James Bond around me. In fact, when I asked my mom if she still liked James Bond, she said “oh yeah! I’ve seen them all! Even the old ones“ and it was one of those franchises that we could enjoy together even during periods of my wife when we didn’t really get along. It was one of the few things that sort of made things OK for a little while. And that made it possible for things to be OK between us on a more permanent basis. But aside from that, it was also one of the things that my grandfather enjoyed before he passed away.  He was someone who was unfortunate enough to be a child when the Japanese occupied the Philippines during World War II, he then enlisted in the US military and served in both Vietnam and Korea. And it was these reasons that James Bond hit me so hard, when it came to Daniel Craig‘s concluding film.   Because, as I watched all of these movies as they came out, his James Bond was one that you could see all of the way of his past missions draped on him, and as I watched the final chapter of his life as James Bond, I thought about my grandfather and everything he gave up over the course of his life. This was quite literally for me, the perfect sendoff and it brought me to a place I really needed to be. And not that I think Daniel Craig is ever going to see the comment section of this video, but in the off chance that it does happen, I just wanted to say thank you. And thank you Chris for making so many fucking amazing videos.  I’m sorry for rambling but I also wanted to add man, that since I quit being a religious person years ago, that theatrical experience is quite honestly the closest thing to a religious experience that I have these days, and that’s usually where is find my Sundays. I’m one of those kids who grew up watching Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel argue about movies, I wanted to be a film critic when I grew up. I never quite got there, my wife lead me on a lot of detours. But I just wanted to say it’s freaking amazing that you exist and that you’re putting out this content, and that you’re making movies! And it really means a lot to me, so thank you again
I left the theater very sad and defeated. Daniel Craig will always be my favorite bond, and he definitely left a great legacy. The first film came out when I was 13  and I’m currently 28, so I feel like a chapter in my youth has been shut. Thank you Daniel❤️
Those fight sequences on stairs are becoming quite customary from action movies.
Hey Chris I haven't listened in a minute... I just saw this movie, like, a minute ago. You nailed this review. The zeitgeist, the way this movie tells its story is fun and flawed. Loved watching this movie. Tension is the biggest lack of this film... that's why casino royale rules... tension. Mads Mickelson feels so much stress in that final act.
Great review Stuckman .
Ben Shapiro's review was better, felt more honest and grounded
Casino Royal was fantastic. No time to kill was a mess, and crap.
Comedy
No time to die is not a James Bond movie to me, it just a movie nothing else. The movie is just boring and too long. People saying the ending is amazing it’s not he dead he can’t dead. I loved the old James Bond movies. this movie not good.
I must confess i didnt like QoS, Skyfall and Spectre and i thought it was gonna be a dissapointment again but i really like No time to die, this and Casino Royale are the best from Daniel Craig in my opinion.
For me it felt so surreal seeing a movie in theaters especially with my family in 2021.   I never thought I’d ever see the inside of a actual movie theater again. Literally the last movie I saw was Sonic the Hedgehog back in Feb of 2020 before the pandemic took over.   My whole life seems surreal.
glad you liked it, i liked it a lot :) daniel craig is awesome.
Where can I find that Metroid shirt
Daniel Craig is the Christian Bale of the Bond Franchise. His Bond films are The Dark Knight Trilogy of the franchise. Craig made Bond, dark, gritty and a believable character again. He brought the franchise back to it's roots. Just like Christian Bale and Christopher Nolan did with the Batman character. Casino Royale is the Bond version of Batman Begins. It gave fresh new life to the Bond Franchise, and brought it back from the goofiness and the over the top galore of Die Another Day. Just like Batman Begins did it after the backlash with Batman & Robin. Craig made the Bond films, dark, believable and realistic again. Also you could say that No Time to Die is the Bond version of The Dark Knight Rises. As Bond sacrifices himself to save the world just like Batman did it in The Dark Knight Rises. Both the Bond and Batman films have had a similar evolution in tone and depiction. By initially starting off as dark and gritty, then becoming camp and over the top. Then becoming dark, grounded, realistic and serious in tone again.
I really like this movie. Though didn’t know why bad guy wanted to eliminate human population
not a Word said about Gary Fukunaga
I don't think you're being aware of what this movie is trying to shove down your throat @cris Stuckman.  The narrative that a man's completion as a true and valuable man is only possible with if he sacrifices for the women and the children. No fucking surprise a woman wrote this. Think about why Titanic makes women wet, is their ultimate fantasy: all the men dying for them.  Woke up and take the red pill men
This movie could have been so much better if it had a decent plot.
I was truly astonished by how utterly boring this film was.
I watched the movie, as I am of the "give it a shot, watch it" type of person. I enjoyed it. It's 7/10 (7.5 if it weren't for the stupid as fuck weapon the villain controls) for me and same ranking as yours in regards to other Daniel Craig Bond movies.  I did, however, notice what you called the "shove it down my throat" messages and I did not like the way they did it just because Lashana's character can be boiled down to the "007" moniker. She felt like she had no other character traits, she's just there to connect the script to the "007" moniker. All her lines are about that. The character EXISTS for the moniker. I don't know how else to say this, she was so underwritten that she felt out of place and that stuck out like a sore thumb.
Haven’t seen this yet but will be. I too was struck by the heaviness of this being the last Daniel Craig Bond movie. Have watched Bond my whole life but something about the last 15 years with Craig have resulted in some really damn good cinema. Thanks Chris  “Foggy forest with ppl getting crushed by vehicles and all this carnage………it was effing beautiful”.  Yeah Chris- you get it brother.
You guys aren’t bother by the fact that he got shot by a whole boat loaded of trained soldiers and nobody can hit him. And then conveniently, he got shot by the main villain easily. I threw my hands up when I saw that.
It was predictable but good in my opinion.
I love that amazing shirt you got there! Did you play the game?
Great shirt!
Edit and re-shoot helped this movie a lot! You can literally say it saved the final film of Daniel Craig.
Quantum is underrated asf. Honestly. Spectre is the only bad Craig Bond film
You need some sun homie
Jesus, casino royal came out in 2006!
I really enjoy your reviews but do you think you can comment on them without having to swear?
I have only seen the Daniel Craig Bond films. I wasn't as big on this one as the others. I didn't understand the plot or the villain's plan. Also, the villain wasn't convincing to me. I think it was an ok movie.
And you just lost all your credibility as an honest film reviewer.
Lashana the grinch stole 007...
Boring story , not a Bond film , love movie, 💩💩💩💩
They spoke of wiping out a specific race....this movie is really...actual🤔...NOTHING  SILLY THERE...YOU JUST IGNORANT BRO
100% best bond, but agree. The villian, served the purpose, but its not le chiffre, he wasn't scary like the Skyfall's village. But best best actor ending bond films. I agree with you bond film ranking.
NO TIME TO DIE IS A U.S/U.K MOVIE NAME SETUP....DO WE KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE DOC HOLLYWOODISM - J, MOVIE AND THE AMERICAN DREAM ⁉️
Honestly I didn’t really like it.
i'd LOVE to go back to theatres.  Seeing movies on the giant screen with all the audio experience etc, has been one of my favorite things in life. Truth is, i simply cannot do it as long as this mask and distancing stuff is in place. Tell me when the craziness is over and i'll go back to a movie theatre.
For the definitive review of this uneven movie I refer you to The Critical Drinker.
This isn’t really a review, it’s more a meandering ramble about Bond movies n general. Perhaps the second half is more focussed but I stopped watching at that point.
final james bond film ! im all for having a strong diverse new 00 , just dont see why they cant add it to the universe rather than always having to kill and replace, why couldnt we have both , why does one group have to loose to make room for another?
Blah blah blah blah shut the hell up and just review the film dude..... It doesn't all have to be about you Chris
Man i wanna watch this movie so much for that 007 scene alone from the way you talked about it. waiting, patiently. i worked on the movie in vfx, and its been almost half a year from that. so delayed.
I honestly never felt the long run-time of "No Time To Die". It came off as a consistently entertaining film.
I found the movie terribly boring and long! The best action sequences are the first 20 minutes of the movie. I honestly didn’t know what happened to the rest of it.
you say what they want you to say. good job.
What was the bad guys motivation?
So it wasn't woke? It was the definition of woke. They literally replace the white man with a black woman and straight characters came out as gay. The masculine man is lead around by a frumpy mommy character. Everything's woke.
No Time to Die is a great movie. Daniel Craig's best Bond movie since Casino Royale.
I got a bit teary eyed when he said thank you dani craig for the films because im 18 so for as long as i can remember, hes been 007, and i feel like ive actually lost a fragment of myself after watching this film. I will ofcourse continue to watch these throughout the yearsvif my life and probably cry harder each time i watch this film in particular, but ill keep my head held high knowing inwas the last soul out of that cinema after the credits rolled. 😂
Daniel Craig is my favorite “James Bond” followed by Sean Connery. I did enjoy the movie and in my opinion was done very well. I’m sad that Bond, Daniel Craig, died in the end. Honestly I didn’t like it that he dies. That said I’m wondering if the little girl who happened to be Bond’s child will carry on. Just wondering.
Fucking phenomenal
I cried 😭😭
Didn't he say he stops doing reviews?
I loved everything about this movie,…except the fact they gave her the name 007. I’ve always felt that the important part of the code name for the operative was having earned the “00” status/classification and they just tacked on his/her agent # onto it. They should’ve named her 008 or 009 or 00?.
Ending an otherwise stellar line up of Daniel Craig's 007 with a whimper. . . Yikes of a film, not much to it at all. Its length is a disservice to this otherwise blend and lackluster story - note: the story is the issue here. The cinematography, as you could expect, was simply beautiful and often stunning. The core of the story though, what a lame, blend, anemic story. The villain, not the actor mind you, is so poorly developed I couldn't help but feel like his backstory justifies nothing about his actions.
Just watch the 1st scene and the last 15 mins. Everything in between is a shit show
all of those movie  reviewers agreed that Anna de Armas performance  was phenomenal.
Horrible review!
Cinematography is chef's kiss.
The film had tough job to do as well for Cary to tied all the film's together
Is it widely accepted that Skyfall is good? I thought it was nowhere near Casino Royale territory
Bullshit. They have been putting the angry feminist agenda in every male character driven movie lately. By killing off every male character and shoving women characters down our throats like we are forced to like this. What’s next? A female Predator that kills only men in New York?
I'm passing because it has a Billie Eilish song in it
I watch reviews to see if I'm going to watch the movie so I don't waste my money. Why do you make reviews?
Yes, I watched it in the theater, didnt like the movie though, dozed off a few times...
This is a film for dumb people not interested in any kind of storyline, and only want to see and not think! The entertainment industry is dumbing everything down in favour of stupidity, selfishness and sexual perverts!
Went last night to see this, it's ridiculously long, nearly 3 hours! The action is brilliant but the storyline is bogus as hell, didn't make sense, the chopping and changing into multiple stories are bizarre! Not that good, if I'm honest!
I just hope it's standalone and would rather not have a franchise finale be held ransom by a movie as bad as Spectre. I just want to watch Casino, Skyfall and jump into this. Please no extra baggage.
I would rank it exactly at the same place in the Craig Bonds - straight in the middle. However, and this is totally not about the movie, but still: there were nine dead pixels in the screen at the cinema where I saw the movie, and those little blue dots were constantly annoying the living hell outta me. Seriously: I have no problem with digital projection, but if I pay for a big-screen experience, I don't want this kind of amateurish, irritating nonsense. That, I can truthfully say, I have not missed at all.
James Bond is a machismo fantasy: a superspy who wins every fight, uses sci-fi toys, and always has an impossibly beautiful woman clinging to his arm. However, for the first time, a James Bond film felt balanced -- not sexist, misogynistic, or suffering from  testosterone overload. James Bond felt like a man, not a two-dimensional archetype.
Chris do yourself a favor, please. If you don´t  known the reason don´t guess, you could not be more wrong.  By the way, your filmmaker bias didn´t let you see that  the end of the movie is very on the noise.
Just being able to go to the movies again feels like a divine gift.
It's a theater Chris not an "effing" theater and some of the other words that you used.  Knock off the profanity here on YouTube, thank you. A liitle professionalism thank you.
It wasn’t a movie for men. It was made by women for women. It’s not Bond anymore. This was the worst Bond movie to date, so bad in fact I fell asleep in the middle. Sad really
Saying that Craig is your favorite Bond of all time is great! Many people have this knee-jerk reaction to cite any of the "classic" Bonds as their favorite. Not to say that Connery and Moore aren't great of course! They are. But Craig really brought a lot to the character and the franchise.  All that said, I liked this movie a lot for the first half. After that, I got really tired of it. None of that last act in Safin's island layer made sense to me. I even had to laugh out loud about some of the contrivances. There were many good ideas and bold choices! I liked that! Especially the opening and having another 007 on board! But the movie once again (like so many of Craig's outings) suffered from an undercooked script. I didn't get Safin as a villain. Christoph Waltz and his connection to Safin didn't make sense either.  On a podcast I listened to yesterday, the hosts summed it up quite well: "No Time to Die" is a perfect way to wrap up Craig's run, because it shows both the best side of Craig's era, but also the worst.
No score?
I'm a little confused. Was the main villain an eco terrorist?
Not good but not bad 6/10
Here is a plot for the new Bond that would work. The movie starts with a trial for the new 00's agent. There is only a place for one. The audience at first does not know it is a trial and all the agents have a mask. Two agents completes the course at the same time a man and a woman. The woman is selected and the male still in his masks says 'it figures.' The credits start. Two years later in a plot all 00 agents are killed and MI6 go to search for the one male agent who was not selected. He lives in a yacht on an island and works as a treasure hunter and part-time playboy. He refuses to join the MI6 because of all the political correctness. The MI6 agents leave distraught, but the terrorists have followed them and think Bond has accepted to become the new 00 agent. They try to kill him and he kills them off. Thinking it was the doing of the MI6 Bond alone decides to enter the MI6 headquarters to talk to M. Here he kidnaps Q and enters M's office only to find Ms. Moneypenny and she is so beautiful he decides to join the 00 agents , but only on his terms. M has no other choice, but to accept even tough he is a die hard liberal whose term of office was based on his restucturing MI6 to fit the modern world. So Bond is the only male 'dinosaur' as seen by his collegues allowed to act like old as he is needed to find out who killed the 00 agents and to save the day. The rest of the movie would be like James Bond of old with lots of beautiful women none of which he falls in love, no family or reference to it, good food, great locations, great fight scenes and car chases. He saves the day by killing the villian and gets the girl. THE END.
You're being disingenuous. The reason people had real concerns about the narrative of this movie is because they advertised and promoted it as such OF THEIR OWN DOING. It's clear that either they did this as an attempt to nod to the leftist social media nutjobs to keep them off their back OR they actually did intend for it to be part of the film but underestimated all the backlash it received and redid parts of the movie. The action was good. The biggest issue with this movie is the underwhelming villian and poor plot/narrative.
Couldn't agree more with regards to it being a great movie, the ranking on the list of Daniel Craig Bond movies, and Daniel Craig as my favorite Bond. Perfectly summed up my feelings on everything, and I am excited to binge all of Daniel Craig's Bond movies to get the entire journey from start to finish one of these days.
Last year, I created a Bond project for my 9th grade students here in Norway. They read about Ian Fleming and the creation of the character, I taught them about music, cinematography and previous Bond films and actors. Then we watched the first four Daniel Craig movies, wrote reviews and watched your reviews here on YouTube. Finally, we had a conversation about their own experiences with the project and the films. Three weeks ago, we all went to the theatre and watched "No Time to Die" together, as a conclusion to the Daniel Craig era and our Bond experience. It was well received by my students (now 10th graders) and I am so happy that we went together and shared the experience. Thanks to you for many good reviews, Chris. Keep 'em coming!
I dnt watch chris' videos religiously but does he not give a rating no more?
You mean to tell me the plot made sense?
❤️❤️
Just saw No Time to Die.  This was a very disappointing movie.   Craig is a cartoon replica of himself from his previous Bond films.   With a stream of appalling "jokes" and a gun that has a never ending supply of bullets this feels more like a "Marvel" than a  Bond movie.  This is not a Flemming Bond at all. Not shaken or stirred,  just thrown on the screen with all the cliched bits jumbled up even the baddies Island exploding was predictable 30 minutes before it happened!   Q, M, Moneypenney and the other lesser characters are as good as they were in their previous Bond appearances. Sadly though the leading female, Léa Seydoux has strangely lost her seductive french accent almost completely.  More concerning Léa Seydoux has bulked up/gained a lot of weight.  She is seen often squeezed into her white trousers like a balloon ready to pop! Her performance is OK though.  Ana de Armas, the Cuban Bond girl is much better and she should return. Malic, the baddie, is in very few scenes and is woeful.   Craig is the best Bond since Connery.   I think though he will look back, with a reported $25 million salary, at "No Time to Die" as easily his weakest Bond film.
Completely unrelated but that Metroid shirt is awesome, please review Dread thatd be awesome! Also great review for NTTD
James Bond doesn't give up, or give in. THAT's why the ending doesn't ring true for me. He just believes the evil bad guy, gives up on any chance of a cure, or seeing his child grow up... even from afar?   Sad to see an iconic hero just lay over and die for no reason.
I loved it. It's one of the best Bond movies, for me. The only problem I have is with the Billie Eillish song, which I thought was garbage.
I liked this movie a lot. It’s a very good adventure movie. But it’s not James Bond. It looks like full of story innovations, but it is just an empty shell, a succession of clichés and references to previous James Bond, to compensate its own emptiness. As a James Bond film, it’s just a woke movie.
Chris....U are so woke. People are weird?  Look in the mirror SoyBoy.
Personally, the Mission Impossible films were far more exciting and superior than this garbage.
Funny how spectre is more a threat in this movie than in Spectre movie
The movie is very good, not the woke movie that pushed in adverts, the 007 thing is well groomed in the plot BUT it is the last Bond movie. This is the end of the franchise movie, very respectful, but non the less final James Bond movie.
Like Craig as a actor but hope they bring in a new James Bond that doesn’t look like a old Bond villain as Craig does.
Don't like Bond. Gonna skip this.
I think Craig is my favorite Bond guy!  Movie was great!
The core premise of this movie could effectively be summarized as "James Bond does FOXDIE".
I thought it was rather weak.
Just got in from watching the movie. I enjoyed the film but I felt uncomfortable watching it. It seemed too intense. I had anxiety watching it because I knew it was the end for Craig. He’s definitely my #1 or #2 Bond.
Working at a movie theater comes with it's perks. I asked my boss when I'd be off so I could see this movie. He just told me to come in early to watch it before opening. Had the whole building to myself. Awesome experience. It's loud, outstanding action, very emotional, just the best type of movie for the Theater experience.
It got me freaking crying.. that ending.. damn it..
If you wait till the end credits scene, it's say James Bond will return.
Terrible ending ruined the entire franchise to me .  Instead a lying scandalous wench rides off in the sunset could have prevented all of it just by saying you have a daughter smh.
It didn't take me long to recognise Daniel as the best ever Bond ... one magical night in a cinema near Phoenix (my one and only visit to the USA) to watch "Casino Royale"  I've read ALL of the Bond novels - and Daniel Craig IS James Bond, especially in this latest film which echoes the novel "You Only Live Twice"
You talk at 05:55 that your radar didn't go off for things being forced down your throat. The movie clearly had political stuff in it like that. Might be my first video of yours I've watched, but man I dunno how you can say that.
Ane De Armas was the best in it I thought, Lashlana was awful and forced and does she...act? Malek could have been great, but the story didn't really put focus on him as a villain. Why the pointless tickbox of Q having a "he" to dinner? Lashlana feels like a huge tickbox also. This is why I dislike majority of all movies now, too interested in political tickboxes.
What was this movie shot on?  I loved the picture quality.
Movie is awesome
I honestly felt the movie was quite poor. Ana de armas was supposedly the strong woman, she's only in 10 min of the movie and her character has no impact on the movie, the nanobots felt so stale...just make it a virus. The villain just decides to flee for absolutely no reason and lets the girl go for absolutely no reason. It didn't make any sense. Then he stays on the island for some reason, even though he was fleeing, shoots Bond 3 times, who is barely hurt. It just didn't make any sense. And then also I got so annoyed with all the forced political messaging in between. I really think this one is the worst Craig Bond movie, and I seriously loved him as Bond.
Just been to see it. All I’ll say is I didn’t appreciate there being a small child in peril a lot. Aside from that, really great film. Top 3 of Craig’s easily and a really strong send off for him, his set of bond films are incredible
Really There's no talent to ASMR whispering my nanny can do better ~ but ur right on thing people are weird how can u a movie critic like Billie Elish dumbass whimpering snorkeling noise over Adele Grandiose voice which gives goosebumps energy in any mood u hear tht .. ur weirdo too man.
What is ur Grade tho ? ~
Best review I’ve seen. Right on the money. 100% agree. Very intelligent realistic writing and blow your mind action sequences. Is there a Dune review?  Maybe I should search.
I doubt this will be much looked at or read. But, I still feel compelled to post something here. I went media blackout on this last outing of the Craig series of Bonds. So, I’m not very well versed  in the backlash the movie was getting before anyone saw it in regards to Billie Eilish or Phoebe Waller Bridge. What I can  say is I watched this movie and I really did not like it. Whether it is a film I liked or did not I always watch a review from this channel because I get a different perspective on the movie. I’ve always enjoyed the conversation on how things like how the direction was, or the acting, or the editing, the music, or script and I felt like none of that was talked about much. So, unfortunately, without a different perspective I still hate this movie. If you’ve read this far and say; “well maybe you should watch a different channel” I get that. However, in my mind this has always been the best movie review one because someone finally talks about movies the way I think, feel and talk about movies. I’m looking at you Chris Stuckman.
James Bond moves are shit. It looks crazy when you get nostalgic about the shit.
Beginning of the pandemic: no time to buy. Fish and chips shop closes down: no time to fry. Hairdryers broken?? No time to dry. Diabetic ?? No time for pie. Airports delaying flights?? No time to fly.  Nuclear war?? The end of the world is nigh...  Seriously.... it was a good film but underwhelming..
Trash movie tbh
Really like the film... the music within, the nods to the OHMSS themes, but man the title song sucked!! Sorry dude but it did lol.
Wanted to be OHMSS and License to Kill but actually was just Mission Impossible II.   Average to Below average bond movie, Ana De Armas was the peak of the movie.
Where did he buy the metroid t-shirt?
The movie was entertaining. However, everything after the first scene at the frozen lake felt kinda mundane
I don't trust someone who enjoyed the new Star Wars.  This channel is garbage.
Trash. A insulting film for Bond fans. Can we get back to fun Bond?
My theory is they will take the next James Movie back to the past, maybe set it in the cold war era, I can sure hope anyway.
Ana de Armas is amazing, i was so happy she was actually a believable badass given the story. (And for once a likeable Bond girl does not die immediately after being introduced), that said, i did not love what they decided to do to Bond at the end. Otherwise i thoroughly enjoyed it. Happy Daniel Craig had one last hooray after all
"just watch the movie" :)
James Bond dies and a new 007 appears in the film…… a woman of colour. Oh how very appropriate for 2021.
They pulled off a star wars type thing where they killed off  all the characters from the past in order to replace James Bond with a woman who can do apparently everything James Bond can.  They think somehow this will work out.  They also neutered James Bond because of me too movement.
Thankfully a proper review of this awesome movie.
It wasn’t jus the blue eyes,,,, it was the blue eyes complimented with the blonde hair,,,,, I was one of those people until but it grew on me and his hair got darker,,,, James Bond jus wasn’t blonde to me,,,, even if he prolly was before
People are ridiculous! I honestly try not watch trailers or read anything about my favorite movie franchises before seeing the film because I want to go in without preconceived notions. I like to be surprised.  I hate when people act like putting woman, black characters, non-straight character in films as some type of “wokeness” instead of just being freaking life. These type of people exist and them showing up in movies of a well loved franchise   should not be considered “woke” or pandering. I too love Billie Eilish in general and I am 51 years old. I yelled out her name when she started singing - Perfect voice for a Bond opening song and title sequence. People are so weird. I love this movie.
Worst James Bond movie I've ever seen...they've been wanting to kill the franchise now for years
Havr you stopped giving grades Chris?
Daniel Craig's had one thing missing from playing bond not enough women bond banged his way through missions
It was a good movie. I would have preferred a happier ending he ride off into the sunset w his daughter. And I didn't like how his  value as a father was diminished. "she's not yours" he was  treated like a sperm donor, which mirrors they way a lot of fathers are treated in our society, as if that's okay.
No spoilers for those who didn't see it but the film had a big f- you to all those complaining Craig's blue eyes and I loved it.
2.5 minutes in and STILL no content.   You obviously have no substance.
Review starts at 3:50 smh
Terrible take here. The film was literally marketed as woke and for the “me too” generation. I could keep going.
My biggest problem with this film was that they tried so hard to keep it grounded in reality the best they could. This film was just so unrealistic, to an insane point. The villain was so flawed and generic , and the Bond’s death didn’t touch me like it should’ve.
You echoed a lot of the same thoughts I had while watching the film.
Shane Dawson does movie reviews?
It was average, it was a good send off for Craig, but I thought the main plot was kind of dull. I did enjoy the references from past films. Casino will always be my favorite though.
I thought it was an ok bond film.  Better than quantum and spectre, not as good as casino royale, maybe almost as good as skyfall.  The only major issue I had was the villain and his motives (and his story).  I have other nitpicks (seemingly jarring edits that seem to have removed scenes/dialogue, even though the movie is long, for instance), but nothing that completely ruins it.
I saw this in theater   I love your reviews  I loved this film :)
THE BEST  LOVE HIM
I was one of those people who had a problem with Craig being Bond when Casino Royale first dropped the trailer, but then again i had a problem with Heath Ledger as Joker. Goes to show how an actor can prove everyone wrong. This film however, was so good, i felt like it is without a doubt to me a perfect and worthy finale to Craig's run as Bond. Especially since i saw Casino Royale in theaters with my parents and brothers, seeing No Time to Die with my parents and my older brother was one of my favorite experiences in theaters. Thank you Daniel Craig, for being the coolest, most beautiful and charming Bond ive ever witnessed.
“Daniel Craig is the best Bond.”  Eesh… hot take to call James Borne the best Bond, but okay  “They didn’t like Phoebe Waller-Bridge because… I don’t know… because she’s a woman.”  Unsubbed.  I’m glad you’re doing you, but you’ve changed into a person whose opinions no longer interest me.  Sincerely, best wishes to you, your wife, and both of your imaginary sexualities, but if I want to hear the opinions of corporate-indoctrinated, teal-haired humanities majors who don’t understand why they can’t afford a mansion, I’ll go straight to the source.
Didn't most Bond actors have blue eyes? Geez. As for Dalton, his movies flopped, I think, just because people got used to the lighter Moore movies. Bond was described in an early Bond novel as having a hint of cruelty around his eyes. That was one of Dalton's best aspects. Like when we first see him in The Living Daylights.
Great film. But the Nomi character was irrelevant and not needed can only think was included to fill up already filled diversity quotas.  Also no need for bond to die.
Craig was great as Bond.He will be missed!
casino  royale  is such a great bond movie
James Bond 007 is a formulaic character. Action, girls, gadgets. Daniel Craig did a fine job throughout, but it was a truly horrible attempt at a long form storyline. This stupid arc involving 007's emergence as Bond, Blofeld/ Spectre/ Swann and Bond's eventual humanization/ maturation/ retirement/ acceptance of his mortality is not true to the formula and is not James Bond. That was not the Bond character that i've known since my early teens in this sham of a movie. This was B.S. Yes, by all means reboot it, and do it right this time.
I agree with you on pretty much everything, except I think Rami Malek's character is very lackluster, Also the Lachana Lynch character is very antipathic to Bond and not interesting , doesnt really bring anything to the story. On that aspect it did tingle my radar as you put it and you kind of feel like she's here to please the militants.  On the other hand Ana de Armas' character was like a breath of fresh air and she didnt get 1/4th of the screen time 007 did.
Great shirt. Metroid Dread, and get well soon Chris. It seems you get sick very often lol.
...but is it woke?
Is no time to die a movie I can just walk into and enjoy or do I need to be familiar with the franchise
Craig was a good bond, but the movies got worse after Casino Royall.
5:50 I can't believe you actually went and said that you can't understand why people had issues with Phoebe Waller-Bridge being brought on and that what? It was because she was a woman? *fake ass shrug* No dude. No one gives a shit that Phoebe Waller-Bridge is a woman. Good job. Thumbs down. Like seriously. I'm a woman and I had issues with it. Life isn't all about misogyny. Some people just don't like the politics. Like with Indy 5. People have an issue there too and it's NOT because she's a woman. Just unreal.
You do know Phoebe Waller Bridge is Writing and making Indianna Jones 5 with her replacing Indy with timetravel shaninigans....right
Thankfully James Bond did not get too stupid and go full WOKE in this new feature. I think most people here were worried that Ian Fleming’s iconic character was going to get ruined. At least at this point, James Bond’s dignity has been maintained. It was bad enough knowing that the director trashed Sean Connery’s Bond as a rapist (which only proved he knows nothing about his own franchise that he directed)  Thanks for pointing out in your commentary, that Hollywood has had a history in pushing narratives and forced talking points within a story.
Everything was great up until the end. Bond is supposed to be in bed with some Bond girl not explode to bits and pieces.
How dare u reducing the greatest phoebe of all time to just a “woman”. Sexist
Nice review man. Although I see many people in the comments complaining about “woke” agendas and stuff like that. It really annoys me that they always bring STUPID politics into everything. In my opinion almost being a dad it brings me joy that Bond would do what he did for his family. Man people are in cults like the JW’s… They need to take a break. Keep up the good work man.
Saw this movie last Sunday.  It was fantastic.  It is definatley Craig's best film and maybe the best bond movie ever.
Honestly, the reviewer’s dismissal of the idea that there just might be a little bit of social commentary and a political agenda is part of what makes communication so difficult today.  The person who made this video is acting as though it’s just completely made-up that the Daniel Craig Bond movies consciously break from the original character in ways that overtly feel as though they’re responding to, for lack of a better term, the “woke” agenda.  That movies can go so far in this direction, basically screaming “f**k you” at longterm fans of the series, and people like this reviewer act, “Gee, I wonder what people are talking about.”  I find it almost as frustrating and disingenuous as people who say, “Show me where Trump was ever racist. Show me just one time Fox News Channel had a political agenda.”  Daniel Craig is Woke James Bond.  Maybe it’s not worth all the fuss, but let’s accept reality here.  Like it or not, the Craig run is Woke James Bond that, frankly, has nothing to do with the original franchise or the character of James Bond.
DOWNVOTE and not sharing, for the lack of awareness concerning the extremist politics and prejudice that surround Phoebe Waller-Bridge as well as Billie Eilish. No, you idiot, the concern was not due to them "being women"! I expected better from you than some dumb strawman cope. The concern pertained to them bringing toxic politics into a franchise which had tradition. Thankfully it wasn't contaminated by feminazis but people like you Chris, have 2 choices: you can choose to stay away from politics and not mention it at all, or you can choose to be vocal and lose half your audience. Do not however make the mistake of insulting our intelligence.
hey dude, where did you get that shirt? it looks so cool!
For some reason, I felt like NTTD has several elements from Metal Gear Solid:  Metal Gear Solid: Shadow Moses-ish Island, infiltrating it with some kind of a submarine transport, Q feels like Otacon and M feels like Major. Sons of Liberty: a younger 007 with same training, same codename, but still too by the books for her own good Snake Eater: Bond gave his life, not for honor, but for Madeline~ and the ladder sequence Guns of the Patriots: The villain's plan is basically FOXDIE combined with specific strain-based element from The Phantom Pain, too  What else?
-Black woman as 007,  -Q as a gay,  -Bond girl who suddenly can kill everything themselves without training. -Worst script and dialogue ever written   Like Trump said: "Everything woke turns into shit".   Last time i'm watching this political shitshow.
Can you review Scream for Halloween?
I really disliked the movie :(. It was just a compilation of action movie cliches :(
It felt like a Call of Duty Game mixed with romance. But overall it was good.
I loved the last lines, "she has your eyes."
You must have been paid a nice sum to say it’s a best bond film !
One of the worst films that I’ve ever seen ! Real trash ! Crap ! No words to describe this trash !
Half way through, I'll quit this review. I don't need your garbage political commentary. 😂😂
Watched NTTD today with my wife at the local Odeon cimema. Left empty, not sure is if that what 3 hours should lead to. Love Bond  like Danial &  the team. Not expensive just not what you think Bond movie is.
The movie did a great job of making the black female 007 obnoxious. Everyone is satisfied: both the stupid SJW folks, who can't think past the "OoOoOo, tHeRe iS a fEmAlE jAmEs bOnD", and the more intellectual people, who got tired of all this fake woke stuff ten times over.
Saw it last night. Brilliant. Emotional - I got very emotional as the end approached. Loved the direction, especially the way it built tension. The 'woke' wailing was totally misplaced, the women kick ass and it took nothing away from Bond. I also loved the references to old movies (OHMSS) and even the Fleming books (especially You Only Live Twice). This was the Craig era's Endgame, and they nailed it. It's too close to have perspective on where it sits, but it's the most blown away I've been since Casino Royale (Skyfall took a lot of views to grow on me). Not going to say - yet - whether it can replace CR as my all time favourite Bond, but in time it has the possibility.
It went woke man
This is a great review. Loved the movie
I loved this movie so much. Haven’t actually gotten emotional over a bond film since OHMSS. Daniel Craig is the best bond hands down. I wish Quantum of Solace wasn’t plagued by the writers strike and wish spectre was better but Craig had 3.5/5 excellent bond films with Casino Royale being the best of all time and Skyfall being top 5 and now No Time to Die being in the top 10 easy.  The ending actually got me so emotional because everything from the hate of Daniel Craig getting cast as a blonde bond to being blown away by Casino Royale (that is not just the best bond movie but one of the best movies ever) all came flooding back as we saw the end.   Also Daniel Craig had the best bond songs as well. You know my Name, Skyfall, Writings on the Wall, No Time to Die are all amazing compliments to their films.
Creg, lol. It's Craig....Craaayyyyyyg. 😀
this movie broke my heart
The movie was well made but my parents and I all agree that the ending was awful. My Dad's response sums it up nicely: "WTF was that!"
The timing of my foot surgery couldn't have been worse. I really wanted to see this in the theater but by the time I'm able to do so it will be out of theaters. I hope it will not be taken out of theaters in 45 days because I really want to see this in the theater.
5:45 You lie. That's not the only thing you can think of.
This movie was some metal gear shit.
In JESUS NAME please pray for my family and me Nathan in JESUS NAME Amen.
Watch it first u say... u chide us... as if movie studios in recent years haven’t given us enough reason to be skeptical.  It was the movie studio that touted this movie as Bond for the metoo era.  Not us.  We’re not the naive ones.
After watching Anna De Arma’s on-screen presence I thought “Why didn’t they cast her as Madeleine in Spectre?”
I kept hearing a bunch of people say that this movie had a bunch of political agenda nonsense.   Have no idea what everyone was talking about, it was perfectly fine.
A great film indeed!
A "View to a Kill" is my favorite one. 😏😏😏😏😏
This was the most misleading Bond title in the franchise.
There are some really big plot holes in this movie, and I wouldn't mind it if the ending was disappointing...but it was, he should have been happy
Film was garbage, made worse by the stupid SJW propaganda crap that have been neutering James Bond and making newer films crap. The end of this one was just stupid AF. There has never been a reason to do that in the past, there was no need here either.  And no, I don't want to support theatre releases anymore. Cinemas are dead and if I could decide, no film would premiere in one ever again. All films should premiere in streaming services. That's the future, whether "cinema critic" snobs like it or not.
Ugh I cried.
It was surreal watching this after Sean Connery passed. That said, it was a fitting conclusion to the Daniel Craig saga.
I haven't heard of any outrage towards the female screenwriter.
I really really hope it fails to meet the 900 million dollar breakeven point. maybe then Hollywood will stop ruining franchises with stupid politics.
Im sorry folks I hated this woke version of James Bond. Ot imo ruined the character. YOU DONT KILL BOND!!!
lol Gonna regret that Waller-bridge comment after the new Indy comes out. Also, the theme song to this one s u c k e d, which was a let down since most of the Craig Bond films have awesome theme songs. Ex: Casino Royale.
This is more like "Castrated simp movie reviews"... Disliked
Timothy Dalton was Cubby Broccoli’s favorite Bond that was closest to the book.
Why are there so many dislikes? If you disliked the video, why?
the ending sucked, and it had the problem of quantum of solace had of carrying over too much from the previous film, i dont watch bond for a romance film, a really terrible send off to Craig, and most likely has damaged the entire franchise, not sure if it can recover
You’ve put on weight.
This movie was superb...I was seriously expecting some woke crap with women scolding Daniel Craig every step of the way because they be women and instead I was utterly floored with a movie just as good if not better then skyfall
Watching old bond movies after Craig’s collection feels  like an effortless job  Craig had a sense of grit and will which others did not show that effectively
Just got back from seeing this film.  It sucked to high heaven and is easily the worst Bond film of them all.  What a bunch of whiny characters with hard to understand accents.  Ugh.  The things in this film are NOT supposed to be in a Bond film.  And Bond just sitting in his car while people are shooting machine guns at it, all the while scarring the heck out of his young "girlfriend" seeing if she is really telling the truth, what the hell?  Oh, and Bond films are NOT supposed to have kids in it.  Period!  This film deserves to go on the Oprah Channel.  The only good thing about this film is the new 007 lady.  She's classy and I would enjoy seeing more of her.  But get rid of this Bond family crap.  Villains in this film are lame and cry babies.  Ugh.
I don’t think many were upset about the writer being a woman, I think it had to do with the fact that she had no business being a writer for this particular genre. However you saying people were upset because she’s a woman, in a way is kind of what you were criticizing as being monitizible content.
In my area i have to wear a mask to go to theatre, so I'm not going,i won't comply with these idiot mandates. I'll just wait to stream
I can't understand why some people actually LIKE Daniel Craig as Bond. He's my LEAST favorite. He's just depressed and scowl-mugged the whole time. Plus...he's a-hole in RL as well.
5/10 was funny with all the trope
The first half of the movie was awesome! The second was a snooze fest. The movie was too dam long. Would have been better if it was shorter
I think they did Force in the part of Q being gay, that was thrown in for no reason.
I enjoyed the story telling aspect of this movie. With watching videos on the internet and expanding my knowledge on movies I really enjoy when movies add on to the
Just watched it last night.  Loved it. I actually cried on the ending. I love Daniel Craig as James Bond. Definitely my favorite.
Me before i watch the video:   I wonder if Chris grew up watching James Bond movies
"Billie Eilish is talented" gonna go ahead and give you 5 Sins
I felt like I lost someone close to me couldn't believe 😔 it.
New viewer...liked your review..saw it last nite... Spot on..cudos....will subscribe
I agree with your sentiments, it was so good to just go to a cinema again and watch a movie!! Great movie!
I saw the movie tonight and it needs to be renamed Time To Die. There was a couple of places that Barbara and Michael blew this movie completely the overall it's entertaining
No offense but I just watched a Chris Stuckman review from 3 & 5 years ago I hope Chris takes steps to increase his activity level, stay fit, etc.
Have you done something to your mic? There seems to be a bit more echo in your voice than normal
2nd movie I've seen in a theater in the last 3yrs (first was Venom 2) and damn was it good. What an ending too!
Best Bond movie 🍿 I’ve seen since Casinon Royal, outstanding performances 10/10
I cried...there I said it I cried at the ending!!!
This and A Quiet Place II were the only movies I wanted to see when the pandemic hit!!!! I'm so happy I saw both movies in theater since I really don't like going to movies since the pandemic hit. It was great and very bittersweet.   BTW I guess I'm weird because I find Billie Ellish over fucking rated
Shorter: For 2 years, the studio virtue signaled about how woke this flick was gonna be. It's really not there. The idea of female 00's is stupid, but the chick is fine in the movie.
Back in theatre and explosive James Bond what’s not to like - I recommend reclining seats though 2hr 43 mins
Never thought they could screw up a James Bond Movie until now :)
Because her and her music sucks.
All I have to say is I'm 60 y.o. and this hopefully final Bond Saga made me feel really old
Honestly the connections between these movies always seems poorly thought out and comes across as retroactively seeing what they could make connect rather than having a plan from the start. Was JJ Abrams in charge?
"It's the longest one." - Mark Hamill
I disagree, there is a scene that is really on the nose and feels like someone in a suit told them to put it there but hey it's only like 10 seconds so whatever.
I'm not gonna lie being the last Craig film get me more emotional the the actual plot lmao. I think despide the mediocre ones Craig had a great run and is without doubt the best Bond for me.
Love this review man. This is why you’re the best.
Just seen it. Its my new favorite chick flick.
Just saw it, …. incredible, all my doubts were quickly squashed
I found it kinda slow, long, and boring. Fine for a 1 time watch but no rewatch. Casino Royale was incredible and Skyfall was great. The other Craig movies are forgettable IMO.
Why he did not talk about his fate at the end? It has to be discussed
I felt so much from this review! I went to see this at the IMAX, and couldn’t actually remember the last film I’d gone to see in cinemas because it was pre-pandemic-panic, so it feels like an age ago! So having been able to see this on an insanely huge screen was brilliant, but the film was really enjoyable too! Not my favourite Daniel Craig film (Casino Royale, now and always!), but it was definitely one of the better films compared to the others!
Not much in this film made sense - wasn't very coherent.
This is probably the worst movie review ever. No Time to Die has as many plot holes as Bond puts bullets into people.
Holy cow I LOVED this movie.
Glad you enjoyed it , so did I very much so was expecting lashana to be annoying based on those First trailers but no I liked her
Who are these people who are upset coz someone is a women.. Where is Chris is getting his info? 🤣
Just watched it and it was so bad that I almost feel like they were taking the piss out of their own franchise.
The end of Chris Stuckmann
The movie on the whole is good but it's not very Bond more a superhero style movie.  The black female 007 thing just screams BLM to me and I didn't like that part.  Also the virus thing was stupid and a little unrealistic.
Thank you for launching my channel
I loved Ana De Armas in the movie, the party scene with her was stunning. Can see myself enjoying a movie with her being a 007.
I LIKE BILLY (SATANIC) EILISH.. GOODBYE.
But I got got cartoon tattoos!!
"NO TIME TO BE WEAK STUPID SHIT'. ADE is your future.
And I was taught how to execute people with a .25-shoot your shot through a packed roll..  What matters most is disposing of bodies..
The first 'invention'.. A  baseball bat wrapped in barb wire.
My dad..  When he found out  I was being bullied..
And my mind has the real 007 origin story
Bullshit xyz
"I'm directing "--  My dad killed four people in front of me.l
Loved all the references to other bond films. The DB5 from Dr No, the V8 volante from the living day lights and the DBS from Casino Royale as well as the Louis Armstrong song "all the time in the world" from HMSS. The plot was ok but not brilliant. Can't believe that Spectre and Blofeld were just swept aside so easily
the little gun barrel scene in the final battle  was dope
Very good movie for the most part - but - spoilers:      Bloody pissed me off that they decided to end the Craig era by killing Bond off & only at the end of the credits does it say he'll be 'returning'. Like how!?  He got obliterated by rockets at the end! Unless Lynch takes over (like the media said).
100% AMAZING FILM.  AND WAS CERTAINLY EMOTIONAL TO SEE DANIEL'S LAST 007 PERFORMANCE.... SAW IN CINEMA LAST NIGHT WITH MY LOVER AND WE BOTH REALLY LIKED IT. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FILM.  5STARS  DANIEL CERTAINLY THE BEST BOND  AND CERTAINLY LOVE THE STORY ARK LINKS IN HES 007 FILMS.  PEACE AND LOVE ALL 007 FANS
Agree with everything in your no-nonsense review.  I saw it in 3-D which looked FANTASTIC, the title sequence alone was A+ psychotropics, and overall nothing has felt so joyfully pre-C19 shitstorm than kicking back to a fun Bond epic for 2.5 hours.    Question: has a Bond movie ever had an opening scene that didn’t include him in any way?  The sequence is superb, and presumably necessary up front to establish the characters we never really learn too much about considering Bond’s emotional investment & Malik’s importance. But I’m surprised I don’t hear more complaining about not opening on Bond.
My Daniel Craig Bond films rating : Skyfall > No Time to Die > Casino Royale > Quantum of Solace > Spectre. Casino is kind of overrated and Quantum gets a lot of unfair criticisms imo.
Daniel Craig is my favorite Bond as well. Thank you for the 5 part bond series that we'll probably never get anything like that again.
Great movie, but I was confused by Rami’s character’s age….presumably he killed Madeleine’s mother when she was a child and he was in his 20’s, and then besides a lot of pockmarks he doesn’t look like he aged in the 20-30 years between his introduction and end of the film.
Chris the movie literally makes 007 important. So important they give it back to him
Cinema Theatres are overrated!
I think you just talk BS instead of getting straight to the point reviewing movie. 👎
Straw man much?
The controversy with casting Daniel Craig as Bond wasn't the "Blue Eyes" it was the blonde hair. The saying back then going around was "Blonde Bond" made it easy to remember. Timothy Dalton had blue eyes.
Damn, did you wife like this movie? Cuz you're holding back to criticise it and gave a political review (neither like or dislike) instead. And I get that you got cyber bullied once after you gave a movie an F. But this video's thumbnail pretty much tells that you dislike this movie.
That's exactly my ranking Chris :). This movie was so good, and yeah it's hard to top Casino Royale, it was just magical. However, this movie delivers in a big way really.
Great review. Agree on all the points. Ana De Armas was great. Shame she wasn't in it for long. Thought storyline was good, some of the scenes were very good. Also I do agree that I read a lot about the film prior to seeing it, and they didnt ram anything down the viewers throats and it all felt natural. It was well done.  The slight disappointment for me was Rami Malek's character. I love Rami Malek but whether it was how he was written or him, or both, dont think he was up there with 3 of the other Bond villains in Craig's movies. He was good, just not Bardem, Mikkelsen or Waltz level. Which felt the final Bond for Craig needed.   Agree also that its his 3rd best bond, but far closer to Skyfall and Casino Royale than it is Spectre or Quantum of Solace. Daniel Craig's been a great Bond. The best one ever IMO.
Idris Takes the torch.
My favourite Craig performance as Bond. Loved the film. But have to disagree on the song , thought it was a bit weak
Villain was a bit of a let down but apart from that it was a very good film
007 is an English man not a woman Q was never gay The world has changed And I don’t mind but seriously don’t change James Bond
I caught covid while watching this in theaters, but it was such a great movie! PS only go to theaters that require  vaccination
There were too many weird moments  for me.....how did the villain survive being able to be shot so many times.....also was VERY difficult to follow storyline. How was everyone able to find Bond so easily....?
I think your a little to hard on Quantum of Solace... it wasn't that bad of a movie, but i do agree that Casino Royale is Daniel Craig's best Bond movie. keep up the good work Chris love your Reviews.
My ranking is exactly the same and I do agree that Daniel is the best Bond. It will take some adjusting...
Great review. I totally feel you-it was an emotional and sentimental, multilayered experience for many reasons. I will miss Craig as Bond. IMHO, best Bond there ever was!
I download the song no Time to die I like it. I’ve seen the grave Of some of the James Bond’s that have come and gone. Hopefully the next one will be a good replacement
At two hours and 43 minutes, this movie was way longer than it needed to be, and it was overly plotted.   But there were some very cool action scenes, and I thought the acting was great, Billie Eilish’s song for the opening credits was wonderful.    So on the whole, it was a mix bag for me. It’s a middle of the road Bond movie.   Skyfall and Casino Royale were better, but this was better than Quantum and Spectre.
I really disliked this movie.
I’m looking forward to your review of Dune.  I really appreciate your thoughtful reviews.
I’m looking forward to your review of Dune.  I really appreciate your thoughtful reviews.
Out here in flyover country we have a saying, i’ve seen better film on a farm pond.
you can just tell how much better this is than spectre
I agree with his list
Skyfall casino NO TIME TO DIE spectre  quatum of solace
GREAT Daniel craig Bond end
the villian plot just wasnt the best
the villian just lets it down but its a great bond end
such a great ending
3rd best Daniel craig bond in my opinion
Chris does a GREAT job at SPOILING MOVIES FOR PEOPLE!!!!!!!
Sick movie, after 61 years Bond finally dies. RIP
The whole film was very well made, but I was particularly happy to see Daniel Craig take the character to some new places emotionally. His chemistry with Lea Seydoux was something I was worried about going in but they were great together. I actually believed Bond had fallen in love and didn’t want to do spy stuff anymore.
I’d love a spin of 007 with Moneypenny, Q, Nomi 007, and most definitely Paloma. I think they can have that series for a bit, and reboot James Bond later
who is waiting for review of Dune from Chris ?
scale of 1-10 how Woke is it?
Thank you Thank you Thank you. Finally! Someone that first appreciates Bond and what Craig brought to Bond. And second, someone that knows the story so well that he could tie it all together in a real review of the film. Hearing all the folks condemning this movie for "being woke" or "the worst ever Bond movie cuz Bond never dies"...made me literally want throw things. This was a 5 part event with Craig, and like no other franchise has really ever done since Star Wars, Rocky, Star Trek, or the Comic Book super heros...this one actually tells one story that combines so many elements without having to literally create black holes, time travel and rebirth rituals. To me, this was the best 5 part series EVER. I was so happy I went back and watched Spectre again a few days prior to the theater. It was the one that I had watched, never really studied, and was a bit let down only cuz it wasn't Skyfall, and that was a mistake. It was rewatching Spectre and then seeing No Time, that made No Time exactly what you described. Context! Something that far too many keyboard warriors and "critics" never have, and likely never will.
I’m gonna miss Daniel so much
The killing of Bond has potentially killed the franchise.  Bond fans still want to see James killing the villain, getting the girl and living on to fight another day.  It seems that the films are taken far too seriously with their political correctness.  Bond is and always be a fantasy.
The killing of Bond has potentially killed the franchise.  Bond fans still want to see James killing the villain, getting the girl and living on to fight another day.  It seems that the films are taken far too seriously with their political correctness.  Bond is and always be a fantasy.
This was by far your poorest review.  Your reasoning about other people’s criticisms for the movie is based on stereotypical und discriminating assumptions. Like a little boy you try to not let anybody have your No Time To Die candy. Thought you had pretty good reviews in the past but I guess nothing stays forever.
Didn't like this one. The action scenes were pretty good though. Unfortunately the rest was so forced and poorly written. I'm especially sorry for Rami Malek who is an EXCELENT actor but had to bring to life one the most poorly written Bond villains in history.
I was a Little underwhelmed by the villain, especially because of the actor and his pretty interesting entrance to the film and build-up, but he ultimately was very weak with a weak plan and an admittedly vicious final gambit (no spoiler). Part of it is probably that his masterplan felt like old news after Metal Gear Solid :D. I still like what they did with Bond as a character and that they brought Madeleine/ Lea Seydoux  back. Great conclusion for the Daniel Craig era and to see whether and how they will continue this series is going to be an interesting experience.
The really subtle Q confirmation was my fav bit. I was like yassssssssss
I totally agree with ur craig bond movie ranking system !
The action sequences looked good in 3D.
Me too sad ending in a way love Daniel Craig
Where is the review?
See, I think Lashana Lynch's character did think she was better than Bond early on in the film because she was being very cocky and arrogant about it (not that Bond cant be/isn't cocky), but she does grow respect for him and he begins to respect her which I think is quite poetic at the end of the day.
Major spoilers in this comment so if you haven’t seen it and want to don’t read my comment.  If you want a spy that breaks the mold, aka a black woman,  make an amazing franchise that does that and everyone will love to see it. Taking a icon in movie history and completely flipping it upside down in one movie is not the way to go. I’m also referring to how completely different of a bond character to the core that he is in this movie compared to others, besides it being Daniel Craig, everything about the character is unrecognizable. If it really was necessary change who bond is, Miss Moneypenny could’ve been that black female lead that takes over. She’s M’s secretary so it’s not unreasonable that she’s been training for field work this whole time and personally, I think Naomie Harris could’ve been great in the 007 roll, it wasn’t necessary to bring in a character that we haven’t heard of till this movie as the successor. They should’ve taken notes on how Marvel made Anthony Mackie’s character the new Captain America. Finally, Bond gave up on life, not even bothering to try to get off the island, because he couldn’t touch his wife and kid, who are again characters in the series who were just introduced in this movie, because of a disease, when he easily could’ve been there for them from a far, while doing whatever he could to find a cure to one day be with them again, which would’ve been a reason that they needed a new 007. This might be the worst depiction of James Bond ever created.
Yo Chris you still making that movie? By the time you release it, I don't think anybody's going to care anymore about the Paranormal paranoids.
Snot "silly" -- people were worried the fuckists of wokery would get their hands on Bond - and castrate the man.
I just saw No Time to Die here in the states. While I have to commend the film on how well made and acted this film is, this film just felt so out of place. Even with its ending and surprises along the way, I was sitting in the theater thinking of Bonds such as Thunderball, You Only Live Twice, Octopussy, License to Kill, Goldeneye, Skyfall and many more and this film felt like it wasn’t even in the same universe as those films. I guess the Game of Thrones/Avengers every ending/plot has to be controversial trend and maybe unexpected trend finally caught up to James Bond…
Much too long, far too little action, tedious melodrama, just plain bad.
off-topic comment, but that's an awesome t-shirt
What a soy boy review.  Daniel Craig best James Bond? Laughable.  Billy Eilish great bond song?  Trash.  Woke agenda well intentioned?  OMG. What an apologist review.  Never will watch another review by this sorry excuse of a reviewer.
The man still shaking off the cold & dropped a vid.. dedication! 💪🏽
To be honest, I'm currently thinking "No Time To Die" is edging out the 2nd place trophy over "Skyfall" for me. 'Casino Royale" still reignes supreme of course. I enjoyed every setpiece, tangent, pastiche, reveal, reversal and tableau. And felt the ending was sort of perfectly poignant. I appreciate that it dared to leap with stretched out reach and in my estimation competently grasp, pull, and swing to a very respectable landing with no shortage of flare to spare.  However, I do still have questions as to what the hell exactly was the villain's plan, and who precisely were his intented targets? I don't think it was really explained and I'm still sketchy on his motivations since his end goal seemed so vague. Also what was this big secret that Blofleid alledged would just blow Bond over? Just a red herring? I mean, if it was THAT one development (which I won't spoil here), then I should think that's a fairly prevelant predicament for Bond to fully anticipate incurring... maybe it's somewhat unexpected in that particular situation, but hardly a thing that Bond should be too frayed about dealing with.  Anyway. Strong ending for the Craig era. His tenure really has to be estimated as the series' most consistant in terms of both quality and characters. I think in the years to come it will be assessed as a whole quite favourably.
He not best mate
This 10 minute review, I think you spent about 2 minutes talking about whats in the film, and the other 8 minutes talking about stuff outside of the film and other Bond films. Do better for an almost 3 hour movie please.
3:25 still no Review... No Time To Wait.
It’s funny how the Craig Era ends I become more nostalgic for the Moore and Bronson Era - back when Bond was ‘fun’ and and you didn’t need tranquilizers leaving the theatre  I would take a Moonraker or a Tomorrow Never Dies any day over this dire shit we’ve gotten this decade - i like Craig as an actor but his films were always more Bourne than Bond
I wasn't crazy about this bond film. It could have been a little better.
farewell Mr. Craig hey Chris could you do a video on stalker
Great! 18 terrible months and now Bond has a girlfriend, a kid and gets bumped off at the end.
The problem I have with your argument about the "Just Go See The Film And Give The Artist The Benefit Of The Doubt" is that going to the movies cost a lot of money for us poor folks. We rely on reviews to save our money. I think critics have forgotten that important part of their jobs. You are supposed to save us Blue Collar folks some dollars that could otherwise go to food and education.
I started to yawn when Maleks villain was on the screen, didnt work as a charachter and the reason for his machinations left obtuse.
Sometimes he reviews movies, sometimes he pretends to but in fact tries to low key sell you some personal  'opinion' or 'something you should appreciate' ..nah.. a polished turd is still a turd
I haven't seen the movie and in all honesty don't really care to not because of possible attempts to replace Bond whether or not that's actually the intention but because the movies started falling into unrealistic troupes again after Casino Royale. Fun fact the book has a high speed cash where Bond crashes and almost dies. That's the type of Bond film I want to see where the character isn't practically invulnerable for the action' sake. It makes for unthrilling storytelling. That being said, it's Hollywood's own fault that there's now such a great divide between them and their audience. They did it to themselves by arbitrary forcing single minded agendas onto the audience. A lot of people see the current trend of replacing favorite characters because they're not diverse enough (which just amounts to white straight male). So they only have themselves to blame when fans are overly cautious. It's like the popular saying goes... fool me once, shame on you... I don't blame people for not wanting to trust Hollywood movies anymore. They have burned the bridge a few times now. A bigger problem now adays is also the numerous sequels of big franchises which means you can bet they won't put most characters at any risk. Anyways I don't have a lot of sympathy for people who dig their own holes especially when the current trends include 'deconstructing and dismantling' things the fans care about and trying to turn them into something for the current social atmosphere instead of for the franchise storytelling. Even if it's a good movie I can understand why people wouldn't want to support that direction or be cautious that it would lead to that direction. Hollywood is largely the source of the rift. If they had been more concerned with good story telling over their social images than there wouldn't be such a great distrust in their practices. You weep what you sow.
Chris,it's like only your face it's geting fat🤔
They tried to go for the iron man ending but failed miserably
.................Covid
Pros: Ana is amazing, maybe the best sequence of the movie.  The action is very well made!  Good characters and good acting.  Surprising emotional gravitas.  Cons: I feel the antagonist is way to little antagonistic and I don't feel any relief when the mission succeeds at the end. How did he become such a powerful villan? How does he justify killing all the people? It just doesn't give me anything.  7/10 for me. My rank is the same as yours 🙈
Who is Daniel Cregg
Saw it in one of my favorite theaters on monday. It was wonderful. Not only because it's been 18 months since I last spent an evening at the cinema. I enjoyed the film immensly. It gave me all the things I crave from both a theater and Bond experience. Lots of beautiful locations, fine performances, intense action and that ending. Yeah, that's one for the books.
Bond is DEAD and so is the franchise. Never say ever again. This was subtle WOKE doing. Wake up buddy. Next is Superman is bisexual. Do you not see the killing of strong white men in all hero movies?
In my opinion Daniel Craig is not James Bond, he's a normal action character like Jason Bourne, Bond used to be the guy that every guy wanted to be   He fell in love with 2 women and left MI6 twice all in the space of 4 movies....   What kind of James Bond is that..... Could you ever imagine Connery, Moore or Brosnan doing anything like that...   If you want the Bond from the books then watch the Dalton or Craig Bond, he used to be a charismatic suave and sophisticated bebonair with an eye for the ladies who killed the bad guy and saved the world, If you don't have all these qualities then how can you possibly still be James Bond anymore....    Bond isn't an icon for being Joe average gritty secret agent with no humor    Connery set the scene and it was continued through Moore and Brosnan, This is what separated him from all other action movie characters and why every woman wanted him and everyone guy wanted to be him   I love the Bourne movies and have watched them all many times but if Bourne suddenly started chasing the women, developing a sense of humor or began being suave and sophisticated I'd be totally put off the character and that's why I was put off Craig fron the beginning   It's why Moore, Brosnan and Connery were brilliant and Craig is nothing more than a generic action character with a cool name and heritage built on the backs of his predecessors
Awesome review, thanks a ton!!!
This was the worst Bond movie ever ! People leaving theater all the way through movie It was so boring and this review is Dogshit !
When i first heard of a female bond i was cool with it cuz at the end of the day, if her performance is good and doesnt feel forced (i.e have a scene talm bout why she is better cuz she's a woman etc), i cud care less but I was kinda confused on if she would have the name "bond" or just 007 cuz it wouldve been weird if she had a variant of james bond name (i.e janice bond, janet bond etc) cuz in skyfall (if i remember correctly) daniel craigs bond goes to his parents grave and their last names are bond. Eitherways, she looks cool
People dont really like billie cuz she doesn't sing in the conventional sense hitting high notes and low notes and such. She mainly just talks ovee her songs but she's sucessful cuz she captures the mood of whatever the topic is. I personally find she's good but she's not for everyone.
I really enjoyed the movie actually. It was special to me because I’ve been a James Bond fan since I was a kid growing up with Pierce Brosnan—I played every video game pretty much. At first I was unsure of Daniel Craig, but he really grew on me and he might be my favorite bond. Another reason it was special to me because it was my first time attending a Bond premier in theaters. I will really miss Daniel Craig as 007.  Funny though because my ranking was the same as yours: Casino Royale Skyfall No time to die  Spectre  Quantum of Solace
This movie kills not only James Bond but his character.
Would either of you wanted James Bond to be voiced by either Tommy Lee Jones, or Harrison Ford?
Not gonna lie, don’t like this new intro. No juice
Cool Metriod T-shirt.
Blue eyes are a genetic flaw, opening the person up to UV damage, similar to very fair skin does. I dont envy either.
I don't mind the ending which I think it's fair and beautiful but how it ends was just meh...
Political corectness destroyed another great movie. A black woman schools James Bond like he is some  kind of shmuck. Sad indeed.
OK, so I saw it yesterday and it now stands alongside 'Casino Royale' as my favourite Bond movie. One thing that really enriched the experience for me were the callbacks to 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' - as soon as I heard that theme music in the beginning where Bond and Madeleine are driving along that mountain road, and especially when Bond tells Madeleine "We have all the time in the world" ... well, that was some portentous, elite-level foreshadowing. Also love the callback to 'Leon the Professional' in the name of a character I won't mention, because spoilers. I absolutely agree about Paloma, by the way. Wow, I loved her. (If they ever did a Paloma spin-off - or a team-up between Paloma and Nomi - I would 100% be there for it.) Overall, I was emotionally engaged throughout this movie and found it an extremely satisfying farewell to Daniel Craig's Bond.
This movie was a perfect end to the Craig's era. Nevertheless I'm not that satisfied as few changes would have had a greater impact as a story I believe. Would have rather wanted Bond's child to be a boy, where he listens to the story of his father from Madeleine and instead the boy says- "The name is Bond.. JAMES BOND" According to me that would have hit on a different level as Craig's son continues as James Bond and joins MI6 in few years time. This would not have let the fans get disturbed with the ending in my opinion..
I agree the action set pieces were great in this movie. Other than that the dialogue was such a longwinding drag most times
The next "Bond" will have some really big shoes to fill.  I hope the studio realizes what an enormous responsibility they have on their shoulders.  I have so much more to say about this movie but nobody really cares for my opinion.  Overall a really great way to end the Craig series.  Ana De Armas was phenomenally underplayed and probably the most exciting character in the movie.  RIP 007  I left the theater in tears.
Movies don't "address" political issues, and movie reviewers don't know jack about politics. Most movies are capitalist, imperialist, liberal propaganda. The CIA, in fact, overlook and control many American movies. Chris would do well to look this stuff up and learn something about propaganda and cultural hegemony (the great Antonio Gramsci) and Edward Bernays (one evil, elitist person), read Chomsky and Michael Parenti (better than Chomsky). Opiates of the people, weapons of mass distraction. Once you know this stuff, many mainstream movies are truly odious in what they propagandize and in the kind of mind-numbing ideas they push and all the things they never address - hint: ideas and critiques that challenge the capitalist status quo that is destroying the biosphere and threatening corporate and war profits and has brought us to the brink of extinction. And people think the Soviet Union produced propaganda, LOL You think these films are innocent entertainment? Then you are exactly the kind of audience that the elites want: a mindless consumer. Oh my, I would love it if a YT film reviewer started calling out films for the propaganda they absolutely are (there are exceptions, like in any field). I can dream, can't I?
I love 007 movies the first 45 min was top notch action and beautiful scenery then the next 2 hours talking planning explaining how dangerous blah blah spectre did nothing....token black female 007 dull...evil dude boring..Daniel Craig will be missed he did not want to make anymore 007 movies and was persuaded to make this last one imagine that some peoples lives are just really swell.
Jason Bourne would kick his ass or "bum" as Bond would say.
Just watched this movie in theaters. It was amazing. I never felt emotional watching a Bond movie until today. And it was great to go back to the theater after 18 months
I don't know what all the complaints were about. Each character fit the story. Nothing felt forced. The only negative was it was too long.
Daniel Craig is coming back to fight the new Spectre KKK in his wheel chair.   That’s a joke in case some of you don’t know. 😝
Phew, I was worried after seeing the thumbnail first.
I did not even know there was any controversy surrounding this film.  I haven't heard any at all.
Chris, did you see Night House with Rebecca Hall?
I grew up in a small town and rarely got to watch movies at the cinema. Sometimes my father would drive me and my friends to Athens which is over 2 hours away, and we'd watch 2-4 movies in one day!  When I went to college, I was lucky to live in a city full of students, one that could support a cinema with 4 screens, but sadly the management closed it during the summer break, between late June and early September. I missed soooo many releases! 😭
Well, I don't know what movie you watched brother because this film was trash. Absolutely trash. And that ending...what the fk was that about? Really?? That's how they end it? 🤦🏾‍♂️ yeah the film looked amazing with the cinematography and camera movements,  however the day time soap opera angle and James sobbing and   moping  around was a turn off. Huge turn off. James Bond movies are Men's escape fantasy movies. The gadgets,  exotic locations, gorgeous women, etc...was what men LOVED about Bond films. And yes, there were a lot of woke moments in the film (not as much as the media made it out to be few months back) nonetheless,  it had a lot of woke moments.  This was not a Bond film, at least not compared to the previous films. So yeah, in my humble opinion,  trash...and the box office agrees with me. 🤷🏾
awesome review Chris i loved this movie and glad you enjoyed it too
No joke I choked up at the end and I'm angry. Like a commentor said elsewhere, "I felt Bond deserved a happy ending with his family after everything he's been through… To retire for good would've been a much better ending..." I didn't like the ending at all. He deserved to go off into the sunset with his family, finally knowing peace (not the final kind) after so much hardship and unhappiness.
Wondering why you are doing reviews again after your announcement earlier this year
Oh man these comments are horrid😂 I would place this movie in my top 5 bond movies. The villain had a clear motive, although he was kinda new and thrown in, I liked it alot. Would've been better received earlier on. I've seen this movie every time and the only problem I've had with it each time watching is the new 007 rubbing it in James bonds face that she's 007. That character was just poorly written and idk how u can't add that things were written in for media? She killed an "innocent man" for saying he could kill a whole race of people with the formula he made. Made by the orders of people she worked for. Idk, maybe they could do a follow up film with her and make her look better but me and probably everyone else included won't be interested after that. Lastly, everyone's talking about a new James bond after this, I support and am perfectly content with no more bond for the next 10 years. The movies there are and especially what daniel craig did is enough to satisfy me for years to come. I agree he was one of the best, if not the best to play the role, and to replace him too soon would be almost a tragedy.
Are we going back to doing film reviews??
I WANTED to like the ending.  I WANTED to feel like it was an oddly appropriate sendoff to a very different iteration of Bond.  But I can't.  I HATE it.  Without any particular big expectations or anxious fixation on the film (which tells me I didn't just build up unreasonable expectations or buy into any hype), I quietly designated No Time To Die as my personal celebratory first trip back to the theater to mark and enjoy SOMETHING like a return to "post pandemic normalcy" with some escapist fun from my fave film franchise.  Instead I got a full-force kick in the balls from a self-serious melodrama so hellbent on playing with the boundaries of what a "Bond movie" even IS that it became something else entirely.  And rather than having enjoyed a fun diversion and come back feeling invigorated from a thrill ride, I've returned home feeling saddened and DEPRESSED.  It certainly isn't that Craig's interpretation of Bond just "wasn't for me."  I actually liked his grittier take on the character, complete with a little bit of humanizing vulnerability and cynicism about his job.  When others were complaining early on that Craig's Bond was a sad-sack lacking "fun" I was still fully enjoying the movies and appreciating how much more relatable they'd managed to make the character.  Rather than bow to the modern puritans who demand all flawed characters be "rehabilitated" or have "problematic" behaviors stripped away, the writers not only dared to keep Bond's  , but to use the Craig reboot to take Bond's vices and womanizing an subtly show them as coping mechanisms for a man with a psychologically damaging job (whereas the older films shy away from Bond's inner world to the point that his drinking and sleeping around come off simply as wantonly edgy, "bad boy" behavior for the sake of making him seem cool and sexy.)  But around that different take on *the character* the Craig films BEGAN as something which was still true to its popcorn entertainment roots with some elements of thrills and fun.  But from around the middle of Skyfall, they began a slog towards trying to transform *the tone of the series itself* into more drama than action or fun.  And I've gone steadily from thinking Craig was the BEST Bond to lamenting the complete transformation of the series far beyond the daring, but limited reinterpretation Craig began.  They started out going refreshingly off the beaten path just a bit, but kept going until they ran off the edge of the map.  No Time To Die feels like an art house melodrama with action elements which had the Bond logo and a cheap publicity stunt ending slapped on it.  I resent them for so humanizing Craig's Bond for so long, giving him a wife and child in the eleventh hour just to gut everyone with a contrived gimmick of  an ending.  I'd have reluctantly bought him DECEIVING his wife and daughter that he wasn't going to make it to spare them the pain of having to live apart forever due to the taint of the bioweapon, which would have still achieved bittersweet tragedy while showing Bond's growth and nobility, as well as his tragic resignation that no one he loves will ever be safe near him.  I'd have expected this ending from the series finale of a show like 24--in fact I wrongly predicted they'd have the stones to do it.  But when you publicly aim to continue the franchise?  NTTD's ending is unexpected not because it is unpredictable and daring, but because it is a cynical subversive trick.  It is a suckerpunch, not daring storytelling.  If it weren't for having gotten to see Ana De Armas looking as graceful and stunning as any woman should ever be CAPABLE of, I might have been tempted to ask for a refund.
They KILLED the Bond! What is there not to fill about it LOSER!
Ignorance is bliss Chris.
Chris wants to be part of the industry so bad he's beginning to sound like them. So he says Billie Eilish's theme is being criticized because... she's talented? And people don't like Phoebe Waller Brige because... she's a woman? Really?? Careful Chris. You left a cult. Don't join another one.
Craig is my favorite bond too. Personally my only critique of his bond movies are they drag on like forty minutes to much it seems.
No time to Die was good. Daniel Craig's bond was different because they made Bond a flawed human. It was a fitting end for Daniel Craig's tenure as James Bond
Man I would've appreciated like 2 seconds between announcing Skyfall spoilers and then saying them
I've hardly heard a difference in your voice so it doesn't really matter, if you're recovering from a cold and not covid then kudos. I wish this would not only be Daniel Craig's last Bond movie but also in general because it's been going on for 60 years and all good things must come to an end! But I'm sure you already know it's not because of money and moichendizing.  I still wish you would do a review of Mewtwo Strikes Back Evolution as well as the Cowboy Bebop remake for Netflix, The Matrix Resurrections which I'm sure will be s***, and perhaps the F-Zero anime..?
The movie is woke garbage. Don't see it.
I was on the fence about whether or not to see this movie in a theater, but your review convinced me to see it.
Im surprised Amazon didn't let people rent this for 20.00  Since Amazon now owns mgm
'at least watch it first' why would i waste my time if it doesn't look good?
this movie is garbage cmon
Are you doing a new camera setup? Seem like either to far away or too close, i haven't been here for a while
It was so good
Hey, nobody can hate on the guy having gorgeous eyes....lol I have a British friend who looks like Craigs friend....and when hes in US or abroad people compliment him on the street to tell him how beautiful his eyes are....🤷🏽‍♂️
Hey Chris, IDKY Quantum get such a bad wrap, at like an hour and a half long, it flys by, never boring good bond plot. I think its my personal fav. Danial Craig is the best bond, but all of his movies are just a little bit looong (Except Quantum). But especially Casino Royale, it has a 4th act and i never finish it. I always stop  when LeChiffre dies. But there's still almost 30 minutes of run time after he dies....boring 30 minutes. Skyfall is good through out but long, Spectre again 30 to 40 minutes of to longness. But this movie No Time to Die, more like 45 minutes to nap during the 2nd act. This one is by far Craigs worst and one of the worst in the bond catalog
Thank you for saying he is the best Bond of all time because a lot of people will agree!!
We live in a "Woke" era of cinema and gaming these days
Skyfall > Casino Royale > Spectre > No Time to Die > Quantum of Solace
Ok budd!! Shut the FK UP and review this movie!!! Your sick we're all sick ,so on with it!!🤔🤔😂😂
I went into this movie without watching a trailer or reading anything about it. And it was the first movie I watched in a cinema in more than 2 years. And what a movie! I loved it. Of course I am sad about Daniel Craig not being the Bond anymore, but that's just something I'll have to get over... By rewatching his movies.
Im so glad to see movies in the theater again! I felt we had few "woke" moments him groveling on his knees staling for time ( very out of character for Bond) and fact the white guy had too die again! How many heros do we need too kill off? Why couldnt he just get the girl have his happy ever after???  Few too many plot holes, you're telling me a EMP watch won't kill comms or nanobots? Not best writing in my 007 book... I did love banter with 007 she was very good and so was Q, Ana de Armas was stunning hope see more her in these types of movies! I give it a B!
I am going to see it but I don't feel like I should go see it in theaters but that is just me
I strongly disagree with what you said at about 9:20 because it's pretty evident that most Hollywood blockbusters nowadays are more concerned with profit than objective artistic quality meaning that if you want to have an impact on the movie industry as a paying customer the most effective way is to vote with your wallet. If you pay to see a film that is of objectively poor quality you are essentially saying to the movie industry "Keep making poor quality movies and you'll still make a profit because I'll pay for it". Keep that up and we'll have nothing but poor quality films.  This is why we have movie critics who give us an indication of whether a film is worth our time and money.
Amazing shirt Chris! Metroid Dread is a clear contender for game of the year. As for No Time To Die, I thought it gave great closure to Daniel Craig as 007.
So transform a James Bond in a crybaby who kill himself is the best James Bond?
I was expecting a twist at the end; a hint that he might have survived, but perhaps not telling mother and daughter so they could live in peace without him.
Too woke of a movie for me, and the fact you don't see that disappoints me Chris. You saying your Radar would turn on if they put stuff there just for political reason amazes me. It's obvious that's all political haha. By the way this is the first James bond movie that doesn't show a girl in a bathing suit.
Love the little touches, like the scientist swallows the USB drive then later when Bond hands it to Q who looks at it quizzically and asks “Where has this been?”
I’m sure people give billy eilish shit because she cares more about her persona than her music which is on par for everyone in the music industry today.  I don’t see many genuine artists today.
It was Daniel Craig’s blonde hair rather than blue eyes that put people off more Chris. I actually thought DC would make a great Bond when i saw him in Layer Cake in 2004 if he died his hair or wore a wig. Id love to have michael fassbender or tom hiddlestone as the new james bond
How did you not think this movie would ever come out
Daniel Craig has been the best Bond for sure. Brosnan was always my favorite because I grew up watching his movies, but Craig blew the role out of the water. It's going to be hard to top his!
No letter score?
Other than the Easter Eggs (like in the end, shooting in a circular tunnel refers to all the opening credits with the eyeball view of being shot by Bond), I was under-impressed with the movie. Past Craig Bond movies had an actual backstory of the bad guy--you knew where he got all the money for the expensive "bad guy lairs" and his civilian cover for why no intelligence agency bothered to look at his secret island with missile-proof bunkers and why he was out to wipe out so many human beings. you didn't need to suspend disbelief, and Quantum of Solace's point about water being more important than oil is topical. But this movie's bad guy only seemed to be there just to give Bond a target. He was such a rip-off of Dr. No, like the non Eon movie ripped off Thunderball.  And the love interest? wow, could she cry without a river of snot coming out of her nose? She obviously put on weight from the last movie, which likely fit being a mom, but what chemistry was really loveable about her, that would make a playboy forsake all others? I mean, compare her to actress Diana Riggs who played Tracy Bond. That woman had a natural playfulness...no wonder every man who watched her in the Avengers had a forever crush on her. When she dies, Bond's statement comes off more as a  mental fracture than any tears.  It has more of an impact (and George Lazenby wasn't even an actor, just a male model).   Speaking of Easter Eggs, it could have been nice if the David Browne 5 Aston Martin in the chase engaged its oil slicks or tyre shredders, but I'll guess Eon films couldn't get a permit for either act :) But the stunts sure were top notch, and you can see why an older Daniel Craig was willing to say goodbye to all that abuse.
People give it to Billie Eilish because she has a a cringe emo teen appeal which does not belong in James Bond. Keep that childish rubbish away from pristine franchises like this. Also, "give the artist the benefit of the doubt"... yea... with all the political / social rubbish shoved down our throats these days... lets give them a free pass. You're sounding like more of a shill every day Chris. Hope it benefits your movie making career.
No one’s gonna talk about how this movie basically ripped off MGS’ Foxdie argument? Also talk about moving away from stereotypes but not when they need a bad guy… then they would always be Russian.    Easily the worst of Craig’s films, and that’s saying a lot considering Quantum of Solace
The new 007 character just felt shoehorned in and didn't really add anything meaningful to the movie. If you completely removed the character the plot would be basically the same. It's clear that the character was not written for story development reasons.
I've read the books though I'm not a big fan of them. Craig is the closest to Bond in the books.
Blue pilled review
I'm so happy this is the last Craig / Bond movie... but I think the future is going to be even worst.😕
‼️SPOILERS‼️  I like the movie for what it was, but I think they went too far at some points…  The guy who “smiles too much” was just so cringe. He felt like a character from an animated kids movie.  And I do not have anything against homosexual people, at all, but I just don’t see the need for them to make Q tell us he is gay. I don’t think his sexuality is that important to his character, and it feels like at thing that “the suits” wanted to be in the movie, so they could get praise for it.  Nomi was an interesting character, in that she challenged Bond. But in the end I didn’t really feel like they used her character for anything special…   Also, as a Danish guy I’m so proud that Mads Mikkelsen (Le Chiffre) and Jesper Christensen (Mr. White) are in the Bond movies… but that russian professor in this one? (He is also Danish) he was so stupid… he too felt like an animated character kids would find funny. Good for the kids I guess…  My ranking of the movies is this:  Casino Royale Skyfall Spectre No time to die Quan-… I can’t say that name.
Also the score is excellent, in particular the Cuba action scene
Really Chris, the agenda wasn't so in your face? Like the scene where Bond is protecting his daughter (female roll) while his baby mama kills a henchmen (male role)? Or like when young Madelynn unloaded a full clip with ONE ARM (an eight year old girl) into Lutsifer or whatever his name was and pulled a grown man's body out to the yard (reminder an eight year old girl)? Right, the agenda setting is practically nonexistent. Either way, the dialog was too emotional and drab with no charm, I haven't seen a Bond movie this dour since Quantum of Solace or World Is Not Enough. Also, I thought Rami Malek's performance was too tryhard (like Eddy Redmane in Jupiter Ascending) didn't help that his character has really contrived motivations. Spy Thriller Primetime Made-for-TV Movie with a blockbuster budget right here.
This movie is great
I don't like the movie at all... the story is all over the place and Rami Malek is a weak character.
It tied all together Cary did a spectacular job
Saw it yesterday the film is a true masterpiece . The best bond film I ever seen perfect closer to Daniel love love love this film
I *JUST* saw this film. I don't yet know what to make of it ... but my first impression is that I don't care for it. It was like a mess. The plot was undefined and had no urgency despite pushing it. It was unbelievable, even for a Bond film. There was no strong through push to pull the film along and the third act fell very flat. I remember a very harsh and strange edit in the 2nd or 4rd act. It was a very straight cut even from the visual mise en scène perspective. They really pushed the tying up of loose threads and Rami Malek was actually mumbling his lines with the conversation with Bond. SPOLIER ALERT:    I don't care that Bond had a kid and that Bond died. I don't care about the new 007, etc. Nomi was fine but underdeveloped. I also NEVER felt chemistry between Bond and Swan. Craig seemed very tired and bored - even another person in the theatre thought so. Also, they undermined the integrity of M. He seemed shifty and outright evil in creating Hercules. Felix's death was WEAK. It was forgettable.   Better than SPECTRE, I think, but below Quantum of Solace. Craig was too bored in this one, sorry.
Sorry, but this film is AWFUL. 90 minutes too long, too much talking, only one decent action sequence (the chase round the Italian town - and most of that was in the trailers). Save yourself three hours of your life and stay home.
What happened to the rating?
Thank you for the review! I’ve missed watching the refreshing honest take you have on movies.
He called that little drug addict girl who sings the song, “talented”, what a fucking joke.
I still think Blofeld should've been Bond's final villain. How poetic they could've made the ending, with the two brothers ending each other in a final battle. Safin just feels too...inconsequential. To random.
This movie is basically the closest we will ever get to an Uncharted 4 movie!
It wasn't as woke as feared but you can still tell it's clearly there and ultimately they killed him off so they could replace him with something more PC in the next installment
while I agree with your Daniel Craig Bond film rankings, I 100 percent disagree with your claim that Craig was the best Bond...Not even in Bizarro World!
Chris is one of the few youtube critics who reviews movies fairly and doesn't go " it has a black woman she definitely want to replace bond OMG WOKE Agenda "
I really hoped this installment would have tried to push past Spectre, which ham fistedly tried to tie every Daniel Craig movie into an overarching series. The change in tone compared to previous Craig installments put me off a Spectre as well. This film seemed to be written by committee. While the action sequences were great, the plot was uninteresting. Malek is a great actor who could have been wonderful, but he was barely used and to little effect. Frankly, it seemed like the creators were more interested in checking boxes making sure special interest groups got their diversity, inclusion, and equity instead of focusing on making a great James Bond movie
the movie ripped off avengers endgame. *SPOILER ALERT*  bond is basically playing iron man. retires, something goes down then it cuts to 5 years later just for him to come out of retirement and die in order to protect his daughter and girlfriend while saving the world. ripped off marvel heavy. big let down :/ should’ve ended with spectre.
Do you still view VHS video tapes? I see them on you bookshelves.
SO HAPPY to see a review like this from you again.  Watching these reviews (whether you liked the movie or not,) always made me excited to see movies in the theatre 🍿 I’ve (forcefully) fallen out of that habit thanks to covid.  But plan on going next week to see The Last Dual.
The new 007 is sooooooo much better
The “007 ohh that must bother you” was added in later, and certainly felt shoved down the throat
I almost fell asleep during the second act.  Booooring.  A bunch of people also walked out before it ended.
I see you, Metroid t-shirt🙃
Been in training 3 weeks, kills 30 men without scratch. We got a Rey on our hands
Oh come one Chris this movie sucked and you know it.
Oh no, Chris Stuckmann wasn't crushing too hard at all...
Terrible review. I don't want to hear someone talk about how they "feel" for the 1st 5 min.  You lost me.  And the movie was a total disappointment.  Didn't feel like a Bond movie. The director tried to pack too much in to 1 movie and didn't let anything really develop.  It was like a meal of so-so appetizers with no main course.
I was not impressed by this movie and found the ending a bit boring. I'm glad this is Daniel's final film, I'm ready for a better Bond
Nobody gives a shit about your cold, guy! Why does every fucking YouTuber feel the need to tell people that they're getting over a cold?
"Giving people unnecessary shit" just about sums up the 2020s.
The ending should not have gone The way it did
For me this isn't the best bond film by Craig, I would probably give it a 7/10. I still don't know why they have to make the new 007 a woman. Her performance in the movie was below average at best. The CIA agent Ana De Armas played was so much better even with just 3 weeks of training, and she's been a double-O for two years. The villain isn't much of a villain either. I have to admit my expectations were pretty high but this is a stepped down from Skyfall and Spectre as a whole. Casino Royale is still the best out of the five hands down.
Are you gonna do Venom? and why didn't you grade the movie?
The references to OHMSS were spot on. One of the best of Craig's movies.
I agree Craig has been the best Bond. On leaving the cinema, I also felt a sadness that we wouldn't be seeing him again. However, I think that was also mixed with a sense of loss that Bond is gone and all we are left with is the number 007. What will they do next? Finally, how is it that a 5 minute cameo by Ana de Armas can be so great? Probably because a lot of the other acting was so so.
So Stuckmann is basically saying "even if you dislike the movie and know the direction it is gonna take, go and watch it anyways." No, Chris, it is my right as a customer not to support a crappy product. This Bond movie is mediocre at best. Bond is not Bond. He is sad and pathetic and he kills himself in the end cause he is too stupid to use his EMP watch
4:16 Billie Eilish can only mumble sing. She doesn't have much range and autotune makes up for the rest. There's not much skill going on there.
I just didn’t love this movie but I respect your opinion
That villain ruined the whole movie 🍿
People are weird, wait till you get into Hollywood bud
Spoilers ahead:      I’m still not a fan of him dying, it’s just kinda unnecessary, they should’ve had him become M or something
Dude!!! That Metroid shirt is sweet!!!
My favorite Bond as well god speed
Hate your face
Allot of re-shoots must of been done  to reduce wokeness
This is the movie I thought I never see come to theatres. Well that's true I will not watch this film.
I would place No Time To Die on second in the list of Craig Bond movies. Although, The new 007 character was just there for comic relief. Cutting her out of the movie would not change to movie a single bit - it would not even be a recut. Most funny testament to this is the scene in M’s office when she get’s ignored through the whole meeting.
Anche secondo me Daniel Craig rappresenta il miglior attore che abbia impersonificato Bond ma dei 5 film realizzati considero Casino Royale e Skyfall due Capolavori assoluti con la C maiuscola,gli altri,compreso NTTD,dei discreti film,niente di più...anzi a voler esser sincero,Quantum è terribile,un indegno seguito di Casino, e Spectre di una noia assurda,un buco nell'acqua....vabbe,in ogni caso,ci mancherai Daniel!
Ana de Armas was my favorite actor/character in the film!
I watched Spectre days before going to see NTTD. Spectre is the better movie - in fact, I think it will be reappraised in time. It only really falls apart when Bond reaches Blofeld's lair, which is followed by the daft ending with the MI5 building being obliterated and Bond shooting down a helicopter with a handgun. For the first two thirds it's a great Bond film. NTTD at no point resembles a great Bond film. I really, really wanted it to be good because I like DC in the role but the truth is the film is pants. Only Quantum is a worse DC/JB film.
Can’t wait for your raving review of the Fauci documentary!
This is the first movie I went to for opening weekend (so entire theater full). My only problem with it was the length, I did not pay attention to the production of this film because I hated the last one and Ana de Armas on stole Daniel Craigs thunder, I hope they can bring her back! I have a feeling a lot of people will go in and end up being confused due to this films connection with spectre (but I dont blame them because I dont think I will ever rewatch that one)
People who enjoyed bond did not just do so because he was a sexist but because the character was well written..todays bond is a sob story for entitled juvenile idiots who don't really go through much in their lives but are entitled to first class empathy..phoebe waller bridge is hated for being an opportunist n unoriginal pseudo feminist for shitting  down on something she cannot create on her own..but has all the right and opportunity to destroy because of entitlement! let me ask you something..why can't phoebe waller bridge create an original ip like flemming and do what she wants with it? why does she require a preestablished world loved character's cocoon to shine from? why does her opinion top the opinion of first class writers who change the world and inspire millions of people over decades? because entitled fools never get the real thing and they need to be a part of everything ..it is like having the last person to do this job promoted to full control of something they are incapable of understanding or doing justice with....and that is why even if they are where they are it does not even matter..go suck someones dick to get ahead in your career..p.s hire phobe waler bridge to write for you...complaining about people who have a problem with bond being seconded by entitled pseudo feminist nazis..who can kill anyone one or anything for their blind agenda..for whom the importance of good writing and equality are nothing in comparison to their 1st world problems..because only they matter after all..so you go girl!
Damn! this man get's like 20 cold's a year
I gave the artists the "benefit of the doubt" on three previous occasions and regretted it increasingly with each installment that followed "Casino Royale". I shan't be making that mistake a fourth time. I'm clearly not the target audience for these movies anymore. Which is fine. There are still 21 Bond films I find immensely enjoyable.
<< BOYCOTT THIS FILM >> Vote with your WALLET... Don't give them your money for KILLING JAMES BOND and for destroying almost every narrative within the James Bond narrative. This is the only way to send them a message... by speaking with your money. WITHOUT RESPECT, WE REJECT.
You have no idea what youa re talking about if you even consider this trash as Bond film. Craig destroyed bond beyond repair starting from Quantum of Crap. If you think this film is even good you are just a blind Craig fan nothing else.
Rate ur fav bond films!
Chris is full soy tbh
I wish you would stop summarizing the plot in your reviews. I click on one of your videos, within 10 seconds you have summarized the first part of the movie, and I click away because I don't want to hear it.
shaved neck.
I've never disagreed more with a movie review in my life.
Wonderful review as always, Chris. I enjoyed No Time to Die and thought it was a satisfying sendoff to the Daniel Craig's James Bond.
I totally agree Daniel Craig is THE James Bond. Great movie
I just saw this movie, and it was fantastic, a great send off.. I’ve seen many reviews, and I assumed it was going to be a disaster- you hear the word “woke” being thrown around a lot. After viewing the movie, I can only assume ppl threw around “woke” due to a black woman playing the role of 007- and, nothing else. So I decided to unsubscribe to all those type of reviewers.. they inject their personal bias, worldview, and ideologies unto movies recklessly.   This movie was great, of course not perfect, but I enjoyed it a lot.. especially seeing it on the big screen- it was a wonderful experience. Farewell, Mr. Bond, until we meet again..
1. Casino Royale 2. Skyfall  ....  Rest
I didn't really like it. Then again, I'm not a Bond fan, so I don't know why I even went and watched it in the first place.
I miss the theater too man
Went Monday to see it. I’ve have seen everything Bond film and own the dvd, plus a radio version produced in South Africa. 2 hours into it I walked out.  I haven’t liked any of the Craig films with maybe the exception of Quantum of Solace. All they have done it turned into PC trash.
Skyfall will always be the best James Bond movie ever made
Is nobody bothered that the plot is essentially what has just happened?
Stuckmam!!! Yes it was a great film but the studio destroyed the legacy of James Bond with this rendering.  This was the least Bondish film ever made.  Good action movie. Unfortunately, James Bond was benched for this one.
Great review. I agree with you insofar as some people have their minds made up about this movie BEFORE they have seen a single shot. I thought DC as Bond was amazing and he was the heart of the movie. All the women were strong characters who had their own lives and were not there to simply service Bond. Ana de Armas was a standout but I loved all the characters. I thought the movie reflected our modern times but its never preachy. I thought it was serious too but there were many funny moments.
Has anyone also felt a major Metal Gear Solid influence in this movie? Like with the whole nanobots already inside you, Q in the aircraft giving intel like otacon in mgs4
I’m a huge Bond fan, but this Bond movie felt like the Lifetime Woman’s Channel or Oprah got ahold of it.  The plot got all sappy, soap opera-ish, and melodramatically predictable, and the odd-looking-for-no-reason villain gave me no reason to understand or care about his motivation. And what?  James Bond dies?!  The whole point of James Bond is that he’s clever enough to find a way out of the situations he’s put in.  What with his gadgets and all.  And 3 hours?  That’s far too long for a spy caper.  This ain’t supposed to be a drawn out biopic or Beaches!  It’s Bond… James Bond!  And 007 IS MORE than just a number.  25 movies said so!
"Just go see the movie" *me going* *Bond dies* What...the...fuck??? Another long-time male lead role gone...Skywalker, Dr. Who, He-man, now Bond... Fuck you Hollywood.
Great review mate - Casino is my fave too 👍🇬🇧
The plot was interesting but the editing and some of punch lines was too much...
please please please make a review on Squid Game
I didn't care about the villian much, wished he was fleshed out more. I didn't like the character played by Lashana Lynch, felt most of her dialogue was simply cringe and irritating. Having said that, she did redeem herself towards the end of the film where she was on board with reinstating Bond as 007 - as he should be. She also helped out on the island, so I began to like her then. However she was definitely inserted for political reasons which I do not agree with. The film overall though was well done, well polished, excellent action sequences and a solid cast of talented actors/actresses. Have to say also Ana de Armas is like the perfect 'Bond girl', smart & attractive.
It's Craig not Creg....
No time for action. Worst Bond film ever. All the best stunts are in the official trailer. Everything else just sentimental, boring dialogue. Theme tune sucks. Black female 007? The land-rovers chase was more Top Gear than Bond. Blofeld scene was useless. Gunfights = baddy shoots, Bond hides for 2 seconds, then peeps out to shoot baddy. Rinse and repeat. Craig is great and other Bond films great … this is a turkey. Nice titles though.
I liked the movie.
Please do a review for I am mother
this movie is a perfect representation of the world we live in now. Good old Bond and new "exotic" Bond, villan that has no real power, no special skills, he cant even shoot straight. And the end of the movie that has never happened before. I will probably not watch bond movies again if they continue with this narrative. Shame.
Ugh the worst Bond you mean, he is the second Bourne. Killing Bond a guy thay was never trusted by MI6, his boss, a wannabe Bourne who kills for no reason, who does not impersonate the character, who is being told on every film that is unnecessary or obsolete, who kills cold blood without getting something in return, constantly tracked without agency, constantly being relegated and beaten regulary.   An actor who dislikes the character, that buries the character for years under a boring hearthless soulless interpretation where Bored was or bored or depressed.  You want to see a decent film? Watch Shang Chi, and I hate Marvel.
I don't get why everyone loves Casino Royale so much.  It was a competent film, and the subtle yet effective acting of Mikkelsen was very good.  But I thought the film was kind of boring, especially after Le Chiffre goes out with a whimper.  Skyfall was a lot more fun to watch, with more twists and turns and a more mature and likable performance by Craig.  He doesn't suck on fingers either, which is always a plus.  I also prefer my Bond villains to take center stage, and not serve as mere fodder for some "organization".  So as much as I like Mads, I wouldn't rank Le Chiffre high on the list of compelling Bond Villains.  I like my Bond villains to be ambitious and insane, not frightened and desperate.  Sorry.
This movie was honestly a big fuck you to longtime bond fans. It was an almost perfect movie until the ending, which was honestly just lazy, uninspired, and completely unlike the mythological standing of James Bond and his character. I don’t know at which point this franchise went from being enjoyable & visceral to just downright depressing & nihilistic. Myself and dozens of people I know would’ve watched this film multiple times in the theatre, now I probably will not even rewatch on streaming
This felt like a crap review in my opinion
Hey Man.....A very good and honest review...
Got the Rona?
This band movie will flop to kill off James bond and replace him with a woman is a tragedy   with a political statement is the end but that's the age we are living in right now everything has to have to be politically correct...RIP MR BOND...
Watch psycho goreman plz
This movie made me cry         Twice
This is now my favorite bond film lol.
There's only 1 rule you absolutely must follow when making a James Bond movie: Bond can't die. If Bond dies, you've fucking ruined everything. That's all that has to be said.
I think whoever wrote this one shouldnt have. They werent a Bond fan. They gave craigs bond a lonely broken ending and didnt offer his character the redemption he deserved. They did him dirty making james bond die like he did. It was low. The villain was also just a boring, it was mr robot with a swedish accent and a japanese outfit. Cuckoo!  Edit: AND THEY KILLED FELIX!!!!!!! RIP FELIX
Actual review starts at 6:48
Please review Oats Studios on Netflix! You’ll never know what to expect.
It's Metal Gear Solid 4 No time to foxdie
Didn't have to watch the movie to know it's Garbage.  I saw everything I needed to know in the first trailer.
Im as big of a Daniel Craig Bond fan as you, but i disagree with you on this one.  I didnt care for it, not worth the 1 year delay, wayyyy to far fetched story, many boring moments, many good monents too.  Love the ending how they killed him off, good chase scenes, but didnt like Rami at all, loved him in Queen, but not this film.  This film cant hold a candle to Casino Royal, which is my favorite Bond movie of all time.  Sorry i was just disapointed, i know when i get restless in a Bond movie something is missing.  I will agree with you though, Daniel Craig was by far the best guy to ever play James Bond.  i think the whole island thing, with those dudes in the water and the plants and garden were not very well thought out, just a bad plot.
All do respect but Connery was the best because he actually acts throughout each film. Craig's Bond is good but hardly flamboyant or as witty as Connery. Craig's Bond movies also feel like the action is the main thing. With Connery the script between say Goldfinger and Bond or Diamonds 💎are Forever with Blofield is so delicious.
I'm glad that Daniel Craig didn't have spectre  his last one beasue james bond no time to die is better than spectre
He should review squid game
This movie is so bittersweet and emotional. The end was beautiful even though sad.
Definitely the best Bond actor
Watched it today, I thought it was a fitting conclusion to the Daniel Craig saga.
I liked it, but I'm easy to please with James Bond movies. Every James Bond movie has something that makes me want to see it again and again. And I never understand the hostility Daniel Craig got as James Bond even from the beginning of his tenure in the role. He's my second favorite Bond, after Sean Connery.  However, I wasn't a fan of the new 007. I just couldn't get into the character. I found Rami Malek's villain pretty weak and didn't understand what exactly his plan was. And, I didn't like the theme song. I just don't care much for her voice. I know nothing about Billie Eilish--I know I didn't even spell her name right--but I just didn't care for her voice. She may be talented--I know she co-wrote the song--but it just wasn't for me. And I didn't like Sam Smith's Writing's on the Wall from Spectre, again, because I just don't like his voice.  But, I found this movie entertaining from beginning to end and wasn't even aware of its nearly 3 hour run time. I was also fine with the ending, although I know that's going to be incredibly divisive.
I would love to go to the theater but the comic book movies woke movies and constant sequels keep me from going. Hollywood needs to get back to some original content.
As soon as he says "Quantom of" press the left arrow to rewind 5 seconds and see the magic happen.       Quantom of Stupid
looking mighty white. i think this might have been the worst of the daniel craig movies. its weird how everyone of the craig villains say they are just like him. spectre is my favorite
I was born in 1962 the year of the first Bond movie. The excitement of each Bond movie being released over the years was amazing. Yes some better than others, but you walked out of the theatre lightheaded at times with excellent . I want that gadget, that car, to see that island in the Caribbean. Oh to have his skills and training he had. After seeing No time to die I walked out of the theatre in disbelief. The future 007 films can never be called a James Bond movie. Question? Why did producers feel the need the only way Bond could die was by his own Country killing him? Why did we need to know the sexual orientation of Q after all these years? We’re the writers that lazy that they couldn’t come up with  another number for the new double 0. Blofeld dies without a fight. Felix gone. If they wanted to start with a clean slate than just do it no need to kill everyone off in the way they did. A franchise of 59 years is dead. If it isn’t broke ?
Its crazy how critics vary from an absolute positive or negative side, no middle ground. I respect Chris' opinion so Im gonna give it a chance!
It is a horrible film. Don't watch it. Don't listen to this fool.
This movie sucked!!!👎👎👎👎
Ahhhh.....I liked it... but it was sloppy...it was definitely number 3 from his series.
Chris you can't be serious, have you seen the shit Pheobe Waller says and posts???  People were upset becasue she is a feminist... who the fuck thought it was smart for a FEMINIST to write an alpha male who is known for killing , destroying and fucking extremely attractive women while maintaining a smooth/calm demeanor as he SAVES THE WORLD!  Mission successful. They destroyed James Bond.
I would love to see you rank or tier list every single bond movie
This movie was extremely disappointing another great action hero dies to wokeness.   Enter strong black female bond were not even sure deserves to be a double 00 while strong masculine white male bond looses EVERYTHING.   Atleast I have Casino Royal, Skyfall and all the past movie's.  Oh also Superman is now gay, what else will they destroy....
Just saw this and gotta say I left the movie sad too. I couldn’t believe the Daniel Craig Bond run was over. I’ve enjoyed his take on Bond for the last 15 years and didn’t want it to end.   I wasn’t 100 percent satisfied with how the movie ended. I liked the action and thought it looked great. If you pay attention to the plot then you will see where it kinda lacked compared to the others. I wanted Bond to end in a different way but I understand the way they ended it. Daniel Craig was a fantastic Bond and his movies will be rewatched every bondathon.
FANTASTIC review.  Agreed on all points.  It really nailed me too and I loved every second of it.  It’s not just the end of the Craig era, but the end of a period of time for me that means a whole lot.  My wife passed away two years ago, we saw Skyfall together, and Spectre was my daughters first movie experience in a theater…..she was born three weeks earlier and was there, hearing protection and all on opening night.  It was a fitting end to a fantastic run of Bond films that were during a period of growth for me.  Goodbye Mr. Bond, however, James Bond WILL return.  You have a new subscriber.
Phoebe is a crap writer And it has nothing to do with her being a woman.       Because you are stuck, On your own ignorance. After 4 years I have to unsubscribe from you.
I just got back from seeing No Time To Die with my dad and my brother, and we freaking loved it. I think I'd give it a 9/10. Casino Royale is still my favorite too, but man, this was so good, and I cried twice in the movie. I'm also very sensitive to movies throwing agendas down my throat. I freaking hate it. Like that Matt Damon movie Downsizing -- great idea, but went WAAAY too political with it and I thought the movie was just awful in the end. But like you said, I never felt that way about No Time To Die at all. It was all handled really, really well. This was just such a great conclusion to the Craig era, and now we have a perfect set of a five-movie storyline with a definitive beginning and end, and this quintet is just such a wonderful collection of how to do a series well. I've been slowly getting my best friend through the James Bond series as he never grew up on them like I have, and I can't wait till we get to Casino Royale so we can start the best bits of the series.
Loved the movie. BUT, I don't see how they are gonna continue this movie franchise now? In the next movie, is nothing that happened No Time to Die, gonna matter at all?
You have to see this movie in IMAX, don't make the mistake  I did and see it in a normal theater with high school kids talking and crumbling plastic bags for an hour.
Michael fassbender should be next bond
They said the same damn thing about Roger Moore’s blue eyes in James Bond
I love this film! Waited so long I had to see it in IMAX! I've seen nearly all of the Bond films on the big screen. Good review! I noticed the aspect ratio changes were between an ultra wide and 16x9. It never went full top to bottom (4x3 IMAX) like a Nolan film. It's already formatted for the home screen. Still it was great to see this much anticipated film in an IMAX theater!
Worst conclusion to a Bond movie ever, in my opinion.
big bond fan here as well, no spoilers, hardcore read the fleming books this is a you only live twice adaptation, the thing with that book is that at the time fleming was severly depressed just how i came out of the theaters, and i always thought they wouldnt have the notion of killing of a character, i would have been better with the idea, if bond was shot, and ended up in the hospital, and it ends with did he die or didnt kind of like the sopranos ending of going to be black, fleming didnt want to do anymore bond so he killed him off in the novel as well, and had a baby, so its fleming, but to be honest i dont think fleming really wanted that, and readers at the time didnt either, its hard to see a character go, that lived with us for so long, shaped cinema, modern day blockbuster, even going to the stunt show in the peterson exhibit the bond in motion makes you appreciate the stunt a whole of alot more, i dont think i can watch this again, i have to give it some time, as a yolt adaptation, i mean we dont get a fight with bond and blowfeld, samuri, which would have been wicked, and there is alot to like and alot to dislike,  for fleming purist, they wouldnt go this way since, all the other bonds never did it felt like they were desperate with the stakes, but i can still hold bond the other films as seperate they allude to majsties a great film, on this, which has no basis, since craig run is a reboot, the ending of her talking to the kid about his name was so weird, bond says his name as a gimic, his name isnt bond james bond, what did an indian bollywood director write the ending oh i know that girl that probably hates bond wrote, sorry still hate billy ellish like some of the imagery not that much, it wasnt a great representation, rami is great as the villian i liked his manerisms and cadence, the pre title sequence with the car was great, but it took pieces of YOLT, that no one wants to see, since fleming himself said not to film that and TSWLM, but only true fans would know, craig franchise, always been desperate, and its the worst parts of yolt, that made it bad, that no one didnt like, but i will re read it, and i wish rami survived, cause i would have loved to see a samuri fight with him and bond in the future, but not cartoonish, but great, but this is just an interpretation, it felt nolan directed this at times, and maybe the franchise had nolanisms but this went full out, but bond should be given to the right people, sorry for the tangent i lost my shit just like star wars fans with star wars movies, there are aspects i liked, and some that felt to die another day, at least that director didnt kill bond and i applaud him for that,. I wish i can find someone like your wife that likes bond as well. that would be nice, and i wish i had a chance to go to japan with a friend, and he promised me, but never went to fruition.
People are wierd do very true  Cause everyone is unique and of great value. This movie ? Eh Still on the fence A second watch with a mental ckeanser perhaps
Lots of copium here.
Review DUNE!
Looks too woke for me.  I'll pass.
For sure best Bond of all time. People have their opinions but as you said he really dedicated himself to the role over the years. The whole new take on Bond is so great because it turned 007 into the gritty semi-realistic take that I think we always wanted. And he just plays the character so damn well. I'm always thrown off when I watch him in interviews because he is so energetic and upbeat irl. He literally convinced me he was a secret agent who kills people. That is a good actor. What does suck is that I feel like his acting career will be tied to this role. Oh well he can't possibly regret it.
Very good review because it agrees with my own thoughts :) Ana De Armas should be in the next movie as the CIA agent; she's good. Lashana Lynch should also have a role as she's an ass-kicking bitch. I also want to see Moneypenny in a sexy role because I almost lost it when she shaved Bond.
I think this best Daniel Craig series directed movie.. Actions were ultimate
Definitely the best Bond of all time
It wasn’t the most memorable bond movie but wow this was such an incredible finale for Daniel Craig’s Bond and he will be missed.
Yes the same my fav 007 Thanks Daniel!
I'm afraid I'll have to disagree with you a bit my Friend. If whomever is in charge of marketing a film does so by indicating that a film will be a certain way, or if rumors speculate about a film going into a "Woke" direction, or if there's any indication that a film will have a woman putting down a man or any forced thing like that, you should definitely be cautious before you see that movie. I think that would be a terrible idea to just go and support a movie even if there's evidence it will be like that. We as the audience should not support stupid Hollywood-Agenda driven movies such as The Last Jedi or Birds of Prey etc. I may eventually watch it because I trust your judgment, but I don't think it's unreasonable to be a little cautious given that this is starting to become a terrible habit of Hollywood
I hope your body is fully recovered soon.  And don't worry about the title.  Nothing wrong with going back to something that works when, well, it works.
My name is Woke, James Woke
Has your head been working out?
I just watched some other reviews and they all pretty much trashed it. A couple were positive but the haters were really pissed. They seem to think that Bond should be this super macho womanizer that never changes or grows as a person. Then they go after this whole wokeness of it. I guess they just can’t realize that time’s change and people other than white males have a role to play in society. That’s not to mention their view of the ending. No spoilers from me. As in my earlier post, I enjoyed the movie and thought it touched all the bases it needed to. All the actors did a masterful job and it’s flaws were minimal.
Chris, I need the link for that shirt, thank you very much.
I thought it was bang average tbh
I would rate:  1) Quantum of Solace - because he truly became Bond/007 2) Casino Royale 3) Skyfall 4) Tied between Spectre and No Time to Die
The American pronunciation of Craig is painful. Daniel Creg.... :\
Agreed. The movie itself didn't set off any alarm bells with regards to disingenuous intentions in order to be 'woke' or 'virtue signal' - but the marketing campaign sure as shit did - which is plainly why people saw it as a Red Flag that Phoebe... etc etc was involved - not because she was a woman. The 1st half was awesome - 2nd was still good - but weighed down by its serious baggage.
I’ve been waiting to hear your take on this film, I’m very relieved now.
Why can't Americans say the name Craig?! 🤣
How was this even a review? 😂😂😂
I literally only agree with like…20% of your reviews. But I love the way these videos are executed and put together, so I keep watching 😂 Good work and thanks for the great content!
Basically you're so starved for content that the theater experience justifies the fact that it's the only Bond movie where James Bond actually dies and is replaced with a woman... Congratulations you're a douche
U need to see Old Henry
1. Casino Royale (10 out of 10 - A masterpiece)  2. No Time to Die (9.5 out of 10) 3. Skyfall (9 out of 10)  4. Quantum of Solace (8.5 out of 10) 5. Spectre (7.5 out of 10)
You’re not an intelligent man. You know what kind of writing Phoebe does. Very dishonest
No we just give Billie Eyelash shit because of the stupid things she says.
He has a wife? I thought he is gay.
Lets keep it real. This movie should've been with Ana de Armas (Paloma) and Daniel Craig (Bond). It was a huge missed opportunity. Lashana Lynch (Nomi), was such an incredibly weak character. Literally present only to bite off Bond's shadow. The biggest issues with this movie stem from a weak villain and a very weak co-star. It felt like Ana de Armas was supposed to be the co-star, but she couldn't commit to the whole movie, so the director had to make a choice: Get someone else to co-star and take Ana out completely, or have someone else co-star and give her at least some screen time. If the issue was money, I'd throw as much money as I could to Ana. She alone would have spread so much word of mouth, box office numbers would have likely doubled. Instead we get Lashana Lynch in one of the most uninspired 007 characters ever made. I nearly fell asleep in the theater watching her.
Lashana Lynch was excellent in this. Her and Bond's evolving working relationship was a breath of fresh air.   None of the preachy wokeness that people seemed to go on about.
i rarely cry during cinema, but i aint ashamed to admit my ass was borderline sobbing lol
You better review dune!! Or we are gonna have some serious problems Chris stuckman!!!!!
🐐
007 white James Bond replaced by a black female 007. Nothing to notice here.  Sgt Fury -- white comic book character for about 50 yrs,  replaced by a black actor in the movies, Golly what progress.  Dr Who, always a male character, replaced by a female,  nothing to see here.  Iron Man comics  replaces white male with a teenage black female girl "Riri Williams", strong black woman.  Ice Man from the comic books, turned into a gay character, nothing to see here.  Rawhide Kid, had a comic run as a gay cowboy, no dots to connect here.   Captain Marvel, a male in Fawcett comics and then in Marvel, replaced a black female and then a white woman. Nothing to take note of here. And somehow Captain Marvel, the original character, due to copyright or some jazz is not SHAZAM in the movies.  And Thor will be a FEMALE in the new movie. Again, no dots to connect, white males are not being re-********. I can't say the word because that's Tiki Torch talk isn't it. And wouldn't males notice first if somehow all of their characters were disappearing into the ether, well they would and the gleeful writers that made it their purpose in life to make the world RIGHT. So please, fight the next war females. We men will stay home and watch porn. We don't need you anyway.     : )
Thumbs down squad let’s go
*SPOILER*          I think it's weird how the EMP watch didn't disable the Heracles nanobots
It definitely felt like they were trying to force an agenda down our throats during the film, even myself as a person of colour felt a bit offended . That’s where Hollywood tends to fail when giving roles to the people of color(all people of color) . We are not asking for roles that have been portrayed by Caucasian actors. We want our own roles (that are not stereotyped) that can have the same amount of praise and box office success without relying on political and social issues or vilifying an entire race to seem, “Woke” . Even Mr. Bond himself stated this in a recent interview when asked if a minority should play bond. It’s time for the people of color to get weird in movies and get edgy and become something more than what society views us as. 🤷🏾‍♂️
I'm a life long Bond fan, but I have to disagree with you, this was worse than Die Another Day. I felt very let down this movie, the car chases were horrible, it was a very predictable movie , that was about an hour longer than it needed to be.
They need Martin Campbell, only he can make a good Bond movie, rest of the directors r pile of turd, why the fuc. they dont ask Martin
Billie Eilish theme is really bad, but I do love Tina Turners theme song because it is one of the most iconic bond songs ever made. Oh and did I mention - she is a woman too.
Torn because I loved Craig's performance. Felt like the most gritty and human of all his movies. Rest of the cast didn't seem to get their time to shine. Cinematography, action scenes, audio, all incredible. The story and plot holes kind of held the movie back from being incredible. Still loved it regardless.
Amusingly, I have the same rankings.
Sellout...like Grace Randolf.
Craig was your favorite Bond. He's craiggy all right. Butt ugly. Connery forever.
I actually LOVE Spectre! One thing that’s really cool about Spectre is that for those who don’t like the ending of No Time To Die, they can just pretend like Spectre was the last Daniel Craig Bond movie. It ended so beautifully. 😭 Furthermore . . .  The ending of Spectre always stayed with me. It meant so much to me knowing Bond got a happy ending — so much so that I was actually fine with that being Craig’s final run as the character. The bridge scene when he spares Blofeld and walks away with Madeleine was so well done, and the music really gave it that heartfelt impact. I knew if Daniel Craig came back for another, that it would be a complete ending, but not a happy one. At least he had an honourable send off. I’m very please with his run as Bond and the depth brought to the character.
No time to die, Daniel Craig’s final Bond movie sucks!  Bond is an emotional wreck and Bond is no longer a womanizer, a man’s man type of personality either.  He still tough but is sort of bizarre personality of a twenty something now.  Bad ending too! ☹️👎. Ladies who usually swooned on James Bond left the theater in shock!😝
Fuck the haters. The movie was badass, and Daniel Craig went out with a banger. The best Bond movie to date for me.
Loved the movie....hated the ending. . . .Spoilers . . . . . . . Bond has always been the dude who will do anything for King and Country.  They play up, even more so with Daniel Craig, how the women in his life always die.  And I know, usually, at the end of most Bond films he gets THAT girl.  But its always felt like it was just a fling.  Bond chasing after the women of the film and that is all.   And while I know what the ending of the film was to mean to the character in No Time to Die, and I understand the choice that was made by Bond, I liked Spectre as Bond finally got a break.  A happily ever after.  He got a much needed retirement with a woman he cares for.  Only to have this movie fully rip the rug right out from under the character and gives him the choice of letting the ones he loves survive, or live himself.   It puts the character in the position of sure....why not.  We've tortured this character why not end it with the same suffering, even if its bitter sweet.  And while I can appreciate that IRL there are no happily ever afters.  This is a movie, not real life.  I've had 3 relatives die in 2020/21, I don't need more reminders that life is shit.   Bond deserved a sendoff that let him enjoy having a family.  Nor for 1 act but for going forward after the film.  This would be like A New Hope ended and immediately in The Empire Strikes back the Empire started bombing Yavin immediately killing off Han and Chewie.  Is that more accurate about war?  Sure but the story wasn't about accuracy.   Honesly the movie end ruined it for me.  It would have been a solid 9 out of 10 but with that ending and the more I think about it.  7.  PS-  I don't give a crap that the new 007 is a woman.  She rocks.  That is all I care about.
Worst Bond. They should have quit after Brosnan... R.I.P...
People arnt weird because they don't like something. A blonde, blue eyed Bond goes against the grain and will alienate hardcore fans, the theme tune is boring and dull, and saying people don't like a writer because they are a woman it's getting boring.
people give billie eilish shit because she's NOT talented her brother is. she basically has nothing to do with her songs except singing then WITH auto tune so her brother pretty much makes all her songs and he gets no credit for it
Craig is definitely the best bond. It's a shame the producers were only able to create one timeless film (Casino Royale) with him in the last 15 years. No time to die was the best made and most beautifully looking bad movie. No takeaways, no meaning, no mystery, no suspense. Hopefully the next one is better.
“Because I guess she’s a woman” think a little harder, mate 🤣 don’t play dumb
This movie was everything I wanted and more. Brilliant film and end to this saga. It's was filled with heart-thumping action but incredibly emotional as well. I'm glad to hear that you loved it Chris!
Man that shirt is dope
<3
dune review pleeeeeeease
Just wanna tell you my little story. I remember this movie should've been released last year, and i promised to my dad to take him to watch No Time To Die. Sadly, i lost my father last year 29 September 2020. 366 days later after he's passed this movie released. 1 day after the day my father passed away. And oh boy, i never expected to cry while watching 007. The whole perfect goodbye plot in this movie makes me cry alot. I remembered my dad, he loves watching espionage movie especially 007 and M:I. The last 15 minutes of the movies, all i could think is, "i wish father could see this ending and i wanna know what his reaction". Literally tearjerker. Thanks Dad, thanks 007.
I saw Casino Royale and it was ok. I've never watched any of the other Bond movies and probably won't see this one either.
The worst James Bond movie ever. Absolute trash.
Why can’t Americans say Craig?
Hope you review the last duel by Ridley Scott
Have I seen any James Bond movies? No. Do I care about James Bond's place and in and impact on pop culture? Maybe a little, but not really. Have I seen ANY of Chris Stuckmann's other Bond videos? Also no.   So somebody tell me why I saw this on my recommended videos and just HAD to hear Chris' thoughts?! x'D
I really don't like Daniel Craig as bond. But then again Bond was always meant to be a cheezy action movie series that reminds me of being a kid.  I never wanted the bond movie franchise to grow old with me and become more gritty and real aka "The Bourne Identity" which it very heavily took inspiration from for the Craig movies.  But if others enjoy it good for them But Bond growing, changing and being reinvented through the years is a bit ridiculous in my mind.
Chris, you scared me for a minute with that thumbnail, I thought you weren't gonna like it. I'm happy you did, I liked it quite a bit myself. The Craig Era would go 1. Skyfall 2. Casino Royale 3. No Time To Die 4. Spectre  5. Quantum of who cares?!
Yeah, we just want James Bond..the British man...as created by Fleming. Anything else is a cheap political counterfeit. Your new job is clouding your judgment. Maybe you should keep the review to yourself.
Dude, RATE THE MOVIE!!!!!!
Enjoyed it, but is it alright to say that while it was a fitting ending it was also incredibly telegraphed?
Finally a review that likes the movie
missed you buddy
The reason people don't like Pheobe Waller Bridge isn't cause she is a " women " it's because she is there to sacrifice Bond at the alter of agenda.  I don't want a hardcore feminist involved in creative decisions on a Bond film. Why can't we just have something that retains what made it great ? We have seen the death of Star Wars , Terminator , Doctor who, Star Trek , Ghostbusters etc with people like Pheobe Waller Bridge being hired to inject modern woke agenda into our beloved franchises and now she is off to do the same to Indiana Jones.
Fuck Blackwashing
James Bond cannot be played by a Black Woman that’s an blatant disrespect to the original writings of Ian Fleming and Albert Broccoli.- Asian Male
Are you still pairing big blockbuster with smaller indie movies?
I thought you weren't doing blockbusters reviews as their own video anymore?
Good ending.....  Not always a happy typical Hollywood ending...
You need to upgrade to 4k.
This movie was really good I enjoyed it the ending made me cry a little and I know they’re going to rebuild him to another person or are they going to have the woman who is in this movie as 700
WTF, they KILL OFF JAMES BOND. This movie sucked, horrible ending, I paid money at  the Chinese Theater on it's 1st night to have that happen. Then, last Easter Egg is JAMES BOND WILL BE BACK, again WTF, they blew him up into tiny pieces. Only good thing about the movie was Ana de Armas and the Aston Martin DB5, sigh😑.
I heard that as "I'm getting over a cult." and I was like... what? Oh yeah... Oh wait, no he said 'cold'.
Loved the film, but I genuinely hated the ending. But, yeah overall it was a good film. And as I work in a cinema in the U.K. I can tell you people are coming back to cinemas and they are enjoying themselves, it's great to see :)
Whats with the dislikes?
Amazing Movie! Bond found something to live for and after so many years hidding emotions, as a more mature and wiser person, he decided to showed his emotions. Is human nature, part of the maturing process. The whole cast truly did an excellent job, adding to the end result, a fantastic and unforgettable Bond movie.
Another awesome review as always brotha. Love your insight but most importantly your love for the ART of film making and storytelling. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I've been a Bond fan for most of my 48 years. Forget what you've read online, just go watch the movie!!! I'm like you, I love going to the theater, I missed my large popcorn and cherry coke, but most importantly watching a movie on the big screen, now there isn't anything more American than that!!
😵 Chris... are you aware some people following some of your posts  are getting "notified" with sleazy comments with nudie icons? 😎
I HAAATED this movie. They ruined this franchise. They couldn't just let him and Madeline ride off into the sunset. Just a dumb film
Why can't the yanks pronounce the name 'Craig' properly?
I don't listen at what people think I judge the movie for myself great review right on
Your shirt is legendary. Great video also
My Daniel Craig James Bond Ranking: 1. Skyfall 2. Casino Royale 3. Spectre 4. No Time to Die 5. Quantum of Solace
The movie basically took the plot of Logan and replaced mutants with spies
OMG,  the movie is woked in a soaptv drama with action clips movment to give some something good to the people, like the best in the movie is to short in the movie, paloma is so good that we forgett the shitty lines pheobe has given her,  like it only takes women like her 3weeks training to be a top agent....but makes me most irritaited is all the rumors was true we gotten over a year ago, and the funny thing is they say james bond will return? How? They killed off leitner, the spectre, the blofeld and off corse james bond, and only the queer and strong women survive this movie, most men dies..... i vould have give the movie 3/5 if bond havent died, then it flopp straight to hell to 1/5 worst movie along with quantum o solace..... also see u are not a real james bond fan.
With all the respect in the world “just watch it” can’t exactly happen when people avoid agendas being spoon feed to us like the plague. I stopped watching football because I hate current event style topics in entertainment. Keep in mind i’m a Latin guy saying this but if Bond had always been and old white guy? Making him a black woman is an obvious move to corral people’s minds and opinions down a road via an established character… I’m not sitting thru another The Last Jedi if I know I’m having someone’s political and social problems forced into a storyline in a movie where you need to suspend reality. We go to these kinds of movies to escape not be reminded. It’s not like this is Philadelphia (film not city). Now on the flip side I also understand how people of color hold more important jobs these days and how probable this is in today’s statistics vs Sean C’s days as 007. Yeah, we get more options in “the white man’s world” but again, this has a multi decade history of old white guy vibes from the country that’s famous for old white guys…
My Favorite Daniel Craig Bond. Best to worst.  1) Skyfall  2) Casino Royal 3) Spectre (sue me) 4) Quantum Solstice  5) No time to die
Why cant you pronounce Craig
Trolling with Metroid lol
Spoiler       Kinda hated this movie. Nanobots is somehow 1 step too far for me in a Craig James Bond movie. Also never bought Bond's relationship. Also I would watch just Ana de Armas' character for like 5 movies. Weird they haven't used her more here. (I know the story for her but still).
Maliks character lacked any depth and his storyline was weak. When the coloured lady with the big ass and shit attitude turned up, the film took a dive.  Sad that the bond franchise is now over. I really can’t see where they van take it now:
The only reason I go to see the 007 is to see RAMI Malek, he has always been a very serious talented and professional actor that picked great movies and director and the studio sees his talent as well , he is a true actor ; also i am there to see Ana De Armas and I am so happy she doesn't have to sleep with James Bond ( yeah, not all girls want to sleep with Bond, seriously , not interested ) , she is fun, exciting,  beautiful , strong and independent,  she treats Bond like a colleague and team and not some sex symbol of a sexual surrogate . Good job , that's my girl.  Lastly , Daniel Griag you will be missed you are good , and you had been quite professional as well, so thank you ;  nonetheless,  time to move on for some younger actors or actresses to play the 007. No time to die ? Time to move on ! ❤😂
A lot of people want a good lifestyle but the way they spend can't see them get that lifestyle anytime soon the better  rich invest more and spend less
Totally agree, kind of glad that I saw some review titles talking bad about the movie, so I had no big expectations.  But man did I enjoy it, I saw the end coming from quite far away, but it was the best and maybe only way for the Craig era to end.
Am I the only one who saw the end of this movie?! It wasn't just Daniel Craig's last James Bond, it was James Bond's last James Bond. They killed off the character, did they not? Its amazing how few people are talking about that.
If this film bombs, then hopefully the lesson Hollywood takes from it bombing is to not put out constant marketing campaigns only to push the film back again. With that said, Hollywood might do the opposite and keep pushing films back in fear of COVID.
Very meh movie.....boring story, Bond acting like a big baby and the shoehorned in female 007 which added nothing and had zero impact on the films story.
“Best bond of all time” what !?!   Have you read the books ?? Connery goldfinger thunderball George lazenby ?!?!
Phoebe - Waller - Bridge is a "comedy writer" & a favourite of a certain leftie brigade. Her inclusion in the writing staff is not something any Bond fans relish hearing. I guarantee I'll be able to spot her contributions a mile off.
" 007 is just a number"  I thought you said you were a James Bond fan. A Real fan would never say 007 is just a number.   If you didn't notice you have a rather high number of dislikes for one of your videos.  Any guess as to why? 2 hints   Its just a number Because she's a woman I guess  Its not because people disagree with your review but your cavalier attitude towards serious issues about the movie and your rather disrespect attitude towards millions of Bond fans who clearly give more of shit about this franchise than you
" I guess because she's a woman"  What utter BS! I would have expected better from you Stockman but I guess you've opted to embrace either the path of the venomous feminism, the idiotic wokeness or both.   People got upset of Waller because she's an angry feminist who like most are going to put men in their place and this is a Bond movie,  how the hell are you unable to see the issue.  The only reason this movie didn't go full on feminism is because of early negatively feedback which forced tge studio to do reshoots to tone back some of Walkers BS and I imagine Barbara Broccoli's desire to ensure the franchise isn't destroyed as other IPs have been by feminists.
Meh.. I’ve  seen better convoluted garbage 🗑
The only..not bad but sort of meeh Daniel crec film is quantom of solace...that was...problebly the most violent Bond movie...
Has a black woman myself I was gutted to see James bond die at the end I didn't feel good I didn't feel happy it was a good movie I guess I just wanted to see him have a happy ending I am not happy that they didn't use actor isba alba as the next James bond instead they're using this black woman I'm not impressed what is going on with girl power woman s***  you got He-Man master of the universe replaced by women you got James bond replaced for a woman you got terminator Sarah son replaced with a woman what is going on
You lost me at Billie Eilish.
The film is ok, but nothing really amazing. Too much weepy and sad melodrama. And Bond's death is a huge mistake, for me. Because of his death I'm not going to rewatch the film, ever.
You blame the youtubers who were mad but they didnt write the articles saying she was the new bond basically
Not gonna lie, my excitement was a bit jaded after all the delays. But it was well worth the wait. The ending was a perfect conclusion to Craig's terrific run as Bond, through all the ups and downs. To James! 🍸
Thanks for the Video. I too enjoyed this film. It’s my favorite Bond film now. 1. No Time to Die-10/10 2. Skyfall-10/10 3. Casino-9/10 4. Spectre-7.5/10 5. Quantum of Solace-3.5/10
well said about the fake controversies, that was a great level headed rebuttal
I like the letter grads at the end of your reviews.  No grade here.   :(
Sean Connery and Pierce Brosnan will always be my favorite Bonds
I didn’t like Lynch in the movie. Each to their own. Ana De Armas should’ve had a bigger part.
I'm here from a youtube video called "Chris Stuckman attacks Critical Drinker for NTTD.." WHERE? I didn't see any attacking.🤔 WTF?  WHY that person lied this way?🙏🙏🙏🙏
No Time to Die was absolutely great, I cried throughout some scenes.
What a nothing review that said absolutely nothing...
Agreed!
STUCKMAN LOST ME WHEN HE SAVAGED the prequels and praised TLJ...if people don't like Billie what's her name...that's their preference...if people don't like the woman that played the annoying robot in Soylo...then that's there right to critique her...why do you feel the need to cry "you don't like her because she's a wahmen...that sexist trope is so played out...come up with new material
Why was this touted as being a morally grey film? Ooooh Bond has NUANCE now was pushed in the trailers. Yet the villain was planning to use a WMD to control the world for no other motivation than "I'm sure they want it"?   Really felt like they must have rewritten (or written for the first time 😅) Rami's character at the last minute.
Wow Chris doing a normal movie review 🥺
Hi there Chris.  I hope that you recover from your cold.  Firstly I must say that I totally agree with you on the way the cinema transforms the experience because here in the UK, I had an odeon unlimited pass which would allow me to watch any number of films in a month and man did my appreciation of the movie world change.  I really have a greater appreciation of what it takes for an actor/director has to do to make a film work on the big screen.  As for Daniel Craig... he is the only James Bond that when I see him I would never dream of taking him on because he just looks so hard as nails with the exception of Knives Out!!  I just feel that he fits the bill of hard man 007 which all the others did not fit.  Well, that is my 5 cents on the film.  BTW, I usually watch a film and then on the way back home I will always check if you have reviewed the film and I will watch and/or listen to your review of the movie.  This time around I am doing it the other way as I have not watched it yet.  Anyways...take care and get STUCKMANISED!!
The Bond series feels as if it started with a 14 year old making movies,then his Mother finds out his hidden talent and "helps" him by giving ideas of what the "grownups" would like.
The thing about the number is, Fleming himself took it away from Bond in You Only Live Twice. He gave him a special diplomatic number 7777, which makes complaints about this film even more daft.
" People give billy eilish shit  because she's talented "  I uh... I dont think that's why 🤣
There was no ‘political’ message in this movie? Can you not see how there is a concerted effort to reimagine Bond’s masculine identity as a monogamous, vulnerable, emotional man as opposed to the stoic playboy which Fleming created. Whether you agree with this or not, it’s yet another attempt by Hollywood to reinvent the masculine archetype because ‘toxic masculinity’. The ending was symbolic - this is the end of traditional masculinity embodied by the traditional James Bond. It was a slap in the face of men who aspired to be like Fleming’s Bond - a message to say ‘it’s over’. No wonder Danny Boyle ran a mile - he saw the woke direction they were taking and wanted nothing to do with it.
I was greatly disappointed with this movie. I did not appreciate the demasculation of 007. It's just my opinion
Really?! Because if they cut the black 007 from this movie, it would have made no difference in terms of plot, and it will be 30 mins shorter, and better. And you are telling me that it’s not forced in because of political reasons. Come on Chris!
First I've ever downvoted :( Lot of words, little content. At this point I'm unsure if one can accurately critique films and sit in the directors chair, more to the point wanting to do so...
This film made me feel powerful emotions. First theater film after lockdown, last Daniel Craig Bond. CasinoRoyale was the first theater film I saw on my own . I was in job Corps fresh out of high school. So many memories these fifteen years
Do a squid game review
For me there were plot holes in the ending but it was a decent film overall. One thing it did show is how Craig’s bond has lost its touch he is over 50 and not nearly as sharp as he was previously.the younger female 007 is what a hitman should be.I felt for rami his character was underused and motivations made no real sense.I felt that was beyond loose he has her nearly dead shot through the Ivey glass then half shot changes his mind I mean really......
It's NOT that she's a woman - it IS THE SHOVING of feminism down our throats that insults the fan base.  We have ZERO problems with women in leading roles...IN THEIR OWN STORY LINES...when you usurp the canon of a DECADES OLD story line to appease a very tiny minority of PROFESSIONAL COMPLAINERS that attend the church of woke - the fan base has A RIGHT TO BE INSULTED !!  I will watch this movie - but the fan base complaints from past filmed ruined by the wokeness religion have been justified MOST of the time in recent years.
Just wanna say 1 thing. Nanobots are robots. Emp watch kills robots. Ok that's my bit. Bye
6:44 So then what was the whole point of the russian guy saying to the one black female that he could end her whole race because they were weaker then the rest bs just to give the moment of her sparta kicking him to his death. It literally served 0 purpose to be in the film but it was like they HAD to address the fact that she was black and then show her get revenge on him to prove he was wrong and she is a strong black female. It felt completely out of place and an obvious social justice nonsense part to add to the film.
Leslie nielsen is a great james bond too 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂...
this movie sucked ass.   One of the worst bond movies of all time.
What grade did he give it?
Great review, Chris. I also think Daniel Craig was the greatest Bond of them all. I honestly feel that this could be the last outing of Mr Bond, though. I don't see how they can conceivably carry it on. As people have said, Nomi did not have the Screen Presence to Carry it Off, IMHO. She was a good addition to the cast, but at the end of the day, James Bond 'Is' a man, unless we blatantly ditch Ian Flemings character all together:-(
I saw the thumbnail and I thought it was gonna be a bad review but now I realize ur face is like that because ur sad about the run ending
Damn Chris can't stick to his guns.
Yeah, no, fuck Billie Eilish. Good review, though.
this film is like logan for james bond
Honestly, this movie isn't as bad as a lot of people claim. I agree with this dude on a lot of his points. The film definitely feels like the sunset of an era. Is it perfect? No. However, it was made in good conscience and it covered themes that you wouldn't find in a typical Bond film all while having the basic Bond aspects.   Like the woman in the low cut dress he worked with in Cuba, I loved her! She was quirky and weird, but she was smart and worked with Bond well as just a female counterpart and not a love interest. That entire sequence was one of my favourite parts of the film just because of the action and her shenanigans!  The new 007 was fun too. She had a very witty attitude and mainly just tried to one up him in a snarky (but humourous) manner.   Madeline as a character is great, but she just isn't the right woman for Bond. The actors don't have the on screen chemistry that Daniel Craig and Eva Green did in Casino Royale, which is fine since Madeline is very different from Vesper, but that genuine connection between two people attracted to one another just isn't their in my opinion. The two characters [Bond and Madeline] have a common goal and a common motivation. Which IS quite genuine and the ending just hurt even more because that's why Bond did what he did.   The villain was underwhelming, but the movie was more character focused. Not gonna deny that the actor really sold the role, so at least we had that!
“Mads Mikkelsen is perfect”   Yes. Yes he is.
Cant you just review the fuckin movie. Ten minutes of you rambling.
Flu viruses pretty much gone because of Covid19,  not sure how you got flu. This movie would have been the best, but that stupid dumb fake bond is totally useless. Paloma is sooo much better! Bond died wrongly that's for sure.
Really excited to go see this for my first movie back in a theatre
Freddie Mercury: Mama~ I just killed a man~ yep, you just killed 007.
I thought it was good until Cuba. After that it went downhill.
Why.... WHY do we have to tap dance around things? They're pissed that the new 007 is a woman! And black! Just say it! And then say "so what? she was cool."  but honestly they shouldve made Ana the new ACTUAL 007!
I was so ready to dislike a politically correct/progressive new 007 , but my god, she is so cool and badass, her style and demeanour, the role fits her like a glove! I hope to see more of that character!
Spoiler Alert for those who haven't watched NTTD yet...  I watched yesterday and for some inexplicable reason, when Bond limps up to the roof of Safin's base and waits for the end, I couldn't help recalling the memorable parkour chase and shootout in embassy scene from Casino Royale. I know its just a performance, but I felt for the character who once smashed through walls and singlehandedly brought down a fully-functioning government building being reduced to a pale shadow of his once-formidable self. I truly did.  And Daniel Craig is a marvelous actor. He deserves a knighthood for his sheer commitment to this franchise and imbuing humanity into a fictional character.
That's an absolutely stellar T shirt. Anyone have any idea where he got it?
Billie eyelashes has no talent. She doesn't sing she whispers!! That's not singing. There is no talent behind whispering. On top of it her father is a movie producer for Disney for nepotism. That's why she got her Disney special. Yes I listened to it. Outta all of the bond songs I was horrored by it. I'm a musician have been for 25 years. I do not understand why people love sh💩y music. 🤷‍♂️  But what do I know. I'm a nobody that doesn't have rich daddy who set me up!
I saw it in 4dx!
Didn't like it when it finished but a couple days later I was thinking maybe it wasn't that bad. So definitely need another watch. I never bought malek as the character, I think it was his age. We're suppose to believe he saved the girl under the ice at around his real age and then he plays a older version later. It was off putting for some reason. I did like both agents the 007 and the other girl they had some great but very few scenes. My opinion Hass kinda changed whether I'd have her as a bond.od still prefer a man it not that bothered after this.
Dude you talk too much irrelevant BS before getting to the actual review. Few ppl gives a damn.
My wife and aunt were crying at the end! Special farewell to Daniel’s Bond.
Please continue with the rating classification
I think it was a good movie and the new 007 was a good character and the actress played it well, that being said it’s not a coincidence that she’s a black woman.
They shouldn’t of killed him off, hate the ending. Craig deserved better.
I’m ngl, I was a little skeptical of Lashana Lynch as the “new” 007 in this film but man was I wrong. Her performance really blew me away
He doesnt rate movies anymore or what lol
Great film. Now wait for Dune!
Great review, Chris! Saw No Time to Die yesterday. It is an absolutely phenomenal film, and an amazing conclusion to the phenomenal Daniel Craig era of James Bond. I have been constantly thinking about it since. Highly recommend everyone to go see it.
“ special “ that’s one way to put this one
I was blown away by how emotionally affecting this movie was, how it had real stakes with a great plot and fantastic direction.  One of the absolute Bond classics.
Sadly this will likely be the end of James Bond, politics will 100% ruin this franchise at least for a film or two. Go see this movie because we will look back on it as the last true Bond film.
Blue eyes… and gasp! Blond hair!!  It was so hard to absorb for my system!   Lol
I feel like I used to be able to trust your reviews, but this is an objectively awful movie, with a poorly fleshed out villain, awful pacing, and a muddled plot. I’m shocked you didn’t hate it.
New opening title sequence.  Nice.
Bro where did you get that Metroid dread shirt? It’s so dope.
Wow now that you stopped putting random extra movies in your movie reviews I actually get your videos on my feed again? Weird!
Review squid games
great movie, really enjoyed it more then i was expecting too
I wish there was a theatre locally for me that made going and seeing these blockbusters worth it:. Sitting in dirty stained chairs with shit visual and audio isn’t worth it.
Hi Chris ! Would you be able to do a review on Feast? It’s a horror film, kinda cheesy but I remember seeing it as a kid and loving it. Maybe not everyone’s cup of tea but, it was pretty good to the point where I’m watching it right now lol .
The stairwell fight got me feeling exhausted just watching.  This was a pretty darn good film.
This has to be worst review I ever ever seen, wtf
Holy shit, thought this was a review not crap about your life
great movie, I had a blast
cooll
BORING MOVIE!!!  Was almost 3 hours of garbage...No wonder it flopped at the box office
This man doesn’t understand the social culture of the United States.
I haven't kept up to closely with Chris' change in movie review technique, but does he not do scores anymore?
So they brought vesper again oh man I’m not sure I’m gonna go see this I might just wait for it to come out on rental I need mine Daniel Craig is bond but the very first bond movie that he did was beyond boring I fell asleep in the movie theater it was around my birthday when that movie came out in 2006 and it was gonna be the first James Bond that I would ever see in the theaters and yes it was the one they got him started but I didn’t like it there was no gadgets in it The girls were not all that attractive and the villain well he just didn’t seem scary and I guess he wasn’t really supposed to be because he was just the Patsy but in any other James Bond movie the villain is the main character that goes against 007 they’re not supposed to be Patsys take Doctor No for instance yes he does have the guy that goes and tries to kill Sean Connery‘s 007 and ends up getting capped but Doctor No set the boundaries for the franchise that you have to have a really vile criminal element in the villain with all the Daniel Craig movies every single one of them has a girl that he’s in love with the first one was vesper The next one was about finding the boyfriend even though he had an assignment he was also trying to figure everything out then the third installment what is about him being accused of doing something against the rules but you know a 007 has always gone against the rules so that one tenant doesn’t count but then you have specter and I actually like Spectre because that had an element in it from the original feeling of the bond films Spectre is very familiar to anyone who’s ever enjoyed Sean Connery Roger Moore James Bond but with this final film I think we’re seeing an end to the 007 franchise because as we’ve been hearing for a while now that they’re going to switch sexes on the main character I don’t care if you wanna come out and make a movie about a female actor that’s a hero but don’t take a character that’s in a book a male clearly and change his sex because it’s not gonna be a bond film if you do that it’ll never be James bond James Bond will never be a female and I am sick and tired of guys saying they would be OK with a woman being James Bond really because now James Pons name is a mail not a female I’m not sexist but I do know one thing I was raised on these films and my grandpa and me would watch these films together and we would watch them for the very first two the last and I can promise you that if they make a film James Bond film where the female is the lead character that will be the end of the franchise they tried to do the same thing with Ghostbusters and you see what happened there it wasn’t just it was a bad movie you can’t take a franchise and change the sex of the character unless the character was one of those unsure of who they are but James Bond damn well knows who he is he’s a man he drinks alcohol he sleeps with women to get the information a womanizer and the only reason he was that way was because his wife was killed after one of his missions hence blowfelt if you ever watch the end of her Majesty Secret Service it will show you why James Bond never falls in love again then you guys go and you change the ingredients of the franchise by putting in a new recruit and we were OK with that for films later he still crying he still hurt over what vesper did to him eight years later for god sake‘s James grow the hell up it’s not like you really cared about her anyway you’re a womanizer he only slept with her to get what you want it and that’s what James Bond was supposed to be a womanizer now the women today want to change the character from a male to a female I think that’s not only the stupidest decision it’s going to be the dumbest one Hollywood ever made because if you guys didn’t learn anything from the Ghostbusters movie with the chicks I wouldn’t even call them checks never mind they were all ugly anyway The point of the matter is I’m probably not going to watch this film after hearing this review I’m just gonna let Spectre be the last James Bond movie that will ever be made and forget about no time to die
The suspension of disbelief required for Bond movies is too much. How many times are they going to wheel out the angry man-child, hell-bent on destroying the planet, trope. The world is 'never, ever', going to be destroyed in a Bond movie, so there's 'never, ever', any real jeopardy!!! It's just one big old yawn fest...!!!
Dude this movie sucks
Honestly...the movie was amazing until the ending. Poor writing cuts this movie off at the knees and just a minor tweak would have made it stand so much taller.
simpin lately huh?
Just watch the damn movie then whine about it :)
Get on with the review already. Jesus.
The remarkable thing about these times. With social media. That anyone would think that what I thought about this film is significant!
Ah, first thing I noticed was you looked under the weather. Glad you’re feeling better. 👍🏼
Gotta say, that Metroid dread tshirt is pretty awesome. It is such a good game too. Definitely one of mercurysteam's best work.
I’m not a big fan of James Bond but this movie was good!
Defending that fleabag tells me where his bias lie. How can they think killing bond is a great closure. It's hypocrite.
Get some sunlight ...vitamin D
We basically have the same ranking for Daniel Craig movies except Skyfall is my favorite and Casino Royale is second. I completely agree with you on everything you said about No Time to Die though, just a really solid end to the Daniel Craig era.
Can we get a review for Dune?
Losing Felix(not by choice) similar to losing Vesper  was very sad.
Chris is Pale as shit. Like Nasferatu Pale.  He was definitely  sick. But I'm glad to He dropped a video
Weve grown up with Craig🥺
I really enjoyed the movie. I saw it in the theater. My take away concerning the assignment of 007 is that it demonstrates that these call numbers are just that….call numbers used to identify the agent. It answers the question, is Bond the same person over all the movies or is he a different person in each iteration. Now we know he is a different person with the same call number 007. 👍🏾
Daniel craig the best bond
Oh god...stuckmann's fallen to the pc predators. How much did they pay you to trick people into going to see this heap of garbage? It's obviously a leftist propaganda piece. - Kill off white bond, replace with black woman 007...I even jokingly predicted this years ago, thats how predictable pc culture has become.
Zimmer's score in the final 10 minutes was phenomenal.
*Anyone else realize this movie was a shot at reality of how the real world global corporate elite like Bill Gates & friends intend to inflict “population control” on the Earth??
mediocre movie is mediocre. if you've watched all of the bond movies and don't understand why this is so unbond like, then you have some vision problems. and no, don't give big corp money to test the water. watch it by other means if you really need to "try" it out. similar to trash like the last jedi, another franchise heading down the drain.
Yep. Loved it. I agree 100%. No social agenda pushed,…..even if it was teased they gave everything a tasteful arc. What a great film to go out on
Chris is as woke as ever. What a joke.
People hate billie eilish because she is a selfish Teen who Has no Talent but moan into a mic. Her men hating lyrics are Not making any sense. All the music and lyrics are done by her brother and Not her. So all Credit goes to him.
Well, its the final Daniel Craig bond and...the final James Bond movie.  Unless we get a plot twist or a resurrection,  Bond is really retired.
That Metroid t-shirt is amazing
Great review. Can you review Foundation on Apple +
Does anyone know if Chris gets paid for reviews from the studios?
No Time To Watch (this new hollywood crap)
@Chris Struckmann   As someone who is so invested in movies and Hollywood, you should learn about the politics behind movies and Hollywood in general. Because saying there was an outrage about the writer who has been chosen just because she's a female shows your lack of knowledge and is ridiculous.  Watch YouTubers like Nerdrotic, Geeks&Gamers, Mister H, etc. They'll keep you updated. I often do 🙂
Just loved the film I’ve seen it twice now it’s not perfect but easily one of my favourite bond films and it really marks the return of big blockbuster cinema after such a hard fall by the pandemic.
Absolutely stunning.  So much amazing work!   I understand but truly sorry to see Daniel Craig go.
When you are on the side of the woke.. the woke agenda showing up in the movies doesn't bother you.
I REALLY LOVE THIS BOND MOVIE I BEEN A BOND FAN FOREVER AND I LOVED YOUR REVIEW AND I LOVE HOW YOU DID NOT HATE ON THIS MOVIE YOU WERE RIGHT ON THE MONEY I WENT TO SEE IT TODAY AND I AM GOING TO SEE IT AGAIN ON TUESDAY.  AGAIN REALLY GREAT REVIEW. BOBBY LEE 007
I thought this was a terrific swan song for Craig as Bond. I also thought the villain was pretty good. Well acted, beautiful cinematography and a good blend of action and story also went fast for 2:45 which was a good thing. Connery and Craig are the only Bonds I liked. I kind of compare this to Batman. The Keaton portrayal was good but Bale was the Batman I wanted to see. Craig was the Bond I’ve waited for.
If we hate the movie they don’t care, they took your money already. This movies ending sucks
Man, that new intro isn’t very good.
However flawed, I really liked the movie. James Bond being more than 007
A review that actually likes the film??/
Daniel Craig is my least favorite Bond…..so he could leave now or never come back I don’t care…..Pierce will always be my favorite but my favorite non brosnan film is “on her majesty secret service” I loved “Casino Royal” though…but now we have a “woke bond” sooo im cool l….“no male gaze” its like there trying to deconstruct something was built upon….the people who are making the movie are saying these things not just the media….which is alot of the outrage like most stuff i noticed…that’s why I always listen to people who’s seen the movie before any “media reviewer or etc”
Daniel Craig is the worst bond. I said it.
Review LAMB next.
At this point event Sepctere was better
Watched it. The female 007 is cringy garbage.
I’m almost halfway through the video. Does he ever get to the point where he talks about how the ending was atrocious and all of the interviews the actors and directors did during filming talking about feminism and the patriarchy and white males and the director called Bond a rapist?
Well people think you are weird because you thin Craig is the best Bond
The only thing bad about A View to a kill is that Roger Moore was starting to look old by then
I really didn’t like the no time to die movie ( big fan of the Bond movies ) it is not a good Bond movie , great action movie just not the Super agent with awesome gadgets and great with women protagonist that we know and love . His death at the end of the movie seemed empty and not the death that James Bond deserved. The main villain was hollow , his character seemed meaningless ( just a man with god complex ) . Alla in all , in my opinion when an  actor plays so much a character in a film that he becomes synonymous with him then you,  automatically have to either let him have a happy ending when his contract expires or kill him and simultaneously you kill the character he played in the last movies . James Bond is not an actor , James Bond is a super agent from MI6 , great with women and has a lot of cool gadgets , not a common action movie hero
The film was better than I expected, honestly didn't feel like it had any of the kind of things that would turn some old fans away from it. It was a good film, a great theatre experience, and a well deserved addition to Bond, potentially a suitable and ultimate end to the franchise.
6:50 I'd say there is one point that felt to me like that. It's when Bond and Moneypenny crash at Qs apartment while he was preparing diner for his male date. So Q is homosexual and since they didn't go anywhere with it it felt to me like that had to say it just to say it. I'm not bothered but I've noticed it.  Otherwise I had a great blast with movie.
James Bond ‘died’ at the end of the 80s. (Timothy Dalton). These are just good action movies…good and forgotten…
I've been burned too many times. I'm not going to give Hollywood the benefit of the doubt anymore. They don't deserve it. I hope the whole industry falls apart
Phoebe waller-bridge is not hated because she's a woman dude. That was disingenuous. You're being a real jerk. Lots of movies and entertainment are written by women and we love them. This movie had lots of reshoots because of how bad phoebewallerbridge did
Let me sum it up for you they killed off the toxic masculine white guy (aka James Bond).  Good luck getting your audience back after this and making money on this franchise going forward.
I think the new 007 is unnecessary antagonistic towards bond tbh
I loved this movie also i rerwatched his first two bond films on Friday then reewatched his third and forth on Saturday then watched no time to die Sunday (today) and this actually made me like Spectre more
Theres a lot of misrepresentation of opposing opinions, here. If you want to disagree with someone, that's good, but just pretending that someone has an opinion so you can more easily dismiss their opinions is lazy and proves nothing.
Fantastic closure for the actor !  And damned those obvious references of the past Bond films are the Aston Martins :-)
Love how grounded you are and try to tell others to be the same…we all need that. Make your own opinions people 😀
Craig is my favorite Bond as well, with Casino Royale being my favorite Bond film of all time. I've probably watched it 30 times. I also agree on both counts when it comes to Le Chiffre and Mads Mikkelsen. Exceptionally underrated villain, played beautifully by Mikkelsen. I will definitely be watching this one in theater, as well. Once again, I completely agree with you about the feeling of watching a movie in the theater. You have become my go-to reviewer, with maybe one or two (very minor) disagreements on movie reviews throughout the years. I wish you all the success in your other personal endeavors, but selfishly hope you'll continue to do reviews for years to come. All the best!!
The cinematography was outstanding but some of the parts of the story sucked. Kept saying to myself why, and a lot of people who left the theater felt the same way. I herd several people talking about the same thing I had a problem with in the parking lot.
I was so worried about this film,glad to hear its a great Swan song for Daniel Craig,looking forward to seeing It
It’s not “creg” it’s Craig! Do you pronounce laid “led”?
I know let's have Will Farrell Play Shaft next😂😂😂
You sound fine to me...  Regardless, get well soon.
Just like you, ehis was my first theatrical experience in over a year, a very special moment adn an amazing movie.
Where did you get your shelves from and what lights did you use? I've ran out of space and I like your set up. Looking for new ideas.
Wished they lingered on the ending a little longer, felt like we needed that after everything
No time to die is great for so many reasons great action very suspenseful great villains and bond allies but it is very sad at the end there's just no time to cry
No time to die is great for so many reasons great action very suspenseful great villains and bond allies but it is very sad at the end there's just no time to cry
Things that were in the movie that can't be in the movies today were actually the things that made the movies cool and watchable
What happened to your endeavor of placing a review of a smaller budget more independent movie in front of the blockbuster?
chris can’t pleasure his wife
I remember in 2015 that the President of the Motion pictures and arts Academy told filmmakers to make their movies more diverse or that not enough african Americans we not being in seen in their movies. thats not right. Bill Maher said it best, that Merit is not synonymous to racism or bigotry. diversity has never been an issue before in any previous Bond movies. There have been minority supporting players and even villians. so its rather strange to see Miss Moneypenny now repurposed as an African American and even James Bond's replacement as an African American woman. 007 isnt just a number. 007 is James Bond.
Just keep the making scheme the way it used to be. Probably better for the algorithm too.
This was a very good end to a fantastic Bond run. When you go through so many iterations of one character and you look at the actor (at the time) you often judge “well he’s not the original” or “ he’ll never be this person” I don’t feel most people are like that towards Daniel Craig’s iteration of Bond he really did heighten the bar and imo probably the best so far. I can’t believe we got to this point it hurts a little 🥲   Side note: I’m also very glad to be back at the theater, there’s simply no substitute to satisfy. 😌
You need a hair light.
A great movie has to feel fresh. I saw the previews and felt nothing.  I saw the previews to American Hustle, Joy, The Coca Cola Kid, The Good Thief, and got excited. And they were all marvelous.  This, all I can imagine is my ass getting sore in an old seat.
I disagree with the 007 thing. Each agent had a separate number. She would’ve been 008 once bond retires so does 007. That’s his individual identification.
How was there not an epic scene with the Bond theme in full blast… they kept teasing it smh
Usually agree with you but not on the woke stuff. The director and writer literally called the movie a MeToo film. They are leading with their agenda, and it's not accidental that Bonds replacement is a woman of color. No where in the lore has a 007 been a woman much less race swapped for whatever reason. But it is very intentional to undermine the history of Bond and the creators make that clear.   I haven't seen it and won't see it because they already told me why I wouldn't. If I was to support it than I would be financially supporting the agenda behind it which I can't in good faith do. Movies that express themselves in their identity as woke will not be getting my money. I think there are ways to subtly put in a message but this message is about as subtle as a bull in a china shop because 100s of articles were written on it.   As the consumer we do not and should not support bad behavior. When they make a mistake make it feel it in their pocketbook. And yes my little personal boycott won't bomb the movie but when enough people get tired of this shit they will course correct and bring back movies to being entertainment not sermons on the virtues of left wing politics.   I would see the industry suffer before I compromise. And this has worked in the past if you look at Ghostbusters 2016, Charlie's Angels, Solo, Terminator Dark Fate. We do have the power to take what they create and make it financially unsustainable and that sends a message. And if they want to stand on principle and take those losses more power to them, but it's not something I support. Eternals for me is the next one I will be skipping.
I enjoyed the movie but the 007 role played by Lashana, I thought was horrible. She was WAY too smug about being 007 and her stupid little remarks here and there like wtf, James Bond would never do that. As a double o, you're supposed to be better than that. Have class, charisma.. she acted like a child at times. And why have you not bought a projector yet? We have 2, a 96 inch screen in the bedroom and a 120" in the living room. You don't have to have an expensive one to have a great time. Maybe like an Epson 2200 or 3800 if you want to spend more.
Lowkey … the ending wasn’t something I expected … left me  emotionally speechless  , I saw it on Friday …. But other than that … the movie Was well done and those who hated these films   aren’t no James Bond fans    Daniel Craig  thank you for the adventure 🖤
Besides Casino Royale, I haven't enjoyed the Bond movies with Daniel Craig.  His rough style in Casino Royale was ok believing he was becoming more sophisticated in the coming films. But he remains this rough averages action hero without finesse. It could've been Vin Diesel or any other macho actor.  James Bond is a character of its own, a British gentleman spy almost a bit nerdy in a British way. His skills are not defined by muscle power but in being inventive and outsmarting his opponents.   No Time to Die is though the best of Daniel Craig's career as James Bond. A worthy ending for Daniel Craig that finishes off on a peak high.  I hope the Broccolis finds their way back to the true British gentleman spy aka Pierce Brosnan otherwise The Kings men films will inherit the British gentleman spy trademark.
Decent movie now we wait for Dune
I remember when i watched probably every Chris' videos. And he thinks Craig is the best bond,oh my god.  The Chris Wokeman
I saw it for the second time today and I appriciated and enjoyed it a lot more then I did the first
Casino Royale is my personal fav Bond film and Daniel Craig is my fav Bond, along with Goldeneye and Licence To Kill
I'm a double oh oh
6:45 - ''I can ALWAYS tell when someone's genuine'' - these are strong words.. I think nobody can be 100% sure of anything, so this stroke me as quite arrogant, even I love Chris Stuckmann's reviews
Well said dude. This past 2 years makes us once again appreciate the things we stopped appreciating.
Nice t-shirt 🤘
I really disliked No Time To Die’s narrative. It was so melodramatic and tried way too hard to pay homage to OHMSS. I also found the ending to go against what James Bond as an icon has become. I hope the next bond — Henry Caville perhaps :) — will go back to being unique one off stories as opposed to a cinematic soap opera where everyone is related intimately knows the protagonist.
Now on it will be called James Bondi : Feminist Version!
Americans, it’s Daniel CrAYg not Daniel CrEGG
I just gotta say this, this film is a parallel towards On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
I know this is not a spoiler review no I’m not gonna say anything anymore
I absolutely HATED this piece of crap.  It was a jumbled up, chaotic, BORING cluster f___ almost 3 hours long.  The cheap, unimaginative tricks, poorly employed to manipulate the audience rather than tell a story was painful to endure.  It's a steaming hot, WOKE pile of manure.  Why don't woke people create their own stories rather than take wonder creations of other people and ruin them?  I can't give it enough thumbs down.  BOOO!
You’re by far my favorite reviewer, no question. Keep up the great work!
It would be better if they didn't have all these scenes, where bad guys stood two meters form Bond, firing at him with a fully automatic gun, without hitting him. It makes it less realistic. ☹
I think the hate for Billie comes from the fact that she was everywhere and the media wouldn't shut up about how amazing she is, that just exhausted me and I think it exhausted a lot of people.
*every one gets sick wi 6 weeks or so post the 2nd vaccine,* not the case here by chance? interferon retardation, myocarditis, clots: all for...what (if one even ran into the wild virus under 50y, before it burns out: unlike the guarenteed exposure to 3 separate vac doses. i know, it is too hard to follow. ppl are either lying for your own good, or antivac loons w no middle gound). gr8 review tho.  -JC
When Daniel Craig shoots a gun, his whole body language is perfectly ruthless and surgical! Definitely better with guns than anything on screen. Even john wick!
Bond has always been dark haired and dark eyed, that's how his character was written and historically portrayed, that's why long term fans may have had an issue with a blonde bond, its not that hard to understand even though you may not be among them. Billy Eilish has a very distinctive voice and style.... which you either love or hate, its a matter of taste, its not because she's talented, which she clearly is. Phoebe Waller-bridge seems to be the flavour of the month writer at the moment in Hollywood who injects a very significant 'feminist' lens into what ever she writes. When that is applied to historically macho masculine characters (Bond/Indiana Jones) it normally means those characters get side lined or belittle to fit a feminists narrative. Its not because she's a woman, and you know this, so please don't try and dismiss these opinions as sexist or just stupid as you come across disingenuous when you do. You're not dumb, so please don'y play dumb.
I saw the movie and it was really good a little scary but still good.
Ppl don’t give billy shit; they reject the idea that media pushes.  She’s a Gaga 2.0  Sexually ambiguous, she “not you normal girl”  Her brand, It’s not genuine even if she is
i miss the old intro :(
Probably the last white James Bond movie. Now they will woke the hell  out of it in the name of forced diversity and PC feminist marxist propaganda. Why moves can't be pure anymore? Why everything needs to be full of agressive political agenda? Cinema is dying because of this.
Too many clever plot twists and turns and action sequences shoehorned in - not an actually engrossing movie plot line.
Weakest villain yet but the movie is pretty entertaining
Gave you a like just for the metroid shirt.
Was disappointed, the last 20 minutes was good wen the chick went away
The complaining about a woman co-writing a Bond film was stupid, especially given a woman co-wrote the early Bond films back in the 60s.
I always found Daniel Craig's Bond films to be the most serious and enjoyable. The rest were brilliant but too comedic.
I still can't believe there's a woman bond lol.its a joke,and they are going to lose millions again because they are ticking boxes instead of the love of it.when will they learn.
The name is Gone, Jame's Gone....
Craig is a decent Bond. Roger Moore level, maybe a touch below. But not bad.  He's yet to be in a good Bond movie though. Better than the last Brosnon film but ehckeh... Glad this one is good!
nothing about Imax?
Yikes, I want to see this today and just seeing now it's nearly 3 fking hours. I hope it's good, hope it lives up to my expectations....is it good to be watching this? Guess we'll find out.
You think 007 is just a number? Ya, you deserve those 2 thousand dislikes.
Try some Elderberry tea for your cold with honey.
And the final James Bond film period.
You're gay
I think you’re being really disingenuous. With how cut up the movie is, it’s obvious that they took the year to do re-shoots and take the woke out. Even then, that ending really sours everything.
People get critical of the movie when actors and writers say crap that is meant as insulting to a large part of the audience.
I was uninspired by the opening song.  This was the final insult to Ian Fleming's Character James Bond 007.  Screw this movie!
Yeah I dunno, just seeing Lashana Lynch standing next to this deflated model looking Bond reminds me of Daniel Craig’s first outing on the beach in CR.   He had put in the work, while she looks like an avg woman in healthy shape. That’s verisimilitude. Being an action star isn’t for every actor, and its just tiring at this point how many 98 lbs female models get propped up as leads for physical action roles. If you want the audience to buy into your fantasy, think of why they would not.
“No time to get my money back”
Wasn't upset with feminist writer, was upset they Shat on bond.....NTTD was vomit inducing, sorry Chris you're on the cool aid with this one...
I loved Ana De Armas’s performance! Going into it I expected the typical mysterious new Bond girl, lots of sexual tension, etc.   Then she says she’s 3 weeks into training. I thought wait, they’re going with a klutz angle? Nope!! She’s just an enthusiastic badass who loves her job!   Bond telling her “you were excellent” with such earnest really just capped it off. Great character!
I never liked Bond films till Daniel Craig took over, so I'm with you there, my favourite, to date, is Skyfall. Can't wait to see this one too, I'm going to watch it for what it is, without the endless analytics😁👍
Skyfall was the greatest Bond film ever made.
great movie... best ending. not the best villain but its ok. for me its 7/10 just becoz i was yawning in the middle of the movie.. not a fan of the opening song. not at all.. but still, a great movie.
I liked your explanation regarding "forced agenda" and when we can tell. As much as I agree that we don't see that happen here, I find it bizarre with the decision to make Q gay. It was so off the cuff, sudden and didn't really go much further. What was that about?
James Bond dies and black woman replaces him
"What time is it?" "It's time to die." really?
The new 007 was a strong, independent black woman. That didn't set off any alarms for shoved in to appease the new "woke" crowd BS??? Come on.
your review is very boring
I would like to get your review of Venom 2 (Carnage)…it was a quirky movie to me and I don’t like how they portrayed Cletus Cassidy’s motivations as a serial killer…but would want your thoughts. I tend to agree 100% with your own reviews with the same movies
Didn't we already have a Bond movie with this title?
Mate they killed James Bond im pissed
Saw it. It's .. ok. Different feel, not necessarily a bad thing. The bad guy was weird, he's in prison then he isn't, must have fallen asleep and missed that scene. Big but obvious build up at the end, kinda guessed how it was going to go the the half way mark. Watched to the very end credits just in case but this ain't an Avengers film ;) It was a solid bond film, but not amazing. Yes Ana de Armas, jolly good, her sudden appearance was over too soon reminding me that she was here to a) put her picture on the posters b) women can kill ass too c) this part was kinda crowbarred into the script, but then it was all crowbarred into the script. d) boob tape. I didn't really understand what was going on, but don't feel motivated to find out, unlike Tenet for example. Skyfall was my favourite of Craig David bond (he's bond Monday to Saturday, but not Sundays) ;) Great looking film. As ever the film needs a great script and writing is hard yada yada yada.
I didnt like Léa in Spectre, even less in NTTD, i felt no real emotions. Tone was also all over the place. Looks like the director was not that good
This is by far the most mature review I've found
Craig's bond actually gets better with age the more I watch these through the years.goldfinger and goldeneye are my top other films and I like man with the golden gun for some reason
If you were impacted by the end (like me) you will love this film  If you weren't, you will hate it
JAMES BOND DIES ON AN ISLAND AND HE SAVES HIS DAUGHTER AND THE MOTHER IN THE END
Hey Chris , I’d love to see your review of Squid Game
Your comments regarding Billie and Phoebe didnt come off as well researched. A lot of people including myself dont see the hype with Billie as for nearly every song I hear, she whispers.  As for Phoebe, it's not because shes a woman, bit of a sexist thing to assume that's why shes majorily disliked. She is very political and hostile.
I think you omit the weaknesses of the story and that the end is Bond out of character. Why should Q not find a way to disable the nanobots??
Chris, how much were you paid to make this review?  Why talk so much about why people don’t want to see the movie as opposed to giving us a  desire to see? I’d prefer not to spend my money trying to see what an ‘artist’ had to say- particularly when The ‘artist’ is a multimillion dollar film studio for a multi billion dollar franchise, A film studio that has the resources to pay lazy you tubers to market their films.
Claiming anyone rejected a writer simply "because she's a woman" devalues the credibility of the entire review.
Major bad writing... It reminded me of Amy Fara Fowler in S7E4...  Bond actually saves no one and plays no role in the movie, he actually makes it worst... if he didn't interfere, and he had no business to do so being retired, female 007 would have arrested Valdo Obruchev in Cuba and there would be no problem in the first place... Also Safin has no real motivation other than revenge spectre... why would he want to eliminate the world? is he Thanos? Now there was a global criminal organization which deployed under everybody's noses and suddenly Safin kills them all and created a new one without CIA or MI6 or KGB or Moshad or anybody else noticed? wtf?  I really laughed my ass off when female 007 kills Valdo... Valdo did a lot of harm but nevertheless she tries to save him up until the point he makes a racist comment and immediately she sends him off to sleep with the fishes... what a snowflake 007...
Moral  of the story: People are weird and James Bond is cool.
I loved No Time to Die but I feel like the movies big bad was sorta shoe horned in. The other part being I'm ok with it being Craig's last but I don't think we ever had a departure like that which really left me feeling like I don't know how they pick up the series in the future...
I watch the movie and was not a Bond movie but a Titanic drama ction kind of movie , whos idea was to kill James Bond ??? and 007 is part of the character !! who next Bond will be ??? resurrected from the dead ?????
I can't picture any other Bond holding the Greek guy when he was dying or Eva Green when she died. Craig seemed very real.
So disappointed in you Chris. You're just like every other woke person out there. You praise these people who are eliminating and replacing all that we love. On purpose. What will be left? When they are done what next? You totally gave these people a pass for intentionally berating 007 and thinking it's appropriate. I'm sick of this shit. It's time we fight back people.  It's time we push back against this shit. Enough already And chris it DOES fucking matter.  Intentionally trying to wipe out something is not good. We learned that from this guy named hitler
Been a Rami Malek fan since Mr Robot.  He deserved the Oscar in Bohemian Rhapsody ⚡👍✨
Honestly, the new 007 looks to have some solid weapons handling training, even Daniel Craig seems to have more realistic weapons handling in this movie, which I always love, the more accurate and realistic the better when it comes to how our heroes hold their weapons  The first movie I'm going back to see after Covid is gonna be Dune! Then probably The Eternals in the same week
Another side effect of the Pandemic...Thicc Boyz
DANIEL CRAIG
Try "Chris's opinions - Movie Title" changes the title, but still know it's a review and what movie it is.
People have criticized this film just for the trailer because of the weird things, and now they have to apologize on their channels. Pathetic.
Favorite bond of all time..lolz 🤣
The reason why people expect the movie to be a liberal propaganda film is because it was marketed that way and the people making it were only making statements to confirm everyones suspicions. So no, people aren't mad for no reason. Not at all
🤣 😂 When they were crying about a blonde Bond.... A BLONDE BOND 😲😲
I have a daughter... I love her more than anything.. I had wet eyes at the end of this movie.. this movie was GREAT .. please see it in the theatre
Left the movie theater feeling satisfaction and sadness as Daniel Craig final Bond movie. Also Rami Malek character in the film is just a monster in my opinion.
craig retirement from bond was outstanding,not only he gave the character a physical ,athletic appereance the others never did,but also he had that look in his eyes,of a man tha saw die and killed so many people he cared about, that  death for him was like a cup of coffee,even though he was a caring human being till the core...
My opinion, keep in mind my opinion is only my own and means nothing to what all of these amazing actors have done as 007: Brosnan was my favorite and goldeneye to this day is still in my personal opinion, the best bond movie made. Equal parts action, romance, character development, witty banter, humor, a solid and simple defined plot and over serious schlock that IS James bond.   If Craigs Bond had been written to be an adapted version of Brosnans charisma and charm with Connerys brash playboy gravitas; he hands down would be the best bond. In my opinion, Brosnan only beats out the others because of goldeneye and its script.  Craigs realistic portrayal of 007 will always be irreplaceable. I've heard in this movie he gets to have a lot more fun with the character and is filled with schlock, witty delicious Bond one liners and HR worthy situations. I can't wait to see this movie!
Please review Titane.
The trouble with watching a movie with a political push and judging after is that you've already given them your money. To reassure anyone though, I agree completely. It really doesn't seem to want to push anything sinister. Great movie
Hey Chris, people can dislike things without it being toxic outrage.  Its annoying how dismissive some reviewers are to criticism.
Black female 007 😂😂😂😂 Nah this franchise went to shit over some BLM non sense
People are strange they always trash people who are talented. I mistook Ana for gal at first.
This movie was RUBBISH.  In no way, this was a fitting end to what Casino Royale started.  Long, way too long.  Way drawn out.  Weak, & thin story.  I wanted to walk out.  I wanted it to be over.  I would not pay to see it again. Rami as the villan UGH .... No Bueno.   Mike Myers as Dr Evil 😈 would have been at least Entertaining!!!!!! 🤪 Bautista would have been better.
Why do Americans always say Creg and not Craig? Craig doesn't rhyme with egg
Awesome Analysis. Loved all the BOND movies . . .
Basically, this movie was flawed in the plot (and villain) department – some character decisions don’t make much sense, the villain’s final plan is never made clear, his motivation  is never addressed, the way Blofeld communicated with the outside world doesn’t make sense – but it’s a very well made film, and you can tell that there is a great deal of respect for the existing characters (and the new ones are, for the most part, well made). Basically, don’t focus on the plot too much, and instead enjoy a beautiful movie which works as a proper and emotional sendoff to one of the best Bonds we ever got.
"Bad" language gives those listening to you a chance to disrespect what you have to say., Just saying.
Reason to not like the movie: they killed Bond, literally
I don't think anyones upset that daniel graig has blue eyes lol not to speak for others but I would say they don't love that bond has blue eyes. And I don't disagree, just doesn't feel like bond to me. Not going to protest about it, but fdon't prefer it. I loved this movie tho.
Saw it today definitely the best Daniel Craig bond movie. it is very Goooood !
LOVED IT. Classic feel. Emotional James Bond movie. Risks! No Time To Die hit the same notes On Her Majesty's Secret Service did years ago.. literally using the same soundtrack. lol So the Ending was no shocker to me. Appreciated ♥️
Awesome review can’t wait to see it, I remember watching Casino Royale and loving every second. So I know this movie as Daniel Craig’s last will hit hard.
I miss so much the hilariocity videos...
Your dismissal of the PWB criticism with saying the people complaining are just angry she's a woman shows you haven't bothered to understand the issue.
Squid games review ?
*SPOILERS*         *IM DEAD SERIOUS! MAJOR SPOILERS*      *SERIOUSLY YOULL BE SORRY*    *Okay…*     I honestly found Bond’s death fitting. Like if there was a scenario where he had to go and doesn’t make it, this was it. It had a bittersweet taste, but I still had a satisfying experience. I guess if you were gonna kill off the most iconic film protagonist, this was the way to do it.
The whole hate before this released was kind of dumb, the movie didn't do what those people were thinking, it was like not what happened to He-Man earlier this year....Having said this, the movie definitely a few things I don't appreciate, the ending we got and how the villain being so weak in this. To the point that, with ending we got I really don't feel it was deserved, if a villain like Silvia or even Blofeld did this I would had bought it as well as feel it was deserved. I was so disappointed on how obvious the ending was going to be as soon as we see the "insurance" the villain had as well. If anything i would has been more surprised and believe that Craig's Bond deserved the happy ever after and not the reverse Her Majesty's Secret Service Ending since all his films to actually having connected, more so then the previous ones. Oh well.
Daniel craig daddy💔
Are we going to get a spoiler review of this movie? I saw it a few days ago and would love to hear your thoughts in a more in-depth spoiler review.
Stick with the title of the move, then 'Review'.
Big up Chris
Great movie
Americans ...  CRAIG = CREG  MIRROR = MEER
And the ending was terrible. Don’t want to spoil it, I just cannot understand why Chris is giving this a good review
This movie was garbage. And I’m a huge bond fan. The story was confusing made no sense period and the main villain was terrible. And I’m Rami fan also. There’s so much wrong with this movie and I really wanted to like this going in. This movie is 40 minutes too long with sh*t we don’t care about
Daniel CREG??
The non liking of Phoibie is not that she is a WOMEN. It is She is a Radical.
IU Don't even Know who this Billy Chick is? I think the song is fitting for the movIe. Because Bond Dies.
Ughh….anyone who is actually critical of a film you like is …..weird. Ok.
I think Chris' ranking of Daniel Craig films is spot-on. Spectre and Quantum of Solace are low on the list for me, but when the time comes I'm going to look forward to rewatching them.
NTTD is garbage and will flop.  danny boyle and his team were right to have walked away from NTTD as he felt it was of low quality while being disrespectful to the bond canon.  and NTTD's director (next time, never hire an american tv guy who wrote a horror clown movie and who is half-japanese for a very british franchise, jezus...) insulting connery's bond didn't help either and shows he understands little of the bond character/universe.  next bond: tom hardy.  next director: bring back martin campbell!
Yes! I agree with everything you said in this video! Ana de Armas was the total highlight for me!
Get Woke, go Broke!
AMC to the fcking moon
Watch the Keith woods review for a more detailed take on what they did to destroy bond.   Wouldn't say the theater experience is special at this point, I don't miss it at all.
Bullspit. When you say "they put things in other Bond films that they would never do today" then the woke is strong in this incarnation. It's a virtue signaling movie I do NOT need to pay to see. Period.
this was my very first bond film in theaters and I was absolutely amazing and breathtaking
Tubal-Kain (two ball cane : 0-0-7) lodge members will be thrilled about the 007 being represented in double duality : white guy to black girl. Surely will send pleasurable shivers down their spines.
I got into the Bond films in 2011 and Skyfall turned me into a film enthusiast so Daniel Craig will always be Bond to me. It's bittersweet to see the end of an era, but what an era it was.
I wish I could see this movie in theater but, sadly, they are not open yet in my region.
so I guess bond is an exception to the no big movie without a little movie rule?
Epic Dread shirt Chris. Love to see the hype!!
OMG Why didn’t you grade it?? I know what you said in your moving forward video. But since you titled the video Movie Review I was sure you would grade it. You should still be grading every movie you review. Especially titling it Movie review, grade the goddamn movies Chris!! I’m really annoyed right now that you didn’t grade it when you put the words movie review in the title after you said you weren’t going to do that anymore either. Also I loved the movie until the very ending really devastated me. Now I’m in a lot of stress because of it.
Lashana Lynchs' character was absolutely just trash. I couldn't stand her. Her and that pompous Pr&+k attitude she had. I won't be watching any Bond movies going forward if she is the lead. So useless and just a waste of a character given the movies context and plot.
Just seen it and this was a great ending
"No Time To Die: Lashana Lynch assures Daniel Craig starrer fixes James Bond"  -pinkvilla  "No Time to Die star Lea Seydoux says that Daniel Craig has transformed James Bond from a misogynist into a feminist."  "Never mind the explosions – how sexist is No Time to Die?"  -the guardian
The cinematography of this film is gorgeous no doubt.
There wasn't one single truly exhilarating action sequence or stunt in this film, just a bunch of shootouts. Kind of disappointed.
Cold? What is this c..o...l...d... you speak of? Do you mean the coof? For there is only the coof. Nothing but the coof...  *FOREVER THE COOF.*
LOVED this movie. It was amazing to see a movie just be a full movie. The action and stakes were stellar and that oner was fantastic
Love the Metroid shirt. Would love to see a review of Dread!
Nooooo…Billie Eilish’s song makes me fall asleep and makes me question the quality of this film. Casino Royale and Skyfall had kick-ass songs and were kick-ass Bond films. Spectre and Quantum of Solace were subpar Bond films and had crap songs. I am hoping that this movie will break away from the curse.
love the tshirt
"Go watch the movie, give it a chance" - no, no, no. Nowadays first I watch multiple reviews to see if the movie will suit me - I am not paying Hollywood anymore on the promise, I am not paying for a social lessons, and I learned to "vote" by spending money. If there is consensus amongst my favourite reviewers, and strong indication I will like it, I will pay. Otherwise - plenty of things to do out there.
Thank you Mr. Daniel Craig for gift of movies you have given us to enjoy.
We need a spoiler review from Chris for this movie. It deserves it.
You  should excuse yourself from reviewing a film to which you and your wife have such a strong emotional connection, You spend most of this so called review defending it from those who may not share your obviously biased views. This nonsense about Craig's last Bond movie must be a millennial thing.  Those of us who have experienced all the past Bonds couldn't care less. There will always be only one definitive Bond , Connery. Also, this film doesn't need all the females involved. The ladies always find a way to finagle their way into everything - they're talking about a female Bond next, a female Indiana Jones replacement  -  this will destroy these franchises. P.S. The Lazenby film was one of the best.
one reference that gave me chills was in the soundtrack, when Bond was speaking with M outdoors... man it hit me
Please watch and make a video on The Night House if you can. It just came out in VOD. It is right up your alley with the physiological horror elements. More people need to see this movie as it is severely an underrated film this year.
After seeing the movie, if I’m Sam Mendes I would not direct for this movie either
Bond has Time to Die in this one! :D
Loved the film. Worst intro song Bond ever. Saved by "We have all the time in the World"
Good film and great send off for DC. my biggest gripes were how under utilized lashana lynch was and the lack of development given Savin.
Yeah I don't give anyone the benefit of the doubt anymore.  Once I knew Lynch was playing 007 the franchise was dead to me.  Sacrificed on the altar of politics.  I mean the codename was James Bond.  So having Lynch say she's 007 I think how the fuck is she going to introduce herself as "James Bond".  Yeah I don't watch movies with these kinds of politics.  James Bond is a male character.  There's leeway to make him a black character but he is a male character.
Chris grew up having things shoved down his throat.
I thought he wasn't doing reviews anymore? Also, the same guy behind the glass in this trailer is the same one in Joker. He famous for looking up at our protagonist lol
Can see you’ve put on a couple kg’s recently. Love the dad bod 👌🏻
Man you need to watch it again ...it's a Bad Movie !!!!    Pros ...Craig, The Action and Ama De Armas !  The Cons.. Everything else   Q is Gay   No Blood in the movie except for Felix's wound !   He kills everyone so easy !!    Lynch was annoying and pointless !!    .. finally if Bond dies then the next Movie has to have all new characters as they know JAMES is dead !   So it will just be 007  maybe  or a total reboot anyway it sucked   ffs   and maybe they could have made a vaccine for his nanobot virus ....like an EMP maybe :)   ffs
I liked it but, I haven't seen the other films in a long time so I don't remember all the connections. I felt like the villains motivations were really weak, his reasons made no sense. But everything else was awesome.
The continuity between the Daniel Craig movies was probably the worst thing about them though.
I was extremely happy with this movie. Malik wasn’t the greatest of Bond villains but it did feel like a global level threat and as you said, it serviced the story. This movie wasn’t about the big bad evil guy so I’m ok with that. Of the Craig movies it’s only outdone by Skyfall.
I really enjoyed Ana de Armas as well, she was playful but capable. Would love to see her return in the Felix kind of role. On the whole I enjoyed the filmmaking and action sequences but the ending fell a bit flat for me.
This movie was TERRIBLE.  The opening was great, the ending deserved to be finishing a better film, there was an hour or an hour and a half in the middle of the film that should have been simpler and should have built better character and better character connections.  As is, the middle is boring to the point of tears, and the end is almost laughable in service of the garbage writing/storytelling in the middle.  What a missed opportunity...
Please review The Many Saints of Newark
I didn't like No Time to Die, but I avoided all the reviews and hype. I went into it cold turkey, and not knowing much of anything. This is one of my least favorite films in the series. I did like Ana de Armas, but it was wrong to give her little screen time and not give her a bigger role. She was terrific and one of the few bright things about the film. The plot is confusing and forgettable, it feels and looks ordinary and doesn't have any distinctive style including its visuals, Blofeld was wasted and not given anything to do, there is no chemistry between Craig and Seydoux, Rami Malek is just ok and a carbon copy of too many other Bond villains; and after nearly 60 years, do audiences really want to see Bond go the way he does? Basically, it was kinda boring and a 163 minute slog.
You ruined Skyfall for me......
Wouldn’t it be nice for a movie review to actually talk about the movie?
I'm an old(er) fart so I was raised on Sean Connery as 007. It was always difficult for me to move on from his portrayal, even though, through it all, I tried to keep an open mind. Now as much as I thought Daniel Craig was a bad choice in the next inheritance, he has since changed my mind by giving Connery a serious run for his money. I'm very sorry this is his last one, ESPECIALLY now that he's handing the reins over to a woman. This is a blasphemous slap in the face of the whole original idea and creation of 007! Chris talked about being well aware of when Hollywood tries to inject politics into their movies. Now maybe there isn't any sneaky, annoying, subliminally bias propaganda in this last of Craig's efforts, but this changing of the guard has CRT and a carry on of feministic male displacement painted all over it! I never thought I'd ever say this, but I hope that this new "007" does a ratings belly flop!
People hate on Billie Eilish for her voluptuous figure, and because she is not “Size Skeletor” as mainstream culture demands of its young female, and sometimes male public figures.  Billie Eilish is too cool to hate on.  I think that’s awesome they chose her to do the opening song for this movie!
Worst James Bond film of all time
How can they reboot this series? I’m disappointed with Craig’s last outing. It sucked! I’m done with franchise
James Bond: Ain't Got Time to Bleed
Chris, did you hear Netflix was getting protest over the film "Split". they wanted it removed, I check tonight it's gone. Certainly not a great film, but the power of cancel culture is there. Thoughts? Thanks Chris, great review, you sounded fine.
It has been almost 2 years since I have been to a movie. And I will have to say that this was a really good movie to break that time of not going. I did feel little bit emotional when they had the scene with James Bond coming out with the gun pointing towards the audience and shooting which is typical of a James Bond movie. I thought the movie lived up to my hopes for it. As you say the acting was excellent and I thought the pot and overall feel of the movie was very well done
Daniel Craig will be missed. He brought that grit back to Bond while still maintaining a class and sophistication. Just love that guy!
Just witnessed the worst review ever of any movie. Feel sorry for your followers.
I 100% agree that people should just give the filmmakers the benefit of the doubt and at least _watch_ the movie before shitting all over it.  I’ve seen so many people online saying they’re boycotting the movie because they read a bunch of stuff online or saw some quotes from interviews and based solely on that they’ve decided the film sucks.
Bond fan here since I started to grasp cinema. Freaking loved the movie while it went on. It did connect with a lot of aspects from the previous Craig movies while keeping slight but delightfull touches of the past like the classic trough in the bin of the visitant pass by Bond. 100% hated THE END. Not going to spoil here, but in my opinion the whole movie builds up something that doesn't fulfil in the end which was frustrating. Second, I tried to embrace the role of Lashana Lynch, but as much as someone was needed to occupy the number 007, Lynch was not that person. Honest to God, Ana de Armas in 5minutes of footage shows more acting, fighting, charisma and chemistry with Craig than Lashana during the whole freaking movie. Lynch felt a bit like a fish out of water comparing to literally any other actor/actress around her. Casting mistake perhaps? In short, a must watch, that only is second (in my book) to Skyfall.
You should only review transformers.
If I closed my eyes and put my fingers in my ears, I would also let my bias prevent me from seeing the obvious. It would be utterly pathetic to think anyone would buy my argument though.
Last but not the least the movie was fucking shit and so is your review.
The villain was the worst villain ever.
The song was awful. You must got lots of money from the producers
Chris has Covid!
Vhs 4 is out!
And you think it was a dam good movie???? That says a lot about your understanding of movies especially about bond movies.
Hold up, did I not come here in so long for 2 days to pass before I see this? Damn YouTube...
I was so happy to see another movie of the Lenjendary James Bond BUT in the end, he die, and it did hurt. I have cried like he was my old best friend. Why? Why? why they have to kill him. If I knew this was going to happen, I wouldn't have seen this movie. I do not accept it!
It didn't make any scents.  The villain is shoting 900 hundred bullets at a child and then he saves her.  Stupid!
Chris, you're a terrific movie critic. I've been your subscriber for many years now, so I hope you don't take my words too personal. With that kind of finale they can shove the damn movie where the son doesn't shine and keep it there until they constipate.
Of ALL the James Bonds. Daniel Craig is the ONLY one that can I can see throwing down his Walter PPK gun and physically beating a dude into dust
Disappointed with the ending.Enough bad news in the news everyday and now,even though it's just a movie,this makes Daniel Craig seemed doomed in all the other movies he made as Bond.I guess that means his acting was pretty good.
my first james bond movie was at a outdoor theater with my parents and that was THUNDERBALL. even though it was through those tinnie head sets that hooked into the car..it was still awesome.
i forgot they killed both spies. did Joe Biden write this movie? the next one will have a russian and chinese spy!? instead.
I disagree with this take
Just watched this with the wife. This might be my favorite bond film to date. Craig made me interested in bond again and I loved every film in his saga. Gonna be hard for them to follow up Craig’s Bond in my opinion. Looking forward to the future.
I was never a fan of the other james bond films, saw half of one once and it bored me. But this movie blew me away, the action sequences were so detailed and fast paced. The plot was very driven and progressed at an easy speed so you weren't bored off by any of the monologuing.   It also had a lot of sick call backs to even some of the classic films, it was a real treat to watch. And THAT ending!
Awesome review Chris! No The Green Knight review coming?
Great review. Thanks.
I miss your reviews, it's good to hear you again Chris :)
I'm going to be unpopular here but this is a well below average movie to me. It begins fabulously and yes i believe Craig is the greatest Bond ever but then the movie drugs on... It could have easily been half an hour shorter. The action scenes are great save hand to hand combat which is virtually non existent. Bond and the rest of the good guys kill the bad guys more easily than Rambo. The main villain is underdeveloped, Ana De Armas underutilized, the story becomes too much of a soap for my liking, and i hated the ending. Not only me. People at the theatre were frozen to their seats when the final credits rolled. It's great that many people liked the movie, but for a Bond movie i think it took itself far too seriously.
Willyou be reviewing Dune, I’m waiting on your review more than anyone else
Why aren’t you reviewing Squid Game??
Those blues become extremely crucial in this FILM 🤫
Ummm, Connery is the best Bond of all time followed by Roger Moore.
Except for when they shove the blatant scene “I could kill your entire race“ 🥴🥴
It's a must that he has a full crew for his movie coming up because the new lighting and camera angle of these new videos have been atrocious lol
I’ve never seen one Bond film (sorry😅) but we’re planning to go see this one just to have something exciting to watch at the movie theater. Ive missed big releases so much!
Because his eyes were blue?!?! Glad I missed that bullish.
I want Ana to get her own freaking movies!  She was amazing.
Loved your review and you were spot on! Such a great movie and the cinema experience just made it even better.
Side note:  I'm glad to see someone else who still has "Lily C.A.T." on VHS.
Really? People are weird if they don't like Billie the weirdo????
*People aren't mad that Waller-Bridge was brought on "because she's a woman" - they are pissed off because she is a rabid social justice warrior, who hates men with a passion that few can match. She is fucking evil.*
Where do I get that rad Metroid shirt?
Lamb movie 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑
I never knew you were married to a woman! You always come across as a homosexual.
Overall No Time to Die was entertaining, which is the whole point of why Bond films have gone on for so long.  The main villain needed more screen time as others have said.  But the small things that did bother me was the usual woke things like the Russian scientist saying to the black woman "I have the power to exterminate your whole race" or something along those lines, and then she pushes him in the poison water.  That's just all BS.  I hate that crap.  The usual white man = bad and black woman or man = good.  In real life that isn't true.  Hollywood just loves sending left-wing propaganda messages that straight white males are terrible people.
NO TIME TO DIE: This new Bond movie was SENTIMENTAL TRASH. They hired a girl writer to SOFTEN BOND and let me tell you, THIS MOVIE IS HORRIBLE AND OVERLY SUGARY!!! It's A girlie film! Meant to sensitize Bond. It de-emasculated Bond and de-mystified him in all the wrong ways. This movie's last hour was no better than a day time tele-novella. I liked the new 007 woman, only because 1. SHE WAS CHARASMATIC   2.) WAS NOT A SCRAWNY, 95 pound white girl, scissor kicking her way around MEN TWICE HER SIZE. THIS GIRL WAS BEEFY.  3.) The movie didn't emphasize her. But What they did to Bond was absolutely despicable. NEWSFLASH: THEY KILLED HIM and HE DIDN'T EVEN PUT UP A FIGHT!!! The REAL BOND FIGHTS TILL THE END!!!! The PRODUCERS AND WRITERS SHOULD BE CHARGED WITH A CRIME.
Aren't you a bit too smart to believe that an audience would have issues with a writer just because they're a woman? I mean, really.
Just saw it and found it overlong and somewhat patchy. Better than Quantum of Solace of course.
Connery 🐐  Dalton  Craig
Thank. GOD. A review from Chris Stuckmann.
They originally hated on Daniel Craig because he has Blonde hair. It wasn't his Eye colour. Also the song is kinda a letdown. No one is hating on Billie for no reason. They just don't like the song.
This movie sucked, the whole DNA virus sh1t wasn't convincing, and what's with the bionic eye? Who TF gave it to Blofeld? So stupid.
James Bond died.
How you mentioned about seeing this in theaters. Ive been feeling the same way about the new Top Gun!
Why there are some many bots in the comments?
The worst shoe horn in any movie was in End Game, when all the females do that dumb over the top girl power scene.
My ranking  1. Skyfall 2. No Time to Die 3. Casino Royale 4. Spectre 5. Quantum of Solace
Forget all the chat about controversy. It all becomes moot because of the sacrilegious ending. Let's see how much you like PWB when she replaces Indiana Jones too.
METROID IN MEGADETH TYPE?!  Igottagetthatshirt
Just seen it and I’m absolutely fuming!! They’ve ruined bond!
Everyone in the theater here in California were shitting on it walking out.
this movie was total garbage. the villain was not intimidating whatsoever. i couldnt care less how watching a movie in theater affected you.
NTTD: Negative Trillion out of Double Oh What? Don't give them any money for this trash.
Damn, so angry joe and the gang just hating???
They need to go back to the standalone bond film, the bond universe shit is played out and stupid.
Has he reviewed Candyman yet???
If Bond was a Bolsonaro's supporter he'd rather spread the disease.
I was surprisingly very sad my Bond died.  It hit me much harder than expected.
The worst Bond movie ever made. I’ve seen them all and I’m a die hard 007 fan. The storyline is retarded with a long drawn out boo hoo fest. What was the reason the villain was after Bond in the first place? His girlfriend, because he just so happened to get involved with a loon? So Bond just had to die? It’s ridiculous.
This movie sucked. I can’t believe how childish it felt
Calling BS on your “007 is just a number” argument. Is your SSN just a number; if it was just a number than why was it central to the storyline? Worked fifteen years for a major corporation and even after twenty years when you plug my employee number into their database my name still comes up. Obviously, the filmmaker did the math and realized James Bond was not ‘Dr. Who’; that you just can’t plug in any POC and get away with naming them James Bond.
It’s sad people are trying to make this into some sort of SJW propaganda, like dude enjoy the movie it’s genuinely a good watch if you’re not bubbling at the mouth they put a black lady as 007 for like 20 minuets.
Just saw it! Loved it
I thought this guy wasn't reviewing movies anymore?
loved this film but hated the ending
That should be the tag line for everything. None of this judgement bullshit matters.
Easily my favorite Bond movie ever and its sad seeing Daniel leave
Globalists..send as message about what is going on and what's gonna happend...in future...there's noting left to save ...James..
She should have been 010 or 11 heck 012. They could have done so much instead of recycling the 007 number but hey what do I know.
Hot take. The last 3 films did not have a "bond" type of song. My favorite one from the Daniel Craig ones is definitely the opening from Casino Royale. Cris Cornell killed it. The song makes you excited. Not that this movie has a bad song opening but a bad Bond song. Same with spectre as well. Skyfall is an exception because it has a mysterious vibe around it especially during the verses. Again for butthurt people. Both spectre and this one had good songs. Not bond songs that match the movie vibe.
I was so into it until the end. Hope Cavill or Hiddleston are up to bat for the 007 job next.
Completely agree with your reviews one of the the best Bond final movies!!!! It was worth the wait loved every minute of it. I will definitely miss Craig as Bond.   Ps. Thanks for Acknowledging License to Kill, Dalton as Bond was pretty good and highly underrated
Daniel Craig is my favourite bond
Did you ever due a review of the movie “Run, Hide, Fight”?  I would be interested on your review of this movie.
They killed Jeffrey Wright 🤦🏾‍♂️
If you’re reading this Jesus Christ loves you unconditionally and He will never leave you💛❤️💛
Just saw the film. I wish they did more with Rami Malek. The guy is a great actor.  And man my crush on Ana de Armas is growing...
The opening is kinda confusing. You led to believe that the guy in the mask is at Bond's house, since we know Bond is retired and always has a lovely lady there to keep him company. Plus he hadn't made his entrance into the movie yet, so you think the girl that the guy saves is Bond's daughter. Then in the middle of him pulling her up out of the water, it smash cuts to another, much older girl coming up out of water and you know it's the same person years later. Then Bond is there, and the whole time you're like oh shit he did get her back. Then THEY FUCK. AND YOU'RE LIKE WTF WHY IS HE FUCKING HIS DAUGHTER then a half hour later you figure out she's completely separate and the opening scene of the movie was only setting up Rami's character and the main girl's backstory. That was a weird way to start a Bond movie haha
Weak review.
Just saw the film today. I also felt the same way. Being back at the theater reminds me of how much I enjoyed going to the movies after studying and working in the hospital. It's been wonderful to have another hobby come back
please give us a dune reviewww as soon as possible
Chris, just watch The Night House. Be horror movie I saw in the last 2-3 years. It's a masterpiece.
I cried twice while watching this movie
This dude is doing everything to not be demonetized. So sorry, no. To the no no noooo...
We just saw it in theaters last night. I love watching movies at home but there’s still nothing like seeing a movie in theaters for the first time with other people that are also seeing it for the first time.
They also dumped Moneypenny. She was literally just a secretary this time. Back in your box!
The more I think about the Craig films, the more I realise it’s all one long movie. They lack identity as standalones.
Daniel Craig was an excellent James Bond. The best in a very long time in fact. I am truly sad to see him go. I can't even play free blackjack and Texas hold em without of thinking of Casino Royale and of course Chris Cornell.  Yes I'm sick of the fake pandering in the media too. Well done Chris!😁
Is the side characters woke, yes. Is James Bond woke, NO. The reason why this movie works is because James Bond isn't woke. His girlfriend gets with his program, he calls all the shots. He has boundaires and left his girlfriend, because of these boundaires. Still the same James Bond we know. Does he work with woke characters? Yes, like in a job, you will have to work with, woke women, it's part of life. There will always be some silly, feminist women around or people who act like a pricck in a work place. If the main character was woke, then we will have a problem and this movie would not work. There is no way in heeell will would accept a Bond acting woke. Because he is not woke, it works
The movie was fucking fantastic.
Hollywoke is killing off all Male examples of strength ,this will backfire as it turns out the majority paying customer admire strength and won’t want to pay to watch a movie that is a lecture on what ever upsets the sensitivity of the constantly offended.
Cool Metroid T
What a slap in the face and punch in the gut. You DON'T kill Bond. You can't. And then, you especially don't breeze over it like it was nothing
I hate woke stuff and i found Lashana very good and the writing was not woke at all. good movie
this is by far the WORST bond film ever. not sure what daniel was thinking while this was being made. he was a great bond in the previous films, but this plot made no sense, and the action sequences were the weakest ever. all these fine actors totally not utilized to their ability. waste of time and money, and what a disappointing way for daniel to make his exit from the franchise......
Chris back at reviewing movies? Dude needs money?
I thought you put reviewing away
To clear up any confusion... No one has ever cared about the race/gender/blood type of a writer. They do care that the writer is good, or at least competent. Phebes is not a good writer, and was only even included as a publicity stunt.  I hope that helps.
Saw the film. You are correct about people monetizing outrage ,and that's bad. But so is the film. Overlong, confusing, murky-looking, What did Saffin want? What was his motivation? Why? Where did he go for 75 minutes?  In Living Daylights, MI6 sent three 00s on a training mission to play paintball. Here the fate of the planet is at stake and they send...two?!  Virtually nothing about the plot stands up to scrutiny, and the action was dull. Even the fight you mentioned with the stairwell. We've seen it before in True Detective and countless other films, but better (Atomic Blonde for one). Never Say Never Again was not great, but at leas it's ending was fun. After COVID, I was expecting a fun romp. Instead I got the most downbeat Bond of all. THE worst of the series.
Save for Chris Cornell's belter, "You Know My Name", the opening credit songs of the Daniel Craig Bonds (even Adele's "Skyfall") have been largely bland and forgettable with Sam Smith's "Spectre" number, being the worst of the lot. Sorry, but picking flavour of the year Pop idols to lead these flicks was wrong thinking and Eilish's "NTTD" song, didn't to anything to break through that mindset.
No Time To Die was trash. Super woke and boring af. Every character says goodbye to Bond in a "off-the-cuff" way. None of your praise has merit since I've seen the movie and know what exactly you think you are praising (which isn't praise worthy). Sure I'm happy you got to watch a movie in the theater. Should've picked a different one honestly, would've saved you some money. Sorry man, but you shouldn't be telling people to spend money on a good experience you had instead of a good movie.
Did you get metroid dread? It's a great game.
Ok I've given up at 7 minutes in. I Just wanted to hear the review 😕
People give Billy shit because she constantly contradicts herself when she gives interviews and then does a social media post doing the opposite of what she preaches. 🤔
Metroid shirt coinciding with the release of Metroid Dread? My people.
If you didn't find forced the scene with the russian scientist being comically racist, I am not sure what do you consider "a topic that a bunch of suit put in a movie for the sake of adding a checkmark"  :) Also your point of going to watch the movie to form an opinion is valid; but if I don't like the movie those money go in the pocket of the suits independently if I like the movie or not. Hard to send a message about not wanting politics and non-genuine topics that are in a movie for the sake of gaining favors from activists, when they see that you paid the ticket. The point is to NOT pay the ticket and watch the movie, if you hear something that does not resonate as genuine with you; and since there are many talented reviewers like you, that monetize either if they complain or if they pick the side of hollywood and activists; there is always a way to make an opinion about a movie, without watching it.
You can think so clearly and so deeply into the production the acting and everything else in a movie but when it comes to other peoples opinions and concerns about the direction of a franchise, And how Hollywood has gone, your depth of thought is less than a thimble?
This is the worst  ever 007 ever stupid directors who made this movie
First glance Remi Malek looked like Rowan Atkinson lol
Daniel Craig is my favorite Bond. But, as a kid Roger Moore was my Bond. I just miss the goofy toys and corny humor that Craig’s Bond movies have lacked. I don’t take Bond movies seriously. So, I watch for the fun and cool gadgets Bond has as a spy. Craig is so handsome and I think my heart skipped a beat when in Casino Royale he came out of the water!!!!! WOW!!!!!!
Review Dune Also Please.....  Want to know your thoughts
Watch it first and then have an opinion. Well said Chris
I've seen it twice and the first time I cried at the end and the second time I watched it I cried throughout. The themes of finality as well as the references that were cute but not in your face and the fact that whilst the film was about love and family and loss and finding yourself and the people you love again, it also felt very much like a bookmark like hey, this part of your life is over. This character that's been with you your whole life, thematically goes through an ending as well which has never really happened in a bond film, there's always a suggestion of things moving on really, even on her majesty's secret service because we don't have a long running narrative with that iteration of that character in that film to feel as much weight as there is in this film. Last year I finished uni and left and had to live back at my parents for a whole year until I was able to start getting enough work to live on my own and even then it was a struggle. I'm now moving somewhere else to work in TV full time in the sound department which is what I've been trying to do after emailing so many production sound mixers and getting nothing back and just doing all these shitty low paid bits of commercial work or unpaid work when I just really missed narrative and drama and just went and did a student film because I just felt so down. It feels like bond has finally come to a close, obviously it will continue but with the way it ties together Craig's iteration of the character and the way it both references and answers what's come before, it really felt like it came to a painful tying of the bow on the franchise and my life up until now and it really profoundly upset me as well as being exactly what I didn't know I needed. Overall as a movie I'd put it third in the Craig films after Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace (I just love the early Craig physicality and how much of a monster he is in fights in those as well as having the best plots for a spy thriller type of thing, they got more artsy and more in depth with the themes with Skyfall and this which they do great but it's different right) spectre was such a misfire for me but hey. Love Craig and can't wait to see which way they take bond next.
it was good.  but not as good as skyfall
Don’t listen to the idiots who call this woke. If your a bond fan go see this! Support this!
Daniel Craig's parody on SNL was AWESOME!!!!!
the only reason why I liked this movie was because I saw it in the movie theater with my dad and cause its a James Bond movie, everything else was 3/10
Not everyone worships theaters like you do Chris.  I'll wait till it's free to stream (if it's worth it) so they don't get any money out of me.
Glad to hear another man of culture that likes Casino Royale better than Skyfall.
You can say this movie doesnt pander and i can believe that But dont be duplicitous and claim the ONLY reason people had an issue with Phoebe Waller-Bridge was "her being female" That had nothing to do with most people's concerns and you know that
I love 007 since I was a Kid playing Golden Eye 64 this movie made me Cry Hope we get a new Bond siin
I am curious, don't people feel dumb after watching the 20th film about a guy who has to save the world? Are we really that dumb as spectators ? ... I wonder
Its the toughest decision deciding between whats better casino royale or skyfall both amazing
When I was young I though idiots were few and far between. Then the internet happened.  Just to clarify (see statement above), this is in reference to Chris talking about ludicrous social media outrage and willful misunderstanding and intentional misrepresentation about this and that, not him or his channel or this review.
Say what you want about sean connery's bond being masogynistic, but HE got the job done in far less time.  2 hours and 43 minutes is too long for any movie. Keep the theater time short and sweet, save the extra 3 hours for the directors cut, dvd or streaming services.
This was the worst Bond movie I’ve ever seen!  It was time for this movie to die!  What a Slough!
POV: You searched how to die
Love. That. T-shirt.  Metroid forever.
While Craig in my mind didn't dethrone the king (Connery) he got damn closer then any other actor to take on this role. I know it's been six years since Spectre, but I don't mind the producers taking another six years to get the casting of 007 right. Regardless of who dons the Tuxedo while sipping Martini's that are shaken not stirred.
here is a problem with your rationale.  if i pay stupid money to see a shit movie, i'm not going to be okay with that.  as an audience, we have lost faith in hollywood due to their drop in quality and preachy material.  We need to do research to find out if it's okay to get a second mortgage to see a movie.  that's why we are skeptical and reactionary.  We know that the producers are assholes that only care about money, not content, so they will shovel colorful garbage at us and tell us we are prejudiced, sexist, or racist if we think their content is crap. I'm done paying a fortune to walk out of a movie disappointed.  The last bond film, spectre , was boring and had a terrible ending.  When we see the trailers for the new movie, we are already alienated by the studio and are extremely skeptical.
I hope you see Transformers 7 in 2022 :)
Hey Chris, why not do a review of Star Wars Visions?
You've got such a balanced perspective and I always love hearing your take.
your reviews are weird and horrible, smh
Pretty much my opinions of the film too. Casino Royale and Skyfall are still better, but this was a pretty great movie!
Okay, but does anyone know where that Metroid shirt is from???? I NEED IT!!!
Casino Royale was great, although there have been so many James Bond movies they're all blending together in my brain - variations of the same plot.
A spin off series about Paloma would be amazing. She's a great highlight in this movie, I couldn't get enough of her
This guy likes the Fast movies!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 kills all credibility!!!’
Chris, if you’re not going to bother understanding people’s opinions then don’t insult them.
Skyfall was BS
10 min review but spending like 3 min at the start talking about bullshit not tied to the movie
I agree with all of this. I work in film and the production value was perfect. I loved the cinematography- especially the shot of Bond in the round hallway that echoed the historic openings. Save for a few times where they had typical silly “that could never happen” Bond moments, I think they did a great job- and it’s satisfying to know Phoebe was a part of it. Definitely wasn’t pandering by any means
Was all good I thought Rami Malik could be more villain I don’t blame him I blame the writer and director they started good with the scary mask but they back story of safin wasn’t enough. And they don’t have to repeat lucifer name to villainies Safin !!!!
Killing James Bond to give way to a strong wahmen? No thanks.
Do a review of the night house
The forest scene was just…💋…like a chefs kiss
I think it's because Billie endorsed a Potato for Pwez.
You can't blame fans for disliking certain movies when Hollywood actively generate outrage to promote their work.
We been going to the theater here in AZ for a year already! California sucks
I think the hate on Billie Eilish has more to do with how she romantizices depression. Actually, I think people put more hate in her fans than Billie herself. I don´t aprove of the gratituous hate, but at the same time I feel like telling these people "Depression is not cool and trendy, please stop".  No comments on the Bond film, I havent seen it yet. I was waiting for someone to confirm it´s not woke.
I would love that you will review movies from Spider-Man universe, like Venom, No Way Home and if there will be others! Keep up the good work!!
Kinda weird hearing Chris talk about barely seeing movies in theaters since I think I’ve only seen like three new movies not in theaters in the last two years not counting HBO max movies! I guess if you never stopped going to theaters weekly it would seem a little overrated hearing people lament over not going so often. When it’s packed it’s still just as bad as your remember but I guess it still does have a bit of nostalgia to it. Can’t say I’m complaining but it’s still interesting take to hear about. Great movie by the way, excellent!
Dear Chris. I don't trust your review. As they say in "The Batman", "Please do not lie". I chose not to watch it because of the comments made by the producers and the director herself, not some anonymous troll.   I do not go to the movies to be indoctrinated (this is not nazi Germany), let alone pay to have that ideology shoved down my throat.  I mean, you expect people to believe there is no agenda in pitting a female black woman character against James Bond in the midst of 2021?   I'll pass. It's my money anyway, right?
A masterpiece of ending. Made me cry and that is very rare for me. Awesome movie
This movie slapped.  It was a cool tribute to nearly all the Bond films that came before. Casino Royale was a great intro to Craig’s Bond, QoS was ok, Skyfall was pretentious af - learned next to nothing about Bond’s family (who tf is Kincade anyway??), and Spectre had some cool action, but silly ass ending.
Motivations and plot did not really make the most sense to me but the action and visuals were great. To me was an entertaining movie
Blue eyes controversy is not "stupid." Craig resembles nothing like Fleming's Bond.
I love Bond However this film was insulting Bond Is a Terrible Judge of Character hes Lied to a Hunded times by his wife and if he didnt listen to her  he would be fine  and MI6 Has terrible hiring Practices in this film M Overseas a Bioweapon that would have anyone fired and the producers dont care they say James Bond will Come back my theatre reaction was wtf was that ending
Chris's "small screen" is just a little bit smaller than a movie theater's screen.
billie eilish is talented?! I rather be crazy then like that “artist”. Poor influence for young people.
Bruh people aren’t mad about Phoebe cause she’s a woman. They were mad because her style of writing doesn’t fit with what people expect from bond. Honestly lost a sub because of that weak move. People need to stop with this crap of Ian people don’t like something it’s because of gender, race, sexuality, or anything like that. Using that argument is weak, especially for someone who is some movie critic and thinks being a movie critic is an art form. I’m not saying it’s not, but nuance bro. Nuance.
B minus ， too dragged out
Can we assume Chris is doing a Metroid Dread review
I'm 29 years old, I grew up on Bond like every other Bond fan. Seeing Casino Royale in theaters in 2006 when I was in 7th grade is the definitive cinema experience of my youth, I will always cherish that moment, much like how people feel when they saw Star Wars in theaters for the first time as a kid. The franchise as a whole means so much to me, and Daniel Craigs tenure will always be my favorite. No Time to Die is exactly what I wanted from his finale. Every action scene and car chase is phenomonal. Its hilarious. It's bittersweet. It's heart wrenching. And the fan service is so well done. There are so many nods to the franchise, but they never feel out of place, and they are so subtle that I'm sure an casual Bond fan wouldn't even notice. But what I love most is that it is a soft remake of a certain Bond film from the past, (I won't say for spoilers). Any hardcore Bond fan knows that film in particular is a giant outlier in the series. I couldn't think of a better way to end Daniel's tenure because I think his films will always also be considered a giant outlier in the franchise. Ending his run this way just feels so fitting and it really feels like we've come full circle on the franchise as a whole. I'm sad that it's over, but I'm beyond happy that it happened, and I'm so excited for the future of the franchise. Thank you Barbara. Thank you Cary. And most of all, thank you Daniel.
Rami Malek character had me bored to death. Other than that I thought it was like you said, the best close to a bond series.. I consider this and Casino Royale good bookends to an otherwise extremely forgettable franchise.
Billie Eilisch is talented, but I wish she would enunciate more clearly when she sings. She’s very numbly and mush-mouthed, Like Sam Smith (yikes!)
is that a metroid dread t shirt?
I saw 👀 this movie 🎥 yesterday.  I love ❤️ it.  The ending almost made me cry 😢.  NoTime To Die.  A double plus.  A++!!
I coudnt agree more. there will never EVER EVER be another Bond like Daniel Craig. He is TBE hands down. I agree with the the ranking. Casino Royale was the PERFECT spy movie. This one was kinda different. But definitely good.
The movie was a Masterpiece. It had all the elements that made me fall in love with the franchise. The Daniel Craig treatise of the Bond character was brilliantly orchestrated by allowing the audience to witness his growth and humanity. Not gonna lie - did not see the ending, coming. As a formidable fan, l would openly brag about having seen EVERY film in the franchise,  (even the David Niven spoof) at least 5 times!  All the other films left me feeling energized and eager for the next installation. Dare I say, the ending to "No Time to Die" was more like a love letter to fans, conveying Craig's thanks and appreciation for supporting him, as the timeless character "James Bond". Unlike other characters, perhaps overstaying their welcome,  (akin to a Boxer who's warrior spirit flame is never extinguished, even though everyone else knows it's overtime) this time, this Bond, is going out on his own terms! Bravo! I absolutely loved it and was saddened at the same time! Damn you, Craig!  I guess dialogue in the FILM said it best of '007', "it's just a Number." Another character can carry the "number", but how will the Franchise and future characters carry the "name"? Interesting dilemma for writers, but makes clear, we won't see Craig, as Bond again. Big Ups though...through-out, Craig. Absolutely One of the Best Who Ever Did it, and Got Away Wit It!
Yo where did he get that shirt.
Bruh you’ve gotta go look at your reviews from 7 years ago. Bright lighting energetic, engaged, passionate - you looked happy and like you loved doing this
I wish you did not use the f word so much.
Nobody would ever kill a worldwide acclaimed and beloved character like Superman or Mickey Mouse: it would be absolutely crazy and, to make things much worse, totally unprofitable. Needless to say, such a reckless stunt would look even worse right after almost two years of pandemic-related suffering and misery. Nonetheless, that obnoxious, devilish Broccoli-Wilson duo, made such an ill-fated decision during what should have been a most relaxed and pampered lockdown, literally drowning in their multibillionaire's lives. So, they thought it better to get rid once and for all of their very own cash cow.   I found it, therefore, quite useless, on our part, to simply go on trying to “save” a movie that simply shouldn’t exist. Who cares about screenwriting (awful, I agree with all of you), direction (poor, to say the least) and photography (slightly above the average), when 007 already left for good at the end of Spectre? Why pack a premeditated and quite preposterous kill in a medium-quality movie, just to left the audience puzzled, numb, speechless and, most of all, totally unsatisfied?!   Maybe those two mischievous movie-makers have got sick of money, but there should have been many other ways to get themselves rid of such a terrible “burden”, without literally butchering their adoring audience worldwide. Some 55 years of Bond history have been recklessly thrown away and reduced down to just Daniel Craig’s exhausted run as Bond in a very disrespectful way when it comes to Ian Fleming, Connery, Moore, Lazenby, Dalton and Brosnan.  And, who cares about that very devastating ending being “perfect” for an ill-devised and poorly developed 5-film “series”?!?! 007 has never been a Netflix series or is it going to be?
I think they should create a serious comedy called SCRIPTED TO DIE where like Scary Movie they mimic how people easily survive anything so simple when movie scripted to die, but the script writers fated the unavoidability of dying so stupid by not getting away.  Even i KNEW Bond would touch her and then kill the guy with a simple touch who was in prison. You see it just like you can see the asteroid Jah is sending to remake this planet. AND know exactly where it's going to strike.
@9:05 The plea from a rational person in our crazily off-tilt world. Basically, 'just watch the movie before hating it', instead of going in determined to fit it into a hole you've already dug. Amen Chris. You a breath of fresh air in the fetid swamps of social media.
Great review that covered nothing
I hate this movie but I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen any James Bond film starring Daniel Craig.
The music’s shite. They don’t play the Bond theme anymore. They reference it in an amorphous orchestral wall of sound load of bollocks.   They did the same thing with Dr Who.   Where are Monty Norman and John Barry when you need them?
Excellent review.. thank-you !
Spectre was so bad. QoS was better
Can't wait to support my local theaters as I've done for years so long as they support my medical autonomy and freedom to forgo a useless face diaper. Thnx for the review.  Respect
I'm so sad my dad never got to see this final James Bond movie, he passed away a  few months ago. He passed on this love for Bond
Where I disagree with you about the tribal warfare/anger monetization angle is aren't there plenty of media made/aimed for women.  Why can't there be anything just for men.  The disconnect is that you can go hard on all the things women want in movies i.e. sexual empowerment, strong, independent, career driven, single mother issues...the list goes on.  But there are no movies that are solely aimed towards men...those movies have to be diverse and Twitter driven.  If women want complex, female characters to watch, go create a female franchise where they get that.  Men do not always need so much complexity from their characters...in fact its nice when we get to see simple characters.  Isn't real life complex enough?
Very meandering review
Pretty lame that Stuckman would rather spend time shitting on the people reacting to the woke BS that the studio created than either giving them the benefit of the doubt or just moving on
Title of this movie should have been "No more boring exposition".  The whole middle act and the first half of the last act were dreadful.
I agree 100%
I get why he's made this change, and I would rather him talk highly of movies he enjoys, but I must admit, I miss Chritical Stuckman points. He had a very good way of analyzing a film and pointing out its flaws, and now it feels like he's just been in love with every blockbuster of the last few months.
Really, the only good Craig Bond film is Casino Royale. I like him as an actor, its not his fault that the successive movies were worse and worse, horrible, disastrous.
Didn't he say he doesn't make movie reviews anymore? Or that money started slowing down?
She says double-oh what? and then repeats double-oh what?  and again double-oh what?    I like it when Daniel Craig says 7A;  youre 7B.  Oh wait i scripted that!   Because i have a brain where things are going when script writers do not.
I would just make the argument that the initial trailer lead to a lot of the assumptions that have fans of the franchise had
Great film. Gotta see it again. Casino is still #1 by a mile but this is 2nd.
Did you really say idky people have a problem with Waller Bridge then say oh cause she's a woman and immediately after saying that you go on about these Studios plugging politics into movies? Maybe just a thought instead of guessing and being a twat put both things together and understand why people are concerned about Waller Bridge suprised to see you play the if you criticize a woman then oh you're sexist bullshit dude.
This is the best ******  James Bond movie ever. My favorite will always be Spectre, BUT the credit where credit is. This movie was well done performed flawlessly and masterfully, and Craig will always be my James Bond. No disrespect to Rover Moore and Sean Connery, they're legends, but seeing a human Bond, Craig will be the best in my opinion. The movie theme touched my fibers and yes, I agree with Chris, I was very skeptical from the social media topics, the new generation, the whole changing 007, the whole yadda yadda, this movie touched all those topics gracefully and not dissapointing anyone. Respect to everyone. No time to Die, wont dissapoint NOBODY
Who'd next?  Watch them pull some woke shit and make a female Bond.  Jane Bond.  Or some other nonsense.
That forest chase scene was amazing. I was brought back to the one take shootout scene in the first season of True Detective (also directed by Cary Fukanaga)
I love Bond and action scenes as everybody does, what I don’t understand is why nobody notices the countless times when arguments and events make no sense. Part of the thrill of a movie is to be immersed in it, believing it, no matter if it’s science fiction, super heroes or whatever. But government ‘intelligence’  agencies that make amateur mistakes, villains completely tied in a maximum tech cell that control the world, etc, etc …. Mmm … I guess logic is not required in any movie anymore.
Dude, I’ve always enjoyed your commentary & perspective. While I’m not one of the phoebe haters, I understand why people got upset, and for you to say people got upset by that because she is a woman is either exceptionally disingenuous, dishonest, and shows a lack of ability to be objective OR an incredible lack of intelligence. I’ve watched you enough to know you are NOT stupid. People were displeased by her well known reputation of being a man hating, sjw, Anti-straight white male, politically motivated writer that tries to shove propaganda down people’s throats with 2 hands at every turn. A lot of people, myself included, are tired of seeing characters & franchisees neutered, berated, and ridiculed for nothing more than being loved by the “wrong” people. I’m all about a strong female character or a strong black character, or a gay character, etc. what I am tired of is people swapping out established characters for a new one. If they want a girl,lgtbq or whoever then create an original one, don’t swap out a beloved character OR emasculate or dumb them down to prop up a woke character. Bruv, there is no way you hadn’t heard or thought of that perspective. So please don’t feed into the bs narrative that it was because she is a woman. White knighting is soooo very lame when it’s bologna. Integrity and intellectual honesty are rare and refreshing, virtue signaling is very sheep like. Be rare bro
Daniel Craig is the best Bond in your opinion. You're entitled to your opinion--Even though you're wrong.
Great review, Chris.
"It's just a number" is the quote in the movie I KNOW they put it to shut people up. Brilliant
I thought this movie had a great ending
You are my favorite reviewer by far bro!  Appreciate your insight and you legit know your shit!  Thanks!
The problem with Phoebe Waller-Bridge is not she’s a women it’s she’s just cringey and you tell which lines she added to the film. I don’t think so called comedians should be writing the script for films like this. The tone of this film wasn’t as dark and gritty and casino royale or skyfall.
Why did you swear? You're giving a very good eloquent review and then you swear... why? Bye bye.
Gorgeous film
Why are whole movies feeling like a long ass trailer? Idc anymore .
Why is it okay to kill off our heroes?  Last few years we lost, Wolverine, Han Luke, & Leah AND now James Bond!  LEAVE OUR HEROES BE HEROES there  is enough darkness especially in todays HATE FILLED world.  I go to movies to escape from reality for at least an hour or so AND I make it a point NOT to see dramas because they are so depressing so please leave our heroes alone.
When will you review Dune Mr. Stuckmann?
This is the end of James Bond for a while. Future James Bond’s will be absent of James Bond and that is a problem.
Im not sure if i agree with chris on this one sorry
U r silly, if u think this movie is good. Not at all a bond movie, period
Clicbate face Chris 🤦😭
People seeing characters having emotions other than being edgy and kill shit every 5 minute = woke filmmaking, sjw, pandering. Alright.
Lashawn Lynchs character was sooooo annoying and the performance was awful - they through the q is gay thing as a throw away line - Parts of the film I loved, parts I hated
You know why some of us don't like some of the new directions. Its because of politics and woke-culture.
I saw it last night.... I still can't sink in that ending.
Want to make the experience even better, go to a drive in instead and bring a doobie slurpee and pizza with you😉
And now he's dead
indeed, dalton underrated as a sexy fun bond. ur positive review of this new bond film is one of the few ive seen.  most, me also, see it as lame.
thank you for this video \ at the end of the movie it said bond  will return, but in what form. will it be in the form of anything BUT straight white male. get ready for a female or black or gay or Asian or hispanic even american... i can't wait. how about this a hispanic gay black female that was born in china but grew up in new york why not get them out of the way in one character
“One of the first things I talked about with my wife”. A girl who likes to talk 007? Where do you find those!? I must know!
Please review Lamb and help me understand wtf I watched.
You and I had vastly different experiences as Bond fans it seems, which is perfectly fine, just a bit strange. I thought as a movie it was incoherent and messy. Characters were once again written shallow and single-layered. The action was very stagey, which is a thing in Bond movies, but the action genre has produced far better and more natural flows for the past 20 years. The foggy forest scene do stand out though, just too short with a poor reward at the end. The black lady agent, though better than expected, still made me think she was shoe-horned politically rather than practically, which is perhaps more a flaw on my side given the oversensitive times we live in than the actual movie, but her character was so weak and redundant, so perhaps not.  I think it is one of the worst Bond movies because of how little it thinks of the intelligence of its audience. It is very childish at times, inconceivably immature in its reasoning of sequences, technology, the dialogue. While I was watching the very serious narrative about a biotech weapon by a terrorist organization hell-bent on destroying the modern institutions that safeguard democracies seemed out of touch with the reality of the current world, where nationalist accomplish the same by just spreading propaganda through social media platforms at a fraction of the cost. I simply think Bond has unfortunately run its course as a serious franchise, because the real-world backdrop does not allow it the same level of detachment post-2015, which makes it difficult to take the premise of the movie seriously when you know that once the credits roll, the actual threat resumes. Yes, movies are about escapism and Bond movies exist on some parallel universe setting, but it has always been a running theme for Bond films to draw inspiration from real political world affairs, perfectly exemplified in shitty, but relevant Tomorrow Never Dies where the villain is personifying fake media/propaganda. Again, I think you sometimes have these blind spots for franchises you care about and it prevents you from judging them appropriately harsh when need be.  To me, this was just another demonstration of a very high budget action movie with brains-off plot, script, characters and flow. I expect more from Bond movies, I don't know why, but with the exception of Casino Royale, they have not delivered under Craig.
I forgive the title ❤️
Sad he gave no score.
It’s pronounced ‘Crayg’ not Creg 😅
It's a shame that most youtube movie reviewers are afraid to negatively criticize this movie. There are a LOT of problems with it, but it is still a good movie. To not speak of those plotholes and pacing issues is holding your review back a lot.
Stuckmann your such a hypocrite. Going on and on about how it's popular to rage at films, whilst forgetting your own published content on the Prequels, where you directly cite RedLetterMedia as a direct inspiration. Get your act together.
Spoiler review??
Great review. This was an ultra-good Bond movie. Great action, perfect stunts, perfect storyline and top notch acting from Daniel Craig. That was really a really difficult tightrope to walk for all involved. I can‘t wait to see how things move forward with the franchise but these 5 movies will always stand for what Bond should be about. I think Nolan can do it with Tom Hardy.
Agreed on Craig's Bond. And i grew up on Connery and Moore. He's hands down the best Bond.
Man, people are outraged for a reason and Waller Bridge is loathed for a shit load more reasons than she is a woman and to insinuate that she is loathed just for her gender is simply ignorant. Unsub
I personally hope this is the last James Bond movie. It would be a nice finish to this amazing series of movies.
Great review as always. Going to see it soon!
Has Chris shared where he gets his T-shirts?
I loved everything about this film except for one thing... The plot. Rami's character (the villain) needed much more flushing out. His intentions or end game is never entirely clear. He was mad about Mr. White killing his family. And that is all we really know. And it is an absolute travesty how little screen time they gave Ana De Armas. The instant she appeared on screen, she just screamed Bond Girl and oddly enough, her beauty and action scene alone defined the film as a Bond film. There was so much more potential to this film. Honestly, I think it needed another hour or at least a more meaningful plot.
It’s funny I was 6 and my dad took me to see casino Royale. Still love that movie to this day.
Great fucking film
I can feel chris being fake on this review now that he is inside the industry
What a terrible movie! Killing off Bond was just stupid.
Very affected by the ending 😩😩😩😩😩
"OUTSIDE" OF HOLLYWOOD,  *007* ISN'T *JUST* A NUMBER❗
I know for a fact that you're not a James Bond fan, considering that you think Daniel Craig is the best James Bond! No opinion on this one, you are absolutely dead wrong
Next james bond will definitely be a woman or a black guy
NO TIME TO DIE IS A U.S/U.K MOVIE NAME SETUP....DO WE KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE DOC HOLLYWOODISM - J, MOVIE AND THE AMERICAN DREAM ⁉️
I love No Time to Die! I love James Bond!
I went back and watched your Casino Royale review and I thought it was brilliant. I miss this level of enthusiasm. I hope you can find your way back to this eventually. Great work!
Rami Malek was just awful. Not even a bit bad but egregiously terrible. He was trying way too hard to be a creepy villain but just ended up mumbly and annoying. Absolutely no depth or defined motive. I actually really liked this movie until the last ⅓. The more screen time Rami Malek got the more I hated it.
I had to stop the video to wipe the slime after your "..i guess cause shes a woman..? " fake-@ss  and cheap "irony comment .  Dont be such a "YES MAN" and spineless dude . People got "outrageous" with Phoebe not "cause shes a woman" . You know very well the deeper reasons,  but i guess riding the WOKE - SJW  wave you think brings you viewers and makes you more likeable. Its a bit pathetic , but good luck with that miss popularity 2021.
I thought you said that now that you're a "big" filmmaker you won't be critiquing other filmmakers' work.
The movie was good.
7:15 Chris, the trailers were implying that Bond would be turned into a sidekick. You have to give it to long time fans being upset. By overall i agree outrage clicks are a thing.
remember the beginning of pandemic when they said 2 weeks to flatten the curve - 99% survival rate for all those under 77 years old without comorbidity- and the world gone crazy-
One big problem with these two movies after Skyfall, and two before it for that matter, was that villains didn't feel at all as menacing as Javier Bardem's villain. They were interesting for sure, but Silva felt extremely dangerous on his own. Blofeld, Le Chiffre, Safin, whoever the fuck that was in Quantum lol, they just don't feel as capable. Blofeld had strong presence and Waltz does villain speech really good but i guess he hadn't the opportunity to exercise his wits as much. Silva outdid them all.
I genuinely don’t envy you, Chris, having all these misogynistic, anti-woke and anti-vax idiots in your comment section. Just looking at a mere handful of them is absolutely exhausting.
that intro
First movie I have seen in theaters since the pandemic began.......loved it!!
Americans can't say 'Craig'.
Rami's character was incredibly underbaked. Barely any real exposition and needed way more screentime. Shame as Rami is a phenomenal actor who definitely deserved better.
Killing James Bond on screen is unforgivable.  It's a disgrace! I will never forgive them for doing that.  Oh and by the way - "LET'S GO BRANDON!"
Daniel.Craig kicks arse the most realistic Bond Period !
the movie was perfect up until the end of cuba mission, then it really drag and go down.. it wont be remembered as one of the best bond movie of all time. this is no Skyfall or Casino Royal.
Hey Chris are you ever gonna finish up the Long Halloween by reviewing part 2?
Chris, have you ever seen a movie called Julia's Eye's, since it is the spooky season, it might be worth a review :) It's by Del Torro by the way.
I've seen that film. And. I've cried. I felt like ....I lost my good friend. Daniel Craig Bond....I'm going to miss you...
You almost tricked me, but I checked - it's A`rmas and not Arma`s.
Thank you for your service 007.      Again.
Cat stroking Bond Villain 😂🤣😂🤣
The Pretty Reckless - 25  is still a better bond theme than billie's
No time to Die is a really good Bond movie and a good final performance from Daniel Craig as 007. There were a lot of good moments and throwbacks to classic James Bond,  which I loved because I also grew up with the old James Bond movies and it's great to see that amidst all the drama, James Bond can still crack a one-liner once in a while.
Hey Chris. I follow you for 5 or 6 years now and I always valued your oponion very much. You have a good sense for characters, scripts, visuals and movies in general. Unfortunately, this sounds like a payed review for me. "No time to Die" is a horrible movie in any way. It´s overlong, the plot makes absolutely no sense, every interesting Bond Character gets reduced to nothing (M, Q, Moneypenny) for the sake of to many non sense characters, which do nothing for the plot or the character of Bond. Daniel Craig has nothing to do and is honestly also horrible and seems just bored. 10 Friends of me watched the movie allready and no one liked it even a little bit. Even my Dad hated it, who is only visiting a movie theatre when a new Bond is coming out. Sorry folks, the movie just sucks big time.
If they make a story or higher certain artists for political or woke reason, i'm out. If they do it because the story needs it, i'm in. Of course i've got a bad feeling about this. What do you think? We're living in a crazy nightmare of exagerated political correctness. You have a female screenplay writer and a new female, black, agent who's "womansplaining" James Bond. How can you not think it's not woke? But you're right. Those are just bad feelings. I am going to go see it, of course. With the most open mind. And if i can't sense a woke message in there, like you seem to say you never felt, i'll be pleasantly surprised. But i doubt it. It's already palpable in the trailer.
5/10 movie
Movie was mediocre. Shame, still don't know anything special about the villain, not enough on screen time for the villain. Blofield was a great villain and the stories in the other movies build up to the moment. This movie had a villain made with very view background information and not really building anything up, was really rushed. Storytelling was not that good. Casino Royal and Skyfall are much better movies and if you want to see a movie at this moment, go to Dune.
Nice review. I did really enjoy the movie. I devoured my large popcorn.
Not sure how to feel about it. Way to much emphasis on the love story and I was confused about the motive of the villain . Also the villain wasn’t given the screen time he deserve. The film wasn’t bad it just didn’t feel like a bond movie imo
I refuse to go to any place where I need to show proof of health and/or do a test. So FUCK the theater. Besides at home is always more convenient. Laying down with feet on the table having drinks and snack around you. Being able to pause if someone needs to go to the loo. And at home it’s not scorching hot. Or have annoying Fucking people around me. Fuck theaters... That’s the only thing I haven’t missed with this so called pandemic.
I'm just rewatching the Roger Moore films (my fav. Bond).  I think I missed the last couple Bond films.  I'll have to check this out.  I love how the franchise has evolved since it's inception back in the 60's.
Totally DISAGREE! A View to a Kill was not a comedy it was a great film! NOT THE BEST REVIEW
I like how Chris calls a spade a spade
A movie review!?!? He's back... I missed you Chris.
Much prefer the bourne franchisees to bond
He's been excellent as Bond.. Happy this wasn't as woke as early trailers showed. Just hope Henry Cavill gets the job and we don't have executives  sitting around a table as we speak with an identity political, forced diversity tick box exercise list...
Worse Bond movie ever. Woke Hollywood sucks this has nothing to do with the character Ian Fleming created.
"People are weird."  Translation: weird = morons.
Terrible movie.  Bond gets killed by a cheap plot device, the villain has no background or compelling motivation.
WHY didn't Chris give it a GRADE? Does he not do that anymore? I haven't been here for about a Year.
People generally do not what to give their money then end up hating the movie...thats like rewarding someone who made a movie you hate...
I saw it. Shitty woke Bond movie.
The ending was terrible though and should have been made much more ambiguous rather than actually showing impact - that ruined it for me ,  I hope they reboot and don’t continue with this cast …
I've seen so many people say they are done with theatres, because it's just not worth it for overblown audio and assholes who talk, bump your seat and chew their popcorn too loudly.
Ok. P.o.V. I hated the movie. Yes it's well done. But they brought in to many classic references. Heavily on OHMSS and TSWLM. The complete Ana de Armas scene was basically just written in. Her look was  copied from Barbara Bach. I hated the scene you describe when all the guys come out and Bond shoots them. But I guess I was never a video game kid. You can tell that many scenes were reshot. Christoph Waltz again is a weak Blofeld, His "Coockoo" is just stupid. Rami Malek and the whole Island is so reminiscent of Dr. No. And don't let me get started on the whole Daddy Idea... But it's a good final chapter and i love the end, because I thought it's a bold move for such a big franchise. And since Sean Connery died last year, it's a logical conclusion to let the figure.... Anyway, if they ever make a new Bond, it can only be a joke. Let Ian Flemming now rest in peace. He gave us a great character with great stories. Event something new that fits into this weird world we are living in. Villains are everywhere today, and they don't hide anymore. They rule the world with their shit. We need more than one Bond to fight these. We need an army.
Saw this movie in D-Box 3D. Hats off to Daniel Craig and the entire crew. Finally, a Bond ending on a high note 👏👏👏
What a stupid thing to say. No lots of people didn't want her involved because of her agenda not because she's a women. I love fleabag but her scenes in this film stuck out like a sore thumb. Great writer that she is I don't always want her type of humor in films especially a bond one.
After I watch this movie I will have to tell myself: “No time to cry”
I'm surprised Chris didn't mention that the director did the first season of True Detective, one of the best series ever made. That upped my interest in the film considerably.
0:34 You sounds like a brittanic version of Sylvester Stallone. 🥰  ...with cold, obviously.
Dude you've gained some WEIGHT. Your face looks mean now
Gross SJW Chris. Lame
Every movie in Craig's era James Bond is retired and must return to help the agency or friend.
The best Bond of all time? Ugh. That's a terrible position to take.
WOW! You really feel like Quantum was worse than Spectre??????? Truly? Spertre???????  ...To each his own I suppose.   For me, Spectre was a terrible film that would have been better served without the comic shenanigans (like Bond falling goofily onto a couch in the opening action set piece), Blofeld being unnecessarily related to Bond and every one of his adventures, and the over-the-top tropes (like the skull drill that Blofeld tortured Bond with). If the studio (or the creatives) wanted a more retro feeling film, they should have waited until the end of Craig's tenure to do one. As it stands (to me) Spectre is a willfully silly movie stuck in the middle of a self-serious and grounded Bond story. And it throws everything off. Watching all of the films back-to-back, it REALLY stands out as the one that feels as if it shouldn't exist in the narrative. Especially now that No Time to Die, which seems to very much share the same tone as Casino, Quantum and Skyfall is ending the narrative.  For me, if you have a series of movies, books, games, etc. that are supposed to be telling a single story; sharing a singular narrative thread, consistency between entries is paramount. (The MCU being an exception of course because "comic books". And even then they still manage to FEEL as if they're all a part of the same narrative due to visual cues and the quality of the writing.)  My personal order would be:  Skyfall, Casino, Quantum and Spectre. (I won't rank No Time until I see it, but I have a feeling it will either be before or after Casino given word of mouth.)  Just my personal opinion.
I'm still in lockdown, won't see it for ages.. I'm just glad to hear you enjoyed it.  I've been very nervous it wouldn't do Craig's finale justice
Amazing how people have bought into the plandemic and have accepted social engineering.I guess they never really valued their freedom after all — simple things like going to the cinema has now been ruined for everyone because they’ve accepted what the media has told them.
For me it didn't feel like a Bond movie. They have definitely pandered to the current climate and watered down his character.   I still enjoyed it but I switched off in parts.
Sorry I came here seeking movie review
"I think [Daniel Craig] is the best Bond of all-time."  You must have the palate of a toddler.
Chris, your reviews are really the best. Honest, authentic, passionate. Looking forward to this one!
Yeah Halloween SPECIAL!
when the Critical Drinker says that the woke aspects of this movie are basically non existent and that the trailer was misleading, then one should really have no reason to think otherwise.
I’m a huge movie guy, including a HUGE Indiana Jones fan. Still have never seen a bond film.
Honestly, I think you're too much of a pussy to say this wasn't Bond! Just another opportunity to push diversity. And try to redeem the character. Bonds a secret agent. An assassin. He's cold and calculated. He's not sensitive. Hopefully, a director that actually cares about the character of Bond will reboot the series. If they try to continue it without a white British lead I will not watch it and I don't think any Bond fan will watch it. It's disrespectful to the source material! I hope they're not that stupid!
Billie Eilish is total BS. Adele's Skyfall is the best intro ever to any bond movie.
Amc
Your wife is pretty. Not to be creepy about it. I just looked it up.
I think its when you grow up i dislike Craig , Pierre Brisnam is my favriote and my folks feel like that towards Conery and Moore they say there is not a better Bond than those two , but i will still watch the new Bond  who ever it will be.
tbh with these new big ass tv's in at least 4k to me cinemas have become so not interesting anymore. the last times i went to even good cinemas i was so let down by the image quality, it seemed all blurry and grainy and way too dark, there was no vibrancy to the image like i was used to from my home system. so if size and sound is very important to you then i guess cinema is still the way to see a movie, but for me it just is not (anymore?), so i am okay waiting for the br releases.
I think the movie is very entertaining but you're going to be pissed off so just be prepared if you're a true Bond fan you're going to be fucking livid!
wonderful review
say the reluctance is due to W-O-K-E being thrust into every popular series the public doesn't need to reminded how racist they are, while paying $80 for this lecture.
The last good bond film.
I was bored ASF ..... Villain was weak and weaselly
The ending made me cry
So the white male characters are being replaced by women in a predominantly male franchise.... where have we seen this before?
Yeah Chris people don't hate on Phoebe Waller-Bridge cause she's a woman...
just got back from watching this with my dad. yes, it was father-son bonding time.  james bonding. was bittersweet seeing daniel craig’s run come to an end. it was a different type of bond film but very good and very fitting for daniel craig. your review is spot on. and ana de armas. fucking electrifying.
Definitely agree about going back to the theater! Miss that big screen experience!
I liked it, but there were WAY too many characters, and the transitions were awkward
People don't give Billie Eilish a lot of shit. People say people give her a lot of shit.
Good review. I felt the same as you. O somehow avoided all the bullshit outrage before seeing it. Really enjoyed the film. Came home and read some of the bullshit and I'm laughing at these people. By any measure it's a really good film, a really good Bond film and a brilliant ending for Daniel Craig.
To die no time
6:55 BULLSHIT the throwaway line implying Q is gay is ABSOLUTELY political  SJW nonsense. Which they will edit out for China and other anti-gay countries.
Come on!! Let’s have Idris Elba as the next Bond!  Edit: love that you’re wearing a Metroid shirt just as Dread is coming out
Rami did a great job even though he didn’t get enough screen time
No Time To Die  "No Mr. Bond, I expect you to die" - Goldfinger
OMG,,, I got the biggest goosebumps not to give anything away the scene between M and Bond. Big Easter egg.
Wasn’t the biggest fan of this film. As the Chief Engineer in Chernobyl put it, “Not great, not terrible”.
oh nice so they replaced James Bond with a black woman in his own movie and also killed him off, that's just perfect, sounds like the James Bond film I want to see!!!!!
Saw it  Daniel craig did his part as James Bond amazing
What movie did you watch? They made Q gay and 007 a female! Still a good movie but don't say that Hollywood did interject their woke agenda.
Movie was good but not on the same level as Casino Royale and Skyfall
Anyone knows where Chris gets his T-shirts ? They nice
No time to die is about mythology. The odyssey, legacy and mythology of Bond. It’s addressed a lot throughout the movie with all the Ancient Greek mythology references. I’m actually planning on doing a video about it on my channel here soon.
People don’t hate phon Phoebe Waller Bridge, because she’s a woman, people hate her because she’s a hack who completely lacks subtlety.
While I respect your opinion, I can’t justify the “go see it (spend your money) and then make your opinion” approach, modern entertainment has been so generic, uninspired and full of social agendas in recent years that, except on a very rare occasion, it’s just not worth the risk anymore IMHO.
people didn't complain because of his eyes, people complained about his hair
Everyone do yourself a favor and go see this movie if stuckmans vote didn’t convince you look a the comments people love this movie. I was not expecting this movie to be as good as it was. GO SEE IT !!!
It was utter garbage
Great commentary and review - thanks.
Pls review new reboot of RE movie.
I would say Americans over hope films. This film may be the best for the stunts but aside from that the movie is 7/10.
I guessed that Craig would die in this movie but its still really sad. No time to die not amazingly mindblowing but it is a different film, Bond never had a family and he showed a very different side of a man.
I went in worried if the rumors were true but I never once experienced anything woke in this movie.  Even the new 007 was done very well, she felt like an actual character who had great moments with Bond and I bought she was a real badass because she was.  It’s an amazing film that deserves to be experienced.
Man you love to complain about people complaining about stuff 🤢
The outrage is cause it starts off stupid and ends up stupid. Really shitty writing. And the addition of a comedy character that's not funny and about as irritating as a mosquito bite. My intelligence was never insulted by a Dan Kraig Bond movie until now.
This movie hurt to watch
I like Daniel Craig’s bond. But this is just the worst Daniel Craig’s bond movie
Man this movie was too much to handle 😭 amazing film.
Damne , thanks to you. I have been watching reviews on this movie and they mostly say how bad the movie is. I trust you. I ll give it a try.
"All I asked for was frickin sharks with frickin laser beams attached to their frickin heads!!"
This movie sucked
Dude. Just got back and I must say... Maybe my favorite Bond film. It's up there for sure.
Around the 6 minute mark I knew Critical Drinker's fans were gonna get triggered
I love this franchise and I'm super afraid of this movie and the future lol
How did they not mention Roger Moore and Sean Connery in RIP....  I agree, they didn't shove Lashana Lynch and her character overpowering.  She was a good support.
Agree with your ranking!
I wish I wasn’t so skeptical and critical of Bonds death while I was watching the movie. I was expecting people online to think his death was dumb instead of making my own opinion on what was happening. Bond had a relationship with explosions in this film, I wonder if he got blown up 5 times, one for each film.
Your review is awesome 👏❤🙏🏻👍 I hope you can make a spoiler review very soon
Saw the film today: loved it. Glad I didn't watch your preview as you show alot although it wouldn't make sense unless you see the film. Rami should have been given more time. Not much of a backstory for him but I thought he played it well. Loved Ana!!!!!
This movie shouldn’t have happened. I’d rather it have been left at specter because Bond had no character development in this movie.
You pasty bastard. Feel better
Don't forget the absurd Blonde Bond haters. Weirdos.
2:59 I loved how you forgot Quantum of Solace existed
The problem with Craig's bond is that they never get utilize the villains fully. I gotta say all his villains are great actors.... like Mads Mikelson, Javier Bardem, Christopher Waltz, and Rami Malik. But sad to see them not live up to their true potential. They were there just as a secondary plot. All the past three bond movies have been trying so hard to create a character that hates what he does. Which is not what James Bond's supposed to be. I feel like all be did was whine for the past three movies and he's basically invincible as well. Now I know why Christopher Nolan said On Her Majesty’s Secret Service was his favorite bond movie, and Timothy Dalton was his favorite Bond to play it because it’s as close character as the books were written. He said that in his interview for BBC.
Whats the rating? I just wanna know the rating
I hate the angle used in this video. I never thought I would see another angle of you
This guy is another shill. he just hides it better than most.
It’s awful! The worst bond ever!
somber conclusion and an awesome movie.
I saw this in IMAX & I loved it. I'd say this ties Casino but falls to 2nd if I had to pick. I highly disagree with your ranking Chris. Spectre was the absolute worst. When talking Daniel Craig Bond movies.
Your voice sounded just fine and I forgot you had a cold during the video.
nothing can beat theatre experience for a movie lover i didnt enjoy no time to die as i did with other bond movies.. but the theatre experience was wow
can you review the Resident Evil Welcome to Raccoon City when it show up in theaters? 😅
The movie was excellent until the end…it ruined it for me completely
Great movie. James Bond is dead, y'all! Where do we go now? It seems to me like we have to go to the next generation,  which is his daughter.
I thought Chris said he's done with reviews?
Tom Hardy will be a perfect replacement , better than that other agendas XD
It's Craig, not Creg
I really liked it....I cried like a baby at the end. You're the man Chris great review. I really liked Rami there was just something about him a deep sadness
It does matter. Pick another #. James Bond 007 is a man!
Black female James Bond .... Jesiquanda Bondandi   It should have been named  "Time to die"
Easily the worst Bond movie I’ve ever seen. The bandwagon for everyone saying it’s awesome is big and heavy.  I just left the movie an hour ago and I thought it was pretty boring.  Blofeld getting killed on accident was a disservice to Blofeld, Bond committing suicide was a disservice, the villain was terrible and the premise was very Covid-19, and there was a lot of political undertones that nobody needs.
Saffin was very fair and kind as a villain. His henchmen seemed more brutal than Saffin himself.
Great video as usual Chris. I'm going to bring up a point that many may or may not agree with, I don't give a shit! The problem is that when things are changed for politely issues isn't what I want to see on the screen. When I go see a movie, I just want to see a good movie. Now with a Bond movie, I want to see Bond kill, make love, drive beautiful cars! Bond is a guys movie, strait up! I don't want to see a Bond movie where a woman is thrown in there n men are made to be bad! It's been done for at least 8 or more years! The real problem is that Hollyweird has gotten lazy, n instead of creating new n interesting characters, they take characters n change shit to suit their narrative. I don't mind gay characters, but let it cone organically. Don't have a 120lb woman beating up a bunch of 6ft, 250lb men like it's nothing. Uhhuh! Lol When people say there haven't been many string women in film, have they ever seen an eighties movie? I mean come on now! Anyway, love your videos, I always wait for your reviews first cause you tell it like it is. Thanks for reading my rant. Lol
I liked the cheekiness of bond and 007
Will No Time To Die release on Blu-Ray? Can someone please confirm? Because, since Amazon Prime own half the Bond franchise, I fear they may not release the Blu-Ray and they will only stream it like Netflix :( I am an old school guy and I love hard copies......  Thanks everyone 👍
Chris the reason I subscribe to your channel because u call it as u see it trust me ppl he's one of the best if not d best reviewing movies on YouTube.
I agree with you Chris but for some reason, I also feel GoldenEye was really good. Maybe because I played the N64 game for hundreds of hours.
No way is he the best Bond but he's been in the best bond movies. If that makes sense!? Why no Old movie review.... I thought Shyamalan was your inspiration!? I thought OLd was fantastic fun.
I, like many people, entered the cinema expecting a super woke film which only mission was to destroy Bond’s legacy. But in fact it was very enjoyable, entertaining and well made. I’ll miss Daniel Craig’s portrait of Bond but at the same time I’m looking forward to see what they make next.
A review with no grade?🤔
People give Billie eilish shit not because they think she's a crappy singer or something. It's mainly because she's nowhere near as good as singer as her fans make her out to be, especially given the number of awards that have just been showered on her in recent years. Even more silly is the fact that the majority of her music and lyrics come from her arguably far more talented brother. Lastly I think she just kind of rubs people the wrong way because she's young and acts like she grew up in Compton or something, despite being a sheltered, homeschooled, middle class white kid. Just feels a bit insincere.
Time to reboot Bond.
Personally I dislike Le Chiffre for the reason you like him: he was in deep trouble and a weak character for a Bond villain, not a powerful nemesis of Bond. Bardem on the other hand is flamboyantly crazy, yet you can understand his motivation.
Great Metroid Dread Shirt!
Loved this movie perfect standoff for the Daniel Craig James Bond
What grade did chris give the movie? Not looking for spoilers.
I enjoyed this film. My only real gripes were that the main villian didnt have much of a boss fight like the others. He sort of went out how Blofeld did except he died in his movie. Oh and Ana de Armas didn't get as big of a role as I thought she would
Great review. P.s. great shirt. Playing metroid tonight!
I realized I only saw the first 2 of Craig's run as Bond....not sure if I'll catch up
Hmm, I respect your review but I would put this in order from best to least in my opinion   1. Skyfall 2. No Time To Die 3. Casino Royale 4. Spectre 5. Quantum of Solace
Unfortunately, I must strongly disagree. I found NO TIME TO DIE interminably slow, lackluster, and underwhelming. I say this as a fan of James Bond and of Daniel Craig as James Bond. I really wanted to love this movie and yes, there were a few poignant scenes. However, overall, the movie is not good at all. The narrative just wallows around for two hours, maundering between scenes and bumbling through character motivations. The villain (Rami Malek) was also unremarkable, a cut-and-paste placeholder. I was actually nodding off in this movie. Even the opening title sequence was disappointing. In all, a supremely boring disappointment. I wanted Craig to go out far stronger.
It's the end of an era and the end of the best portrayal of James Bond ever. As always, Daniel Craig's performance of 007 was stellar and flawlessly great. I am sorry that he won't be reprising the role. I'm getting the sinking feeling  that they going to try replacing him with a woman. I hope I'm wrong. Don't get me wrong, I'm a feminist at heart and I believe women should have the same opportunity to play tough actions heroes. But playing Bond is a whole different kettle of fish. Bond is the archetypal personification of cool, suave tough as nails lady's man. It just doesn't and wouldn't work for a woman. Men want to be Bond and let's face it, women think he's dreamy and wouldn't mind being swept off their feet by a guy like that. If the franchise goes against type, they're going to ruin it and the box office receipts will show it because nobody will go and see Jane Bond 007. Sorry!
Saw it at the first showing Thursday....I thought the plot was not as good as most bond movies but the action definitely helps. I did not care for the way they humanized bond , he has always been a cold heart and a gun but they took that away here which did not sit well. I look forward to seeing how they continue the bond story now that craig is no longer the actor playing the iconic role. I hope they select a actor in their late 20s or early 30s so they can have a solid 4 films before they start to look to old to be bond. I caught myself thinking he looks a lot older then I saw him in spectre.
Typical beta simpoid.  Has to lash out at other, more talented youtubers
Who cares if you miss the theater. If the movies that are being created betray the characters and fans, why spend $$$ on Hollywood.
Chris, great review (as always).
Hi Chris, I thought you're not going to review big movies solo anymore. Somehow I feel like Shangchi was not treated fairly because you did a double review in that video.
Loving the Metroid T-shirt! 👾
the movie seemed childish next to Casino royale
I'm a massive Bond fan, but this is just unwatchable for me. When I heard the reviews say "It's better than Quantum and Spectre", my reaction is- joking right? The plot is way too messy and the actions are lazy either. The first 10 minutes are great, after that, I can't relate to the villain's motivation, and all the Land Rovers get crashed in seconds, the easiest way possible, and the ending is disrespectful🤧. I felt like they did it for the sake of doing it, instead of the movie telling them to be, numb to say the least.
Really happy to hear this movie came out good.
Are those VHS tapes in the bookcases?
Does that shirt mean we're getting a Metroid: Dread review?
Seeing it in IMAX tomorrow! Still don't believe it's actually happening. 😂
Hot take: People wouldn't be able to monetize outrage if the "artists" weren't shoving their agendas down the world's collective throat for the last 2 months. Happens with almost every major release. When a movie plays it down the middle, it's criticized my the mainstream and gets a sub 40% critic review on Rotten Tomatoes (with a corresponding 80%+ user reviews).  It shouldn't matter if there was a black, female 007. 20 years ago it wouldn't  matter. It a world gone "woke", according to the "smart people" it's all that matters.
How come you haven't made a review yet about "Old" by M. Night Shyamalan?! You're his biggest fan!!
Also I very much disagree with you, I actually think this is the worst Bond film ever.
Chris did you seriously play the gender card with the fan backlash over Phoebe Waller Bridge? No one cares that she's a woman, if they did then someone would have complained about Barbara Broccoli or Judi Dench becoming the new M a long time ago. People don't like Phoebe Waller Bridge because she's a terrible writer.
You might not know this but the puns and sharp dialog was all Sean Connery's doing he said Bond in the books is boring ,so they added some wit and Bond was based on Flashman from Tom Browns schooldays
Actually, Connery had three “final films”: He quit the series after YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE, which made casting George Lazenby necessary for ON HER MAJESTY’S SECRET SERVICE, then was wooed back with a then record salary for DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER after John Gavin had already been signed to play Bond in that film, and then made NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN more than a decade after that. (And yes, I do count that as a Bond film although it was a non-EON remake of THUNDERBALL.)
Chris' skin hasn't seen the sun in 6 years. He practically glows in the dark. lol
Brutal awful script, it’s no wonder Danny Boyle jumped ship. Felt like a committee wrote it, a rollercoaster in the worst possible sense. Pacing off, tone all over the place, dialogue v strange , unnecessary characters (Mormon CIA dude), the new 007 gag being done twenty times, Ana de Armas micro scene. There is actually a good movie in there somewhere, just ridiculously handled. Viable contender for worst Bond film ever made.
The end of Jame Bond.....finally, 60+ years and now no more!  Hollywood finally finished him off!  LOL!  My crowd hated the ending, but I just laugh!  ...Time To Die!
Lazenby had the most important film in the franchise. It would have been better had Connery not walked away. But OHMSS is really a solid and top notch Bond Film.
Connery's last bond movie is the Rock.
NO, DON'T GO SEE IT. TELL HOLLYWOOD THAT 007 IS A MAN AND ALWAYS HAS BEEN.
this movie sucked.
Chris Stuckman not looking good.
wasted potential of a movie 5/10
I honestly don’t know how good the movie was after going to see it. I fell asleep 1/4 into movie. Don’t remember much. It wasn’t late either theaters are just really dark and I fall asleep with headphones so noise doesn’t bother me. Can’t rate the movie but I rate my sleep 5/5.
Welcome back Chris. But please go back to your orignla intro and change your lighting back.
I am sorry but Chris Stuckman lost all credibility in this review when he said Daniel Craig was the best Bond of all time.
Chris where do you buy your shirts? Like the Sailor Moon suits one
What was your rating A B or C.
This was a overblown mess of a movie. Didn't think u could make a 163 minute movie that was way too long yet also short on character development. At the end I was welcoming Bond's death. Just end this dour debacle. I LOVE Bond and grew up on Moore's movies and loved the originals as well. Casino Royale was easily Craig's best work as 007. Skyfall was fun but too often this Bond was either quitting MI6 or just a bore. Bond is supposed to be fun and that was not this incarnation. Bond is dead for me and I'll never watch this movie again. I just don't care about this Bond anymore. I still have the power of Connery and the fun of the 1st 4 Moore flicks. Lazenby had the most mature of the Bond adventures and I loved The Living Daylights and Brosnan's take is a good amalgam of his predecessors. Craig is not my Bond and never will be and his death is a real death to the franchise. I don't know where they go from here and I don't care. The last 3 Mission Impossible movies are what Bond used to be and I look forward to crazy Cruise next outing.
METROID! Are you speed playing Dread?!
god, soy boy
Craig is an ego maniac, and killing Bond was an act of national vandalism
the visuals the amazing especially the scenes with cars
watch this in 4DX!
Who dislikes a Stuckman video? Cmon
I feel like I’m torn between crowning Skyfall or No Time to Die as my favorite craig bond film.  But it’s for the same reason:  They shook up the 50 year old formula.
I'm surprised to see Chris not call it as it is. This movie was lame as hell and a lot worse than Spectre with Safin being a completely boring villain; he wasn't cold and calculated or even remotely intelligent for someone who is trying to eradicate the world with a virus and he doesn't even have a real purpose. Lashanna Lynch's 007 is terribly written for someone who is going to be the next 007, she was inept and always 5 steps behind instead of being one step ahead. The fact that no one, not even Moneypenny, Q or even Madeline cried when Bond sacrificed himself shows how bad the writing is. But hey! As long as sjw political agenda is alive and well, all else can rot in hell.
Good Review Man!
I enjoyed what they did with the 007 moniker, but don’t say it doesn’t matter. It does. If Bond had 5 movies it wouldn’t matter. But it’s a series with history and something’s don’t change. James Bond is and always will be 007. It certainly matters, and if it doesn’t, you aren’t a Bond fan. But the movie was excellent though, very enjoyable.
i want to know who thought the deadly virus plot used a ton of times in action movie was good idea. Seems they went to the well to get this plot going. Plus trying to use the Logan formula for the end just didnt sit well with me. James Bond is a lure type character, so spoiler alert. Killing him off in the end of this run makes it extremely hard to make another bond film or to take the character serious in the next films. The more i start to think about this movie the more i get annoyed by it.
Dune review?
So glad you referenced Timothy Dalton
I actually did enjoy it a lot. I just wasn't a that big of a fan of Safin as a villain nor did I really care for his motives and I wasn't that convinced by the ending. Other than that it's a very fun movie.
5:50 I don't think people were upset that she was woman writing for a James bond flick. They were upset because she is known for her comedic style of writing and people weren't sure if that would fit with this particular type of bond.
You got 1.2K dislikes because you didn't bleat during the review, say the movie was Woke and that it's the best final film in an actor's run. Can't you be outraged like these other talentless hacks, who will do 5 videos-a-piece on this one movie?!? Then, get together tomorrow and talk about it AGAIN!
Yeah, I thought Chris would like this movie. Just like he loved the new Star Wars movies.
Saw it last night. It was so damn good. That whole Cuba shootout was my favorite. Ana De Armas was lovely
Sean Connery was the best Bond. Daniel Craig is good, but certainly not the best Bond.
Idk man, billy eilish doesn’t do it for me as a bond theme… she’s no Shirley Bassey
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🎈
I would give this one 3.5 stars good action pieces, suffers from a weak villain, I think it was good sendoff for bond, but biggest problem for me with the Craig bond movies is that they didn't go all in with an overarching story for bond with beginning middle and the end, they kind of just half assed that thing with Craig bond.
This movie was incredible
I rank the Craig outing movies the same. I can't get through Quantum of Solace, but Skyfall is one of my top 3 fav 007 movies of all time.
I thought the action was alright, but story was really predictable and weak, with another underused villain and cliché ending.. Don't get how people are so easily entertained these days that they still love these basic stories
WHY do Americans say “Daniel Creg”?
Is the Metroid logo on Chris’s shirt in the Megadeth font?
What a piece of a soy boy.
I feel like I should address the outrage thing.  It has nothing to do with the movie.  You're right, the movie is absolutely fine.  What stoked that outrage were quotes from the cast and director VERY MUCH attempting to fan the flames (except Daniel Craig, which denied it).  The director very much tried to make it sound like Bond was basically being replaced as Bond.  This wasn't just "angry people are angry," it was "studio tries to make angry people angry for buzz."  (ED:  Also, people keep getting burned by actual crap so assume the worst by default now.  People are sick of paying $20-$30 for this stuff and are very much 'once burned' now.)
Just for the record, people don't like Phebe because of the ridiculous things she's said and done NOT that she's a woman.  That is a ridiculous strawman claim.  I'm glad she didn't ruin the movie.
Craig falls behind Connery and Dalton for me. As far as the movie goes the last 10 minutes ruins the film for me. I’m quoting someone else when I say it was good and then in the last 10 minutes Craig stopped being Bond and we were watching Daniel Craig say good bye.
Boris Johnsons mistress had three abortions to save his career
Big plot hole, EMP... This is just all about tying up the Daniel Craig's run as James Bond think about it as a parallel world of the character.
Dis I miss something? Chris wouldn't do reviews anymore? I am glad he is back doing it though.
The third final Daniel Craig film... for now
I enjoyed watching the Last movie 🎥 of Daniel Craig
Chris,  hope ur doing ok. Covid is fucking with a lot of peoples heads. Make sure u take care of urself. Love ur work, take care.
People are upset about bringing on that woman writer because they ruin things like James bond. My evidence is this complete dumpster fire of a script. This reviewer needs to put down the soy latte
Yes the move was great. But Pierce Brosnan will always be my favorite.  I LOVE campy!  LOL!
No Chris, not because she is a woman but because of her ultra woke nonsense that likes to destroy characters like Bond , Luke Skywalker, Solo & many more.
The new James Bond film has a lot of symbolism in it about the end times taking place right now.   Spectre is the hydra like nanotech found in the V.  The villain's name is Lyutsifer Safin, which is very close to Lucifer Satan.    The villain is using a bioweapon, like the new jab, to kill people.   There is also lots of one eye symbolism that represents the Islam's Antichrist Mahdi.
think about all the people that wanted to see this movie but died from Covid, they had a time to die
Talk about the spiderman no way home trailer
I loved this movie. I don’t care what the old Bond fans say about it. To me, it had a perfect ending. Lots of great action. Great acting. Loved the opening credits too.
Terrible movie. Killing a character that's been around for two generations in an attempt to copy Iron Man is insane! The ending is the most important part of a movie and this ending dissatisfies big time. If you liked Luke Skywalker dying in a meaningless way at the end of The Last Jedi then you'll like this. Not for me. Zero out of five stars and the reason for that is I'm not going to watch this a second time. 2 hours and 43 minutes to watch James Bond get blown to smithereens! It's not worth it and that's not entertainment in my opinion.
Sean Connery was the best Bond per Daniel Craig.
Eh
Does the film include a tribute to Connery & Moore? if not I think thats a fail.
I hated this fucking movie
no grade?
based on my past experience from watching your recommended films, I have learned that you tell us exactly what you think and I can actually see the things you mean to say and I appreciate that so much, thanks man!!!!
"WATCH THE MOVIE! GO WATCH THE MOVIE!" There you go! All those goddamn speculations and outrages _before_ a film is even out just makes the bozo losing his sht over it look like an idiot. And then, if said film isn't as bad as they thought it was going to be, they don't even acknowledge what they said before like we forgot about it or something! Don't listen to idiots. Make up your own mind or, at least, listen to people who genuinely love cinema.
I can smell the wokeness a mile away.
His "Ana de Armas" pronunciation killed me lol
you mean the marketing of the movie ruined the movie. it deserves the outrage it fostered for itself.
I'm glad Lea Seydoux has returned as the Bond girl. She's very beautiful
Are you going to try to catch The Rescue? I know there are a few showings in central Ohio next weekend
Why have you not done a Carnage review yet?
I’m looking forward to seeing this movie tonight, as long as it’s better than Quantum of Solace and Spectre that’s a win for me.
007 woman looks like puff daddy lol turned me off about agenda push glad to hear its not.  Gonna see this for sure and good to see movie thats not WOKE SJW
Best Movie
can someone help me out! It JUST come out today for theaters only… how has everyone already WATCHED NTTD? Did it leak somewhere? I'm confused.
🦍🚀
Chris, I'm sorry to say, but you are _wrong_ about the 00 number: It is _not_ 'just a number'. According to Ian Fleming's books, and confirmed in the movies, every 00 number is inextricably connected to the individual carrying it, even if they retire or die. Every new 00 agent gets the _next_ consecutive number. Same goes for the name - James Bond is not a pseudonym, it is the _real_ name of the character. So now that he's supposedly dead, I'm not sure how they want to go about the next movie.  Another thing I have to say here, the problem with the alleged 'agenda catering' was clearly incited by the way the early trailers were made, in which it seemed like James Bond's character would get demolished, and his role, name, and number taken over by a black female, and it's quite understandable why people got upset with this - not because a black female super spy wouldn't be an interesting idea if the character is well written, but because James Bond 007 has been established over decades (and by the source material) as a white male.  An argument could also be made about female and male roles in this movie: Every relevant male character in this movie was either a villain (Safin, Ash, Primo, Blofeld, and the scientist), irresponsibly negligent (M), gay (Q), or got killed (Bond and Leiter), whereas all the female characters either were great at what they did (Nomi, Paloma, and Moneypenny), or got forced by men to do immoral things (Madeleine).  Personally, I'm of the opinion that this could very well be coincidence, and I really don't care that much about it anyway, as long as the story is decent. I enjoyed the movie quite a bit, the action and performance of _all_ actors was near perfect, the cinematography on a very high level, and the soundtrack was great. The only thing I'd criticize would be that I wish Safin's background and motivation would have been fleshed out more, and the nano-virus will create a big issue if (hopefully) the next JB is the same person.  Overall, I'd give this movie a 7/10, maybe even 8/10. Not the best Bond movie, but clearly one of the better ones.  PS: I agree on your statement on Ana de Armas. I hope they will do more with her.
Excuse me Chris but the last Sean Connery James bond movie was The Rock.
Your thumbnail didn’t match your opinion haha. I’m so used to your thumbnails being a foreshadowing of your review. Glad to hear wokeness isn’t written all over it at least.
Should we talk about how James struggle to fight one guy, when Paloma (which was the best thing in this movie) easily kill couple of guys with only 3 weeks of training? Or How Nomi (the new 007) pass half of the movie measure her cock with bond, without any necessity, specilly because bond didnt even feel bother for her number?  This movie is complet mess. Better than Spectre. But certain characters are only there just to be killed (to finish the franchising) to isolate Craig Bond from previous (which is kinda arrogant and disrespectful) Things are brought up as a plot device for something to happen with bond been present, for example vesper betrayal. Only serves to push bond into a grave, to be attack to make sure he will not trust Madeleine. Because she send him there. For him to ditch her, doubting she did or not betray him, to leave into the big Secret. which we could see the big secret from miles away. The movie also use recycle ideas like Saffin motivations (which we already saw with Alec, Elektra and Silva) the megamania for world domination (in this particular case Dr No) the scar face (Renard is an example). Even the open sequence use ideas from previous one at the sound of Billie (which is a good bond song that resumes the movie)  Some movies are butched in Theatrical versions, but no time to die need it. Some scenes could have been cut, because it doest add nothing. The all Saffin subplot with Blofeld is an example. But again, they wanted to cut loose ties to make bond of craig and not just another bond actor.
Mad because Waller Bridge is a woman?.....what a lazy answer.......is that why everyone hated Hurt locker?.....oh wait...nobody hated that film.......do better.
Hated the end. Made me depressed after watching a Bond movie which has never happened in past 30 years.
Unfortunately, though I enjoyed it, I think it's poorly written with several loose ends, which is extremely disappointing as I am a great Bond fan and of Craig's. Will say this, the action, the visuals, Craig's performance, tip top.. But a lot of problems surrounding the villain and the ending.   Well, sad because I was expecting a more solid writing that you just can't achieve with 5 writers input at once while going already into shooting which was the case unfortunately.
I have always loved movies and hated theaters. Im glad we can both have it our way now.
Script and dialog - thumbs down on this one.  The Directing and editing - thumbs down.  I have to say - the bottom of series.  I have seen every Bond - when released - thats how old I am.
Yeah as far as good final films, I’m so happy you recognize Dalton’s LTK. Truly an underrated film. NTTD is easily the most beautiful Bond film cinematically speaking. Some of the best action sequences in the franchise. Bittersweet about the ending. I get why it had to be done. But at the same time, Bond is the embodiment of killing the villain, saving the world, and living to fight another day. Overall I truly enjoyed this film, and it’s up there with the best. I just don’t know if this has the type of rewatchability factor that most other Bond films have because of the ending.
James Bond DIES in the end of the movie by rockets on the island he tries to escape from!
Initially No Time To Die should be directed by Danny Boyle. Unluckily, Danny Boyle was quit the movie. If Danny Boyle kept focusing on the movie until it is released, No Time To Die might be greater and smarter.
Skyfall is the best !!!!!!!!!!!
I agree that Casino Royale is the best James Bond movie in Daniel Craig's era. Quantum of solace is the lousiest James Bond movie because the story plot doesn't make sense. Skyfall is too simple and too flat. Skyfall doesn't have big action atmosphere but I still consider that Skyfall is good. Spectre is great action movie after Casino Royale. Now I am really curious about No Time To Die. No Time To Die is the final performance of Daniel Crag as James Bond. The farewell movie for Daniel Craig as James Bond. Thank you Daniel Craig to perform as James Bond in 5 movies. Don't forget James Bond 007. Your review is my reference. Thank you for your review sir.
a very good, but not great film. Craig a bit wooden, but I think his best yet. a bit cliched, but I guess they all are. de Armas & Malek both ex. a solid action flick. B
I have seen every Bond film released and several has been good. But the reboot and the new direction it took with Daniel Craig has been my favorite time with Bond by far. That he actually got hurt etc in the first movie was almost a chock. Bond, expressing pain and bleeding... wow
Daniel Craig over Sean Connery?  Wow. Never saw that coming.
I loved the movie because Daniel Craig and bond didn’t get overshadowed.the movie wasn’t peppered with I’m a woman and better than you bullshit.  the interaction between bond and naome was okay.I’m willing to give them a chance to see where they take the franchise before I scream woke every day and jump off a cliff
I just saw the 7:15pm showing of “No Time to Die” (2021), the newest Bond movie, and it was an awesome movie and I give this a 12 out of 10.
Why don’t you grade movies anymore
Exposition of villain done via flash animation. That was something new! and it wasn't good.
Just saw it really enjoyed it.some great action scene's.
This review is as boring as the movie.
I just saw it last night and it was definitely better than I expected. I actually really enjoyed it. I thought the villain and his motives were a bit weak but Bond was a badass and I enjoyed his supporting cast. I hope to see more of Ana De Armas.
The only thing this film seriously missed was an in memoriam to Sean Connery and Roger Moore who both passed since the previous movie. Diamonds Live Forever
I'm very disappointed in you, Chris. Your "radar" seems to be broken. Replacing iconic male rolls with female actors isn't creative, it's lazy. More importantly it's wrong. I can feel the assumptions looming over the horizon in the comments, so I'll head them off at the pass here; I'm a woman and I don't appreciate my favorite characters being replaced by women for idiotic political feminist reasons. If you like this movie and any other movie that does the same thing, fine. I refuse to see them because the people that make these horrendous decisions don't deserve my money.
Wait what did I miss?  Thought he wasn't doing reviews anymore
Casino Royal my favorite and then this one (No Time to Die). Thanks for the video and get better.
It felt like it was off-beat for me. It tried being emotional and somewhat grounded while doing John Wick action sequences. Also, this is like the fourth time Bond has come out of retirement, they really need a better approach to this stuff.
What in the name of God is up with the all the repeating comments in the comments section? It's weird as hell.
Casino Royale tho
When's the last time you've seen Quantum of Solace? I saw it recently and it was waaaaaay better than what I remembered. In fact, without having seen No Time to Die, I'd rank Quantum of Solace above Skyfall (and certainly ahead of the mess that was Spectre). Javier Bardem is amazing, and I enjoyed the emotional weight of Skyfall, but the plot holes and contrivances always take me out of the movie upon rewatches.  Give Quantum of Solace another genuine chance if you haven't seen it in awhile.
i fkn lovvveeedddd it.....2 hr 43 min flew by likka flash....a last dance with a mleancholic ending!
The weakest part of the movie is Rami Malek's role. It's unclear motive by the character (revenge they say) and it doesn't seem natural. He saved the girl's life then changes his mind and wants revenge later on? Madeline Snow was a great part of the movie and the strongest, along with Craig's performance.
Daniel is the best
When will we get a Dune review?
You couldn't be creative enough to make up 12 unique titles for videos on YouTube, but you want to be an artistic writer and director for movies? Wtf lol
I've been waiting for your review of this movie. I grew up with Pierce Brosnan, but Daniel Craig shows the character in a unique way, I would say more human. Thanks for your videos.
@6:50 this is because you’re obviously dimwitted, you need to stop surrounding yourself with yes people! This movie had several SJW’s moments in it, especially the part where they now are insinuating that Q is a homosexual.  I can also go off about the double O7 moniker being handed down to a petite woman, but I’m not really going to go there. Yes you are a simpleton or you’re just lying?!
My wife opined that the actors "phoned it in". I found it lacking the energy, sarcasm, and wit of the earlier films. I'd attribute such failings to the director. It just didn't have the urgency and drive that other end of the world Bond films had (The Spy Who Loved Me,  Moonraker, Tomorrow Never Dies). The acting and the music just failed to generate the involvement that some other Bond films generated.  It was also a downer because they killed off James Bond - 007 and his adversaries Ernst Stavro Blofeld and Spectre in a very contrived sort of Deux Ex Machina sort of way that seemed to ignore their influence, power and control of other criminal organizations and infiltration of government agencies, including MI-6.  Also, if the love interest's mother was killed and she was put at risk as a child, I would have thought that her father, the formidable Mr. White, would have pursued the younger Lyutsifer Safin and any organization he headed years ago and with a vengeance.
Never heard your take on "On her majesty secret service ". Best one in my opinion.
Oh man I missed cinemas too
Definitely a B+, I haven't watched through the video yet.
Wish we saw more of Rami Malek I didn't understand his motives at all couldn't really relate with him at all or anything
Best bond of all time is SC.
My thoughts on NO TIME TO DIE (2021):  ° Pretty action packed & entertaining. A lot better than QOS & SPECTRE combined...the 3rd best Craig era Bond movie after Casino Royale & Skyfall (last night revisited them back to back!). The most conventional Bond movie (with a simpler script & dialogues) in last 15 years.   ° Weakest part in the film was final action set pieces set in the villain's island. It felt dragged somewhat.  ° The ending was moving but wasn’t necessary.  Well...at least now we all can say that there's only one film in the franchise that went in that route....again which wasn't necessary considering Craig's story arc as Bond and tradition of the series.   ° ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD would be more appropriate title than NTTD, imo.
If Chris stuckmann and mark kermode likes your movies you have a career in making films 2 of the best film critics in general since roger ebert passed away i believe their opinions on films
I loved Roger Moore's Bond because he didn't take it too seriously and played it more tongue in cheek. I just found it more entertaining laughing at the cheesy lines and scenarios. Of course cinema has gotten more "realistic and gritty" over the last few decades and Bond has demonstrated that. I personally think DC's Bond has been a bit soulless and boring in trying to get that relative realism. Maybe Moore played Bond a bit too tongue in cheek and almost turned it into a comedy but at least he had character. It'll be interesting to see if DC's Bond has a bit more character for his last one.
Is stuckmann still with his wife all is he banging guys
Chris Stuckmann expressed my sentiments exactly! I truly believe that the Craig Bond films were the best of them all. Daniel Craig is the best James Bond, above Sean Connery, but not by much.   Still, I honestly believe that its time to retire the franchise now. This was a perfect sendoff for James Bond.
Saw it last night and thought it was fantastic. Definitely worth seeing in the theater.
See, I thought I didn't care about the theatrical experience.. Until I saw this film on the 30th of last month, and then again on the 3rd of this month. I remembered the excitement of going in, getting your ticket, sitting in a crowd of people who are mostly all excited to see it with you, the dark room, the loud surround sound, the huge screen (that tbh you forget is huge while watching it) The reactions from people around you, be it positive or negative, leaving afterwards being pumped from the experience you just had.. It's great! I'm glad cinema didn't die, I'm glad there was another film I was excited about enough to see in the cinema again for me to rekindle my love for it. I would have seen Godzilla Vs Kong in the cinema instead but since It came out on streaming and I had just been through a rut of not going to the cinema for multiple years, I didn't bother and just saw it at home... But NNTD being cinema exclusive and me also being very excited for it just made me have to go to the cinema. And here we are, I'm a fan again.
Chris where do u get these awesome t shirts from?
Maybe I'am just getting older..but this movie kinda flies in the face of why folks love Bond.  In this movie, he's married.  Aging.  Now has women on par with him.  Not to mention..the ending.  Sorry, but I'am sick of seeing all of my classic male hero's destroyed.   While this one was at least respectful...I still didn't need or want to see it.
Have you ever considered using VR to simulate the big screen experience?
Chris you keep bringing up that other people are weird? But you don't think being "Pansexual" is weird??? Uhhh.. Okie Dokie..
What's the point of claiming people are criticising something and then not bother learning the reason why? For example people were criticizing the new writer not because of her gender but because of her past works
Ofcourse your radar didn't go off, you don't have a dog house 🤔
Vespa....not Vesper
I love Daniel craig bond. He gave bond alot of dimension and perfected him for the modern era
The worst James Bond ever made!  acting is great but the movie is useless, everything in this movie and storytelling is just wrong!
Agree with the Billie call. She's pretentious? Annoying? Big deal. Give her new album a spin and ask yourself again why is it you hate her so much.
Do you think Rami Malek's character was affected by COVID-19 in terms of his character motivations?
I think it's way sad that they wouldn't give the OO7 role to Idris Elba
People didn't feel negative about the movie because of nothing (or because FPhoebe was a woman, ffs really!!?), but because of all the stupid shit that the marketing/article/interviews with the cast and creators for this movie included like calling Bond rapist, or saying it's a Bond movie for the "Me too era", or all the trailers trying to make it seem like Bond is getting emasculated in his own movie .. etc etc .. they were very clearly trying to push a certain political agenda with that marketing (an agenda Phoebe championed which is one of the reasons many Bond fans were worried about her involvement).  All this marketing push turned out to be very different from what's actually in the movie, from what I heard the movie is actually quite decent, so it boggles the mind they thought that kind of marketing is a good idea since it gave many people the wrong impression about the movie and was quite antagonistic towards both the fans of the franchise and Bond himself as a character.
When the movie started i def got a litttle emotional because we finally had it!!!! Delayed legit almost 2 yrs
Careful Chris, your PC colors are showing. People don't dislike the writer because she's a woman, they dislike the writer because she's a BAD WRITER.
I couldn't stand this movie -- glacially paced, too many nostalgic throwbacks, nothing new. Craig made exactly ONE good Bond movie, which also happens to be the BEST Bond movie -- Casino Royale.
I think people give Billie Eilish shit because of her age. Not sure why that bothers people, but, whatever. People are weird.
Chris I respect your opinion and love your content but James Bond is an established and loved character. The issue people have with Lashana Lynch taking up 007 is that people feel that they're purposefully changing the James Bond Brand to appease an ideal. which is only exacerbated due to the fact that it has been done with other franchises as well. I think people just want more of the same great JB that we had in the past. What the fans want the fans should get in my opinion. There paying for the tickets after all. Anyway great video.
Bro look different or I’m bugging
Please do the O.G. Robocop, orrr, They Live.
Black female bond xD
Loved Casino Royale hated this
I see Chris representing Metroid in time for Metroid: Dread, coming out tomorrow.
I personally just don't enjoy Billie Eilishes music. I try not to make it personal. On the movie note tho I'll actually check this out! I forgot how much I used to love these.
No review for Squid game?
i'm glad you enjoyed this pile of crud stuckmann-this film was made for you!-but let's get one thing straight-you are not a james bond fan-fans don't smile while their franchise is burned in front of them
I don't know how you can be so affected by the ending of the Daniel Craig James Bond era. Yeah, Casino Royale was great, it is the best James Bond movie, but the other Daniel Craig James Bond movies haven't been all that good at all, and Spectre striaght up was awful. The Daniel Craig James Bond series has overall been fairly below average...
Agree. Didn't feel like there was any pandering in this movie. Well written, well done, and fun---though long---overall. Casino Royale is still the best of the DC Bond's, with Skyfall second, but this one is third, IMHO (and I had that opinion before I saw your vid!). Agree with you about Madds Mikkelsson's character too. My fave villain.
Missed the opportunity to make a Mission Impossible 7 crossover and call it MI007, James Bond is sent after the IMF to take out Ilsa cause the MI6 doesn't want loose ends.  *sigh*
Dig the new intro man
My favorite Bonds:  1. Sean Connery 2. Pierce Brosnan 3. Daniel Craig 4. Roger Moore 5. Timothy Dalton 6. George Lazenby
Sean Connery: The definitive Bond. Daniel Craig:  The classic Bond. Timothy Dalton: The underrated Bond.
Just another generic movie playing in the background I won't remember. Same with the movie Beckett. 😴
Casino Royale (2006) and Skyfall are all time classic Bond movies.
Daniel Craig is an excellent actor. He has bought physicality and intensity to the James Bond role, as well (not seen since Sean Connery).
Squid game review 🤗🤗🤗
Thanks for the review. I love your Metroid your t-shirt Chris........where'd you get it?
I've never been a bond fan,  I find all the thriller/spy/espionage thing  really boring....
I just watched it last night. I loved it! Daniel Craig did a great job in his whole run of the character.
I personally think the film was pushed back because of a certain plot line
Thanks, Chris, for an excellent review!  First time watcher.  Haven't seen the film yet; but I will--Daniel Craig is my favorite actor for the Bond role, surpassing (in my mind) Sean Connery because he bleeds real blood, maintains or tries to maintain relationships with real women, and has the coolest Q---the quartermaster played by Ben Whishaw.
People don’t like Phoebe Waller-Bridge because she is woke as hell Chris. I’m a woman myself and yet when I see her name attached to anything I can’t help but roll my eyes at the inevitable SJW political messaging about to be inserted into a beloved franchise. That being said, I’ve heard No Time to Die isn’t as woke as it was presented and Bond is still allowed to be effective despite being a white male, which apparently is a crime these days 🙄
Video 33 Metropolis review request  Dan Craig leaving is going to be weird but this is the natural law of James Bond
Basically, the tagline for this review is *"People are weird."*
Yeah, give the artist the benefit of the doubt, but they have to stop the clickbait crap to promote movies the wrong way. Excellent Bond movie btw!
Chris "batman voice" Stuckmann.
I know......i know 🥺
It was okay at best. The action scenes were not very creative. It was cringy everytime Daniel Craig made jokes. I don't mind black female 007 but clearly they tried to please the woke crowd by making her that and please the non woke crowd for taking the title away in the end. Talk about shoving things down your throat. So dishonest and manipulative.  The villain was unmotivated. The threat not quite tangible... so it's a poison that works on specific people. Who are they going to use it on ? Wouldn't it be simple to have something effective against everybody and you're the only one with the antidote that you also mass produced ? Then you could sell it or exchange it for anything. Look i'm writing better plot points than 4 hollywood writers. I'm waiting for Adam from YMS to review it.
BOTH VILLAINS WINS THIS TIME THAT DIDN'T HAPPENED BEFORE
Love seeing you give Metroid Dread some love!!
Wish good health for you. You really look not so good.  Did you gaid weight or water in your face - its not meant to hurt. Please take care yourself. We are not James Bond, so we only life once.😉
I liked Stuckman better when he wasn't paid for his reviews.
Hey Chris, here's a film that's not well known for western audiences I'd recommend: Escape from Mogadishu
You couldn't just say in the theater without dropping an F bomb Chris? You were doing so well until then. Why do you insist on denigrating and ruining your reviews with foul language?
Never mind the final Craig bond film, it’s the final bond film. What a waste.
We need big films  to save cinema. How long will it be before the Bond franchise is bought by Disney? They like to shove their films straight onto streaming, often on the same day it gets it's theatre release. I fear for the survival of cinema.
Don’t like Bridge cuz she’s a woman, eh?  That’s some quality gaslighting right there.  No, we don’t like her because she’s a mediocre ‘comedian’ that has no business being within 100 yards of a Bond film.  All the worst parts of the film are the obvious reshoots done to make the film ‘funny’.
I am glad you enjoyed your theatre experience Chris. :) I missed it as well! The first (and second) movie I watched in theaters after the covid breakout was Dune (I live in Germany). I look forward hearing your thoughts on this one.
Which platform in india
Based on your rank and previous reviews that would give this an A. I don't know if you've stopped doing ratings on reviews but it's been a good way to talk about it
As soon as he said Phoebe was a issue because she's a woman I literally stopped watching the video.  People don't like her because she brought political crap into the movies, or her work no normal person wants that.
The full screen IMAX shots from the opening sequence of this movie were absolutely gorgeous. Amazing cinematography
Yeah people got upset because phoebe was a woman.....dude you ain't that dumb and don't play into the hate culture you were talking about. The people who commit that sin are the kind of people that would support that statement. People were worried because they thought she'd interject modern political statements into the movie rather than enhance the story. From your point of view you may of liked it, but you'll never know if she was part of that reason you did. I want to love the film but there are plenty of people who don't or are meh on the thing and they will never know if it's cause of her either. The fact remains, very few people would be thinking that because she's a woman. If Amy hennig or any other great story teller was brought on and someone didn't like it, very few would say its because of a aesthetic reason.
Your best reviews are the ones talking about the movie, with less time spent virtue signaling.
I enjoyed it but lashana brought it down for me. She is such a one dimensional character and it will be lame if they keep going down the road they are going. Like an all female bond movie next.
Every time Chris says Daniel "Creg" it cracks me up lol.
awful !! at least hopefully there will be no more!!
Finally Chris! - Reviewing movies. We all know and understand why you have cut down on this part, but damn - can we just all appreciate that you're SO good at doing this! Hopefully as theathers are opening up now, you feel inspired to share you're thoughts on some of the futurefilms. At least some of them ;)
The Craig series was my fav Film series since my childhood. Me and my dad always watched all the movies together so seeing this in the theatre rly brought us close to tears
Roger Moore and Pierce Brosnan have also have blue eyes. People are weird.
I was disappointed ☹️ was nt bad just never seemed flow like the others .
I gotta say I missed the old Chris Stuckmann intro :(
The more I see your critics the more I realise you have absolutly no taste. Damn.
WTF is this new intro? Stop that! It sucks. I loved your old intro with the music. Unsubscribed! ;b
A minus ?
People forgot to have fun,
wow, what a lame intro
man Chris... i really look forward you reviewing Squid Game too... dont miss it...keep safe
I’m gonna just say it: I HATE IT! It ruined  his catalogues, It would be very hard.
So disappointed, one of the weakest villians and scripts of all time.
where is the Dune review 🥲
SPOILERS: I thought rami maleks villain was a really interesting idea but kind of a weak character, like none of his actions really made that much sense to me  And I found the end unbelievably unsatisfying after all Bond has been through he just dies, it felt like a cop out. I think it would have made more sense if maudlin died and then bond retires to be a father to Matilde or atleast I wouldve found that much more satisfying
"Again..people are weird man" :D couldn't agree more! Great review Chris.
The lowly quality topically scatter because alley partly squeak in a hulking gun. blushing, shiny self
I actually do like Craig, just think he had a rough deal when it came to the Bond movies, especially this one, which I thought was SHIT 🤮 too long, too convoluted, too cliché. They didn’t need a continuous storyline, like the other 4, just not this.
I look forward to seeing more Halloween specials.
Daniel Craig is your favorite James Bond? Come on man, what about Connery? He was dope in the role. He had a suave sophistication, and such a cool demeanor. He's the first Bond that made me think, I want to be smooth like that.
Chris, I always appreciate your approach to movie reviews and I’m glad that you always bring more objectivity than subjectivity. It truly gives movies a fighting chance that can often be taken away from them based solely on some water closet guy making a sensational outburst about things he doesn’t like in a franchise, they probably have no heart in some times. I look forward to watching this movie
My ranking of the series would be like chris: 1. Casino royale -A+ 2. Skyfall - A+ 3. No time to die- A 4. Spectre - B+ 5. Quantum of solace - C+ Write your ranking down below
I like how you’re not allowed to have a negative opinion about Billie Eilish or other stuff that is popular, otherwise you’re just weird.  Didn’t channels like this one get popular because they would just give their honest opinion and not worry about what other people think?
Pls review The Medium, horror. I hv a feeling u will LOVE it
First person to have a cold sense Covid started.
I love the Bond films and the books. Like millions of others, Bond has a special place in my heart. Well: I hated hated hated hated hated this movie.
stuckmann is doing reviews again?
The movie sucks.. I hated the movie the last act is the worst in the franchise
Billie Eyelashes is farrrrrr from talented. Just main stream tailored by the numbers leftist garbage.
Daniel Craig ruined his legacy as james bond for submitting like a cuk
this movie sucked i walked out because there was so much disgusting forced political lefty propaganda forced down my throat
Your choice of Bond movies are disturbing
The Halloween Special.... might be a good time to review Servant season 2? ;)
Thats Just Corona turning to Common Cold Half the People I know are suffering from abnormally long colds
Best bond film ever. Craig went out with a bang
Tell what you want guys, but if in the next film they keep this girl as a 007. The franchise is dead for me.  End of discussion.
This movie was full of forced diversity. The first 20 mins were very good tho. I left the theater at around the 1 hour mark. Extremely boring and ,again, full of forced diversity
Dude this movie wasn’t great, the scrip was average with far too much information crammed into it, the dialogue between craig and waltz’s character was so disappointing, and skyfall had the best Bond villain I’ve ever seen, rami just didn’t have the screen presence I wanted! 6/10
I understand Chris wants to cop out by making overly positive videos but I get this feeling he really glossed over plenty of things in this movie, including the ending. Pretty biased.
Why is it weird to disagree with you that it had an awful theme tune?
Beard game hittin
is that an A+ or an A or an B+ ???
Please, make a Hilariocity review of Beowulf (1999).
Safin had the potential to a great villain but the filmmakers clearly didn't really care enough to flesh him out. The focus of the movie was pretty much entirely Bond and Madeline.
Thing I wonder: why did half this movie's plot recycle Ballistic: Ecks vs Sever?
Wait colds are still a thing? Lol
I love how Americans say Craig.... "Creg"! 🤣🤣
SPOILERS..    I wish we had a Logan type of ending where we see James Bond's life leave his eyes. I'd rather see him die to his gunshot wounds while talking to his friends than him get blown up by missiles
Rewatching Quantum of Solace right after the C19 outbreak in March 2020, made me comprehend Dominic Greene's motivation to control and hoard all of that fresh water supply...
I'm 2 minutes in and I already know where you're coming from. Daniel Craig is MY favorite Bond as well. To see him leave is just so bitter sweet as you said. I mean, this guy made a fictional character, "real"! I haven't seen the movie as of yet but know that I'll love it regardless.   Onward..... :-/
F*****G awesome review...You could call your channel " No Hold Barred ". because I had no idea what you were going to say next; that felt personal and kept my attention, thanks.
Where’s your Venom 2 review?
Weet Ik
He's not dead Stuckmann.
For me Pierce Brosnan was the best Bond and Daniel is a close second.
Great review. I saw NTTD last night. I was stunned…amazing. It blew me away 👍
Your little laugh at 5:52 tells me your full of shit.  Then you go on to say you're "really good at telling when someone is feeding you horseshit".  Well, I am too.  And I've got a 3 strike rule.  2 More and I'm out.  I've been watching you for years because you genuinely speak your truth...but there are hundreds of other movie review channels I could spend my time on and I will not suffer bullshit.
I don't miss the theaters that much, I really wish every movie came to streaming the day it comes to theaters.
I almost had a heart attack when the opening credits ended and the kaleidoscope turned into the skyline reflected upon the skyscraper. Gorgeous shot. Also that stairwell oner was superb. You know you have a good oner when you don't even realize it's happening until a minute in.
This movie was trash. Don't let the franchise hit your ass on the way out, Daniel
I respect your opinion and I'm glad you enjoyed the movie. I personally think your review however was incredibly over-generous. This film has some serious flaws.
I honestly don't understand the praise this film is getting. Such a confusing story. No memorable set pieces. The villain(s) had about 8 minutes of screen time combined and the ending was as weak as they made James Bond.  They literally ripped off an episode of smallville with the McGuffin of the film.  Absolutely terrible. Worse than Quantam of Solace by a long stretch.
Love the new intro
Daniel Craig's 5 movies are really one movie(story) Thats the beauty.
Your voice gets better as the video goes along 🙂 I will most likely watch this at the movies tomorrow, I've seen all of Craig's on the big screen except Quantum and I'm hyped!  I'm surely going to tear up at some point, I've enjoyed Daniel Craig so much in the role and it's amazing we get to see him in the role one more time with such a great send off! (I'm taking your word for it 😉)
He really is the best Bond of all time Excited for all your future endeavors Chris!
People are saying it’s bad I disagree I enjoyed it for the action the villains plot didn’t make much sense though
The movie's plot was pretty bad and nonsensical if you think about it more than 5 minutes, the villain was pretty meh and it didn't help that they were trying to force some depth into him (also the casting was way too young - if he was an adult hunting down Mr Whites family when Madeleine was a girl how is he still this youthful in the present?) and I was thoroughly annoyed by the characters of Madeleine so her being such a major part of the last two movies pretty much ruins half of Craigs run which I would say was one of the best Bonds, second only to Connery. I'm a bit apprehensive about how they will handle the next Bonds too since this is the first time we see a Bond dying on screen, so far actor change was purely a meta situation with the character being unchanged.
this movie was terrible cmon man
Craig as the best Bond of all time? Srs? wow...
Wonder what it would have been with Danny Boyle!!!
Daniel Craig's Bond movies will always be remembered for their explosive action scenes, the intensity is at the second level compared to other Bonds, there's never going to be another Bond like Craig ever (at least for me)
I just picture this film being “oh u think I can’t do that? Is that because.....I’m a woman!?”   So fuck that   I’m not watching this
You can tell where they tried to go woke
if you missed the theatrical experience -- just wait for DUNE --  and don't you even consider watching it on HBO
Trust Critical Drinker on this one. Have no interest in seeing it in theaters. Sure it's fine like all the others of this era.
It's always confused me why Americans pronounce Craig as Creg, its definitely pronounced Crayg
An amazing final movie to one of the best if not THE best Bond. Thank you Daniel Craig.
The sensational stunts are not where they should be.  I haven’t seen “No Time To Die” yet but I think they had Bond fall off a bridge in Skyfall if I recall and they repeat a similar type of stunt for this film.
Came for a movie review and got lectured for not giving the film a chance. Nope. I'm out.
First movie I’ve seen in a theatre in almost 2 years.
More machine gun Bond for WOKE liberals who need small balls.
The ending is a bit unsatisfactory. Bond character shouldn't have died. "James Bond will return" kind of ending to the audience would have been better.
Daniel Craig was never Bond he was Bourne , period !   Bond does not exist in these films . The people who like this stuff were sperm cells when Sean Connery packed theatres globally no seats available.  This film has many seats available because many don't give a damn.  They have IMAX which costs $20 plus so that is the box office i could make a piece of s*** and make money with  IMAX.  Enjoy the empty seats.
So...one could say that you & your wife bonded over this franchise?   (& Yes, I'm sure that must be the very first time you've heard THAT joke before, so you're welcome! 😂️)
Is it worth watching 3D ?
This movie was directed by the co-creator and writer of True Detective season 1, one of the greatest seasons of Television of all time.
Awesome Metroid Dread shirt! Will buy it later today, can't wait to play it!
im not going to pay the artist to ruin  JAMES BOND  ill watch the movie  somewhere else for free then if i like it ill pay the artist for his work ! hollywood elites are garbage  and journalists should not be making articles to hurt the sales of a product  !
Before this came out and we were lacking in movies on the big screen I remember I was dying for Amazon to release this on their service when they bought MGM but im so glad they didn't. People who have seen this movie know the movie and ending was meant to be seen on the big screen
That Metroid t-shirt looking NICE
Craig’s Bond will be missed.
Honestly, loved No Time to Die and very much agree with you about just watch the film and if you enjoy, great. If not, great but watch it first.  Casino Royale No Time to Die SPECTRE Quantum of Solace Skyfail
You say it dosent matter that the number is now hers. So does that mean James Bond films are still going to be James Bond but a different 00 number or will it follow that character as 007 and branch off into a different series?
It feels like I've waited for this ovie since forever and had mostly great time. Just mostly, because seeing Bond as an abusive partner( and that framed as...intense? passionate?) was kinda terrifying.
Thanks for the review Chris 😁
Love seeing you on trending, Chris!  Hope you get feeling better soon!
It's great to see you back doing movie reviews but a part of me feels this was for your channel boost as well? Maybe I could be wrong but with a 10min video, a clickbait-y thumbnail and having 'movie review' against the name of a big action movie which is also the most - anticipated film of the year makes it feel, idk, necessary for the channel's growth. Anyway it's great to have you back because it is very difficult to find an alternative for you in terms of good movie reviews! Hope you don't take it personally!
why no rating?
Supporting the new direction of the channel ❤️
man, this guy likes vaseline on toast
I see you wearing that Metroid shirt for Dread's release!
I'm ready for a direct sequel with Lashana Lynch as 007.  The rest of the cast should remain as well.
It's going to be incredibly painful saying goodbye to Mr. Craig.  I've always loved the Bond character but absolutely despised the corniness of the previous offerings.  With Craig, a real Bond finally arrived.  And he nailed it!  After watching Layer Cake, I could see why he was cast.  I don't know where to turn next.  Most "manly" men in today's movies are young, mouthy and arrogant.  Even Tom's Ethan Hunt talks too much.  Bond is gone.  Bourne is gone.  Solo is gone.  Dwayne Johnson doesn't have the acting chops required.  Tom needs to be cute, regardless of the role.  It's depressing.
review squid game
No need to explain.  Please more movie reviews!  I think I can safely speak for many of your viewers when I say that we truly value your amazing ability to convey your opinion and further engage us in our own film fandom.  Please keep reviewing as many films as you feel comfortable reviewing.   We love it!  Thank you for the years of great content.
Chris. I wonder what your thoughts are on The Critical Drinkers take on this film.
B+?
Pure woke garbage. I truly feel bad for Craig and all the Bond fans of there. It has been a wonderful journey but yet another franchise bites dust due to toxic postmodernism.
He should review VHS 94 and The Medium for the Halloween special 👍
YOU GET IT!!! Thank you SO much for cutting through the trash and ridiculous narratives people make up, especially on social media formats, to monetize outrage culture. A great movie is a great movie. Point blank period.
I've always said that Anna De Armas is very exciting...
Glad to see Chris also agrees that Daniel Craig is the best Bond. No disrespect to Sean Connery or the other Bond actors, but I just absolutely love Daniel Craig and im so glad he ended with a bang.
Think your radar must be broke- this film was pretty woke. Probably the cold you got.
People are weird man. 🤣
Woke BS
Daniel Craig did a fucking awesome job playing 007. I Really enjoy watching No Time 2 Die. No lie I did tear up at the end. Blocka Blocka out 🤙🏾🤟🏾
I haven't been this excited to watch a Bond film for a long time!
Your expression on the thumb nail is kinda click baity. I was thinking "oh is chris going back to making negative movie reviews?!" Nope.......click bait
Same here. First time going back into the theaters was this film.
I'm with you a 100% man, a 100%! Nuff said.
Loved it and def was in my feels afterwards. Thanks for all the memories.
Great review Chris, keep doing these reviews I’m loving it
Great review
Where did you get that shirt? I need it.  I’m so psyched for Metroid Dread to come out tomorrow.
His blue eyes? 🤨 it was his blonde hair dude.
Really excited to see this movies loved casino royale and Skyfall spectre wasnt too good imo... Hopefully this movie slaps!
I feel like I'm missing something cause I don't remember this villan.
Chris, the built up aggression toward this movie had nothing to do with someone being a woman or lashana Lynch being 007, it came from the first trailer that had a new comer (Lynch) disrespecting a well developed, beloved character who has graced our screens for decades, with a tasteless comment about shooting him. It's unfortunate (and coincidental) that that trailer came out in the middle of this gender roles war (which is why I attributed it to virtue-signaling), but you can't speculate as to WHY Bond fans disliked her disrespect of possibly the worlds most recognizable agent, without asking a few of them first. I was wrong with my assumption of the movie before I saw it, and seeing it changed my opinion. I've noticed that your delivery has become a tad more condescending lately. Thats too bad, because your earlier shit was amazing.
you didnt rate it?
I miss the ideal theater experience, too. It isn't worth dying for. Also, the majority of my theater experiences haven't been ideal... something you know about, considering an entertaining video you created a while back.
I just saw the movie it could have been better keeping it 100
Thank you Chris.. will miss Daniel to..........................
I've not heard of any sh*t being given to Billie Eillish? Her "Bond" song is much better than so many other songs from the series. There are several good contemporary Bond songs  - I particularly enjoy Garbage's take (The World is Not Enough). I prefer these more classic jazzy takes. There are a number of decent Bond songs that just don't suit the theme, no matter what you think of the songs. Granted, nothing beats Barry.
can you not gas light people over why they may be upset. like i don't care about the controversy being said about this film with the culture war issues, but if it doesn't involve you or your world of priorities. please just stick to what made me subscribe to your channel in the first place. that being just talk about the merrit of the film and what it made you feel.
Thanks, Chris. Look forward to seeing this film once it's available outside of theaters.   Aside: Mr. Sunday Movies has a series going on now on the Bond films that's fun.
Just saw it. Loved how they were insecure and fighting about the 007 title. “Double-O-What?” Very Bond. A  Sean Connery movie with a slick dash of Brosnan and a shake of Laznby 😁👍
Stuckman must still be sick. This movie sucks
The outrage was justified though man. Look at all the bullshit the director, pehobe and lashana were spewing pre release, talking about how Sean connorys bond was a r*pist, talking about the me too era, talking about how lashana is gonna be pulling out wedgies and throwing away tampons or picking her nose. Plus pehobe is a feminist writer so you know what that means. They've done nothing but hurt the film by pissing off long time fans, myself included
hans zimmer’s score though
I agree daniel Craig is the best James Bond ever. He has a given us an emotional, human Bond rather than just a spy
I never realized this franchise with Daniel Craig started before Iron Man did in 2008.
Love Daniel Craig as Bond. Thanks for the review Feel Better Chris
by 6 minutes in I realize why this review is trending. corporate shill. loves everything hollywood does.
He dies 😭
I completely agree on seeing it on the big screen. I got to see it in Dolby Cinema and, my god. I was just blown away by the entire thing the performance, action and character developments. Ana De Armas was great, wish she was in the film more. That entire scene was great.
Does Chris’s head got bigger through out the years or I’m just imagining things ?!
Just saw the movie….I left feeing offended! Unless there is a reboot the franchise is Fuc$&d!!!! Crap villain!!!
Pierce Brosnan DIE ANOTHER DAY the best Bond ever
5:37 “It’s extremely monetisable to get mad about things,” is real shit.
Day 2 of asking Chris to review Speed Racer  Hey Chris, can you review Speed Racer please?
Amazing review.
I thought it was “meh” I felt like the characters were underutilized and underdeveloped outside of Bond. To me it felt more like a romance with action elements. Idk I have to sit on it
Why was Skyfall critically well received and Spectre wasn't?
I literally rated Craig's five movies in the same order as soon as I finished it. Nice
No movie rating???
It was fun but the story was goofy and we all know it but it was fun man just going to the theaters to see bond
5:44 I think people got mad that she was brought on as a writer because of the things that she said about the Bond films when she was hired. The same can be said for the director. I believe that when tackling an IP that is not your own work you have to be respectful to what came before. She and the director both started accusing Bond as a rapist and as being misogynistic, when really the Bond films have been extremely respectful towards the women in the films specifically when they’re the lead supporting characters. There have been strong female characters in the bond films such as Wai Lin, Fiona Volpe, Anya Amasova, and Aki. Coming back to the main point they also said that they were trying to “modernize” bond for a “modern” audience which scared a lot of people due to past franchises being dealt with the same fate such as Ghostbusters, Star Wars, Star Trek, and now even the upcoming Indiana Jones coincidentally also starring Phoebe Waller Bridge. So in the end it wasn’t because she was a women, that’s an extremely idiotic excuse that many people defending her have tried to make the point. It’s because she presented herself as unfit to do the job, thus getting the criticism that she deserved.
The portray of James Bond in this film is superb. The first 2/3 is literally as good as Royal Casino. Daniel Craig's performance made the future 007 franchise extremely challenging.
Holy crap I completely forgot about never say never again until you mentioned it.  I just remember it having the worst female bond villain
I can’t wait to see the movie. I would love to see a spin-off of the bond movies, where mi6 finds out that bond has several illegitimate kids. Where some become agents for mi6 an other’s join spectra. They could make a long running franchise out of it, if done right.
Thumbnail had me worried because I was excited for this movie; glad Chris enjoyed it
No grade?
This movie was intense. Life imitates art and art imitates life. Many people left the theater people were going hmm. WOW. It was supposed to be released April 2020 I see why they just released now.
James Bond has a heart....
first time seeing a movie IN THEATRES since Tenet....SO STOCKDED!!
Great review
On trending 🙌🏻
The name’s Stuckmann. Chris Stuckmann
I hated it dude, absolutely hated it. This isn’t 007
No time to die was so good
You're lying, Chris. You know exactly why people were pissed about Phoebe Waller-Bridge. She's a toxic destroyer and is brought in to appease the blue check mark losers of Twitter. See also: Indiana Jones. She has stolen that IP for herself, as she poisoned Solo, ruined the Falcon by retroactively inserting her toxic Droid character into it's circuitry, and obliterated Lando as a guy who plows droids.   Don't even try it.
I was beyond disappointed with this film. It’s now my least favorite Bond film.
stuckman: titles are back, i need some money 🤣
Review The Last Dual
Chris looks like he’s getting fat.
movie review again?
The word you’re thinking of, Chris, is the word I constantly came back to while watching the film - conviction. It’s a film with the conviction to see its premises through.
I miss the grading of these films !!!
What happened to "no more Movie Reviews"?
Just got back from an AMC Dolby cinema screening. One guy kept coughing while eating his popcorn, sneezed a couple of times, and snored during the later parts of the movie. A couple of people flipped over the recliners next to me cuz something apparently fell between the seats and this was during a big action scene. Other than that.. movie was great.
5:51- No, because she's an annoying feminist!
5:36 outragerage culture. It's like "we get it, you pwn the libtards pepekappaotheroriginalthings"
Would also love to see a movie review of the new A24 offering "LAMB".
2:29- I understand, Chris. I felt the same way when my movie theater finally reopened and I saw Tenet.
So, will you be reviewing the brand new My Hero Academia movie when it comes out on Oct 29th? :)
I'm loving the reviews but I would also love to see some stuff about your film that you are making.
I need to add something. We have a bad Daniel Craig poster again. All of his films have lazy posters. I love all the old Bond movie posters with excellent art graphics or like Goldeneye great photo shop twist.
So many other Bond reviewers kinda skip over Timothy Dalton which is so disrespectful. That said, great review as expected. Love your storytelling.
Beautiful Review and I 100% feel the same about this film. It definitely brought back that total cinema experience.
I don't understand why people don't like Quantum of SOLACE. I love it. Green is a great villain. Like Le Chiffre, he's just a middle man, but this time he had a clever plan to get higher in the hierarchy. This is a great character building movie.
Cheers to Daniel Craig! 🍻
Is Chris intentionally playing the ignorant or tries to get a reaction out of people with it for clicks?
Why should it be impossible to dislike Phoebe Waller-Bridge for any other reason than her gender? You think it is fair to judge everybody who criticized her involvement like that? Has anyone ever complained about Barbara Broccoli being a woman?
Even if you don’t think Daniel Craig is the best Bond, he still has the best action scenes of any Bond so far
I found the movie very boring and the action scenes very mediocre. What a disappointment to the last daniel craig 007 movie. Even my friend fell asleep while watching it...
Why the disappointed chris in the thumbnail it you like the movie?
Nice to see the 🐐 movie critic back
I liked Billie Eilishe's song too. I think it fit perfectly. Ana De Armas was superb. I enjoyed her character, it was really good! Being in the cinema was like yeah ... honey I'm home!
No Stuckmann. It seems your nostalgia is clouding your judgement on some very real concerns that people have regarding this film, and just the entertainment that we get these days in general. You see the political climate we're in, and how gender and identity politics (far leftism) is the popular ideology that permeates almost everything coming out of Hollywood these days. Don't be snide... people don't have a problem with Phoebe brought on to write "because she's a woman"... it's because of what was said about this being a "Bond film for a Me Too era". Pandering is more than enough to put people off from seeing this movie. I thought you knew better, but it does seem that your love for Bond and this being Daniel Craig's swan song has made you judge this film differently than you would others. This video didn't come off as a "review", and your objectivity seems compromised. In the end, a review is basically an opinion, and you and everyone else is entitled to one. It's just your attitude and some of your comments here come across as quite mocking.
Chris Stuckmann is young and not really a James Bond expert per-se, he's a Daniel Craig era fanboy, he made this video cause HE enjoyed the film, but that means nothing really, it's just his opinion, for instance, the media/ press hated Daniel Craig not because of his eyes, but because he was blonde, not suave, not good looking and lacked many qualities a James Bond has, Connery's final official film is Diamonds Are Forever, Moore's A View To A Kill was a massive hit back in the day, no, not a comedy, it was of it's time, I know, I seen it 3 times in the sold-out theaters, just as it's predecessor Octopussy was in 83, Phoebe Waller-Bridge is not disliked because she's a woman, of course not, that's complete BS, but because she's a WEAK writer, and her SJW political writings are too obvious on the screen, she's totally overrated and in business because of her political pov., she's a two-trick pony, I (who is a true die-hard Bond fan since the 70s, and I own near everything of/from/about the series from all the novels, every film, incl. the two Casino Royales and Never Say Never Again, and every music soundtrack, heck I even came close to working in a Bond film, yes, with Daniel Craig), and to me Daniel Craig, alongside every single other actor who had the privilege and chance to play 007, they all were great Bond actors with their respective unique qualities, Sean Connery WAS and IS the personification of James Bond, he's the high bar, he's the blueprint every actor competes against. I hope they go now to stand-alone adventures, instead of continued or extended storylines. Which personally I dislike about the Craig tenure.
I love Phoebe Waller-Bridge!!! I wish I could borrow her brain. Her writing is amazing and so insightful. Can't wait to see this James Bond.
Great review man. Its been a while since I've watched something on this channel, still have one on a "YouTube Catch-Up" list I wrote. Anyway, the only Daniel Craig "Bond" movie I saw in its entirety was "Skyfall". I've only seen bits of "Casino Royale" and probably others.
So you really enjoyed it? Then what’s with your face in the thumbnail?
Biased and almost useless review, imho. See the critical drinker channel, for a laser focused review.
I'm just glad it wasn't as woke as the news articles keep painting it as it is.
Craig was my favorite Bond  and i've been watching Bond movies from the 80's. His Bond is the one Bond that Ian Fleming in my opinion would tip his hat to. I agree Lechiffre was just a bad ass Bond Villain, maybe not the most ruthless one but most captivating and enigmatic of all of them, that tear drop condition he had was sick. Great review!
Is it worth sitting for three hours?
no chance is Daniel Craig the best
I did NOT like the Eilish song in this movie, and let me explain why. I love Billie Eilish's music and think she is a talented person with a future in the music industry. The song is the problem. It continues the trend of these sappy, somber, gravely, crying musical pieces. Bond intros are supposed to be POWERFUL vocal pieces with intense instrumental backing. Even the slower Shirley B. songs from the old days still make you feel excited for the film you're about to watch. 'No Time To Die' evokes images of some "woe is me" emo kid crying at a piano. You can keep Billie on to sing, just give her a good song!
I'll wait for a download, not paying to see this.
I don't like the song. But i don't like the artist. Its not wierd. Its just a difference of taste.  Not saying she is bad. But it's just not for me. And if you like it. Good for you.
Did I miss the letter grade he usually gives a film?
There was a lot of outrage about the black female bond. After seeing the movie, the outraged got toned down a LOT! Funny how that happens when one ACTUALLY watches a movie!
Not sure if you were trying to, but you came off as a complete douche bag in this video
Shit movie
.......what's wrong with your voice? LOL J/K
While I still think Casino Royale is the best Craig film I quite enjoyed this one, however I think IGN summed my issue with the movie best: "...No Time to Die being an overly safe and largely unsurprising outing for 007. It’s a film at war with itself;...The result is a story that ties up all the dense plot threads that have flowed through the Craig era, but also attempts to tell a standalone tale that feels plucked from the 1960s. The former is fascinating but the latter is shallow and dull"
There's a lot of good movies on rotten tomatoes that have bad scores and chris stuckmann  john the flick pick and jeremy jahns take way so seriously in the past few years my mom would say form your own opinion also ignore rotten tomatoes it isn't always right
I agree with your review! Everything you said was spot on! This final Daniel Craig movie as Bond is my second favorite, after Casino Royale. It was a great Bond ending and Daniel Craig is definitely my favorite Bond! I also agree that I there was going to be many nods from the other fins but not really any ‘distracting’ ones but those that all tied right in! No Time To Die held me in my seat, from start to finish! Yes, that Forest scene was beautiful and you knew it was, ‘ON’, when Craig decided to leave the SUV! I also almost teared up at the end! Kudos to the writers who decided to end it the way they did! This was a ‘satisfying’ movie! I should’ve waited for the 5 film box set but I will either add this one when it comes out or just buy the 5 film, Daniel Craig set! I love what the new 007 does, as a gesture of respect to Bond in the movie! Their chemistry was cool! Great movie! I concur!
I visualized that he would give No Time to Die an A-.
Chris looks like he hasn't slept for a couple years lmao
I’m not watching—just commenting—as I’ve seen every  Bond movie since The Spy Who Loved Me in the theaters.  This one’s getting 3 and a half of 4 kind of reviews so far.
just starting this. hopefully, the look on your face in the thumbnail isn't a tell on where you stand on this film.
I don’t think many of us will be alive to see the next James Bond movie......because if you haven’t already realized we are now living in a James Bond movie.
5:44 no, not because she's a woman, because she's been describing the movie as if it were a woke manifesto. Which it wasn't btw, i actually loved it, but the PR was awful and deserving of the criticism
I’ve missed these kind of reviews
Why you don't review venom : let there be carnage ?
I’ve only heard good things about this movie? What is he talking about lol
The Craig movies are well made, but i was never super big on the Depression Bond Era
007 needed to be retired like several sport athlete numbers why not call her 008 0r 009 0r 006
Unsubscribed
I literally got a job at a movie theater because I missed going to the movies, so I understand bro
Die another day is better. This movie had Woke written all over it
I just don’t get the opening song I think they should’ve went with someone else I’m not saying it’s bad I’m just not feeling it
Look at that beautifull Metroid Dread Tshirt
Go waste your money and then be mad about it lol ok.. m
Somehow you made my day. Thank you for this video, Chris.
Don't you dare spoil! Very proud of Craig! And Rami. I ought to love it! Brosnan is my favorite! Should be a beautiful treat to see NTTD. Cool that you loved it. Wont even think about the next 007!
i saw it a couple of days before, its my fav bond movie and i only watch 007 when Craig is Bond... strangely i could never get through a james bond movie before Daniel Craig... even if its on tv, i never watched a whole movie. I love the signature scene when 007 turn around and shoots in this movie.
I can't recall a comment about a year ago that one of the reasons why the movie was rescheduled was due to a certain scene about Nomi saying to Bond that she can't fill his shoes as Agent 007. I should have screenshot it.  Regardless, the movie is entertaining as its own if you disregard the political wokeness of some in the crew.
I would get your radar checked nothing suspicious about Bond being replaced by a powerful black woman lol people are allowed to like and be for some stuff but people will sit here and deny and be like oh I don't see anything wrong that's the baffling part to me
No one gives a shit the gender of the writer or director. You seem to. Unsubbed. Do better.
Always found his Bond so depressing.  Hope the next one is younger and still fit to serve by their 4rd movie.  Craig is a great actor though, tried to make Bond more real, but Bond will always be escape to me.
I didn’t think this was overly woke, it didn’t bother me. What did strike me afterwards wasn’t Craig's exit but (without spoiling it) was how it effects the rest of the MI6 characters (and cast) considering the last MI6 scene.
It's been out for week in the UK now and it's doing just as well as the Craig's past movies. I watched in a sold out screening I didn't think that would happen again. So people are coming back to the cinemas they're just more picky about what they watch.
Chris, people dislike her NOT because she's a woman.  It is because of her shitty, blatantly racist political views.  You spouting that complete shit that she's hated because she's a woman is pure horse shit.  Otherwise you did a good job avoiding saying the word "woke" cause if you do, the Woketards will come to cancel you.
The all the time in the world references was lovley... When he said it at the end I cryed.. Such a throw back to Her Majesty's Secret Service 😭
Dang, stuckman is woke now. Must have been a condition of his hollywood stardom.
Hot take: A View to a Kill is good. Great soundtrack + Christopher Walken.
Metroid!
I've missed Chris's reviews.
Thanks for the review Chris. An idea for you.  Maybe instead of ‘Movie Title - Movie Review’  You could just have ‘Movie Title - My thoughts’
Other than maybe looking a little tired, I didn't even notice you're getting over a cold. People always say things like that and I'm like "didn't even notice, but glad you're doing fine." lol   That being said, i'm definitely excited to see a new Bond film. It always feels like an event when they come out.
Connery had a 3rd final/send off if you go with the Bond theory for The Rock. Dalton was signed on for a 3rd, which was Goldeneye, but he stood down, or contract expire plus age. Lazenby may of had 1 film, and some see it as 1 of the best or worst. I have respect for it now after seeing a documentary about him and his life. No time to die is said to be better than Quantum, but not as good as Skyfall. If it's up with Skyfall and Casino Royale and above Spectre and Quantum, GOOD.
0:12 How many fucking times? It's Daniel CRAIG not "cReG"     FANTASTIC REVIEW BTW
I just got home from it and loved it
Bad movie. Hope you had the guts to say it.
where's the grade? the whole point of a review is the grade.....
Relax.  Don't let them get away with inferior art just because you're "grateful" to be in a theater.  Movies have never been worse.
For me Connery is still the best Bond. Craig has been supported by consistently solid and very entertaining films, and he's handled the role very well, but he's probably my 3rd favorite. I never quite got over the fact he looks nothing like Bond. Dalton is no. 2 for me.
IMHO No Time to Die was awesome!
After this movie, I can only officially say 007 is a pussy
The best Bond ?!? R U kidding?? There is only 1 Bond ...Sir Sean  Connery
Woke, James Woke.
Dear Americans, please stop pronouncing Craig "kreg". IT'S PRONOUNCE CRAYG! LIKE RAIN! WITH AN "A" SOUND, NOT AN "E" SOUND!
when will you review avatar the last airbender?
No grade?
Metroid Dread let's goooo
Supporting Hollyweird is really stupid.
I’m gonna watch it for sure, it’s Craig’s last Bond movie after all. @ChrisStuckman, the main argument against Phoebe Waller has to do with her wokeness/at times misandrist writing which seems to come up in a scene in the trailer. So I don’t think it has to do with gender as you mentioned.
The best bond movies ever, one of the best bond movies. I don't like Daniel Craig but I have to say Daniel has been the best bond ever, probably better than Sean connery lol. Hope the next actor who plays bond is as equally as Daniel and hope the future bond movies will be as equally great too.
Seeing his face in the thumbnail, I thought he hated this movie😂
I love how you tell people to go out to the theater during a pandemic after saying how you got sick...
"people were upset Phoebe Waller-Bridge was brought on, because she was a woman" Chris can't stop gaslighting for one fucking second, this is why I unsubbed years ago.
I thought Chris will be suited up :)
Craig was literally the most pointless Bond who ruined the movies forever.  Good riddance.
Well done for not getting sucked into the outrage. This film doesn't deserve any of the outrage and the controversial ending actually felt right. It's a really good Bond film and it's great to see a Bond actor get a proper send off, with a proper character arc, rather than just fizzling out or getting sacked because he's flopped or got too old. The Bond actors change and the films carry on, with little reference to what has come before. The same will happen again.
Could you please bring back the old theme...or maybe a new version of that tune.
Movie was ok. Just ok. The opening song sucked. Sucked. The female 007 wasn't as insufferable as i had expected. You are still total soy dude. Grow a pair. And bond dying at the end along with having a daughter......yeah whatever. Oh and enjoy your hero Phoebe waller bridge as the new Indiana Jones. You simp.
Respectfully, feel the exact opposite of you.  This is my least favorite Bond, feels very one note, stony, and kinda boring.  Good action sequences, but such bland surroundings and dull characters.  Plus I hated other things that Phoebe has written. I got about half an episode into killing eve before dropping it.  The reviews are a mix of middling and amazin, saying it was too long and the villain was too boring.  Looking forward to the next vision.
Saw your shirt. Any chance of getting a review for Metroid Dread?
Feel better homie. Not gonna lie, when you first showed up on screen before you started talking, I could tell you looked pale. Thanks for pushing through and making the review for our entertainment
Btw people give Billie Eilish shit because she has a very basic voice with a very basic vocal range. Her success being mostly due to having super wealthy parents involved in Hollywood probably doesn’t help her either.
I loved hearing your opinion even tho, i was disappointed by this movie.
I'm sorry Chris, but that didn't feel like a review. I felt like you enjoyed a big theatrical release. That does not make it a good film. I saw the film in a theater, a week after seeing Dune. Here are my thoughts (with SPOILERS):   Unfortunately, it's the weakest Bond film, especially when it comes to it's writing. No doubt the sound, action and locations are breathtaking, but those are limited. There are endless plot holes and issues in this film. Firstly, the character of Bond being a lonely, depressed lover start bothering you real quick. He is literally sad for 2 hours and 45 minutes. Rami Malek was wasted in this film, he was barely present. His motivations are extremely unconvincing and the film doesn't bother giving any clarity whatsoever about his backstory - it seems like they weren't interested in that element of the film or it was unimportant, which is strange. He is a phenomenal actor and could have been a great villain, but he was neither given scope nor explored. Bond's best sequences in the film are with Ana de Armas, sadly they share the screen for about 5 - 10 minutes only. The length and pacing of the film were really testing the audience's patience. The film's threat discusses a virus that would attack certain DNA and destroy races/people/humanity. It's 2021 and they expect the audience to buy into something so ridiculous? Quite childish. The scientist who was used as 'comic relief' (and to give out a random racist remark) was unnecessary and in poor taste. By the point they reveal Bond has a daughter, it was turning to a sappy Bollywood movie. Bond's sacrificing act didn't work for me, because I wasn't invested in the film anymore. I was so shocked at the ending and extremely angry. Was Rami Malek really that villain who could kill Bond? And we know what about him? Almost nothing. How is that a good film? At the end of the day, who wants to watch a Bond film in which 90% of the time Agent 007 is not James Bond, but somebody else? Call me silly, but for a Bond fan like me, 0-0-7 aren't just numbers. I wanted to have a hell of time going into this movie, but I'm better off watching Skyfall or Casino Royale again. This is not the Bond the audiences deserve during the pandemic. Disappointing.
I watched without having to pay for it hahaahahahahahaha
At the end of the review, all I could think about was Craig with a Southern accent in Knives Out, and I started chuckling to myself.
Ana de Armas kicked it out of the park in Blade Runner 2049 - glad to hear she did good in this movie as well ;)
What grade?
Daniel Craig was a more muscular physical Bond than the others, but I first watched Pierce Brosnan’s ones so besides Sean, Pierce is my favourite Bond, though his movies weren’t as good as Daniel Craig’s ones.
I entirely agree with Chris Stuckman in his evaluation of Daniel Craig as the best Bond of all time. Maybe the writers of his scripts had something to do with it giving Bond somewhat more "realistic" roles to play but I thought Craig brought a touch of personality and humanity to the role. Of course, I will never forget Sean Connery as the original Bond but the character he played was too perfect, too unbeatable and entirely too smooth. Maybe that's just indicative of the way Bond was supposed to be back in the day but for me I prefer something a little closer to realism. I'm sorry this is Craig's last Bond flik.
The only thing this film seriously missed was an in memoriam to Sean Connery and Roger Moore who both passed since the previous movie. Diamonds Live Forever💎
My only criticism of the film is that the Billy Eilish song in the title sequence was just a bit too long in the film. I always love the iconic cinematic images that accompany the title sequence but this time it felt like an extended static music video plonked in.  The contradiction is that I really do like the song but either way the movie was superb. Definitely a must-see!!
That's not James bond no wit gut less toothless he is the quentisensual manlys man charisma does things his own brave way with zero Fs given . There is no where to go now.  lashana was extremely annoying naggy 007 at least Ana was a bit traditional bond girl l.  Lea was a moper and Malik was hardly a bad guy not enough depth physically or physiologically very melatone... Bad ending was a cop out.
Who? Who got upset about Pheobe Waller Bridge coming along? I hear loads of people saying others are outraged but I haven't seen any outrage.  And anyway if they did their idiots, cos she's great.     Also I wouldn't even include Quantom of solace... I act as if it doesn't exist
Without grading this channel has no point. I'm unsubscribing.
I'm so glad that you're doing film reviews again. Keep it up 👍👍
Chris is not grinning in the thumbnail 😱, not a good sign.
Dude kind of tone deaf in a few places I don’t know if I’m gonna bother watching your videos anymore if you don’t know what you’re talking about don’t talk about it
wasn't there already a Daniel Craig Bond film that starts with him being retired and getting pulled back into spy work?
Dude you are such a BETA!
Le Chiffre was a great villain he’s not up there with goldfinger but he was still that great but unfortunately they killed off le chiffre too soon like 20 minutes before the movie is over and I’m like what?! That’s it!? He needed more screen time than that
All we want to know is HOW WOKE is the movie?
I think most of the outrage was because of the way they marketed this movie. And people got really pissed at it. And when the reviews started coming out, A lot of reviewers started saying that the movie is nothing like it was marketed. So tht gave me hope that this might be good.
I've been stuckmanised
I’m happy the reviews are back. Keep up the good work.
Seeing DUNE, which was the first movie since Dec 2019 I saw in theaters. And it was absolutely amazing. I really wish theatres will be here for a while.
Chris, come on. The outrage about this movie is not because they brought a woman, but because they said they brought her to replace Bond. I haven't seen the film, so I don't know if this happens, but you can't just replace a character with this kind of trajectory and expect people to not get upset.  Remember Metal Gear Solid 2. An excellent game, but lambasted because they replaced traditional protagonist Solid Snake for newbie Raiden. Raiden wasn't a bad character, but he wasn't Snake, so people got considerably upset. Raiden also wasn't a woman or black, so that excuse certainly doesn't fly. And Snake had three (4 if you count one that's not canon) previous games. Bond has 23 movies. Yeah, people are going to rightfully be angry if they get word that the series is going to go on with a different character as protagonist. It doesn't matter if it's a good or even better character.   It'd be different if he was replaced by a character that had been working alongside Bond for a while. When Dick Grayson took the mantle of Batman, people accepted it, because he had earned it.  The words of the actress didn't help either. I believe you if you say the movie didn't hit that BS radar, but the way she talked certainly made it look very different.
I've seen every bond film but I think the only one I've ever seen in theaters is casino Royale.
Loved this movie, not as great as Casino Royale but loved it and the wholeness wasn't really injected into it, which was a concern I had.  Chris, I don't know why you're misrepresenting people's complaints as "angry people don't like women". Don't go down that path, you're better than that.
YOU HAVE TO DO A SPOILER TALK! Pretty please…..
Craig's portrayal of the character is the only one I know. I'm not sure if I should watch the others. Daniel was awesome.
Skyfall was the best final bond movie.
Nothing will beat Skyfall…nothing
Casino Royal was amazing, but I find the other Daniel Craig movies a bit generic and blend into one.
Daniel Craig's James Bond is the only one that had a complete arc. Casino Royale showed Bond as someone who just got promoted as a new 00 and this movie showed him being retired as a 00 with someone else carrying the 007 designation.
Sean Connery is greatest bond of all time you f-ck.
Can't wait for the 007Special!!   Have loved James Bond since I was 10 years old.  It's crazy how long this franchise has gone.  Look Forward to seeing No Time to Die.
Glad to know..defiantly going to check out in theaters
"Best Bond of all time."   Wtf?! Brosnan ATW!
I used to be staunchly opposed to piracy, but since you need a vaxport to see it on the big screen here in Canada, I'm reconsidering my position.
🌸If you’re reading this … I wish you  JOY, PEACE, WEALTH, DIVINITY and BLESSINGS x 1,000,000 in every area of your life!🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
dude...did you get covid??
"is very special to my wife and I" should be "wife and me".  else you're saying "is very special to I"
I feel like Valentine in Kingsman was more well written and nuanced than Rami’s character(I don’t remember the name).
The way you pronounce ana de armas😂😂😂😂😂🤣
Hey Chris, I'm fresh out of the theater and I thought the movie was riveting! It was my first movie outing not only since the pandemic started, but even years before that, and I too couldn't believe how excited and emotional I got as soon as the lion mascot showed, first notes of the theme played and the gun barrell sequence initiated, and remained in a hightened state of enjoyment throughout the opening scene and the first action sequence, right up till the end of the opening credits. Then I relaxed, settled into the seat and got drawn into the plot for the rest of the movie, but never found myself uninvested or distracted. Beautifully shot, masterfully directed and all the other great technical stuff, but the thing that left the biggest imprint on my reception was the emotional impact. Darkest, most emotionally charged Bond yet. I loved it! 🎫🎦
Reallyyyyy enjoyed the first hour. Despised the rest. Ana de Armas and Craig’s characters are the only ones that had any chemistry and she was in it for 5 minutes. So disappointed loved the other bonds
I almost feel like you were in a bad mood while filming this, just my opinion.
Sean Connery is the best bond of all time
I thought the film was awful
Anytime someone makes the claim that people dislike someone based on their sex you know they have never bothered to discuss the issue with anyone who disagrees with them.
Thank you for this well considered and articulate review. I wholeheartedly agree that the majority of the critique online for this film is unwarranted.   I was blown away by how beautifully made 'No Time to Die' is, and while I'm sad they've killed off the character for good, it's actually kind of refreshing having a finality to Bond. Not everything needs go on forever.   One slight caveat; I realise you are American, but when a person is named Craig and British, can you not at least try not to pronounce it "Cregg" - it's not his name!
Watched the movie last week, it’s an ok movie
One thing Chris didn’t mention which I guess is difficult as it’s a major spoiler is the ending and where it leaves the future
No, soory - but people do NOT go into this movie and thinking 'this is going to be bad' because they this is a movie with a possible future lead and they do NOT go into this angrily because they read something about it. There are too many franchises beeing torn down since they thought: Lets change everything in it. Now when there is even a little change in something a lot of people expect that this is going the same way as the other franchises. Noone can blame them.
Totally happy you’ve got movie review back. Yay!
Daniel Craig is the most down to earth yet badass 007 so far. 😎
I like the reviews, but why the unnecessary swearing? Fucking this, fucking that…. Makes no sense at all
James bond forever ♾️♾️♾️
Sorry but I have too Quantum Of Solace was before Sky Fall not after lol
Where is venom review!?
. Spoilers? If I haven't seen Skyfall? Wait a minute... There's a Skyfall?!!! 😄
I'm quite young so I can't  ne certain about other people portraying James bond. But I'm happy to say that Daniel Craig was the James bond of my generation.
Maybe u got COVID not nasty cold
Just rewatched the JW trilogy.  1. Double Toasted iInterview  (Prequel) 2. Chris’ Own Video (Main film) 3. Lloyd Evans Interview (Sequel).  Such immaculate and helpful content.
Why are you not rating the movies anymore?
Chris was short-lived with his threat not to comment on any blockbuster :/
These films might be good secret agent thrillers, but they have nothing to do with James Bond. Sean Connery and Roger Moore were James Bond.
Is there any list of your fav Sci-Fi movies? I would love to go over the list. Thanks
Craig saying he was getting too old to play bond is funny because Roger Moore was hitting 60 by the time he did A View to a Kill
Oh man I love your passion.
I liked the movie a lot, its was satisfying on all levels, rami malek was a forgetable villain, beautiful and emotional ending. Daniel od best bond ever, we will miss him, a legend
Ahhhh! How happy I am to watch your reviewed videos again. Thank you for bringing back your opinion and understanding of the movie. It means soo much to me 😊
Couldn’t agree more with you Chris. I even gave the exact same ranking for his movies 🍿
For me the most surprising fact was that It is the first Bond movie where I can strongly relate to main hero. Normally Bond is more out of this world - a fantasy hero without even a bit of normal human emotions. I am even more impressed that this movie Bond character apear to have all previous Bond traits from all the movies since Dr No. At least I saw them here.
people now a days are probably sick of having ideology propaganda shoved into their throats, and having their favorite franchise turned into a social educational trash.   I guess that is where all the preemptive outrages come from.  They act just an immune system in a society.   We can be understandable.   If the movie handles the issues well and gracefully, and turn out a great film yet they still bitching.. then that is sex/racist.
Chris, Real talk- This was a damn good review. Props.
I love lazenbys bond
Ahhh a review based on sentimental reasons "The best final bond film" NOPE thats just as laughable like going out with a scratch to the face.
I've always been a huge James Bond fan, well, Daniel Craig James Bond fan mostly ;).  I've always made a point of watching it in the cinema.  Saw this movie last night with my boyfriend and walked out of the cinema (wonderful experience as you mentioned Chris as we live in South Africa and our social outings are rare) and my first reaction (with a little tear in my eye) was "this was bitter sweat for me"...so...my point is, you nailed it on the head :)  I felt exactly the same as you did about 'No Time to Die'.  Thank you for this review Chris, it means ALOT!
It wasn’t the people it was the producers and authors who said that this is a me too movement movie. But I am glad they change their tune and improved the movie
Ppl got mad when they brought the female writer on because the producers said they brought her own to make the script more woke.
It would be interesting to know what Phoebe actually brought to the script. The character Ana played kinda felt like it could have been a Killing eve character or maybe even the over top Eastern European scientist guy. I could see the vibe they were wanting looking at Killing Eve and how they could bring that to Bond. I'm not sure if it fully worked some bits were just too long. The ending was a bit anti climatic.Rami's villain story arc could have been better, if he had been linked maybe back to Casino royale that could have been good to tie it all up Or even just to Blofeld there was no real purpose for him to suddenly see Bond as a nemesis. Still very entertaining and directed brilliantly. Daniel has been fantastic from beginning to end
Its the first Bond movie where James Bond has a girlfriend and a dauhter
Eyy movie review!!
007 is not just a number according to Ian Fleming
First time I really didnt agree with the your review. Gotta say, this film felt like more of a empty shell for me. :-/
I’ve seen the film and trailers made the new 007 seem like a utter bitch and that bond just bent over, said sorry all the time (I blame the marketing people for that) but there’s back and forth between the pair which was funny and both have a some what mutual respect for one another by the 3rd act.   Two things I disliked first, the back and forth from point A to point B and recycling that 3 times, they have a whole island just do A, B, C, D then back to C. Second, the final showdown between bond and the villain made no sense thematically. Otherwise, I enjoyed the film.
2:58 Ehhhhh close
I will admit, I also follow these outrage YouTube channels, some can be sound and some can be just outright obnoxious! But honestly, two things, one: some articles just leave a bad taste in my brain and I might consider watching it if lent to me on DVD. Two: I want to get the New Metroid and Demon Slayer games, so I got a lot of money to spend.
Ana de Armas is so good, Blade Runner 2049 too
I was effected too
rami deserved more screen time, he’s a great actor and we didn’t get enough chance to see into his character and understand him. he didn’t feel as much of a threat as the other villains, because of how little we saw him. he was spectacular when he did get a scene though
Black woke women
You should guest on Friday night tights. Exactly the negative stuff you talked about which people are criticizing the movie for is all they complain about. Even after they watch a movie they will still say things are there which aren't. You would be a breath of fresh air and counter to them.
I agree with you Chris in your review on this movie definitely worth seeing
Please just tell me where I can get that Metroid shirt!
This movie is one hour to long and border lining Last Action Hero in it's actions scenes.  I love Last Action Hero, but that was a comedy. :D
Chris you are the best reviewer out there.
Please let the next Bond be Henry Cavill, he smashed the spy role in mission impossible and the man from uncle. I feel he would do amazing in Bond.
I would protect PWB with my life
Preferred the James Bond where they didn't have much link to other movies.
What did he give as a rating?
Only thing I really dont want to happen is that the black women becomes the new 007 after Craig in the future films😬
Agh I remember why I stopped watching your videos.
Wth?!! Since when you’re married. We need vlogs
Sitting here, watching this review and it was this point that i realised i haven't actually watched the previous 007 film, woops
You voice is great man! Thanks for doing this while having a cold.
Chris is rocking that Metroid shirt
He has returned: Stuck Chrismann
We (🇦🇺) have to wait until November 11. 😭
What is this thing with u tubers, when they feel under the weather and they have to let us know that their voice has changed like they are preaching high notes of Maria Carey... Just do the damn video so we can all move on with our lives
Dope Dread shirt
Thanks so much for reviewing this! I had a blast with this movie and I really think it’s getting too much hate for some of the controversies. The female 007 thing was handled really well I think. It didn’t even feel like she was challenging him as a feminist, just as a young ambitious person trying to surpass someone surviving on seniority.
get well soon Chris!
stuckman is paid off. The movie was garbage.
As the wise people use to say, " a lot of times you only really value something when it's taken away from you ". We're so used to some modern habits that we take them for granted for forever, hard times suck but they're useful to help us value these simple things as going to the theater.
paid off
That stairs fighting scene is another of a several other films copying that original EPIC stairs fight scene in ATOMIC BLOND
I get that Chris doesn’t want to talk negatively about movies but come on... This one had a really poorly written villain. And for a movie that’s 160 minutes long having only 2-3 memorable moments it’s kinda disappointing.
This was a strange one for me... on the one hand, I put on my objective film critic hat, and I can see that this is a well-made movie that in some ways might be one of the best, if not THE best James Bond movie for how well-crafted and emotionally impactful it is...  ...but then, I put on my Bond fan hat, or even just my “action/adventure movie fan” hat, and I felt like I was left rather cold from this movie. It doesn’t really feel like a Bond movie to me. I feel like the weight of all the traditions that the Craig era has either done away with or subverted or “evolved” over the course of his run, have taken their toll on how this movie feels in the franchise. It was already a problem for me in Spectre, where the movie took on a very slow, dramatic, “mature” and strangely colorless feel to it, which is strange for me when it comes to Bond. Skyfall had managed to hit a more mature and “classy” level of filmmaking, while still retaining enough action, edge and vigor to make it still feel like a Bond movie. Spectre took that approach a step further, but lost the vigor, IMO. The movie was boring. No Time To Die isn’t quite boring, but I just found myself feeling surprisingly blah from it, even during most of the action. And again, I put on my objective reviewer hat, it’s all very well-done, but something about an aging Craig running around in a dark depressing forest trying to save his “wife and kid” just doesn’t feel Bond to me. It felt like a generic family thriller instead. A well-made one, but a generic one, nonetheless.  The long, slow, more dramatic pre-title sequence didn’t really help either. I really felt the lack of momentum that I usually want from a Bond opening sequence. I think this is the longest and slowest pre-title sequence ever, which takes well over 10 minutes or so? to get to the actual action sequence. And then the title song by Billie Eilish... I mean, I heard it a year or so ago, when it first came out, like everybody did... so I knew what to expect on that going in, and I was just as bored by it as I expected. I’m tired of the slow, dramatic Bond songs. I’m really craving another “You Know My Name” type rock song that will actually kick off a film properly, the way that song did for Casino Royale.   Speaking of which, I actually came from No Time To Die with a huge craving to watch Casino Royale, just so I could get a taste of that more upbeat, fun, vigorous, bright, colorful and exciting version of Bond that I really am missing these days. I get that Craig’s Bond evolved from that, and in some ways, he’s a better character on a dramatic level. But I’m just not in the mood for that these days, for whatever reason. I didn’t really expect this movie would be the kind of Bond movie I want, but I at least expected to be more engaged by it, and I just wasn’t really, even though I can objectively see that the movie and it’s emotional content is well-done, as well as the action being well done... but I just couldn’t get into it very much for the same reason I couldn’t get into Spectre... too drab in it’s filmmaking style. Too colorless and lifeless a color palette... everything’s white, black, brown or gray. This one took on more dark lighting too. Too slow and long in its pacing. Not enough hallmarks of Bond, and when they’re there, they’re too watered down and “mature” in their approach, even while tongue-in-cheek repeatedly paying homage to the fact that they’re NOT doing it the traditional way, which is an approach that was novel and interesting in Casino Royale, even up until Skyfall, but by this point, I get it... he’s not our father’s Bond... but I kinda want him to be a bit more???  I dunno... I hope I come around and can appreciate this movie for what it is, but I found myself more depressed that Casino Royale, and to a lesser extent Skyfall, are the only films of Craig’s objectively strong run as Bond that I can actually feel the “Bond” vibe from, and I found myself really nostalgically longing for at least one more Casino Royale style film from him, or perhaps an even more typical Bond film that would be more reminiscent of the Connery era, or even a good Brosnan film like GoldenEye... and I didn’t get it. Oh well... I guess it just makes me appreciate Casino Royale all the more.  I don’t know who would be best for the next Bond, but I just hope that whoever it is... they can start off with a good, exciting, fresh movie again, like GoldenEye or Casino Royale. I really want that exciting classic Bond feel from a fresh, new, modern movie again.
Apart from Casino Royale, I haven't enjoyed the Craig era at all, and I'm glad it's finally coming to a close.   Hopefully, we can get some fun injected back into the franchise now, rather than this dark, depressin, and dull kick that the franchise has been on. I've also always felt that Craig's take was lacking, although he's a brilliant actor. His take has the brooding dial turned up a little to high, and the charm, and humor dials turned down way to low.
Next - squid game ?
Talented, 2 very big TALENTS
Chris I want to hear your review of squid game! Apparently now it's the most watched show on Netflix of all time!
First time i cried with a bond film. The song st the end killed me. At her majesty’s service was always top 5 bond films for me
Stop pandering and talking about people's outrage. Fuck them. Just talk about the movie. We live in an outrage culture cause we keep talking about it. Just ignore people
Let’s be real everyone was mad because the rumors of Bond dying and being replaced by a woman. We’ll see how that turns out but never downplay people’s outrage over a very valid thing. Bond should always be a man PERIOD!
Already got my IMAX tickets booked for this upcoming Saturday. Can't wait!
Shite, period.
A Chris Stuckmann thumbnail for a new movie at this point is a seal of quality
Lovin the Metroid Dread shirt!
I only give billie eilish criticism cause I know she can sing. I know she was them pipes to just explode. But why are you whispering lol
idk, i think Craig's Bonds are overrated. Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace are good. Skyfall overrated - like a vague ripoff of the Dark Knight. Also how did he go from being a rookie 00 to a grizzled veteran in skyfall in just 3 movies?   Spectre is a forgettable mess. I'll have to rewatch it remember what happened in order to watch the new movie.
It wasn't just his blue eyes, I think it was a combination of things. If you remember at the time there was a lot of talk about taking bond to his original Connery era, so people were expecting a darker looking bond, and Craig was too blonde with very light blue eyes, so some people were disappointed thinking the producers are not taking this seriously.
Hope the film projects are going good Chris!
It was a really good move!! I even cried a few times. The forest in Norway was epic. Poor tree holding all those hopes and dreams.
Love Ana de Armas. I've heard a couple people already say shes amazing in this movie.. cant wait to see it tomorrow!!. also love Chris reviews one of my favorites next to Jeremy but you can tell he's so fed up with people's anger that he doesnt really try to understand their stance anymore. Just sees it as kids complaining.... but the movie marketing is made to seem like they gonna feed you some woke propaganda, people were mad at the actress supposedly replacing Bond and becoming a womans film with what the director commented as well pushing for it to be a woman replacing 007... no one was mad or upset a woman was directing. But more we didnt want another woke propaganda film like Ghost busters 2016, Charlie's Angel's & Black widow... so it ain't just ranting and anger being dispose. But some people just dont wanna sit down and feel like they're being spoon fed things they dont agree with in lovable franchises
I love Billie Eilish. Fuck all the people who gives her shit! I can't wait to see this movie!
Sean Connery is the greatest Bond of all time let's be clear on that. Dr No, From Russia With Love, Goldfinger, Thunderball, You Only Live Twice.  For me I'll go 1) Sean 2) Roger 3) Craig 4) Tim  5) Brosnan  6) George
After the Phoebe Waller-Bridge comment, I'd love to see your review of Dave Chappelle's new special "The Closer". This will make me very happy o/
Your experience is how I felt watching Suicide Squad
I respect your honest review here, Chris, and that you would recommend that we support this film. However, the problem that I, and many others have is that this is the same studio and director who shat on their fans on social media in celebration, and perpetuated a "woke" film pandering to the cancel-culture twittersphere. Then... upon the films release the studio becomes almost desperate for our support in order to break even on their 900 Million dollar investment. This is a MAJOR problem that both Hollywood and social media are to blame for. I believe you that this film doesn't pander, but then why would it's director and the studio treat fans the way they did, or participate in social media and kneel to the woke crowd in fear of getting canceled? It didn't serve them well at all.
Never Say Never Again is just a remake of Thunderball.
Chris 'grew up' on James bond films.
4:11 - if you're into mumble music, that's fine. otherwise her music is not good
Have you already seen Dune? I've seen both and for me, Dune was the ultimate reminder to what epic blockbuster cinema can be.  That said, No time to die may be my favourite Daniel Craig Bond film, because for the first time ever I actually saw Bond as a genuinely sympathetic man.
When do you start filming your movie?
He was a very good Bond, but seriously hes NOT the best of all time. That would be Sean Connery. By miles. Then Brosnan and then Craig.
I happy that No Time To Die was a Great Conclusion to Craig's Bond😃. But it's so sad that it's  over "This end of a era"😔
“People get upset. It’s very monetize-able. People were upset that they brought on Phoebe Waller-Bridge because…she’s a woman…?” Chris, you’re right about outrage being commonplace/easily monetized…you’re just demonizing the complete wrong side…
Time for Idris
People mad about a woman writing the James Bond script? It’s already been done before. In the very beginning on Doctor No. Joanna Harwood co-wrote it, so what’s the big deal? And there was already a bad ass black woman with Bond, Jinx.
I feel after Amazon purchased MGM there were ALOT of reshoots. In response to the negative backlash to the 1st trailer.
billie eilish KILLED it with that opening song
LOVE THAT SHIRT
Thanks for the review Chris!  For sure, there is a lot of outrage out there, but I have definitely noticed since 2016 that political and social commentary have been injected into movies and video games media.  It's not even subtle.  They just beat your over the head with a bat.  And that's why people are upset, regardless of what political/social position is taken.  People want to escape their problems for a few hours, but now in a lot of cases, we can't.
wait i thought "no more reviews?"
Hey Chris! How excited are you for Metroid Dread?!?
The best scene was where Bond has to make it up several flights of stairs, being shot at from above and with baddies coming out of doors on the way, and the whole thing was done in one friggin' take! It starts just after he throws a grenade up in the air and is about 2 1/4 hours into the movie.
We share the exact same order of the Craig bond films in liking Chris! The only one that might shock you is that I prefer quantum over spectre 😂 but great job as always!
You Did look a little sickly. Hope you feel better
Well, i guess Bondˋs family cohesion didnt last very long then ,did it ? The movie was pretty straightforward in other parts to.  Q did amazing job with the car again putting it back together. Didnt quite understand what Safinˋs gardening was about but he sure was passionate about it. Craig was Outstanding like always . Malek did an Excellent job with the character but there should have had more screen time to bring up more depthness into it. Armas , Lynch ,Waltz + others and the whole crew job well done ,Cheers! . Professional Greatness from Start to Finish . Very Good.
Made up you like it Chris I love how you judge thing on technical side of things like how the action is shot, suppose because your a director you are going to do that 😃 daniel craig after this film is my favourite bond
Slight spoiler, but the only ‘pandering’ bit in the entire film to me was when the ——— spoiler ——— evil scientist suddenly becomes a nazi with his last line, just seemed wildly out of place
I’m only now realizing this movie is a mini-Knives Out reunion with Craig and Ana de Armas
5:43 This is intentionally obtuse. Some people dislike/hate/whatever Phoebe Waller-Bridge because she's perceived as woke and they hate woke people. Her gender is irrelevant. You think they like woke men any more than her? No, no they dont. Crying sexism at any criticism of a woman (whether it's ridiculous internet outrage or not) is stupid, dilutes the word for when it's used to call out actual sexism, and is itself sexist against women because it implies that they're somehow incapable of handling hate like men can.
I really miss the old Stuckmann song
Some may say that the Daniel Craig James Bond movies had more continuity than Disney Star Wars’ trilogy.
The problem doesn't end up being the movie, but when the director, directing a James Bond movie, says: "Sean Connery's Bond was a rapist." Is this really necessary, Chris? Often whoever is behind the movie that causes the fans' hatred, rather than the other way around.
For the last time, Craig is not pronounced Cregg. It rhymes with vague.
Whinerbabies incessantly complaining about movies they haven't seen because "diversity" or whatever is a real problem, one of the most obnoxious.
Terrible villain Far too long  Bond dies  Stuckmann - this is a great film.🤔😄
Honestly Daniel Craigs Bond was dirty... He got messy and sweaty. Bond litterally used to look like a stunt double came in and did the scene, then Bond would reappear untouched and smooth. That was the appeal of bond. The swave semi-womenizer. You cannot take the core away or youll wind up with a mix of the movies taken/and the born identity series. Its lame to see bond like this and if it WASN'T Bond then I would appreciate the series more. Skyfall was amazing but it didnt feel "Bond branded", if that makes sense.
This is a terrible movie, james bond getting replaced by a black woman. When will Hollywood learn....
I honestly prefer spectre lol. Mainly because of how original it is with filming and not being typical. This film was a blast but it was also quite typical at times. Still good though
Chris, that thumbnail made me laugh out loud. Can't wait to watch the movie.
I want to believe that Chris’ cold is just a lead up to a zombie Chris by Halloween 🎃
Dude where is the squid game review????
Great video bro
The new intro not cool :/
The job's done and the bastard is dead
I took my sister to see No Time To Die yesterday. She’s never seen a bond film in her life where as I grew up watching the old bond movies with my grandpa.  She cried at the finale which is not normal for her. One of the best endings to an era that I’ve seen in my life.
2:47 I was literally only 3 in 2004, so this is all historical for me, but I thought the principled outrage was at Daniel Craig being Bond was that he was blonde (and short) when all the previous Bonds had been dark-haired (and taller), not that he was blue-eyed. As someone who is opposed to changes to characters' appearances and identities, which most often manifests today as disgustingly woke race swaps, gender swaps, sexuality swaps, etc., I look back at the outrage at him being blonde and agree with it. James Bond is one singular character. Even when the actor switches, it's still the same character. Therefore, his appearance should change as little as possible between actors. Craig shouldve died his hair for the role. That being said, the height thing is whatever to me. Tom Cruise never looks short in any of his movies. Anyway, this is why I apposed Idris Elba as Bond, because he looks nothing like Bond. 007? Sure, give the number away to a different agent; I dont care about that like some people do. But James Bond should stay James Bond.
His voice aint up to par. He got the covid lawd jesus 😭
I don't understand why they felt the need to make a new bond movie... I never really cared for James Bond I came here cuz I thought Chris was going to criticize it lol
The girl in the movie has a 5 year old that she NEVER sees and has been hiding ----- from the TOP SECRET MI6 for 5 years (she works for them)??? How is that possible??? Who has been raising this child?? How did no one know this??
Thank you Chris for giving Daniel Craig his flowers!
Why would you even try to start something by saying people were upset about Phoebe Waller writing because “she’s a woman?” Seriously man that sort of thing is just as disgusting as any kind of sexism out there. People were upset about her writing because if you look at her writing credits, it made absolutely no sense that she was on this writing team, which would naturally lead one to think she might’ve been brought on to shoehorn some feminism into the movie… Thankfully it sounds like that wasn’t true, but that’s bs if you can’t see how one would assume that
Only Time for Dune.
I agree with all your points very well performed and filmed. Well written but not for a Bond fan like myself. I love over the top action and u do get that at the beginning but then we only get one other scene that is classic James Bond action throughout the rest of the film. The ending is also well done but there was very little action, 007 was a pointless character she had very few scenes. I won’t rant but for me it’s not the one. I really didn’t enjoy the film I felt as if I was watching a drama not a action packed classic Bond movie. Gets a 1 from me sadly. Very disappointed 😪
This barely counts as a review lmao At this point you are just making ads for films then putting ads on them. Barely feels like you even critique things anymore. Do you Chris but im out
Never in a James Bond 007 movie have they ever killed James Bond just changed the actor. but in this movie they actually killed for the first time James Bond. that means James Bond is dead and the next 007 will not be James Bond they will put somebody in the 007 spot  which is just a number but it won't be James Bond. A very disgusting thing  to do to a awesome  series and had one of the biggest fans following including myself which looked forward to the next up and coming movie everytime, this one was very disgustingly disappointing. Ian Fleming is rolling and screaming in his grave due to this stupidity on behalf of Hollywood which they had no right to do. Not to mention this movie was a snoozefest,  long and boring all you have to do is watch the preview to see all the action scenes, nice job dumbasses.
Scrapbook scene  Look at RABBIT SYMBOL. Child abducted to an Island. Malik and child scenes are cringey....
I don't even give a shit about Bond but I still liked Chris' chill take on all of this (as usual btw). I guess there are still reasonable people on the internet?
I do very much respect your opinions. I really don't think people are outraged just because Phoebe Waller-Bridge is a woman.  I feel that would be a silly opinion for anyone to have.  I think it's because she comes with some baggage and unfortunately she has somehow become the poster-girl for anti-male rhetoric within movies, which is probably unfair because she's pretty good at what she does and seems genuinely quite likeable.    So basically, due to the press on this, I think people may go into this thinking that James Bond is going to go around apologising to women for 2 hours, never being allowed to save a woman from anything, being the butt of every joke and coming out the other end looking like a cuck 😂  Completely agree that people should watch the movie and judge for themselves.  That's what I'm gonna do.
Sean connerys last Bond film was The Rock with nic cage
NTTD is shit.
Craig has definitely been my favorite Bond.  He really sells how deadly and cold the character is...while still being charming.
Casino royale is just so well done that its unbeatable. #1 of all bond movies
I’ll be posting Chris’ ratings for major films that he skips.  Chris: “I’m gonna give Venom: Let There Be Carnage a B”
Phoebe is a good writer, but I would have never guessed she would be brought on to write for a bond film. I have a feeling it has less to do with her being a woman, and more to do with the fact that her previously known work would probably lead people to believe that a movie like this was not in her wheelhouse.
It's woke. You're woke. You know there was a meeting that discussed how to turn bond into a black woman and make q gay. They check boxes and you like that. You say we let our politics affect us. I say you like woke messages and you let that affect you.
I'll be waiting for your review of "Dune", Chris!  I've heard its an incredibly immersive theatrical experience.
I have mixed feelings towards it. Better than spectre and had good action but it left so many things unexplained/glossed over them. Why did bloefeld want the villains family dead? How was bloefeld able to communicate with the outside world? Why did that spectre henchman change sides? What was going on with felix’s American friend - his motivation? Also what was villains motivation? Yes he no like spectre but why kill everyone else in the world? Also why was there such a rush to blow up the Island base? There was no t minus detonation of the dna weapon or anything. It being destroyed then or destroyed tomorrow is the same thing no?
”View to a Kill is kind of a comedy” WTF is wrong with you?
Sean Connery technically had 3 farewell films, You Only Live Twice was supposed to be his final one until he got offered shitloads for Diamonds and Never Say Never Again
Anyone else think Rami Malek is overrated?
Making bond episodic was a mistake  in my opinion .bond should just remain bond going on missions , a moment in time in the life of 007 ,and your the viewer are along the ride  .Daniel  should have left after sky fall . Daniel first three work as trilogy setting up bond and the world ,the characters he’s gonna go on future missions etc .Spectre shit on the that .The action in INTTD is great, it’s a bond film .but the villains were underused  for me the second acts  pacing and convoluted plot kill the momentum and didn’t feel the chemistry with bond and Madeline  in spectre and i it just feels forced here . In an over all  ark  of Daniel run .I get the ending ,I just didn’t like it  . Daniel like all bonds before him is just someone who plays bond and don’t get me wrong has played a fantastic bond and up till spectre , he was my favourite ,knocking Connery off my top spot bond ,  the plot playing  out this way just stops bond in its tracks cause connecting his films  would only lead to what we got   Witch left me with a bittersweet taste for me .
It's not about women wrote this movie. It's about how they promote this movie.
Finally a real movie review, I thought they were gone forever
Best Bond of all time? Dude, you sure you're a fan?
What’s a cold? You mean COLDVID?
I can’t wait. Thanks, Chris!
Figures Stuckmann would like all the woke crap purposely written in to the film!
Daniel Craig is your favorite bond?! Jfc... Dark brooding emo bond is garbage... Fun campy bond movies were so much better....
license to kill?  really?
If it's Craig then no time to review movie will be superb without any doubt he's legend
Oh yea that’s why people give Billie Eilish sh*t..because she’s “talented”...we would not even know her name if she wasn’t pretty as well as having connections in the industry, she is a plant, and now nobody ever shuts up about her. I don’t even dislike her voice nor do I care for her music one way or the other, but I am pretty sure most who are sick of her, are just tired of her being brought up in places where she is barely relevant.  Just say her song was good and be done with it, stop defending people who don’t need to be defended, bringing up the blue eyed thing too (I’m sure Daniel Craig is just fine)...even your last review on Midnight Mass, it seems like you’re just angry and incorporating passive aggressive insults to various groups of people who hold different opinions than you do.  Idk what’s happening, but it’s getting difficult to watch your reviews because of these little digs and “people are this and people are that, man” comments, Yea well, PEOPLE watch your videos, not the celebrities and directors you gas up.  Just focus on the movie and the review, although you also seem unable to be critical as a viewer and consumer lately, it hurts the integrity of your reviews, as if you don’t want to hurt the “big man’s” feelings so you shit on the little guys watching, it’s strange but I can’t say I’m surprised since you clearly would rather be creating films of your own. Perhaps you simply cannot authentically uphold both at once, I really don’t know, but something is off.
We need a new James Bond video game :(
Conservatives: Cool! A new James Bond movie. Liberals: Aaaah! Conservatives are outraged that a FEMALE is involved with the James Bond movie!!! Conservatives: No..... not really. Liberals: But see? Here is your PROOF! We found someone on the internet COMPLAINING! Therefore they represent ALL of you! Conservatives: Please leave me alone.
James Bond has retired more times than Jay-Z. "Retired spy has to come out of retirement for a mission" is getting extremely repetitive.
So he hates it? The thumbnail suggests that.
I'll watch it for sure once it comes out on BR. My HT/TV room is way better than my local theater.
I think Idris Elba should be the next bond.
REVIEW OLD
It was better When you gave a score to the movie.
This fool got a movie and now he’s trying to get in with the degene rate Woke crowd.
keep up with the reviews
No time to die was the first film.I watch on the big screen post pandemic and it was really worth it. I forgot how great a big screen, great sound system and crowd reactions could be.
I completely agree with the ranking of the films. It’s 3rd on my list also. Skyfall is that just bit better. But this film is historic in its choices. It’s the most polarized Bondfilm of all. Love it or hate it, there’s no ‘it’s ok’.
Watched it on your laptop? 🧐🤨 🧑‍💻
It’s not possible that we saw the same movie! It was the absolute worst!! And it didn’t even account for previous plot lines!? Wrf ! admittedly the actions scenen are great. But come on that fucking ending when the “bad guy” just strolls in ???? And definitely things were shoved down or rather inserted from behind!?
I love your reviews man but I just can't get behind your love of movie theaters. I've discovered over the last year that I don't miss the theaters. They're expensive. Other people are, bluntly, gross and/or rude. The floors are usually sticky. The only good thing about a theater is the big screen and the sound systems but my sound system is pretty close.
What´s so wrong with calling videos "Movie - review" ????
That movie was a farce. Seriously.
This doesn't feel like much of a review. It's more so you just talking about how much you loved being in a theater again. It also feels like you couldn't give the most honest and thorough review because your mind was elsewhere.
review squid games ?
Daniel Craig was James Bond when I was in elementary school. I'm out of college now. Definitely my favorite Bond too, so sad to see him go
Where can I buy that shirt ??
Nice Metroid Dread shirt 1 day before release:)
I wanted to see more of Ana de Armas character, it seem like a very fun type of agent
Has Stuckmann become fatter or is he on steroids?
I hate the ending and I always will because to me it’s completely unnecessary and continuing a trend that makes no sense to me.   To each their own.
Dude you keep repeating that people are getting upset over nothing about this movie and a bunch of made up articles are getting people mad. Many  people in Hollywood involved in the making of these movies have expressed interest in making new bond movies with a female. The first trailer was really focused on trying to push these concepts.
As much as I like Chris' takes, there are things it appears he plays dumb about People don't like that writer because they feel her work is her poorly forced polical views. People do not like Billie because her persona has changed to appear as a "sellout" and she is seen by many as a bad influence on the female youth
According to Chris, Phoebe-WB is exempt from criticism, and only receives any because she is a woman.  Nothing to do with the quality of her writing or how hard her material is wedged into an already finished script.
Have you stopped giving movies a grade? F-A+?
My thought exactly, this movie was awesome in the theatre, I think it was a great sending off. A+
Do Chris’s eyes look weird in this video or is it just me?
Some people will hate the ending. But I found it fresh and a good end
That Metroid shirt!🤟🏽
Chris your voice sounds fine there's no problem with it
well said sir. the movie is fantastic and a great send off for daniel craig.
and NO, i won't watch the movie first because the main point of movies is to get your money, if they're pushing messages you don't like, well done or not, you show you don't approve by shutting the wallet. cuz if you watch the movie they have your money and think you want more of bad messaging. there's reasons i skipped this movie and mortal kombat and such and it's because i won't be woke pandered to. if you want to use that to sell then my wallet remains shut.
Chris Stuckman please don't ever go away from reviewing movies, your the reason why i started my channel last year, keep doing what your doing and keep naming your videos the movie then - Movie Review 🎬
It is a great film.  However, the ending was poor.  They did not have to end it that way.
Fuck theaters.
I have been bagging on and whining about the delays in this, Batman, and Maverick pretty much daily. now it's finally here we're seeing it tomorrow IMAX matinee!!!!! finally! I am grateful you're only suffering from the common cold. here's to you're feeling better soon!
Worst Bond movies ever! Glad he's done...I like Craig but not as Bond.
Chris, don’t overthink things man. We all support your endeavors to become a full time filmmaker. But Review movies as you wish in the meantime. You don’t have to get to cute with it. We support you no matter what
Seeing this tonight, can’t wait
actually people are giving her shit because she's defending her racist homophobic boyfriend.
I agree with your sentiments on the writing and how it felt. I wish they'd been more consistent with the story telling towards the end. It felt like a few plot points were just abandoned, or were obviously bunk considering the situation. I'd give it a B... Enjoyable, but not without flaws .
Seeing the yellow “movie review” on your thumbnail was kind of refreshing tbh
Great review Chris I agree almost 100% Sean Connery will always be my favourite though but that’s probably because he was Bond when I first watched a Bond movie, incidentally I had my first ever hot dog afterwards lol I was 8. Daniel Craig has been superb imo and I knew he would be from the moment I saw him on the Thames when he was announced.
the problem this movie had initially was they were pushing the leticia replacing bond as double 07 and that she was 'better' than bond. and the new stuff has to do with the writer being someone who did a movie a lot of people didn't like that was pushing politics. this movie has things weighing it down because of political climate and it didn't do itself favors anymore than the new terminator did by saying 'it'll scare misogynist' or black widow with johanson saying the movie was fighting patriarchy. this bond film has the same problems so even if it is good, it weighed itself down with these issues and could have possibly performed better if it hadn't been pushing these things.
that shirt is lit
I thought he wasn't doing reviews anymore
You are going to love Dread.
I am not a big fan of the Daniel Craig James Bond films. The only one that I like is Quantum of Solace which is the one everyone else seems to hate. I've been looking forward to the end of this era so that we can get on to the next one for a while now.
So glad it had such an impact on you Chris!
Chris, I am worried about your immine system. Your sick or getting over a cold in like 20% of your videos, lol. Take vitamin D and C supplements.
It was average like a 5 outta 10
Yuck 007 woman????  Shutup it does matter. Let's make charlies Angels with all guys. 😆 I'm sure it's fine, just giving you a hard time
You know damn well it's not because "she's a woman".
very sad ending
“In a fucking theatre” here’s a like for you! 👍🏽
It was kind of serendipitous that my first Bond film in theatres was Craig’s last one. Btw, love the Metroid shirt! Hope you have fun with Dread
Metroid is cool!
This is without a doubt, the worst and dumbest review I've ever seen on this channel.
2nd best bond to Royale
PERFECT way to reintroduce the cinematic experience to my life (in IMAX no less!).
A tear dropped at the end of this movie.
does he give a grade for this
So Chris is woke, got it. Doesn’t bother me personally, but stop acting vague about it like you’re afraid to say what’s really on your mind
Did he stop giving scores for reviews?
Chris I really been looking forward to this man.
Movie theaters won’t be a thing soon
Sick Metroid shirt, Chris. God, I can't wait for Metroid Dread!
Please do a Halloween Kills review
We were upset because Phoebe said she was going to ritualistically humiliate Bond in the name of Feminism. 😂 Seriously, look at what she said she was going to do.  Now fortunately someone stepped in and all that crap didn’t happen, but it was BAD.
Yes, but was it worth getting sick by going into theaters?
Daniel Craig isn’t even a top 3 Bond for me.
It was the blond hair not the blue eyes people had a problem with.  Roger Moore had blue eyes.
Does chris still do ratings for his reviews?
Hey psst Chris, Titane is pretty good
Awesome movie review! I've watched No Time To Die on Tuesday and I totally agree with you 🙂 I just didn't like the ending 💔  btw great channel 💯💯
My wife and I went to see NTTD today and loved it. To be fair to the people who had gotten up in arms about the identity politics angle of the movie, that is entirely the fault of the marketing campaign. Excuse the pun, but I hope the current economic climate acts as a 'woke' up call to Hollywood. Without revenue there are no movies, and the fans are the revenue. Anyway, unlike the marketing campaign, there wasn't a single moment in the movie that irritated me. I loved it!
I think No Time To Die (2021) will divide a lot of people. I personally like it. It wasn't perfect but it was a very good conclusion to the Daniel Craig/James Bond Era and a BIG improvement over Spectre (2015).
I appreciate all of your views on films.  As for the angry nuts out there, no need to waste your time expressing your views on them. They’re not worth it.
I miss the theatre, too. So, Amen on that
No Venom review 😢
imagine liking skyfall more than no time to die........
I predict No time to die would have gotten an A-
I accept that this is a good send off. But lets be honest A View to a Kill is the most iconic Roger Moore movie (next to Octopussy) and honestly it's stupid as shit and forced bond to be rebooted but so is Die Another Day for Pierce Brosnan. What do people really remember from GoldenEye, the  videogame.
It must be so rewarding as an actor to have been demonized for getting the part to becoming the best actor to ever play 007. Daniel Craig will be forever missed.
Honestly found it barely better than Spectre. At least we always have Casino Royale and Skyfall.
Le chiffre is just a man who has debt problems 😭
If you are a fan you're gonna love it.
Honestly, they should have just abandoned this stupid storyline and stupid villain and put a new , fun story with Ana De Armas and the blonde as the Bond girls. This movie could have been so much better, it felt a bit empty.
Can we get the old intro, nothing bad about the new one, but the old one was nostalgic
I'm not really a Bond fan, but I thought Daniel Craig was generally good overall, with good supporting casts.  (I actually don't really like Casino Royale 😬)
I already have my tickets to see it tonight. I can’t wait, it’s very exciting.
Saw it last night. I'd see it again
People give Billie ilish shit because all modern music is shit
Just been to see it today! I thought it was really good. It’s a fine swan song for Daniel Graig.
Man, I totally agree with your ranking of these movies. "Casino Royale" rules. Quantum is last. I was a extra in Panama when they filmed. Everybody very excited due to the superb first movie. When it came out, it was just ok.
Did you do something different with your color grading?  This looks AMAZING and the crispest it’s ever looked
The reality of it is this isn't a particularly great Bond film. Of Daniel Craig's five movies this is second worst next to Quantum of Solace.
I agree, Ana de Armas is probably the only reason I see this movie 😶 but, my only question, why all the grenades in this movie are like firecrackers???
If Rami Malek doesn’t say “fuck society” to James Bond in this movie, I’m walking out of the theater
I've only seen the Sean Connery Bond movies. I want to see this one, but I also don't want to see anybody as 007 other than James Bond because well... James Bond IS 007
Metroid
I can't honestly be the only one who thought this film was shite? So many aspects of this film let me down
When you planning to do venom 2
The political message went over the top in 2 places for me in this movie.   1. Nomi's pestering on the 007 title just got too self-aware and annoying.  2. The scientist becoming super racist out of nowhere. If he had appeared like this from the beginning it would not have felt so out of place.. But he was comic relief and that was completely unnecessary for me.   Other than those two moments it was all good really. I wish Moneypenny had more to do.  However, I ended up hating the movie because of the ending. And some of the plot/writing was lazy.
Man plz  Next review Dune plz
What's up with movie reviewers saying they were snubbed by the producers of the film because their positive reviews weren't positive enough? All these movie reviews lack any criticism at all, even the slightest bit. And no movie is perfect. So why is that missing from literally all the reviews? The way the producers and studio handled PR for this is a damn shame.
My favorite part is where James Bond dies.
So what’s the rating?? Did you just forget to rate it??
Just tell me, is Rami Malek good in it? Because that's the only thing I care about.
Can't say that I've ever been really interested in James Bond movies, I've only watched a few of them.  The only thing I can remember from the franchise is something with a space laser, and a dude with diamonds in his face.  Just not my kind of genre.
James Bond has blue eyes? Blasphemy, how dare they make him a blond. Oh well at least they didn’t make him a woman. Hold my beer.
Chris says it perfectly “Just watch the movie”.
Chris, thank you for your time to do this review. I can tell you that I have been watching your reactions for some years now, I promote you and your channel to all of my friends. I genuinely look forward to each and every review have done even if I have no interest in that movie. I share your thoughts about seeing a movie in a theater and hope that we can all get back to where we were before. If you are so inclined, please continue your reviews I will be watching them. Thank you.
My biggest/only problem I have with this movie is the subsequent speculation about who will take over as Bond. Did we watch the same movie? Bond is dead and Nomi is the new 007.
have longed for your review since the premier <3
I thought Chris stopped reviewing movies?
~Heavy spoilers~🍿 ~Long Read~📖  I think the overall problem with this movie is that they are trying to pick up the pieces left behind from spectre, and none of whats in that movie landed or felt legitimate or earned. I Actually like Lea Seydoux as an actress who played Madeline and was excited that she was the new bond girl in spectre, but the execution of their love story was so contrived, that in the end I really didn't care or believe it was a legitimate romance. Even the people who made that movie knows what's wrong with it. Why would they double down on it?   The writing and execution in the first quarter of the this movie was pretty good up to a point but the basis for the characters just weren't there for me, again cuz it so heavily relies on spectre. You could call this spectre 2 tbh   The concept of Bond having a child and the fact that it's a daughter on top of it Is actually a genius move as a concept on paper, its kinda like poetic justice for him. The idea that he has to really commit and care and actually be responsible for someone more than yourself. Having that character be his daughter could have been deeply profound in that way. They could have also addressed his relationship with women through the daughter character. That would be addressing the misogyny and faults in his character. Maybe even could address the vesper Lind history that made Bond unable to commit to any real relationships with women because of how his heart was basically ripped out of his chest by Vesper. I'll give Daniel Craig this, he knocked it out of the park with this movie in terms of his acting, especially in a few key scenes. He made me really feel like he realises his life has just turned upside down the moment he saw his daughters eyes. He genuinely made me tear up couple times in the film if I'm being honest. Any scene with Bond and his daughter was elevated by Craig's acting, and almost made up for some of the lackluster writing in the film. He made me really feel Bonds urgency and angst from her safety being in jeopardy. The daughter aspect, if it was utilised more and written better, could have had the potential to make this something really special and powerful. You could potentially really disect Bond through the daughter character, break his character down, address his issues and still feel like everything organically came together, cuz there could be a central focal point for it all, his new daughter. Come to think of it, it's actually not that dissimilar to the concept of what they did for wolverine in Logan.   Ok...Ana de armas was a total smoke show in this role! Holy hell she was good. Her character was badass, playful and intrigueing and that made her even sexier. I didn't think she could get more attractive but this role definitely did it. She should have been Bonds sidekick throughout the movie and become friends with him instead, moving away from a potentially cliched romance. Maybe there could have been a throughline in the film with him becoming sort of her mentor along the way since he's pretty much the most seasoned agent and she's insecure with how good she is. You can even still have the "saying no" scene later in the movie as their partnership grows and maybe some awkwardness leading to a back and forth conversation. Maybe he tells her about Vesper. Wnatever. Something like that would have felt organic, served as character development for Bond and some more three-dimensional depth to her character. Makes the "saying no" moment maybe actually mean something in the movie rather than a throwaway comedic jab at Bonds character.  LaShawna Lynch was fine. The hate for this movie for her being 007 and ppl just assuming that this is more of her movie than James bonds or she's taking power away from Bond and she's taking over, screw feminism, PC agenda pushing bitches, etc etc... I never subscribed to any of that nonsense. It's almost like people are trained and groomed these days to react like that without ever giving anything a chance....hey wait a minute🤔. I like her as an actress, was looking forward to see her performance. Problem is I never understood her character's initial hostility with Bond, I was like why is she going undercover and manipulating him into bringing her back to his place just to stick it to him and show him up. Could of had the same conversation in a different way maybe in a conventional way, idk doesn't matter. I have a feeling that her character doesn't like Bond for his history of misogyny and filandering, but nothing about him as an agent. So the writers prolly decided they should have her characters main reason for not liking bond to actually be a general critique of men in society??? not cuz she has a grudge against him, or he always sucked at his job, or from some personal altercation with him. That's the type of shoehorning of PC agendas that sane ppl of the audience are talking about. Give her a real reason not to like Bond and you can still have her give him shit about his relationship with women. Also you'd think they would have just started out as platonic competition instead of trying to one up and literary sabotage each other's missions when they both have literally the same goal, especially when the stakes are potentially so high. You think maybe she would look up to bond a little, wouldn't the new agents and recruits look up to bond? Wouldn't they all want to secretly be like him, not as a person, but as an agent? Since when is going by the book and putting down your legendary predecessors an interesting character trait. Aren't you supposed to like her by the end of the movie? They didn't give any real scene or event that gets them to respect each other to follow through on squashing the animosity, so what was the whole point? At least Naomi Harris's character didn't have all this nonsense. No newcomer is just going to give a middle finger to the previous guy when he's freaking James Bond, he should be a legend amongst new agents. This whole thing of Bond being out of his time and too old was addressed in Skyfall and spectre so that stuff felt tired. I have no problem with the ideals that were being pushed to be PC and give Bond some me too'ing, but the execution is too forced. At least itsl not as bad as Disney's Star wars tho. There is a way to do this people, organically, where it doesn't feel like a soapbox.  Side note, felt the action was a bit underwhelming in this movie. It peaked with the scene in the first half with that goon shooting away at Madeline's window in the car and James just letting it happen while he deliberates wether to trust her or not. Great Bond moment and was narratively creative. This whole scene is totally Bond and badass. You believe Bond would be an asshole and do something like that. For the most part though this series has lost its edge especially in the action scenes, starting with some parts of Skyfall and heavily with spectre. They just came across as made to look pretty and expensive and putting more effort into the camera work trying to get everything in one one shots rather than making the action actually exciting. You guys remember the parkour scene leading to the shootout at the embassy in Casino Royale?! Those action scenes have so much edge to them, you feel the danger bond is in. Editing is one of the most important components to action scenes and these just feel like constantly unnecessary long takes. Now we even have parts  where he is just walking right out in the open, firing his gun vaguely in bad guys direction, on a set that probably costed 1/4 of the movies budget. Even holding his gun from the hip at times and still casually just hitting his mark every time. All the while with the bond theme blaring in the background. Did the same thing in spectre at the desert scene. Just seemed like a total waste and honestly a bit lazy. The SUV Chase was ok I guess but it has Bond literally nudging his car into the bad guys cars just once and they go flying in to some convenient obstacle or hit a ramp that launches them into a flip. A lot of the action is like this and it comes off as just lazy even though they spend hundreds of millions of dollars making these movies.  All that being said I didn't hate the movie, if you watch it just as a spy drama it's not that bad. I didn't get bored really that much even tho it's almost 3 hrs. So take that for what it's worth. There's annoying bits of comedy and one liners that come off as awkward rather than funny. Always thought that kind of stuff didnt fit for Craig's films. Rami Malek was good, but underrutilized. His characters ultimate goal was not really clearly defined, at least to me, but I think he served his purpose in the movie. Nothing more nothing less. For me I didn't mind bond dieing, and the film for the most part earned it, was done decently enough.  It's certainly better than quantum of solace and spectre. A serviceable end to Daniel Craig's era. Although, I have noticed things about these last 3 films and they make me feel that ever since The Dark Knight came out, the people behind these films have been trying to copy Chris Nolan's aesthetics, that should stop. But that's a whole nother conversation.  Thanks for reading.
I like your videos but somehow here  I didn't get a review, just ranting about the pandemic and how this is a farewell to Daniel Craig.
i almost thought that u were gonna cry on craig's final outing as bond
Not because the writer is a woman; people were mad that a glass of wine might get replaced with a bottle of soft drink, just to describe what had been happening in parts of Hollywood regarding existing IPs.  Also, doesn't a woman take over the 007 mantle after Bond dies in "No Time to Die," so I heard? Similar to what might happen to Indiana Jones 5.
Big fan of your reviews. Just wish you go back to review movies you also don't like.
He's become a little too lovey on the artistic side of movies. It's grown men and women playing dress up
Pure hypocrite right here
Good to see Chris do another review.
I wish this movie had No Time To Suck instead of letting itself be bent and contorted to die like this throughout it's run time...
Holy shit it took 4 minutes for him to stop rambling about covid. It's been nearly 2years. We all know covid is a thing.  Fuck
007 is NOT just a number lol I'm surprised you claim to be a big Bond fan and don't care about that.  Also it was talked that she would carry on the franchise. I don't find you sincere in your reviews anymore. Shame.
They did not have to kill him. Enjoyed the movie, but left the theater confused.
Dope shirt Chris.
Billie Eilish‘s theme song is the worst Bond song ever she just talks talks to music
Worst Daniel Craig bond film
WATCH TITANE!
I was a little concerned about this one but will definitely check it out now. Thanks Chris
Good movie but a bit to long. Almost 3 hours. 😓
You gonna play Metroid Dread Chris? :)
I had tickets to see it tonight, but had to cancel because I now have to isolate due to exposure. Hopefully I am clear to see Dune though, and will have to catch this another time.
Right, straight away your going into plot of film. I don't really want to know the plot before watching this.
Of course not to spoil any details... But my inkling as well as my dream is for them to reboot the franchise in period Cold War setting. With Smersh back as the antagonists. Or even to remake some of the books, or do as Master and Commander did, and kind of smudge elements of books together.
Seeing it tomorrow. I really liked casino, quantum and skyfall, but spectre was by far the worst of them. If this isnt as good as the other 3 but better than spectre thatll be enough for me. Quantum gets a lot of crap for some reason but i really loved it.  For me the villains are the weakest part of these movies. I loved le chiffre but dominic green and silva didnt do much for me. And dont even get me started on blofeld. Absolute garbage, although i do love the actor. Just poorly written villain.
Couldn't agree more, I'm Scottish and even I feel Daniel Craig is a far better bond than Sean Connery or any other.
No offence, I usually agree with you and follow your channel, but I think the fact that you watched movies in cinema now, after a long time, skewed your judgment... jb deserved to retire and set off to the sunset with his family... he deserved it after all these years! and also jb must be a good feel movie with a hero that is beyond normal abilities... been watching bond since most of you have been alive, and this movie left me with a sour taste in my mouth... also the reasons and motivations of the villain not very clear... he could have been amazing but came through so limp... too many cooks (writers ) spoiled the broth :(
While I can't comment on the movie itself, the reason a lot of people were upset was because the trailers make the movie out to be an anti-male, Bond is wrong/useless, anything female is inherently superior preachy joyless movie. At this stage it almost doesn't matter how good the actual movie is, the lead up killed a lot of the potential joy due to fears of excessive wokeness. It's been a trend in movies around this time, things like the Charlie's Angels reboot and similarly themed movies/characters just has people fed up with it. Seems like the promotion for this flick may have done it a disservice. For myself, I like anything if it's good, but if it's not I don't care what your 'message' is, it's still a crap movie. Make it good and that's all that matters.
Honestly, I feel like the weakest elements of the Craig Bond movies have to do with the interconnected narratives between each movie.  Looking at the end product now, I would have preferred singular, one-off movies over the overarching plotlines we got.
Talented - in your opinion. The title music was shite I’m afraid.
Rami malek character was not even interesting and intimidating . The only villain which entertained me was the guy with the fake eyes and blofeld
I thought people were more upset about his blonde hair...lol
Metroid Dread tomorrow let's f'ckn gooo
metroid shirt is awesome 👌👏😎💪🏾👍🏽💯
What a half-assed review.
Lashana Lynch was great... great acting, great character. Very well written.
But who’s watching this before they see the movie? Aren’t you spoiling it for yourself? Just here to comment this will watch after
Hello guys and galls, rating guy here. This movie scores a A- on the Stuckman score. (Ish) and a worth buying on blueRay on the Jeremy scale Much love
This movie was full of intersectionality and woke ideology! I loved it! A white man finally dead! yeY! A misogonist and rapist!
Get well soon 🤞🙏
Im all for female led movies but switching character's gender ir race shouldn't be the solution. How about we make new fun characters instead of trying to remix and recycle old ones. Instead of making Superman black make a character that rivals him but also happens to be black
Good ranking. No way Daniel is better than Connery though.
Not because she is a woman. No, that is wrong. What many generally stay clear of, is third wave feminism. I tend to hold off just watching movies today, because I do not want to support films where only white males are the bad guys, or idiots and such. Where women always do right and are perfect at everything. So then I wait for a few reviews, from youtubers I trust. This film is mixed, perhaps I will see it :-) Never been a Bond fan though.
Why can’t Americans say Craig. It’s not spelt cregg. Get it right especially when talking about a British actor
Just got to say, I LOVE the Metroid Dread shirt! I can't WAIT for the game tomorrow, woo!!
I feel like I'm lucky I didn't get spoiled in this review.  Everytime he mentioned online drama, or what he perceived "everyone" already knew about, I skipped a minute ahead. Pretty poorly constructed review here.
I thought this was Daniel Craigs best bond film. It felt serious but not too serious to me. Something may feel a little shoehorned in or glossed over but all in all, this movie was awesome.
So wonderful to see you do a movie review like you used to. Very welcome.
Does this mean Craig is now free to just churn out Knive's Out sequels?
That thumbnail had me worried.
Please review dune
Nice Metroid Dread shirt, nearly forgot the game's out tomorrow
Honestly the movie was shit. Some good action scenes and set pieces (all spoiled by the trailer), but pointless by the numbers paper-thin plot, weak characters and yes, woke bs that seems like it was toned down after initial backlash. I understand you not wanting to knock other films out of respect for your fellow filmmakers, but I think you're being too kind or are emotionally biased with this one.
Craig sucks as Bond...Dam people you all act like Bond has only existed since 2000 no he's been around since the 60's and these Craig movies are the worst of the bunch .....Craig has no whit about him what so ever and walks around like he has a corncob stuck up his a** Connery and Moore are the Gold standard for bond which makes Craig a wooden nickel
That Metroid Dread shirt tho
Chris looks so bloated or is it just me?
This reminds me of the Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull movie. First they say it's great! butt after five years it is the biggest shit movie of the series. I want the old Bond back. Drinking,, smoking, having sex with many girls... i don't want him to be a SIMP CUCK.
good review as usual....For me Sean Connery and Daniel Craig are the best Bonds
You're right. The big screen experience is sacred. Watching it with a full audience added so much, and made it such a memorable event. Thank the maker they insisted on theatrical release
"just watch the movie" lol no
No more reviews ??
Please review A View to a Kill 🙏😂
Dam Chris where do you get those dope shirts
Billie Eilish gets shit because she mumbles her way through crap songs. We give her shit because she's NOT talented, Chris, not because she is.
The best Bond of all time? Difficult to say. All Bond movies are product of their time and most of them had no continuity. So maybe, "best scripts" instead? Don't get me wrong. I like Daniel Craig's Bond, maybe because he was not a clown. That's why I also loved Sean Connery and Timothy Dalton. I think Pierce Brosnan had the worst scripts.
The thumbnail deceived me. I had different expectations of this review based on the thumbnail. Well played, Mr. Stuckman (strokes cat). Well played.
Why in every single movie in the Craig franchise is him out of the game either retired or fired and then he has to come back. Man it’s recycled that’s my one big problem with these. Still going to see it.
Who's Daniel Creg? 🤣🤣🤣
Bring back the grades... please.
I am SO looking forward to your Dune review... i'm in germany and have seen it a while ago, in english. Confusing why it's released so much later in the US. :( Thank you and please stay the way you are!
Hell yea you're back with the new reviews.
Even though I found this movie mediocre, I was still pleasantly surprised it wasn’t the woke SJW propaganda the Internet was despising it to be.
Nice Metroid Dread shirt Chris!
Dread.
I had no idea that there was"controversy" for this movie
Yes we do check your haloween videos !! for sure :)
i went to the midnight screening here in the UK, gonna do the same when Dune releases
The villain sucked
I miss the old intro!!!
Does dalton count? Haven’t seen this yet but license to kill is a top tier bond flick to end with.
With that Metroid shirt Chris are you excited for Metroid Dread?
Did he not rate the movie?
Yeah, but this film is pushing Dune out of the big theatres in Europe. Which sucks, because Dune is a much greater film.
It's a big screen movie. The same scene from trailer were 1000 time spectacular to watch in theater. Wish I had seen this movie in iMax
Do a Metroid dread review when you get it
Ah...  Now that they let Chris into the club, he's now woke (as evident by the Phoebe statement he made).  F
Ah. ...James bond is a white English dude and will always be. Lol.
That Metroid Dread T is 🔥
i love it no shit
Glad to know I'm not the only one who saw this film with a cold
Man always has the most elite reviews
I dont give billie shit, but the song is exactly the same melody as Sam Smith's song but slowed down
"people are gonna go in with alot of expectations"  Pr they are not gonna go in at all becuse they refuse to give money to this shitty marketing. Like me!
I'm seeing this movie in the IMAX tomorrow afternoon. First time going to the theatre since February 2020. I am beyond excited.
Love your reviews for five years already, very respectful and thoughtful
4:13 "People are F..."  People are fucking crazy. Say it.
"People are weird, man." -chris 2021
The reason people do not like her as a writer is because she has a tendency to fuck up what ever legacy project she writes for, as well as turn legacy characters into pethitic version of them self
great review. personally i would put quantum above spectre
Can we get a spoiler review? There’s a lot to talk about with this one.
I second with Stuckmann's ranking of 5 bond movies.
Anyone else notice the long one-take in the "staircase" sequence near the end?
That Is a sick t shirt Chris
Does he not do the ratings anymore? scrolled through real quick and didn't see it
Hope you review Metroid dread.
Why are posters nowadays of actors showing their backs and looking over their shoulders?
I thought Sean Connery's final Bond movie, The Rock, was excellent👍
Loved the movie but thought the villain character was a little weak in his writing/motivation
You are extremely good at spoting when somebody has a political agenda and you did not find it in this movie? You find it completely random that the two "good" characters that are killed off are middle aged males, and one was race swapped just recently. Q is now gay. And eight year old girls can shoot pistols like a pro. And ofc the evil guy wanted to eradicate all black people...  Don't get me wrong, this is i many aspects a good movie. And I can say a lot of positive about it. But not to call it WOKE AS FUCK is a lie...
The villain was terrible- I left the movie 🍿 singing queen songs
Best bond of time? lol...clearly you know nothing....he doesn't look like bond...more like a thug from Snatch....casino royale so overated...it is average at best, the last 30mins are good...Craigs best bond films are Skyfall, and then Spectre and then the rest....LeChiffre weak villain, Greene is more menacing...DC's movies are a Bourne rip off and even Mission Impossible took that forumla and better it...Bring on Henry Cavill, time for a real Bond.
B+ rating or A- Glad to see Chris pointing out how stupid the people that get up in arms over women being involved with popular franchises are
This feels like a cop out from Chris. Followed you for years, but you failed to analyze the criticism and just passively aggressively bashed those who didn't agree with you. I am disappointed.
Lynch was only in the film to tick a box. I've never seen such a vacuous, pointless character.
The ending was my biggest problem. It is a well directed movie, good action, beautiful sequences and the writing is not bad, but I really hate some big decisions.   The idea of connecting the Daniel Craig movies may be interesting on paper but they didn't make a good job. Bond was either starting his 00 career in Casino Royale (and Quantum, its a sequel), but in Skyfall he is already old and washed up. He is like a Bond that is not quite Bond yet, or is already tired of being Bond.   I left the cinema really frustrated and kinda with an empty feeling. Currently it is rare that I see a movie from an old franchise that makes me happy. Only exceptions would be Mad Max Fury Road and Blade Runner 2049
Nice shirt!
One of my favorite action movies was directed by a woman this was the original Point Break done by Kathyrrn Bigelow, she brought on a certain sexiness and believable action. I don't care who makes it just make it good.
That Metroid dread shirt is 🔥🔥🔥
Can’t wait to see it!
What's the score??
This movie was TRASH
So Chris…..when are you going to do that “Metroid Dread” review?
VHS 94 review ?? I’m
I liked the previous intro music much more
Dude, love your reviews. I feel like we have similar opinions and it's why I keep coming back. Keep up the amazing work. Also, glad you liked this one. I can't wait to see it. It's going to be my first movie in theaters in 2 years!
I see Chris is a fan of Metroid. Great taste in games, Chris. :)
No Time to Die had No Time to come out that’s why it took so long !
👍👍👍👍👍
You… you need to see squid game.
License to Kill is in my top 3 Bond films.
No venom review?
REVIEW CANDYMAN GODDAMMIT
Tired of liberal Hollywood, hope it all crashes down
That oner up the stairs was great
When you learn to tell the movie quality based on Stuckman's expression in the tumbnail😂
I kinda wanna see Chris do a Squid Game review lol
I was waiting for this review, and I'm really glad you liked it as much as I did. A very solid end to this bond. I'm gonna miss Daniel Craig in the role.
People involved with  NTTD were purposely selling it as something more "woke",  which did agitate a lot of people who have grown weary of that stuff.   I'm seeing a lot of these critics are learning how misleading that early marketing was and enjoyed the film.
I never noticed that Metroid ripped off Megadeth's logo. Or is that some kind of mashup that went over my head?
No it's not because phoebe waller bridge is a woman. it's because she's an unlikeable person and a bad wtiter in my opinion, which is why i was concerned about her coming in to 'polish up the script', however i still liked the movie over all. what a dumb thing to say chris
When did Chris stop to give ratings?
I have no problem with female 007. But shoving feminist agenda down our throats is ridiculous. Atomic Blonde was a good movie. That's how you can make a female 007 film.
My initial intention was to skip this one, but now I’ve had a change of heart thanks to you and Jeremy Jahns. The fact that you both liked it speaks volumes to me. The only thing I will say is that my (and many others) concern wasn’t so much a female writer, it was that Hollywood was going to destroy yet another beloved franchise. When you see Poe Dameron get emasculated by a purple-haired admiral, or a terminator who installs drapes, or a Masters of the Universe that barely features He-Man (to name a few), the idea of a female 007 sounds eerily familiar. That being said, thank you for this review. I’ll definitely check it out!
Nice Metroid shirt. I guess you'll be playing Dred.
People were not upset by Pheobie Waller Bridge been brought on as a writer because she's a woman! It's statements like this that create a narrative for studios and a clueless audience to blame concerned fans for a film not doing well when it's the studios fault all along. Fans were lead to believe that Bond was going to be put in his place as a misogynistic, toxic, white male and be made a show of by a feminist from all the promotion and behind the scenes leaks. And they had every right to be concerned too, with all the agenda pushing WOKE bullshit that's ruined so many beloved characters today.
Can you please review Loki. Thank you
I've got a cold too :/  It sucks
Malik’s character could have been great. Poorly written character and convoluted story overall.
I'm a simple man. I see Ana De Armas is in a film, I go see it.
I knew Ana would steal the movie, she's just THAT charismatic. Shame she's not more in it.
Loved the metroid shirt, perfect fit to wait for Dread coming out tomorrow!
Why do they attach these movies with older moves that came out years and years ago? We don’t remember. We don’t care. I didn’t like this Bond film at all. I didn’t like any Bond movie since Casino Royale.
Why didn’t he rate the film?🤔
Saw the movie last week thought it was awesome! Love how they developed his character over all the movies and showed different sides to bond! It’s not all woke either don’t believe the bs! Has stronger written females that aren’t just sex objects god forbid
And please Chris and all Americans, please stop calling him Daniel Cregg. His name is pronounced Daniel Crayg.
The issue wasn’t over him having blue eyes, Brosnan, Moore, Niven, Nelson and Dalton all had blue/green eyes, with only Lazenby and Connery having brown eyes.  The issue was him being blond.
I rank the same as you, swapping this into 2nd ahead of skyfall however. This had some brilliant sequences and a really satisfying ending, it was handled well as his final film. I do prefer when bonds were stand alone films, despite how good Craig's series has been.
"Your mission Ms. Bond, should you choose to accept..." "I <CLAP> AM <CLAP> ON <CLAP> ON <CLAP>  MY <CLAP>  BREAK <CLAP> !!!
Chris mentioning Wife. Chris also blushing over Daniel Craig’s blue eyes. 👀 I love living in 2021.
This is definitely Craig's 3rd best Bond film. Loved it !
I got told at University to analyse and critically think about movies when watching. My counter point was, going to the movies isn't cheap for me and I'm there for the moment to enjoy my dollars spent for entertainment.
The first 20 minutes where James and Madelyn are in Italy is honestly the best opening act if any bond movie ever. You could feel the heartbreak when he puts her on the train
My favourite of Craig's is Skyfall
As a hardcore Bond fan, this movie is a abomination what they  do to the character of James Bond in No Time to Die is totally unforgivable! Yet another iconic male character destroyed by modern Hollywood.
Nice shirt Chris ! Tomorrow 😀
1. Casino Royale 2. No Time to Die 3. Skyfall 4. Quantum of Solace 5. Spectre
Wait, till you see Dune in a movie theatre... breathtaking
I liked Billie Eilishe's song too. I think it fit perfectly. Ana De Armas was superb. I enjoyed her character, it was really good! Being in the cinema was like yeah ... honey I'm home!
Huh. Never really liked Craig as Bond. He just never really felt like Bond to me. Maybe it was just the whole modern action formula that throws me, I don’t know.
Have not seen this yet but I do not like the look on Chris’s face. Looks like it’s a disappointment.
"All these bulshit things people are always concerned about don't fucking matter.  Just watch the movie"  THANK YOU CHRIS! THANK YOU!!!! Throughout youtube I'm been seeing these annoying comments on the movie that it is gonna be woke or what-not!  Just freaking watch the movie! THANK YOU FOR SAYING THAT CHRIS STUCKMAN!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!
Please do a review of Squid Game. I think you'll really appreciate it :)
the plot is what the elites are doing to everyone rn wakeup sheeple
Really liked the movie, incredible action, amazing performances and really bold decisions. However, the villain was so underwhelming, he's barely in the movie, his ultimate motivations are completely unclear, and his master plan and his whole organization were barely touched on. Rami Malek did what he could, but it's just not enough, easily the worst villain of the whole Daniel Craig saga. I'd say this movie is on par with Spectre as very good, but not fantastic like Casino or Skyfall.
SPOILERS: a fair review overall but let’s not forget that for the first time in 60 years the writers felt Bond had to die. Think about that. Ultimately Waller-Bridge et al could not miss their chance to exert the ultimate control over this traditional masculine icon, he had to be punished for what he is. In the end, Waller-Bridge hates Bond and what he stands for so he had to be sacrificed, literally blowing up him and 60 years of tradition, with 100 missiles like a Looney Toons sketch.
Hope you recover from covid fast .
People weren't annoyed about phoebe wallace writing for the film because she's a woman, it's because she's a feminist and people were concerned that it would be preachy.
Bond had a Swiss mother and a Scottish father: of _COURSE_ he has blue eyes! 🙄
People have a right to be pissed.  Pheobe Waller-Bridge is a crazy feminist and we did not want a woke 007.  Why do you think the narrative decisions were made in this film to end it the way they did, which is unprecedented in the history of the series? Are you insane?
I loved the first hour. I The last act was very weak unfortunately. The whole island part reminded me of The Incredibles. They even got there by a plane turned submarine? Anyway, I still enjoyed it, there are a lot of good moments. Loved Ana de Armas scene!
Chris thumbnails are hard to read sometimes.
It's about time...you reviewed this one.
So much of this video was not a review.
Connery and Dalton are the best Bonds.
No one was upset about his blue eyes....the Bond of the books has blue eyes.  They were upset because all other attributes about him do not match the literary character at all.  This film is an abomination and a slap to the face of everyone who loves the franchise.
Cool Shirt!
I saw this movie last weekend and it was awesome. It’s quite lengthy and yet you don’t get tired watching it. There are also so many goofy scenes and comic one liners, felt like this is the closest we will ever get to “what if marvel made James Bond” . Overall pretty entertaining 👍
His face in the thumbnail had me so worried lol
Chris I just watched Pandorum for the first time. This movie is an unknown treasure. Ben Foster & Dennis Quaid star, excellent sci-fi Horror.
Why didn't you grade the film like you do in most reviews?
No ony is complaining that this movie was written by a woman.
Please do a review of don't breathe 2 💯
It's not about 007, but about Bond, James Bond.
Misleading thumbnail. You got me worried Chris lol
2 things bother me in the story,  (SPOILER, please stop if you haven't watch the movie） 。。。 。。。 。。。 。。。 。。。 。。。  。。。 。。。 。。。 。。。 。。。 1/ In the Island Lyutsifer was going to leave with Madeleine's daughter, then she bite him and he let her go... I didn't understand why he picked her with him in the first place (as an hostage?) and I didn't understand why he let her go so easily,   2/ At one point Q who was monitoring the whole operation  say 2 boats are leaving the island ( I guess Lyutsifer  was on one of them?), somehow later he came back to kill Bond, what made him come back?  I watched the movie only once and English is only my third language so please do forgive me if I miss anything.   Anyway movie is first about emotion and I love NTTD for that.
wow what a heartwarming review. Its rare to see a sincere review about something you just liked so more power to you! I am simply excited for the director coz he was the lad that filmed True Detective season 1... Enough said.
Since 2018. I don't wanna go back to theater
Man, I want your Metroid Dread shirt. Thanks for the review and the slight promoting of Dread,  Here’s wishing it sells well so we can get more installments.
Saw the movie. It’s just basic. Doesn’t feel like Bond. Cardboard villain. First 45 minutes real good. Rest of the movie boring. You gotta be objective
Even more excited to see it after this review! Thanks, Chris!
Does Chris still grade movies or did he get rid of that?
I was fearful that this was going to be "Woke" (garbage) and the initial trailers suggested this. Fortunately not. I actually enjoyed the banter between the new and old 007s.
Me: why is there so many dislikes? Chris: this movie isn’t the woke garbage you were sold by angry incel youtubers.  Looks like he touched a nerve.
This movie… I don’t really know where to begin.  It’s not bad but then again it’s not very good either! It has bits n peaces that are good and also very beautiful but as some one said: that it is a feast for the eyes!!??  As mentioned this movie is somewhat of an follow up to the earlier 4 films and for this to be the “ last chapter” I think that they could have done a better job.  It took me some time to figure out what the villain was after and also who it is!  And then the action: fighting scenes and car-chases were on point and very exiting but shooting semi automatic to fully automatic guns from the hips without looking… action is al about the details and this movie lacked all of it! I will miss Daniel as James Bond and yes; Casino Royal is the Best Bond movie ever and one of the best action movies ever. 😎
Will you be reviewing Lamb?
I like the old intro better
This movie trash chris
The movie was boring. The villain was not scary.
Principles matter... Take the pric away.. and youve got niples. Yeh.. not particularly correct spelling .... but... a spelling mistake is 90210
I hope as the franchise moves forward they stop having villains who are disfigured!
I thought the movie was just really boring. No joy and no imagination
imagine going to the theatre again lol  tbf I never enjoyed watching movies in theatres, people are too loud
Imma be honest, most James Bond movies I don't like, and usually found them kinda bland. How do you make government intrigue so bland? Especially the villains,  I wasn't intimidated by any modern villain they have had.  Edit: License to Kill is the only Bond film I remember ever enjoying. Like you said it's really good.
You know what's nasty and disgusting?   Those tattoos.
I don't get why Rami's charter all of a sudden let go of the child and also don't get why he want to all that effort to take the blonde lady's character to the island, didn't make much sense. He saved her life from the lake and that's it, no other history they had together.
I’m just not a fan of how she sings. It’s too quiet. I understand that some people like that. It’s just not my cup of tea and I personally don’t think it matches Bond. I love your reviews! Please keep doing them! You can still appreciate peoples films while criticizing them
We definitely saw two different movies.
Hey Chris even tho its not a movie review. Now that all of its dlc is complete. Will u review Smash Ultimate at any point like u did with the Wii U Game?
EXACTLY my thoughts, same feeling. Bittersweet, affected me somehow, and best last Bond film by a James Bond actor. This movie is an excellent conclusion to the James Bond saga, and Daniel Craig's 007 career. Unlike those who hated how this movie ended, I actually feel that it was a good way to.... *SPOILER ALERT FROM THIS POINT*  ..end the story (and life) of Bond. Human beings DON'T live forever folks. Even Superman died! And he's not even human. And to those who hate the idea of a female and/or black 007, wake up folks, in this modern age and time, having a female spy or action her, regardless of skin color, is NOT surprising anymore! Even Marvel gave the world a female Captain Marvel! And in real life, NOT every CIA or FBI agent out there is male and white. Personally, when I heard that Daniel Craig was making his last 007 movie, I actually started thinking that it would be a good idea if we see a black or a female lead in the next James Bond movie. I guess a lot of the haters just cannot accept (for now) that 007 is black AND FEMALE.
it was a great movie until the end, the ending did not work for me and most of the people in my theatre. some of it is to blame spectre.
Some people feel Billie Eilish's talent is overhyped and that she may have a good voice buried beneath that whisper fry she affects on almost every single of her songs.  I'm in that category plus that 'edgy', bleed-from-every-orifice Emo act is long past its 'sell by' date.  I'll see the movie as I love Craig's Bond but part of me hoped him leaving happy in Spectre should have been his final Bond film.  I hope once watching this movie I'll feel differently.  I just have to get past the opening credits and the whispering Emo kid first.
I’ll see it because I love Ana de Armas. For many reasons.
I really loved this movie and I'm so happy for Daniel Craig. He got to end his tenure as James Bond the way he deserved it, and it makes me so happy.
i'll support this film, but i want my first film back in theaters to be Dune.
weak story
I was annoyed that Pheobe WB was brougt on board, so I can tell you. She is a feminist, who has been brought into projects to make them progressive. The robot revolt in Solo was reported to be her idea. It's the worst aspect of a 'meh' film. It's been reported that she has made Indiana Jones a female (in that he is replaced by one), etc. In a field of ramming progressiveness down our throats, she is a key player. In this ovie you can hear her voice - there are clearly two writer currents, different voices like in the Justice League.
This film takes itself so seriously yet has some of the most laughable sci-fi nonsense I’ve ever seen. It’s a complete mess. Please get rid of Purvis and Wade
I had no idea about any of the controversy you spoke about here and I put that all on not using social media, honestly its the best decision I've ever made. Cant wait to see the movie, the review waa great
Chris review Squid Game
Is Chris not grading the movies he's reviewing anymore?
I think the writers and director missed the mark big time with the villain, great acting and casting - BUT they went down the route of writing a villain that is supposed to be ambiguous and unreadable. What they created was a blank villain with nothing to latch onto, even his endgame didn't make sense because we knew nothing about him.
Either Chris is being intentionally dense about the controversy surrounding Bille and Phoebe and the female 007 or he’s just sadly in his own Political bubble. I think understanding other peoples points of view is important to having constructive conversations.   I like Chris and I’m happy he liked this movie.  Casino was also my first in-theaters Bond film and I’m glad this movie seems to deliver a similar quality story.   Thanks for the review Chris, I’ll probably check it out.
I kinda wish Chris would rate movies again, not sure why. Anyway I’m a huge movie fan and have been going to the movies almost every weekend since 1991. What’s  odd is I have had the opposite effect, after over a year without going I sit in the theater and I’m uncomfortable and I think damn I wish I was home watching this. Been going since May of this year  and mostly feel that way. I hope the feeling goes away because I always loved the theatrical experience. 😕
I thought you weren’t reviewing movies anymore ?
Saying Billie Eilish is talented is like saying shit tastes good.
Ana De Armas is the most underrated actor of her generation. I said it.
People were upset because James Bond does not need identity politics or sjw bullshit. Phoebe Waller-Bridge represents those things. She is what's wrong with Hollywood today.
I like the tee shirt in honour of metroid dread.
Missed you man!
He didn't even grade the movie
Doc Brown from BTTF2 "We're Back!"
I had tickets to this film back in March of 2020.  I didn’t go in with any preconceived ending in mind, because that honestly will cloud your enjoyment of a film from my experience.   With that said, I didn’t dig it as much as many have and will.  I’ve seen every film in the franchise multiple times and the script just didn’t work for me as a Bond film.  The action is the best in the business and, as always, you see the money on the screen.  Some characters were done dirty in my opinion and other events just didn’t make sense.  It felt like it was written with one very specific task in mind.  With that said, I’m an almost life long Bond fan and, as is always said, James Bond will return so it’s hard to be bitter about any film we get because another take is always on the way.  I’m glad people are enjoying the film regardless of my own feelings.   Still great fun though.
Part of me misses the theater, but on the other hand I would have been more than happy to see everything just go to streaming and let a couple theaters exist as a niche market.  (But I understand why it isn't or maybe can't work out that way.)
LOL ''Blonde Bond'' I always thought that was funny as a complaint about Craig as Bond :P
You lookin hella pale brotha!  Get some rest .  Get well soon
This was a great way to end Daniel Craig's run.
Crazy to remember the shock amongst people back then when news came out that the new bond was blonde lol.
Using the same logic as Last Jedi defenders to defend this flick: cringe.
I was about to ask where the Dune review is but then I remembered its not out in the US yet for some reason
The opening sequence of this movie was  maybe my favorite from Bond ever. When he just sits still in the car while the thugs are just blasting his car and then he brings out the front-light machine-guns was so f***ing cool!
Chris, tell that to Zod's snapped neck.
Seeing the “movie review” again hits different.
I cried like a baby
The hype is real, I repeat the HYPE IS REAL 🔥
Blame the people's outrage on this movie's PR & MARKETING team. They damaged the movie for the sake of likes and views. The movie doesn't do half the atrocities the directors & writers talked about in various interviews.
concerning your point at ~ 7:00  i would disagree with you in the last act when our new 007 kills the scientist who invented the virus, it felt very forced to me when the scientist made comments about erasing 007's entire race with the virus
Damn Cris, you really believe people took issue with the writer because she’s a woman… ? And not because of the comments she’s made about past Bond  films.. or wanting to talk about tampons in the script? Jesus dude now you sound like Fukien Grace
Hope it is still on theatre by the time I get my second dose...
Bond dies, What sense does that make. This is the biggest disappointing bond movie to me. I’m glad Craig is done.
I’m so glad to see you happy about films again. I hope more audiences support films that are being made with skill, and a vision by a director who worked hard on it. I look forward to seeing more Halloween specials.
Eilish is NOT talented. LMAO 🤣😭
What a Bond, what personality, gritty, no nonsense films, redefined the franchise....
Chris PLEASE review Venom: Let There Be Carnage 😬👏
A24’s Lamb looks right up your alley
I just saw the film last night and honestly, it wasn't what I wanted but I was still very happy with it. I did feel like the first two halves of the movie were compartmentalized, but it was able to wrap up this arch very well.
Great movie.
I wonder how is his movie (Chris Stuckmann's) coming along? Are they in filming? are they in post? Has he had issues working with actors? how about producers? the industry is famous for trying to destroy your soul every chance it gets, so, how is Chris doing enduring this experience? Since its a horror movie, is he following Mike Flannagan's steps in world creation and horror building?  I'd very much like for him to make a pause and create a video telling us about his actual experience during this film creation
If you haven't yet seen this movie and are looking through the comments to see other peoples perspectives, DON'T!! The amount of SPOILERS without any warning is down right disrespectful. I think a lot of people have forgotten about film etiquette. Maybe too many youngsters in the comments.
That is also my exact ranking of the Craig Bond films :)) Great review, man👍
Phoebe Waller Bridge's previous work is why people were upset. not because she was a women Chris.....
I'am so excited 2 see this.
no dune yet?
Jesus your so dismissive of peoples concerns, what happened Chris?  People were concerned over phoebe waller bridge because her style of writing is not something that really works in bond. Plus she’s well known for inserting her politics into her work, something we don’t want in a bond film
I'm excited for this film, always love me a good Bond flick but can we take a second to talk about that shirt though!? That shirt is amazing!
Wow. You mentioned ALL the previous Bond final movies EXCEPT Die Another Day. That really says a lot about how crappy that movie is !
chris could you plz review squid game?
the movie built it's own outrage, silly chris.
Ayyye! Nice shirt man! METROID DREAD HYPE!!
I can't wait to see this on Saturday. The Harkins chain in Arizona at their Cine 1 XL PLF theater with Dolby Atmos sound and an 80 ft wide screen
If anyone's hating on Billie ellish it's cause she whispers through every song and doesn't really sing
Chris face in the  thumbnail says it all
The amount of people I've seen on other YouTube comment sections bitching about the Bond character being "replaced" by a black woman is infuriating. At least watch the film first so you know how wrong you are and how stupid you sound.
I miss the old intro music
I agree. Daniel Craig is the best Bond of all time. For me it used to be Sean Connery but that changed when Daniel Craig took over. I hope the next 007 isn't female. Just because it's always interesting to see a new face as James Bond.
Aye Chris could u do a video of ur movie collection?
F billie eilish
I own Casino Royal and Skyfall , haven’t seen quantum of solace or spectre because of the bad reviews , sounds like no time to die is solid
The USA had Venom: Let There Be Carnage first. The UK had No Time To Die first. Now for a swap. Daniel Craig and Tom Hardy are two British legends!
A reboot without James Bond? That's a loser.
It's interesting hearing Chris' side of the theater experience being quite the opposite of my own. The pandemic made me entirely rethink what the appeal ever was in going to the theater, I've pretty much entirely lost interest in it. Watching something at home is significantly more comfortable and if all the theater is offering is a big screen with loud sounds, I'm already getting the same vibe from home.
Dad?
I will watch the movie since I've been a Bond fan since I was in middle school. I saves up to buy all the DVDs when I was growing up in those expensive collections, but I do stand by the fact the marketing for the film was horrendous. Reviews have shown that the marketing was MOSTLY for brownie points, but it's sad that studios feel they need to market to those that likely won't even pay to watch it.   People are not upset about there being a female as a spy and to an extent, not even the fact that Lynch is the new 007. It's that for decades, James Bond = 007. That is just how the series is, and for such a long time too, you can NOT expect people to openly accept the prospect of changing Bond and the meaning of the 007 title.  We've gotten great female action/spy films like Atomic Blonde and (arguably for some) Red Sparrow. Utilize them! I'd easily pay for more of Atomic Blonde, especially.   Either way, Craig was a decent Bond. Not my fav, but definitely serviceable and the most physical lol.
Bro didn't you say you stopped reviewing films because of creator integrity or something???
The only bad part of the movie was that we needed more Ana de Armas. It felt like a cameo and Jeffrey Wright shouldn’t have interfered and just have played his role as the watcher. R.I.P Daniel Bond and now you’re watch has ended.
He eats a bomb to the face, it does nothing to him but make his ears ring, idk I have a hard time watching stuff like that
Don't know how anyone can find Craig "their favourite Bond". Good actor, horribly boring and unemotional.  Nobody touches Timothy Dalton.
I find outrage over movies hilarious anyways  . You will like something or you won’t , sometimes it will be something in between . If you hated  what  you saw  have your rant and leave it at that , I never understood the need for the incessant whining  (I mean I guess there is an audience for that these days )  I used to find it amusing admittedly now I just find it boring .  Saw this recently I. I enjoyed it for the most part  , thought it could have been trimmed by a good twenty minutes but thought it was a super solid entry  and a fitting send off to the Craig era .  Solid 7.5 out of 10 for me  .
Whoa new intro?
Why did Chris stop with the grading system at the end in each of his videos? Was kinda curious and realised from his recent uploads lately...
Not a fan of these brushing-offs of concerning aspects of the film.  “Some people don’t like Billie Eilish? People get mad about anything.”  “Some people don’t like Phoebe Waller-Bridge stepping in as a writer? It must be because she’s a woman.”  “New 007 is not just a woman but a woman of color? Must be a completely genuine move, no underlying blaxploitation at all.”
great movie it is. blown it out of the park. not bad for a 2 yr old movie ha. Left it wide open for the next bond. u just know the next is gonna be called 007 haha.
lame.
Paloma was fantastic hope they bring her back Regé-Jean Page if re booted with him as bond would be amazing with the paloma character
Best Craig movie with ending needed more backstory to  Safin.
I agree 100% with what you have said in this review.        except Billie Eilish makes boring brain dead music
Man, if there's anyone to blame for people not going to see this movie, it's the guys that tried to advertise it ..... how shall we say, in certain way. And producers should learn to live with their choices of appointing these people to do their marketing in certain way.
People don't like phoebe waller because she's a feminist and a terrible writer chris. Look into things first before you judge it.
Good to hear your thoughts about a mainstream movie Chris. I agree with all your comments about this movie. Thanks for the positive vibes about movies, artists and endorsing the theatrical experience. We could all use more of these in-cinema times.
Thought u weren't reviewing movies anymore??
It was an 8/10 for me.  Didn't think much of the side character, she felt a bit pointless.  Ana De Armas was underused and the villain was... weak.  But it has some brilliant action sequences and a fantastic ending.
Billie Eilish is not the right choice for a Bond movie. That would be like hiring Avril Lavigne to do Casino Royals
Love ur simple honest take. This film was seriously good even with its limitations. Daniel Craig is freaking amazong and so as the other characters. i agree that Rami Malek is underused. And the cinematography is mind blowing! The use of the locations and the action sequences were all great! Anna De Armas was quite phenomenal actually! Sad, my fave Bond, Mr. Craig's era has ended!...
Really enjoyed the movie. The acting, the action, the stunts and creativity was great. The new 007 was okay the most i watched her the more i didnt mind her their jokes were good. Didnt find the motivation for the new Bond villain good enough but will wow what an end of an era.
Its a disaster, Craig is a flop
Chris, you should review Venom Let There Be Carnage I’m very interested in your thoughts on that
Hey Chris you told that you are the fan of Speed (1994). Can you upload a review video about that movie?
Technically Connery had 3 final bond movie, which I think it's just really funny
Many saints of Newark when ?🥺🥺
It's crazy to think Daniel Craig's arc of 007 is finally at a conclusion. I'm gonna have to binge the entire story.
With all due respect Chris, I have never been a fan of Daniel Craig as James Bond. He is way too serious in my opinion.  I hope that is okay.
Bruh you sound very jaded by other reviewers and just people in general. Still the best place to get a review from though of course.
Is it me or is Ana de Armas fantastic in everything she's in ?
ive heard its bad.
Not looking forward to soy bond
Advertising and media tends to purposely stir up controversy for clicks, advertising, and cash.  It is objectively making the US, at least, a worse place.  Perhaps the movie makers themselves could do their part by shutting up regarding the hot social issues of the day *as it pertains to the films they are making*.  Maybe their answer should be, "Go see the film.  We think you'll like it." and let the media go hang itself.  Regardless, a good film trumps all kinds of other nonsense.
People don’t like Billie Eilish because she’s hyped by the industry as something that we have to like and that’s a huge turn off. Same reason why  people didn’t like Sam Worthington or even Jaden Smith for that matter lol.
Like 007 (700)
you playing the new metroid dread tomorrow chris?
Where is your suit Chris? Where is your suit? 😂😂
Going to see it this weekend.  Speaking of exciting theatrical releases, what are your thoughts about the trailer for the new Matrix?
It's sad to see so many abandon the theater experience. I have a great theater set up at home with an awesome projector and massive screen, and I'd still rather pay $10 to see a new release in a real theater. To each thier own, I guess. 🤷‍♂️
Really liked it a lot. Agree 100%
This movie was so long the build up was boring but the pay off was good
Very much second your citing of the scene towards the end where Bond is fighting his way up that darkened stairwell.. felt like they almost designed it with the tie-in video game in mind! I love it when Bond just does some old-school, lone wolf fire fighting. I also enjoyed the woodland scene that you mentioned ..but would people really treat £80,000 Land Rovers like that? More money than sense if you ask me!
why does every YouTuber have to tell us they have a cold or they're sick and their voice is not up to par...we don't care!
We don’t like that woke crap. That’s why ppl did t like the writer.  We don’t like it because they are gender and race swapping   Get woke go broke   Fuck this bull shit movie.  Not going to get my hard earned dollars
I felt something when you thanked Daniel Craig for his service :-(
Surprised that you still haven't done a review for Squid Game!
Can’t wait to see it!
Sorry but Timothy Dalton is the best 007 ... Craig is just too brutish and has no style or flair .... I still like Craig as 007 - he is great ... but Dalton really nailed the literary character...
Look...as far as people being upset that there was a female writer ... The "outrage" was just that... "Outrage". It was bs. It was a fake made up story so that journalists had something to get clicks. Seriously. Countless times a dummy account will be set up by a journalist just to tweet something offensive so they can write about their own fake outrage. I'm not saying always...but definitely most of the time these stories we hear about are all nonsense. I'm a huge bond fan. I belong to many Bond fan groups and forums and not once...not one single time did I ever see someone complaining about the fact that a woman was writing for the flick. Just saying ... No one cares who writes what. Just as long as it's good.
I agree, remember when Top Gun was supposed to come out. It completely disappeared.
Ian Flemming's James Bond was darker, more serious set stories then we seen in the movies. Flemming was dying from liver failure, when he was writing a James Bond book to tie in with the movies. Flemming didn't properly credit the movie, or something, and  was sued. Since he was dying, he lost the rights to his own character. The rights to James Bond have always been in the courts, and came to a head, when Daniel Craig was bond. Because of uncertainty, Skyfall was allowed to be the most James Bond, according to Ian Flemming's vision. Like most people, I was young, and those Roger Moore James Bond movies were a lot fun. Perfect if you're fourteen, so I loved them. Still, as aged, I still enjoyed James Bond, but it was often a guilty pleasure. By the time Daniel Craig was James Bond, I had stopped watchining  them. Then by accident, I caught "Skyfall".  It was my favorite James Bond movie. Who was the Bad Guy in that movie? Hard to say, maybe no one. Many people loved that movie. Many didn't like it all. There were those people, who wanted the old, nearly comedy James Bond movies. Damn, some of those old James Bond movies, were like Smokie, and the Bandit. I've heard some bad reviews of this movie. They say the villian isn't memerable enough. Fuck you, and go watch a super hero cartoon .
People, listen up, skip Bond, choose Dune! What an experience on the big screen
Im split on this movie, this is the only positive review iv seen
I was 17 when Casino Royale came out  back in 2006;, shit I feel old
Craig the best Bond of all time? He looks more like a steel eyed GI Joe... Connery was wayyyy better as Bond, and even Dalton and Brosnan were. To me the worst was Moore.
*Gahh Damn* what’s with the dislikes ? ?
No, Christopher, it’s not because she’s a woman 🤦🏻‍♂️. It’s because we viewers don’t care for politics, of any kind in our movies. KKK? don’t wanna hear it, BLM? Don’t wanna hear it… and she’s a huge proponent of identity politics, no one with a sound mind actually cares, but there’s a swath of people in Hollywood hiring men and woman to fit some sort of diversity quota. Billy (don’t care to look up the spelling of her last name) is in hot water from the LEFT, because her boobies are big, and she wore a corset…..  Been watching you for years, sending viewers, and new subs over to you, because you weren’t some shill, please don’t embarrass me. You were raised in a cult, yes.But the religious values that cult was based on aren’t bad at all, let’s not forget the practical stuff, aye?
Review squid game plz it was amazing !!!
Thank you for still making these videos Chris, I enjoy both types of reviews
Has anyone seen this in a true IMAX theater?  So far, no one has been talking about any of the 1.43 sequences
Yeah im sure they just didn't like that writer because she's a woman. So by that logic they freak out over every woman writer....  wait a second, that's insane.
As a longtime fan of yours, I trust your opinion. Also, Craig Bond is my favorite as well!
Metroid dread review?
To be fair the assumptions people were making about the movie were based on its own marketing, particularly the interviews. The fact that the movie was not actually like how it was being painted was legitimately unexpected.
5:40 to 5:50 - No, not because she's a woman. People feared she might have written a bad script.
This shit went woke. Trash 🗑
Chris, when Casino Royale came out people were complaining of Craig's blonde hair, not the blue eyes. I know it's still stupid, but you could say everyone grew with dark haired Bonds and that it wasn't faithful of the Fleming books.  I'm still glad that people got to warm up to Daniel, and now he's one of the most popular Bonds ever.
I’m sorry but the new opening for your videos is very 2004
ladies and gentlemen, the weekend.
You look very tired Chris. Hope you’re all good.
Since stuckMann is woke I’m afraid for this video.  F bond
Is that alita battle angel figurine I see in the background? 😍
People are just sick of seeing movies ruined. I see your point but people don't just dislike things because a Woman did it or was involved. With movies like Terminator: Dark Fate people have good reason to be speculative.
I see Chris is excited for Metroid too
Digging the Metroid Dread  T.shirt
Glad to see you still reviewing films!
I guess i missed it but why don't you give movie grades anymore?
I love you Chris, I'm so glad you're reviewing this. Long live Bond! Let's hope the next iteration in the franchise is just as good as these films have been :D
Not a good film. Overlong, flat in the middle dropping pace. Pointless villians. Not a Bond Film. Just a love story. 6/10.
I usually agree with Chris. Not here  Did not like this film at all.
That felt more like a big fan gushing over his favourite film franchise than a review.
Weird, i have never seen a bond movie in theaters
Skyfall was honestly one of the dumbest movies I’ve ever seen, I hope this one is good enough to erase that one from my memory!
Thank you for dispelling the wokeness in the movie! As a lifelong bond fan, I was sadly considering boycotting it for "going woke".
Ana De Armas is the highlight of the movie. Trust me!
The same ranking came out of my mouth 😀😀😀
Craig was top Bond for sure. I loved that at the beginning of No Time to Die he was a very different Bond in a state of "I am too old for this crap" sense. I noticed how he even slaped the butt of Obruchev when getting into the plane to meet Leiter.  And that ending... Just incredible.
It's total Sh+t, great visually as you'd expect but you never kill off Bond.  Kill him off but then say he'll be back, WTF was the point in doing that then, unless of course it's to remake him into someone who drink soy latte's kneels at the start of football matches and wears a pride pin on missions making sure to get his pronouns right.  Kill off a character that's been around since the 60's and end it two scenes later.  Garbage, based on that point alone, worst Bond film ever.
Your face on the screenshot scared me that this was bad, been waiting for this for so long.
I like the previous intro. It was just the best
This film treats the genders and skin-tones as equal which is great and I am fairly sure virtually everyone is good with that.  I think the issue was that the initial marketing made it look like Bond would be the butt of all the jokes because he is a white man.  Hollywood has recent form in this regard.  I was pleasantly amazed that this film gives you an entertaining Bond experience and at no point is there a condescending shrug or a reference to previous movie behaviour.  Still dislike the Blofeld step-brother thing.  That was a misstep for me.  Not sure how I feel about the end.  Will be interesting to see what is next for Bond.
From what I know, the numbers are not retired...
Metroid!! I can't wait until tomorrow :)))))
Did you think that in some scenes Craig's blue eyes were digitally enhanced, or perhaps he spent some time on the planet Arrakis? (Will Dune be THE movie of 2021?) Great review as always. It seems like the Bond character has achieved immortality, something like that Victorian England consulting detective.
Why are your reviews not on RT anymore?
I saw this yesterday and think it was good but i most say the are some plot points i wish they could explain a little more and some they start and then nah forget this BUT Daniel Craig played really good in this and the ending i most say i love it and hate it at the same time.
We all miss the theater but we also don't want to die from covid. Are you asking us to go support this film by putting our lives on the line?? We aren't going to the movies because we don't want to. I thought you were better than this Chris..
can we acknowledge how crazy that the film's plot is so close and relevant to the whole COVID pandemic, I mean the ending is very relevant...
.....people hate billie Eilish because she's like 19 and pretends that she knows everything  about the world but she's actually just a silly little girl who knows fuck all !!!! I quite like one or two of her songs though and the song for this film is pretty good !
the movie was 1/3 a JB movie, 2/3 a romance movie. the JB parts where fucking awesome, and could have been an amazing movie by itself. the romance made this movie unnecessarily long, honestly never cared about her character besides as a ultimate "FUCK" you to Mr. White. And yeah Ana de Armas was honestly the 2nd best part of the movie, would have loved to have her as a one girl instead of seeing Madeline agaaaaaaaaain. honestly it detracts from Craigs JB. his only true love was Vesper, and he got all the self resolution he needed to move forward in Quantum of Solace weather we like it or not. I honestly feel that NTtD is a bit like a mediocre closure for those who never watched QoS or for those who want to pretend it didn't exist. no judgement there, I like it, but that's me. And Casino Royale + QoS as an epilogue is perhaps the best JB movie combo ever made. the only story about JB instead of a movie with JB as the protagonist.
I was waiting for thiss
I always saw Bond as a womanizer. Daniel Craig as Bond never got me as a womanizer. My favorite bond is Roger Moore because I always thought he was the best womanizer. When I watch the movies as a kid I would see how he would pick up beautiful women left and right. No you don't see that as much in Bond films.
Endless James Bond reboot is kind of tiresome. I just want to see the continuation of Nomi and Paloma.
Represent metroid shirt.  Dread tomorrow WOOOOOO
I'm not watching the review because I want to wait to see it. But your thumbnail is very scary, Chris.
Chris I can appreciate that you're a diehard theatergoer, and once upon a time I and many of us were. But that experience has been just about all destroyed because of the existence of countless douchebags ruining the experience for everyone else.  I've been pretty damn close to getting in fistfights over this stuff; turned around and told a guy right behind me to shut the f up in a packed house, and lucky for him his gf told him to comply.   There's been too many times where that bs has happened, so I told my wife, screw it honey, we're staying home and watching our 65" OLED with 7.1 Dolby Atmos.   Unless mainstream theaters start doing what the Alamo theaters do, which is give people warnings for disruption, and then literally kick them out, I'm not going back. I've had enough, and plenty of others have had enough too. Between school kids, people on their phones, low-income stoned mfs who sit at the very back and yell etc., I'm done. Not giving my money to have my night ruined by a bunch of punks.  Screw the theaters. Stay home and stream it.
By far the best Bond ever, untouchable 👏
I swear if we wind up with james bond being replaced by a virtue signaling character for the next 10 years I will never watch another. No matter how high the quality is or how many good reviews it gets.
metroid 5 tomorrow
No wedding ring again!!!!!!!!😶😶😶😶
Hmmm, how could it be that people were sceptical towards Phoebe Waller-Bridge? Not because she's a woman. Please don't use the same old tired narrative again and again. It didn't work with "Ghostbusters 2016", it won't work here.   But movies like GB2016 are the exact reason why people were sceptical. Wokifying big franchises is something Hollywood loves to do nowadays. It's a great distraction from all the sick shit going on behind the scenes. Perhaps they hope, if they're talking about woke stuff all the time, the audience will forget how many people in Hollywood knew about Weinstein for many years, but still decided to keep quiet. Now the same people want to tell us what's right and what's wrong.   Nope, I'm not interested in their preachings. All I want from Hollywood is to be entertained. The Bond franchise always stood for that: pure entertainment. It was never about politics or social issues. At least not in a serious or preachy way.   So yeah, I totally see where those people are coming from, who thought the hiring of PWB could be a sign for Bond getting wokifyed. If it didn't actually happen - great! But was it very likely in Hollywood's current state that it could have happened? Absolutely! And that's not the fault of outrage channels on Youtube. Yep, there are many of those who monetize  this modern outrage culture. And sometimes it's pretty ridiculous. But none of those channels would work if Hollywood wouldn't make it so easy for them and give them new ammunition week for week.   greetings from germany :-)
Thank you Chris for acknowledging why people get upset and wary when movies try to "pander" to a specific audience.  Cause as you said, the movie can suffer as a result.  How many times have people been labelled as a misogynist, when they're simply just tired of seeing the same old "strong female" character done poorly?
Feminist garbage
I actually don't like Billie Eilish's song, mainly because of how slow, and depressing it sounds. Also, it sounds like another Adele rip off Bond song. I don't hate the song or Billie, but I was disappointed.
I'm not a big fan of 007 movies, but No time to die, was the first movie I saw in a theater after a year and a half of not stepping foot in one. After re-watching 007 from Casino Royale to Spectre in a week before going to the theater, I enjoyed it too much to be true. I missed seeing movies in a movie theater, the theater was almost empty, the projector guy took a while to show the movie and I even got to joke with my girlfriend referencing and rushing Toto from Cinema Paradiso. I It made me remember why cinema means a sanctuary to me.  Casino Royale is still my favorite, but I accept that it was a good decision to go back to the cinema watching No time to die. Great review, good on you for pointing out the grifters or anti SJWs who get angry at straw men without even having seen the movies.
Yeah he looks sick in the face very pale looking  , get well bro 👍🏿🥲
She's a woman and she's black. That's enough for some of these idiots to get angry.
Was waiting for this review. Chris does a great job at summing up the epic finale of James Bond!
It’s been fascinating watching the reactions of various YouTubers to this film. I absolutely loved the film - one of the best 007 movies ever without a doubt - which will age very well I bet. But there were some things that happened in it this film that I did NOT love so much. And it definitely brings up serious questions as to how the Bond franchise moves on from here.  Most of these YouTubers - like Chris - are relatively young and have basically grown up with Daniel Craig as their James Bond. So they are sort of used to a very serious hard hitting drama filled continuing story. The Stand alone light Bond films that my generation grew up with ( I’m in my 50’s ) are kind of out of fashion right now. So what do the producers do next? Will this generation accept a return to that old type of film - or will they have to just start a brand new 5 film arc with a new Bond and new supporting cast? Personally- as much as I love the Craig era( he’s right behind Connery as my favorite James Bond) I would love to see a return to stand alone mission based stories. But idk - will audiences who have grown up with Craig want that? Lots of questions for sure!
I am so uncomfortable with the idea of going to the theater yet for personal reasons, but I am DYING to see something on the big screen. There are so many worthy movies coming out this year, too. It’s just not the same watching a movie on your TV.
Craig's Bond Movie Rankings: 1. Casino Royale 2. Skyfall 3. Quantum of Solace (generic villain that cuts at Bond emotionally) 4. No time to die 5. Spectre
Same ranking. Great review
Thanks for reviewing this movie, I thought you were not going to do it.
what is different about  your sound?
So I have never seen a single Bond film. Though I love movies and every genre of them, so can I see this movie with no prior knowledge of previous bond films and still enjoy it? Or does it require the audience to know some of the history of the franchise?
This is what we need, a black female 007. Next comes a (black) female batman, superman, captain america, what else...  Yes hollywood, please do replace each male character with a (black) female one.
I know what you mean about the big screen experience. I've been going to the big screen since our theaters reopened in my area last October. I'm not planning to see this one though. I know how it ends and the marketing turned me off. At this point, the franchise is pretty much over, and that sucks, tbh. :-(
my man pierce brosnan may lose in the bond movie department but atleast he won in the bond game department. but kratos to daniel.
Review squid game
MAN I WISH I can SEE this movie on theaters on my country the Philippines.
Ok
Ana de Armas character needs more screen time, she was a delight in this!
I need to know where you got that Metroid shirt, Chris.
Oh oh, Chris turning to the woke mob. Not good.
I was waiting patiently for this review, now i know i got to see this movie, thanks Chris.
Glad you didn't quit doing movie reviews! Love your take on production films.
I never really watched a James Bond film and I might not even start because of the shear volume. I tried looking at reviews for the "best ones" and rankings but people are too subjective and divided over which those are actually. I'm jealous towards the fans like I was with Star Wars (but we all know how that one turned out). I don't even know the point of me commenting here but all that I know is that I have no choice but to ignore this franchise altogether. I'm a completionist but after the Arrowverse (especially Black Lightning), I'm trying to recover from this mental illness by  only watching the best versions of anything but I guees that won't happen with James Bond...
This review couldn't be more accurate. People are getting outraged over nothing.
Pierce Brosnan was a better 007 (than Craig). But Connery set the standard.
What min, a movie review!!! Yeaahhhhhh my man
Maybe, if the messaging isn't pushed down our throats in a movie, they shouldn't make it a talking point to begin with. 007 may be just a number, but James Bond is a promise, that we get James Bond 007 and not James Bond P.I. Watch in awe as James Bond the IRS Agent goes through rows of numbers as he searches for tax fraud.  If the answer for a modern Bond is making it another action movie franchise, maybe they should let it die. Establish a new one that does not have the unwanted baggage of Bond. I've seen the first two Craig Bonds and didn't care if they were good or bad. This wasn't Janes Bond, it was Jason Bourne. I'll keep enjoying the old ones and will probably ignore the future ones. Just don't come crying when people get bored of the action spectacle.  Good, bad, I'm the one with the wallet and I'll decide how to spend the little money and time I have.
ANYTHING is better than Die Another Day! The only redeeming part in that movie was the opening title sequence of Bond being tortured! I really thought they were going to take a serious approach to his last one! But NOOOOO he becomes a superhero after a shave and a haircut! As far as Craigs Bond, I really like your ranking Chris! I haven’t seen No Time To Die yet! I liked Quantum, but I felt it was rushed. People forget we were under a Writer’s Strike at that time. If they would have waited another year I think the movie would have been vastly improved! Spectre was good, but Waltz’s character should have had more screen time and they should have dropped the “jealous half brother” motivation! Casino Royle and Skyfall are top tier for me!   Here’s a question for everyone: What if they treated Bond like the MCU but in regards to directors? Have the New Bond and new Director sign on for a muti film  deal. That way there can be a solid storytelling arc, with one director’s vision.
5:42 WROOOONNNGGG!! Not because she's a woman. It's her agenda to have a role that's "as good as Bond but a woman" that angered people.  That's so strange considering she's not in favor of a female Bond per say...
I see Chris representing Metroid in time for Metroid: Dread, coming out tomorrow.
Brosnan is the best bond.  To me
The next generation is going to be watching a new line of "007" movies. The producers have just dug themselves a grave to have to find cool new character names every time an existing "007" character retires or killed in action and need to replaced.  "James Bond" as a brand is literally buried with "No Time To Die".
Came out of the theatre of a 2h45min film and my immediate reaction was "I want to see it again right now".   Still have goose bumps thinking of some of the moments in the film. I think it's a terrific film but I recognise it's not going to be up every Bond fan's street that's for sure. But as Chris said, give it a shot.   As for the rankings can't really decide, definitely better than Quantum and Spectre but I don't know where to place it yet amongst Skyfall and Casino Royale.
it sounds like Chris is saying people should not have or share their opinion about the direction the James Bond series is going after this movie without watching this movie first? I don't quite get that. I think some people are bothered by the fact that the following movies will be lead by a woman of color. whom is a fine and beautiful actress and deserves  whatever success she gets. I think the issue isn't a female 007. it's the franchise. I don't think it's ever been referred  to as the 007 franchise. I've always heard it called the James Bond series. I think Sean Connery and others in the roll of a 007 were also named Bond, James Bond right? so it's most likely the end of the James Bond series. I think people  can have and share their opinions on that before actually seeing James Bond's possible end right?
I believe he gave it a C+?!
So Chris you're saying that this movie isnt Woke ?! or that the female 007 isnt there to talk shhiitt to James Bond and show us how better she is or even hinting at a possible 007 movie with her as the star of the movie ?!( which would be an abomination to real bond fans )..  killing Jame Bond like that at the end is a slap in the face to every fan and so disrespectful to the franchise itself. a character like Bond who have been with us for half a century shouldnt be treated like that by the producers and director.. a director who labelled Sean Connery's bond as a rapist 😤.. why the F would you direct a movie in a franchise  you hate so much ??!  the death of James Bond is the end of Ian Fleming's bond and the beginning  of the woke 007..  plus people are outraged about the female writer you mentioned because she is known for her views about feminism so they bought her to "impower women" in this " toxic womanizing awful" franchise..  so Chris i think you should watch this movie a second time , maybe you can spot the woke propaganda being shoved down our throats🤬😤
I was starting to get excited about the Idris Elba rumor taking over as the new Bond. Dude deserves a leading role already.
It wasn't because the writer was a woman that people had stuff to say about it. It was her writing itself.
Till this day I still haven't seen a single of Craig's Bond movies, are they really THAT good? So far I've seen people only loving Casino Royale, and I'd onto see it because of Mads Mikklesen since I'm not a fan of Craig as James Bond.
Bro we need a grade for the movie. I take your grades quite seriously
5:37 “It’s extremely monetisable to get mad about things,” is real shit.
What's the grade for this film?
Like this movie oh, I never thought I would see the new Mutant that I finally did.
rocking the Metroid dread shirt, let’s go Chris
I fell like Chris is being too soft on his reviews, wft happend?
Nice Metroid shirt. Excited for tomorrow aka Dread Day :)
How much were you paid to spew out this dog turd....??
Imagine having 1 scene in the film and still be one of the absolute highlights
You got a cold in THIS day and age? Someone's not been masking...
I love never say never again with Sean Connery I have literally watched that movie on repeat over 100 times to me Sean Connery a pitta mise the role of James Bond. Because he was tough when he had to be but still vulnerable. He could kick ass but he often had his ass kicked. But somehow in a pinch he always had an ace up your sleeve and a clever way to get out of the sticky situation not just through brute force. Also when it came to the lady he had a swab and it to him that was very low-key but very strong. “You know there is a better technique for relieving pain from a man’s back….” Also I have to say that I hated Daniel Craig as James Bond I’ve only seen bits and pieces of his bond movie but never a whole movie from start to finish. I think he’s a fine actor I just don’t think he’s fine for James Bond he’s not the boss I want to date I wanted to see somebody that brought about a modern version of Sean Connery‘s James Bond because that bond is not broken for me I don’t need something changed or something different about it.
I enjoyed the movie, but they've made continuity a thing with 007 now...and I wonder where they are going to take it from here.
Ever since I made my first short film in college, after editing it for hours on a small 13 inch MacBook pro, it was played in front of the class on a huge theater sized screen in one of the large auditoriums on campus (projector was used), i realized that movies are so much different or even better on that large screen. It feels different and looks different, in a good way, it’s truly where movies are supposed to be seen. I also missed the theaters and streaming has nothing on this.
You should always be concerned when Chris' face looks like that in the thumbnail.
The “SPIRIT of BOND” is now encased in an AI suit !! The new department in Mi6 is about to go operational in 2022! Humans and AI working together . What could possibly go wrong! All will be revealed in the 2022 James Bond novel: GRAVITAS !
Green Knight coming out on bluray. Finally do a review?
My problem is Nanobots can be disabled with EMP even researched it and MIR scans aswell....
Yes! Daniel Craig is the best Bond IMO also.
I guess because she is a woman lmfao what???
I didn't like the movie, it was boring and action scenes were forgettable
"Because she's a woman"...? Really? You're going there? That's why? You're going the route that people used against those who hated TLJ?
Land Rover, the cars the were in the forest scene, replied to a tweet I sent to them asking if the car that flipped past bond was CGI, they told me none of the cars were CGI ever, which is SO DAMN COOL!!!
Why do American's struggle so much to correctly pronounce words and names..it is CRAIG....not KREG. Or atleast just pronounce it correctly when talking about someone who in particular who does not call or say it like KREG lol.
Did I miss the rating?
Completely agree with you on everything feeling natural, and never forced. I'm a WOC and a feminist, and even I don't like when it feels phoney and forced. Phoebe did it exactly right!
People weren't really upset because she was a woman. It was more because of her previous work, that they thought was poor and her political beliefs.  That's what I have gathered.
Who's Daniel Creg?
The face you were making on the thumbnail honestly made me believe the movie was terrible, but hearing you say that it was great and did not pander to a political agenda gave me a relief that I haven’t felt for a year while hearing about the film. I know we can always count on you to give honest opinions. Thanks for this🙏🏼
Very excited for this one!
im gonna book the tickets now just coz of this review :) thx chris.
I don’t la if I’d missed something, but did he forget to give the movie a grade  (F-A)?
nah brah....if ive learned nothing from the past few years ive learned at least one thing.....i totally enjoy being able to watch films in my home without having to go to a theater....sure going to a theater for a movie  is cool and all when ur doing like a date night or something but then again u could just go out to eat and then go home to watch the movie...... theaters need to die....it shouldnt cost $15-20 per movie tickets and then $5,678.99 for a drink and some snacks....its ridiculous.....we need to bring back drive in movies.....those are by far the best movie experiences
The fact they got Billie Eilish a top 40 artist to make the song made me laugh. Shoulda had Shirley Bassett or Dionne Warwick. Amazing voices.
Legit Daniel Craig’s Bond will always go down as one of the best modern James Bond’s ever , I’m probably gonna get hated on this but like I can’t deny he was the best guy to emulate James Bond when he was the main guy in Casino Royale
The real reason No Time To Die being remotely what it is right now is major reshoots happened during the plandemic. If Fukunaga kept the woke script like in the first trailer, it would have bombed to shit and that's the least he realized to fix in time to avoid a disaster. "Bond movie for metoo generation" my ass.
Doing reviews for movies, simply calling them Movie Review is absolutely fine! With your new approach I just know the movie was worth it just from seeing you made a video about it. Waiting for more filmmaking and behind the scenes content! I'm loving the new direction you're taking with the channel!
Will you be reviewing Dune Chris?
sounds like u are fed up with random stupid ppl LOL!
The worst Bond film ever.
Thank god the Craig era is finally over.
Hy, I know it doesn't belong here but could you please do a review of Judgment Night 1993, I would very much appreciate. Great job with all the reviews. It is a pleasure watching your videos
Can't wait to watch it.  And I'm digging the shirt Mr.Stuckmann, gonna need a Metroid Dread Review form ya! 👌
I enjoyed it. yes the tone was sometimes a bit mixed with serious scenes followed by the Borat accented scientist talking. But overall it kept me entertained never got boring and had some great action and acting.I was happy with the ending
MOVIE REVIEW?!?!
And the trailer drop today for Resident Evil Welcome to Raccoon City and you can check it out and I want to know your thoughts on that trailer reaction if you do one but it looks good by the trailer and it’s coming out November 24th it’s almost around the corner
So you're saying pay money to watch this movie, even if end up thinking it is shite?  What kind of amateur are you?
I do think a lot of people who might have otherwise enjoyed the film are going to go in poisoned against it because of a lot of negative BS speculation that went on particularly on Youtube by the usual suspects.   Diehard Bond fans will rightfully be divided, but all in all this is for the majority of it's run time the most Bond-like we've gotten to see Craig perform.  I don't think Craig is necessarily the "best" Bond,  but that's going to always be subjective and probably influenced by the first actor you saw play the part.  I truly believe other actors got better scripts to work from, and great actors like Dalton never reached their full potential because of the stories they were saddled with.  Going forward from here is definitely going to be very interesting indeed.
Do a video in which you only talk about ALL THE MOVIES you give and A+  grade PLEASE huge fan btw love you ❤️
It was so good, Chris didn’t even give it a grade? Wow!
First half of the movie was kind of boring. Second half was great. But Daniel Craig has excellently continued James Bond legacy from Casino Royale. Ian Flemming would be so proud of him.
I love the personality clash with Bond and 007. You can tell they both have the ego required for 007, and there's only room for one of them at the start. But then they just made the greatest team.
Of course the new 007 is a black woman... Of course.
:)
a satisfying finale? really?!
That what I do when I go see a movie.  I give the director the benefit of the doubt and give an opinion about it. If I like it I like it and if I dont I don't.
When are you going to review Dune?
Not seen the movie yet but im excited. People don’t like PWB because she has a history of trying to force political crap down the viewers throats and were worried she would attempt to change Bond. This is definitely going to be the best or 2nd best final Bond film as LTK is the only one that was great and others were terrible. The continued story for all Craigs movies is still dumb and shouldn’t have been how they did this as it doesn’t work very well for Bond. Excited for Ana De Armas, interested to see Lashana Lynch, interested to see Rami Malek.   Not my fav Bond but he does have the best Bond movie in CR
Review squid game chris!
I thought your radar would go off with the 10 second Q scene that isn't part of the story and easy to edit out for foreign markets. Seemed like they just did it to get some praise.
Wait, is Chris not grading movies anymore?
0:29 Hope the villain's nanobots didn't leak through the screen...
It’s about time that you put review on this movie it’s easy that way Chris Stuckmann to search up movies review this way if you don’t put reviews on it I won’t be able to search it and I like how it’s on reviews and not showing it
Why are you judging people if you don't actually know their stances.   Also   Blue eyed people throughout history - "I want that, I'll take that" Every other group of people - "Hey that's ours" Blue eyed People - "wow.. you're weird *scoff*"    "People get upset when big monopolies with social agendas try to warp cultural paradigms passive-aggressively with token politics, as one generation laughs at other generations for caring about their entertainment staples being twisted by idelogues in a cult, until they're finally impacted and then suddenly they care.  Who cares about all the gender and race swapping for marketing lip service ruining the entire art form?  Who cares about the characters and story legacies? Who cares.. just go watch films mindlessly ... if its trendy I'm on that bandwagon. I'm a film critic who has NO concept of how soft power and art really works, I know nothing about Joseph Campbell, Carl Jung, Edward Barneys or Noam Chomsky, BUT I will peddle DISNEY every chance I get because... monetization and views.. Buying in and assimilating IS smart business.   I mean I don't actually know what I'm talking about beyond my personal preferences and biases.. like who care if Disney made Heimdallr, a GOD of "Norse faith" and religion black even though he was the "Whitest of the AEsir" with AEsir meaning "Men of the east" and most being described a "Swarthy".  Who cares if systemically remake every movie retooling their ethical and moral narratives to further normalizes ASPD traits which we culturally worship now. I don't actually need to know the source material of the shitty film adaptations that I promote out of self interests, I just need to know how to go along with the crowd.    Here's my glib commentary punching down at people who's views I actually don't care to know."   JUST. STOP.   Cue THE WHO "Behind blue eyes"
Who plays 007 DOES matter to people who LOVE James Bond. Chris seems like a casual fan, who doesn’t really care about race-swapping, gender-swapping, etc. The director literally said that “James Bond has always been a RAPIST….” Thanks, Chris but I will not see this film for those reasons. You want a career in Hollywood, so I wouldn’t expect you to say ANYTHING that might ruffle feathers.
No, I won't give Hollywood the benefit of the doubt anymore. I did that for a long time, but in recent years there were just too many disapointments. Paying ca. 20 bucks for a shitty movie isn't a gamble I want to take anymore. I'd rather invest that money for a streaming subscription (Shudder, FlixFling, Mubie etc.). Don't get me wrong, I love going to the cinema, but the big screen deserves much better movies than we're getting from Hollywood nowadays.   greetings from hollywood
Chris I love your film review
They killed Bond off. Fuck this movie and everyone involved in it.
Wow for someone who escaped from an intolerant family or "cult" like you say, you sure seem a lot like them...the reason people were upset at Phoebe was due to the fact that people were upset at the rumour of bond becoming a black woman(sadly not something anyone would be surprised nowdays since everything banks or racial and gender politics in entertainment), and when they got phoebe has a writter what they said was that she was there not because of her gender but to help right the female characters...since people were pissed at the gender drama now coming to 007 they automatically got angry, because lets face it bond is a character full of machismo and thats part of the charm,if people dont like the icon, then leave it be, but everyone thought they would change bond for the worse...so even if the general people were wrong it is pretty easy to see why they got upset...justifyed or not that is just a matter of opinion, but empathy makes you see how people get there...because there are no "crazy" people, there are diferent beliefs,education and experiences that lead to different outcomes of opinion...so start doing what you preach Chris and have a little empathy
it was a great movie, I'm still a bit torn about the ending, but as a lifelong James Bond fan, I wasn't dissapointed
I see the Metroid shirt and I too am HYPE for the new game tomorrow
nice tshirt
Chris review 'the guilty' we are waiting
Goldeneye will always be #1
Thank you
I really enjoyed this film. Seeing it in IMAX was a great experience, and this was the perfect swan song for Craig's version of Bond
Agree.. except for Billie, I didn’t find that song to be any good. Chris Cornell, Adele and even Sam Smith did a better job at it.
As long as there's no woke BS, or propaganda, this looks good. But why the hell is bond riding bitch on a moped? Some feminist write that?
How would you grade it? You don't have to. I'm just curious is all.
Chris look sick in this video😢 I hope he get well soon
The brass piece Zimmer used throughout the movie is such a captivating take on the Bond theme. (Most notable in "Square escape")   It's not what you would expect Zimmer to do but it sounds ever so much like something Zimmer would do. Very tense brass ostinatos spaced with percussion.
Are u going to review lamb
Craig Bond ranking: 1. Casino Royale 2. NTTD 3. Skyfall 4. Spectre 5. Quantum of Solace
Have to disagree. It’s only an ok bond film. Action is good. The story is ok. The villains are really poor.
I didn’t rate this movie, the plot was poor. Rami malek is also very cringey and a Heath ledger wannabe.
Going tonight!  Thank you for the spoiler free review!  Lawd I can't wait!!
Watched the movie last night, really enjoyed it.  Not the best film in the series, but a great movie and ending to the series.
He likes shit like Malignent so he should better not whine about Bond.
Give it a chance... no. If it is even a little bit woke, I refuse to give them money.
If he is finally done being Bond, maybe we can get him to return to the role of Detective Blanc.  Good Lord what I would not give for another movie featuring that character!
Daniel Craig is far from the best James Bond for me
Armas is extremely beautiful
There is a lot wrong with this film, but when it comes to Craig at the end of a 15 year stint as bond there is nothing but good to say about the character. I totally see why people sight him as their favourite bond, he is something else.
I watched it on Saturday, and I got so emotional the last 10 minutes, the weirdest thing ever. Bless them though, nice to see a theatre packed.
One of these days, the good guy should stroke cats
Peep the Metroid Dread
My dad and I can't wait to see it. He grew up loving James Bond and I love it as well so this is prime to be an awesome experience.
The end of an era, the death of a franchise.
"I'm a huge Bond fan" "Daniel Craig is my favourite Bond"
It’s always the same; they reboot Bond with back to basics espionage spy shit and end up back at Roger Moore level shenanigans. Spectre killed Craig’s tenure for me so I couldn’t care less about this one. The Mission Impossible movies became what I wanted Craig’s Bond to be, so hopefully that doesn’t go off the rails  Having said all that, glad Chris is the polar opposite of those awful outrage grifters who keep people angry about shit that doesn’t matter
Looking forward to this movie, also as a Metroid fan; love your shirt!
This review inspires me to rewatch the Craig-era movies like tomorrow and buy a ticket for the new one. Funny thing, I've never seen a Bond film in theatres, because I've never been THAT interested in the franchise, although have watched Brosnan's Bond a lot in my childhood. I've seen Casino and Skyfall with some friends at home, but those are kinda vague in my memory, and Solace/Spectre just get a lot of shit, so I've never bothered.  This one has mixed reviews from what I can tell, but your opinion, Chris, is very valuable to me. And wow, somehow I missed that Fukunaga directed this, and I like Beasts of No Nation and Maniac quite a bit.
I dunno, I dont feel any connection with Craigs Bond. I remember nothing from Casino Royale, from Skyfall I just remember the action scenes in the house and theme song... all those movies are a blur. I still prefer Moore and Connery.
Movies like this is why I will always go to the theaters to see movies
I’m sorry, but you lost me at “because she’s female”. People don’t dislike writers or whatever because they are female/male. They dislike them because they have a history of bad movies and/or are pandering to the woke ideology. When you water it down to “because she’s female” you’re giving the woke movement fuel, and generalizing the opinions of others without having actual arguments as to why.   Bad move. Thumbs down.  Editing some extra text in, because my comment may seem like I’m hating the movie, which I’m not;  She (the writer) may not be hated because she is woke, she can also be hated because she’s going against the woke mob. Either way I can with certainty she is not hated because she is a female, she is hated because she got the wrong opinion according to one of the sides.   I still stand by my thumbs down though.
Chris didn't talk about Die Another Day when he listed last films of the previous Bond actors.
What’s weird to me is that Skyfall (what most consider the best in the series) is the most detached from the flow of the Craig era.  Casino Royale - Vesper tragedy, new bond introduction, Felix introduced. Later turned out to be spectre associated.  QoS - ‘Character progression from Vesper betrayal’ + later turned out to be Spectre associated. Bond rejoins MI6.  Spectre - Main evil society, meets blofelt, Bond meets his love of his life, then retires at the end.  NTTD - hits and concludes every story - but what story line was left over after skyfall?
Chris, I love that shirt!! Can't wait for new Metroid this week.
How woke is it ?
Sean Connery is the best bond of all time, who is the next bond? I'd like to Idris Elba or Jason Statham, I think either would be a great choice with how gritty bond has become . But I do agree Sean Connery s last film wasn't that great
Went out to see this movie and a traffic accident caused a delay and I could only watch the late showing.  As a result, my restaurant of choice was closed when I got out, so I had No Time to Dine.  I’ll see myself out.  ~_~
The female 007 was forgettable. The lines she had about taking his 'number' and if she still going to be 007 was off putting when there were more important thing happening at that time in the movie. It didn't come off as humorous it came off as childish.
I did not understood the dismissive tone on Phoebe Waller-Bridge
Agree with your ranking aside from having Quantum of Solace bottom. Having rewatched them all recently, Spectre is quite clearly the worst of the five for me. Quantum sorta works as a tight little action flick and epilogue to Casino Royale.
*SPOILERS* . . . . . . . . . . I really find interesting the MGS Foxdie element on this movie. Kojima clearly took a lot of influence from this franchise and now they are borrowing from him. Nice IMO.
Wow, Chris  looks really pale here.
5:45 Noooo Chrisss... no... why are you so ignorant? Everyone knows what she writes and she is a antifun writer! She is the kind of writer that studios invite to get virtue signaling points. Nothing screams boring as writer with an agenda.
People hate on Billie Eyelash because she's fake not because she's "talented"
I respect your opinion but after watching other reviews and hearing spoilers I will not see this movie if others enjoyed this film that's fine but this the not the bond film for me and some others
I grew tired of the Craig Bond films, not even watching Spectre when it was on Amazon Prime, but I'll finally give it a watch before I give No Time to Die the benefit of the doubt. That said, I stopped giving Hollywood, in general, the benefit of the doubt a while ago.
Gotta love the fake outrage bros. Lol
This movie was amazing. Its not on the tier of casino and skyfall but its right behind them.
Watching this makes me happy Chris doesn’t review movies to the extent that he used to. His take of “people don’t like x because women” is a spicy take. Stupid, but spicy.
really enjoyed this film
Ive seen the card counter and dune already.  Card counter is boring and dune was awesome.
2:00 cringe
not because she's a woman. its because she has an agenda.  that being said. it sounds like from all the reviews that they heard the audience was angry and there where significant rewrites.
I figured ana de Armas is in only one scene, according to the trailer, all her scenes she's wearing a black dress.
The russian scientest that says. I will put ebola in your te someday, is a danish actor that was told at a quick meeting to do his voice in a jamaican accent. OK he thought it was a bit wierd, but he practiced doing a jamaican accent. When they was close to shooting the scene, he then found out it was a mistake and they wanted a russian accent.
This movie sucked balls. So forced, too many characters. Waltz underused once again, the main villian is just jammed in. Elements i would never expect or want in a bond movie. 4/10
Fantastic review Chris, thank you!
Loved this review and can’t wait to watch the movie. I also hope Chris reviews the game he is proudly wearing a shirt for.
One thing I really liked about Daniel Craig as Bond in this movie, which is something that I thought I was really going to hate since it almost went against Bond’s nature as a cold blooded killer, but I really enjoyed seeing him as husband and father. It was a breath of fresh air to see Bond try and have a bit of humanity. I know that kinda goes against his background as an assassin. But I think it’s cool to see him try to live a quieter life as a family man rather than just be a pawn who kills people under the command of his government.
Casino Royale: the movie (and the song by the late Chris Cornell) that pushed me to go to the gym and commit. Big changes in my life cascaded from that decision. Weird how much can someone become attached to and influenced by an apparently minor thing like a movie...
Great review as always chris and looking forward to see this mumbai in mumbai i  Imax as theaters reopen on oct 22nd would be a blast❤❤
I give u the edge in loving bond movies just a tad more but I fully agree that Mr Craig is wo a doubt the best 007 ever. Connery is definitely 2nd 🥈   I’m excited to see this movie!
Outrage = monetisation I liked this comment.   Mightnights Edge **cough**
You fooled me, Chris. I thought you would negatively review this movie based on the thumbnail. 😂
Everytime you mention Mads Mikkelsen I wonder why WHY you haven’t done a series on him SIR I AM HERE BEGGING lol.
Saw this yesterday. Honestly, I feel like Skyfall should have been the send off. Couldn’t help but feel like “why does this exist?” the whole time I saw this. Had good parts here + there but I feel like a whole film wasn’t warranted. Also the finale was underwhelming - the villain seemed pretty weak to be the final adversary Bond faces + what Bond loves so much about Madeleine still didn’t translate. He’s had way more compelling + charismatic love interests in the past. Was pretty disappointed by this film, overrall.
could'nt disagree more....this movie was mediacore at best.  The villain is horrible. The love interest....NO set up at all....not believable. No memorable action moments.   A Bond movie to forget.
Thanks for making me emotional Chris lol. Get better please☺️
They blatantly took the piss out of Russians with that goofy Russian Scientist. I found him very annoying, thus, I acknowledge Russia to be incompetent and non-threatening 😆
I don't like how this version of Bond is always retiring.  Also, i would like to see Henry Caville as the next Bond. I think he would do a good job.
1 Casino Royale 2 No time to die 3Skyfall  4 Spectre 5 Quantum of solace
Shouldn’t the film be directed by a Brit? You know, based on the standards the industry they themselves have set??
Quantum of Solace is WAAAAAAAAAY better than SPECTRE it’s not even in the same list.   SPECTRE is probably the worst Film in the franchise.
To me the biggest issue of expecting a toxic feminist diatribe was embedded in the trailers we received, in conjunction with the trends of so many other franchises. I have learned to notice these things and honestly never got that vibe for this film. But it caused more contention through alternative things haha
Daniel Craig gave his all on this film as James Bond and I enjoyed everything about it. That ending gave me manly tears.
"It's extremely monetizable to get mad about things on screen"  Truer words have never been spoken!
Metroid Dread baby!
Hoping for you to review Squid Game.
So happy to see an actual review again from Chris!
I'm sorry but Chris mentioning Daniel Craig's "stunning" blue eyes is the highlight of this review
Rami malek’s character was dull
Please go back to doing movie reviews. You can still make movies and review others.
No no no Chris. People weren't mad that they brought a women on as a writer. They were mad that they brought Lashana Lynch on as the new 007. Which she even said. Don't be disingenuous my dude
More excited for these rare reviews than the movie itself 😅
I'm sorry but Billie Eilish is not talented. Unless you consider whispering a talent.
So you don’t find anything wrong with Bond sitting Bitch on a scooter……..
Glad to see these classic reviews back!! Thanks Chris!
Bro I’m sorry but quit talking about politics. The people running movies have no clue what they’re talking about when it comes to social issues and you act like they do. You’re the same one who liked The Last Jedi take on politics…
i think it worst 007 film of all time. its boring and exremly predictable. it just nothing of hihlights for me
I just want to say ...... that is a fucking amazing shirt !!!!!!
Chris Stuckmann is upset about people who were upset about Daniel Craig's blue eyes! and now I am upset with people who are upset with people who are upset about Daniel Craig's blue eyes! People are CrAzY!
Hearing Chris say nice things about this movie not only made me smile throughout but it kinda teared me up. I can't wait to see this in theaters this weekend.
At last, a real and measured review! I thought it was great as well. Nothing felt shoehorned in. Satisfying end to DCs run.
Hope you do a spoiler review, this James Bond has meant so much to me so it’s sad that his story is over now. I’m grateful for the memories
Did they dedicate this one to Sean Connery? If not, they SHOULD have!
I’m curious what rating Chris would have given this film.
Just give me a woke rating. How woke is this money out of 10?
Awesome video Chris! It doesn't matter what you call your videos. We just want to hear you talk about the movies we love!
Fantastic shirt.
I want that shirt!
I am the first one to comment! :D
Dude. Do a full review for Shang chi.
They set up the bad guy well in the first half of the movie by having him outmaneuver everyone, but there was almost no payoff for me in terms of his character. Very weak and uninteresting villain who was completely overshadowed by a stellar 5 minute performance from the previous movies villain.
I think he gave this movie a B
Do Venom 2 next!
"People are weird, Man!" - Chris Stuckmann 2021
Nice review Chris. Personally, I have seen it twice and loved it. I would probably put it just above Skyfall because the emotional impacts of the film. Other than that my ranking would be the same. It is just  great bond film. So go and enjoy it ;)
Dude. Her song sucks. Garbage’s was so much better
THANK YOU. Such an amazing experience
Rewatching Casino Royale as a 30 year old made me understand Le Chiffre's desperation to get out of debt.
Chris you are a fool and clearly don't give one crap about what people think who have other opinions. "Because she's a woman"? Come on man, you can't be serious with that crap... at least TRY to understand. Your liberal opinions are complete garbage. Unsubscribed.
Blame the misleading wokey trailer for all the backlash and commercial damage to the film, those poephols should get fired.
You don't understand why people criticize Pheobe Waller Bridge? 🙄
That Metroid t-shirt is amazing
15 years of Craig as bond.
someone’s excited for dread
If this movie was done by Netflix, we would see a lot of scenes where new female agent would make fun of Bond and he would be shown as a lesser agent. That being said, all the controversy with black female 007 turned out to be so unnecessary, because she is definitely shown as less experienced, rather rookie agent in comparison to Bond who's a bad-ass veteran.
Rami Malek is never going to top is Mr Robot performance!
Well, for a moment I doubted your existence
SEES THE THUMBNAIL. Uh-oh. You don't look happy Chris.
The movie started on such a strong note but I was let down by the ending. Almost to the degree of making me not want to watch the other Craig era Bond movies.  Daniel Craig does an awesome job and Bond's character development goes beyond anything that's come before.  Raimi Malek gives a chilling performance in his scene with Lea Seydoux but his character is sadly under developed. Lashana Lynch delivers on the role but like Malek, she's not given enough to work with. We never see why she deserves to be a Double 0.  And with respect to Chris, this movie definitely has things that were put in for the sake of putting them in. This movie doesn't need to be 2h43m long.
Best bond of all time? You must have started watching the Bond movies with Casino lol.
Still think Quantum is better than Spectre. It was ...boring...but Spectre was outright stupid. Plus I came to realise that out of all Craig Bond Movies, Quantum is the one with the least insane plot. Its a bout an evil cooperation trying to steal land and privatise a countries water recourse.  Like...thats literally what Nestle tried in real life
The whole "controversy" about this movie is the fact that the director and the marketing were actively trying to sabotage their own movie just to get some brownie points when the movie itself is nowhere near as bad as they said it was going to be regarding the metoo/feminist pandering stuff. As you can see in the trailers, where they show Bond getting talked down to by the new 007 constantly but in the movie Bond takes a jab at her a few times as well and in the end they learn to respect one another.
That Metroid Dread shirt is 🔥
I’m a fan of bond and bourne but you have to admit this version of bond stole a lot from bourne
Where did you get that awesome Metroid shirt? Anyone have a link for it?
I need to watch this film again a couple of times but early impressions are this might even be better than Casino Royale (which before this I would rate as the best Bond film ever).  Though I still think Craig is probably the worst Bond. He's made the best Bond films but he doesn't embody the character well at all. Though with1 notable exception all his films have been good and he has the very best Bond film.  Brosnan would be the opposite in every way. Embodies the Bond character better than anyone. Though, but for 1 notable exception, has made terrible films and the very worst Bond film (Die another day)...
Black Eye Chris??
People criticize Billie eyelash for her ridiculous and immoral political statements, but good job purposely missing that point. Probably shouldn't have even mentioned it.
it’s daniel craig not daniel creg😂
Seeing it tomorrow and glad you liked it!
This is a great end to Bond
I like how he tricked us with the thumbnail. A disappointed/confused face, but a glowing review lol.
Great review, im seeing it tonight in IMAX!! Can't wait to see Chris's review of Dune in a couple weeks.
Chris we are waiting for your review on Dune ✌️
I'm seeing No Time to Die tonight, its going to be awesome!
Movie Review written in front of Chris stuckmann is something I've waited for so longggg his reviews are always respectful and never in bad taste he should continue this
Correction: THE ROCK is Sean Connery's last Bond film 😉
I know Chris is trying to avoid trash talking movies out of respect to the people involved with making movies and I completely understand that the process of making a film is hard but it's movie reviews that reminds us that there are great movies that deserve to be remembered, there are bad movies and then there are movies that shouldn't have never been made. I respect any kind of movie that at least try there best, even if its not what you'd expect.
Here's my ranking of Daniel Craig movies: Casino Royale A+ Quantum Of Solace B- Skyfall A Spectre C+ No Time To Die A-
This is the Cary Joji Fukunaga appreciation post . From producing arguably the greatest season of television with True Detective S1 along with Netflix's most unique show yet with Maniac ,I am really glad that he was just given a stupid budget of 300 mil to make the best possible film that he could.   I am really happy for him and am so grateful for what he brings to the current slate of filmmaking.
Rating? :D
I saw this it was really fun to see on the big screen. Agree with the rankings at the end. I've also been able to see Dune, on IMAX actually and that was real movie magic for me looking forward hearing your thoughts
Gotta say, I love the room set up.
Cary Joji Fukunaga (maybe spelt wrong sorry) is the guy who directed the first season of True Detective, he was behind the camera on many of the episodes of that first incredible season and that show too is shot in a mesmerizing fashion. I'm really pumped to see how he handles more fast paced action and story elements in a Bond movie which is much different than True Detective which plays like a novel adapted into an 8 hour long movie,
Finally, Chris Stuckmann give a review for No Time To Die. Glad if you like the movie.
My ranking of the best Bond films : 1- Casino Royal ( Best villain ) 2-Skyfall ( Best Action Sequences ) 3-No time to die ( best ending ) 4-Spectre (Still boring but has a great action scenes ) 5-Quantum of Solace ( Boring and the weakest of them )
Although I love Ana de Armas and she was good in the movie, I really wished Felix was in that mission with bond, it would have been really cool to see bond and felix on an actual mission together and it would make the following events more impact full. Movies need to be efficient, I think they just added Ana de Armas because she is really popular right now, it felt forced.  On the other hand she looked stunning! Easily one of the best eye candy bond girls from the past years
Loved this review, any review that you get personal with like this one always has a great extra a layer of heart to it.
That's a B- in the end
Loved your review, keep em coming.
Anna De Armas is a goddess 😍
Chicken Noodle Soup Vitamin C Green Tea with honey and lots of water sleep…..you should be up and running in no time!
“It’s because she’s a woman”  Clearly Chris doesn’t get the history of James Bond, the genre it’s centered on - and who the character is (his archetype).  Yes things can change with time. But people also have a right to not like when Hollywood is undoing character / genres for empty & hollow reasons.  Bond is also a cultural icon to the English. To me Idris Elba is a good example. Anyone outraged at him being Bond are idiots and can pound sand. Bond is a British male and there isn’t a more perfect choice for the original archetype than Elba. Skin color should not matter, especially when it’s actually very representative of the diversity of modern England.  Bond is not a woman tho. And yes Bond’s gender is a major aspect to who the character is, and what the genre of the film is. And there is nothing wrong with that.  Not all films need to be for everyone. The same way Moonlight should never be changed- because its about the experiences of a specific race and their struggles with their identity inside of the culture.  The left is always telling people to respect cultures and to not change things that important to those cultures. Yet people are not allowed to feel that way about Bond.  I get for many people in the West they only see Bond as a casual movie property and don’t care to understand the property that Ian Fleming made. But it is an institution and it does matter culturally to a lot of people.  Hollywood doesn’t give a sh** about this and you are fooling yourselves if you think they do things for righteousness and the goodness of their heart.  Edit: yes Bond’s gender is actually important to the character and the genre of the films. Which is why I said the outrage behind Elba was legitimately ridiculous. Because Skin color IS NOT pivotal to the character and never was.  I also know the new film isn’t about a female James Bond. Just addressing Stuckman’s throwaway nod implying all criticism is because of people being discriminatory. I don’t think he fully gets it and there is legit criticism to how the property is being handled (or rather worry over what the people running it are saying).
Haven't watched or read a single review about new Bond due to waiting for Chris's review.
Why do yanks pronounce Craig as Cregg.
No Venom 2 review?
I enjoy Chris' positivity.
I just want a course correction from Spectre. That one made some terrible missteps to the Daniel Craig saga...especially Blofeld. There was a lot of dumb, lazy plotting that undone some of the impact from Skyfall.
Ah but Chris, you see the problem is the internet hates women lol.
The problem wasn't that a "woman" wrote this... it's that they were constantly talking about how James Bond and his "toxic masculinity" needs to be addressed and how this character & the movies need to "stick with the times" and have more "diversity and inclusion" and whatnot. Yeah sorry, but rhetoric like that is a MAJOR red flag and the mere fact that this is what these writers prioritized rightly left a bad taste in people's mouth. I don't want to watch a Bond movie to be reminded for the millionth time that men are toxic and that masculinity is evil and that somehow, Bond's "playboy" behavior is part of the patriarchy. I honestly can't believe you think these messages are "genuine". Granted, I haven't seen the movie, so I'm hoping that the immense backlash was enough for them to get rid of these insane messages and simply make a GOOD MOVIE. But you make it seem like people were just flipping out for no reason. I'm sure if a director talked about something as insane as "white genocide" and was making a movie about race relations, you wouldn't be saying "well, just give them a chance". Once you delve into these radical (in this case, anti-male) ideologies, people have every right to be concerned. The fact that the movie ended up being fine or "genuine", is not an argument against the valid backlash beforehand. Especially when that backlash might have been the reason why they changed certain elements of the story.   Concerning the Lashana Lynch "controversy"... at the very beginning it was literally reported that they were seeking to replace the JAMES BOND character with a black female, for purely diversity's sake. THAT is what people objected to. Later on they changed it to her taking over the "007" role, which I personally don't have a problem with as it makes narrative sense for a new person to take that mantle... but let's not pretend like her being a black woman wasn't a highly deliberate creative choice to score social brownie points, b/c it obviously was. And if her character doesn't end up constantly downplaying Bond in the film, then I'm happy... b/c some of the early trailers really made it out to seem like she was just there to emasculate Bond and look down on him. A typical trope that Hollywood has employed for decades to arbitrarily represent female characters as "strong & independent", when they just come across as b*tchy and annoying.  Honestly though... I didn't even think of this whole "woke Bond" controversy b/c all that uproar literally happened almost two years ago. So I wouldn't even have thought about it going into this movie. The fact that you felt the need to properly address this, ironically puts me off more than anything... as I'm basically just hearing "well yeah, it's all in there, but they did it in a good way". Sorry, but I don't believe you can force the idea that masculinity is toxic down my throat "in a genuine way". Stuff like that has absolutely NO place in a Bond movie, especially not when it has always catered to a predominately male audience. Women are literally NEVER being lectured or insulted as a gender in movies. Anyone who disagrees, just name me ONE example that isn't a 100 year old movie. So why do these execs expect men to put up with this nonsense? I'm not saying I want women to be insulted. I'm saying I'm tired of going to see movies to be reminded of asinine politics beliefs that I absolutely do not subscribe to.
Hope you get better!
Anyone agrees Chris should make the odd negative review?
People are weird? Yup you also weird for giving Malignant good score.
metroid
„My thougst on *Movie name*“ Not That Hard Chris
You should be getting over a tanning bed damn your snow white
Well said Chris! 👏🏼
I respect Craigs Bond and overall he was pretty good in the role he will never be my personal favorite that's Brosnan to me (and no I'm not talking quality of the movies they were in just strictly their performance in the role) as for the movies Quantum and Spectre were awful the rest were really good
Having seen the film I have to disagree. This isn't me being "Outraged" this is me as a lifelong fan of the franchise having legit criticism of the anti-man narrative strewn throughout this film. This wasn't just Craig's final Bond film this is pretty much the death of the franchise, the direction they were pushing for is the EXACT same thing they have been shoving into great established franchises over this past decade. *Gender politics* & that has no place in a Bond movie. But that didn't stop the whole I don't need no man trash that was the Kanye West in drag looking chick in this movie. She legit has Bond riding bltch on a scooter & it was cringe as hell.
I really didn't like this one. Watching Casino Royale in the same day just had me saying to myself "what have they done to this character and franchise..." Night and day in the worst way.
Hey Chris how is Shelby oaks going?
okay chris but where did you get that shirt
I really dig this movie until the end.
I know everyone else is already talking about it but I would LOVE to see you make a review or talk about Squid Game
The way they marketed the film is not good... it's super obvious they were pandering with the trailer, so that part should not be excused, and it's obvious they saw the backlash from audiences and had enough time to "fix" the movie somewhat, that's why it's not as blatantly woke.  And I disagree that it doesn't matter that the 007 number is not being respected... it's like Luke throwing the lightsaber, it's central to the character.
The single most annoying movie reviewer of all time... yet I want to know the review of this movie as I'll see it tomorrow
Chris, would love to know your thoughts on The Green Knight - think you'll find it pretty mesmerising if you haven't seen it already 💚
If I take my dad who has forgotten the other Craig films, what does he need to know before this
Metroid Dread and No Time To Die . . . guess I’m not going to get a lot of chores done this weekend.
Hated the ending! Thought it was pretty disgraceful. Decent film but I had a lot of issues with it. CR and Skyfall were his absolute peak.
Your casino royal review is one of my favorites.
Ayyye dat shirt! Right when Metroid Dread dropped
Chris, theatres were still around during the pandemic.. you were just too lazy or scared to go. Oh I’ll just watch a theatrical movie at home in fear of getting a certain virus. Come on, you are a reviewer. How can you not want to see something on the big screen. Its not the same at home, first impressions of a film are best in the cinema!
appreciate the metroid shirt ;)
Wait, I thought Chris didn’t do reviews anymore
People had a problem with Phoebe Waller Bridge because she is that type of writer who pushes things or inserts stuff that isn't needed to exist in the first place. There have been female Bond movie writers since the 60s, rather ignorant to boil it down to "oh they don't like her cuz woman"
Definitely not my favourite of Craig's Bond films (Casino Royale and Skyfall are still way better), but I thought this was a very strong film, and a great conclusion to this era of the series. The action was spectacular and intense, the script had a great witty sense of humour (courtesy of Phoebe Waller-Bridge no doubt), the music was gorgeous, and the performances were all excellent. It has its share of issues, the villain is rather weak and suffers from confusing motivations, and the extended runtime does mean that the pacing does drag in a few places (especially during the middle). That said, it's still a fun ride on the whole, and a very fitting finale for Daniel Craig, who has definitely done a fantastic job in the role over the last 15 years. To quote M in the film (albeit much less tersely than he says it): "you've done your bit, and we thank you for your service."
Another James Bond review, which means it just another review for how much Chris loves Casino Royale
CRAIG IS THE BEST BOND FOR SURE
daniel craig is a cold fish and has all the appeal of a dead fish
i was excited to watch it. But I'm over hyped now after this review.
It was not a bad movie but a bit too long. Felt like 4 movies in one and got tired in the end of it
I thought he would stop making these reviews.
The action scenes of this movie were entertaining as hell. But the rest, was not great. Ana de Armas would have been a way better 007 for me
Good character arc for craigs bond.
Your the only person that says Lynch was good
I love that the Craig Bond movies all link. Even "Quantum of Solace", which is definitely a convoluted mess of a movie, features that amazing opera sequence that links in to Casino Royale. Brilliant! Looking forward to this one. Thanks, Chris, for talking the love of film (in theatres, specifically) amidst your filmmaking schedule!
I didn't realize Sean Connery never played Bond. If daniel craig is the best then Sean doesn't exist...
I only September, this year saw the 4 movies before no time to die, thinking bond would be boring but oh boy Casino Royale proved me wrong, Skyfall and spectre were also enjoyable. So thought might as well end Craigs bond at the cinema and oh boy the movie was enjoyable as hell. Very long, but like Chris said satisfying ending indeed.
Are you going to review Metroid dread?
Anti SJW culture is becoming more toxic imo. People really need to set aside personal politics when they watch a movie.
I unsubscribed on your Phoebe Waller comments. You know exactly why people were worried about and it's not because she is a woman. Ridiculous.
A trash movie will always be trash! Save your money and watch it on stream. The one without payment!!
i wonder if there was any outrage when Judi Dench was cast as M back in the day?
I think i liked the old intro more, just saying. This one sound corny.
Great film , its the fact that bond sacrificed himself at the end made it for me
You have the channal about reviews of movies
Soyboy review...
I just didn't enjoy this one cause of how it treated some of its story bits but there's no doubt that it's direction was pretty amazing and also Daniel Craig is basically perfect IGN did a good review on it  But all of that aside can you please talk about the movie and it's story a bit more and not about its controversies or whatever Keep up the work
Im for sure getting an IMAX ticket for this weekend.
Nobody was upset about her for simply being a woman. Come on, Chris, are you that woke? You know why.
Daniel Craig's Bond retired about as often as Rowdy Roddy Piper!
Will u do a hillacrocity review of Ghostbuster [2016]¿?
007 - It's Time To Die
I gotta say it just feels good to see Chris doing a big movie review, I was really curious what he thought of NTTD. Here’s hoping he’s does a Dune review which was quite the theater experience!
Like James Bond in the end I had a blast and was blown away and cried
It's a good movie. Rami Malek was underutilised and Safin was underwritten.
Fabulous review Chris, as always 👍👍👍👍
Halloween and James Bond brought Chris back baby
Should i watch this in 2D or 3D
Eh, Chris... After praising those shitty as hell SW sequels ( he was right only about Ep 9 ), this guy lost most of his credibility 👎
Can u do squid game?
Good movie indeed.
No bias then
The reason people don't like Phoebe Waller Bridge is because she's super woke. Every movie she writes must have some stupid woke message shoved down our throats. Whether that's feminism, lgtbq, BLM. We watch movies to escape the real world into fantasy. We don't want to hear about your stupid politics. Just show us a good story, good characters and awesome action. Get politics out of our films. Whether it's from the left or right
Seeing it tonight. Looking forward to it!
Ever notice when Chris is sick he swears more and has a bit of a snarky side to him?
billie eilish is a young successful and talented girl and people hate to see it. same with phoebe waller bridge, she's a hilarious and talented writer and also a woman
James Bond has a daughter and dies of a virus. Puss alarma!!
Terrible theme song that instantly killed the vibe, awful limp wristed villain that had no impact whatsoever and the most average actions scenes since Robocop 3,  none of which really stood out. Craig was awesome though
Stuckman, you need to be in bed.  It's like a scene from the walking dead.
This movie was much much MUCH better than I thought it would be
I'm not a huge fan of the Daniel Craig 007 movies.  I'm looking forward to a fresh start.  I feel that a good Bond movie sits somewhere between silly Rodger Moore and depressing Daniel Craig.
1. Henry Cavill 2. Tom Hardy 3. Charlie Hunnam  Which one would you guys pick for the next James Bond?
The movie was fine until the end. Felt like a pretty lame ass way to send off Daniel Craig.
I didn't like like it. I does look gorgeous and there's clearly a lot of talent behind it and on screen, but it wasn't for me, at least for now. Maybe I'll watch it again some other time and really appreciate it.They developed the character so much and the stakes ended up being so high for the finale that, at the end, I felt like I wasn't watching Bond anymore. He grew to the point that he became a different person for me. I personally prefer the more light-hearted Bond films were nothing is taken too seriously and he just continues to be a case of someone enjoying the moment while doing impressive things protecting his country almost inadvertedly.
I'm so happy Craig at least got one good opening gunbarrel sequence before going out
1. Skyfall 2. Casino Royale 3. Spectre 4. No time to Die 5. Quantum of Solace  End of an era. Goodbye Craig Bond. 💔
I hope when they probably reboot bond on a few years that they start with bond at the academy as a young man
Normally I take movie critics' opinions with a grain of salt and I usually think their praise or hatred for a movie is out of bias but with Chris, I feel like I can trust him. He never says something just be politically correct or forms his opinions solely on public perception and it makes him seem so much more real than other critics.
Chris’s Face says it all 🤣
Skyfall is my favorite Bond movie by far. But I’m looking forward to this one!
Chris’s thumbnails always kill me lmao
I'm looking forward to this but I will still just watch it at my house. Sorry theater peeps that time has come and gone.
Why no green knight review. Best movie this year
Sounds like an A.
People didn't get upset because the writer they brought in was a woman, they got upset because she's a shit writer who wanted to SJW the crap out of the film. Stop twisting things, Chris.  Apparently it's not as bad as folks thought it'd be, so that's good at least.
So happy this movie turned out great. CR and Skyfall are still better but it’s a really satisfying ending to the Daniel Craig era
Chris is not denying that there is a political message being shoved down one’s throat, he is just implying they are very good at it. I don’t need to give them my money to have an opinion about a movie I already know I’m not going to enjoy. I think Hollywood needs to divorce politics from storytelling already, especially in franchises we have enjoyed for decades, that are so dear to us and where those messages don’t belong.
"People Are Weird" - Chris Stuckmann
So no small movie review today
No rating?
Thanks bro
Prediction: The next film will be called “007” which will “reimagine” the role *without* James Bond.
They don't care about the messages but they care about you caring about those messages
Worst film of the Craig era. Not the worst Bond film, but certainly the most disappointing. Underdeveloped and slow paced. First act is amazing, but as soon as Paloma (Ana De Armas’ character) departs the film, it all does downhill for me.
007 DIES...what the hell??? Is the franchise over? If the next 007 is a man, what would be is name? James Bond? Really???
she's woman? nooo she's a black woman
People who think NTTD is the worst Bond movie, below let's see, Diamonds Are Forever, A View To A Kill, Never Say Never Again, and Die Another Day, are straight up clowns.
Bond deserved a happy ending. Or at least an ambiguous one. Maybe some hope for getting the nanobots out. Not submitting to death. It's tough to see an iconic character and a great adaptation of him we've known since 2006 getting vaporized. I know Daniel Craig's Bond has a happy ending in Spectre and his Bond pretty much lives an almost always tragic life, but again, to see him vaporized with no possibility of survival, and not getting the chance to have a family, it's tough. Not to mention this should have been the film remembered as the one where Bond has a family, not the one where Bond dies. It's the first Bond film you walk out feeling actually sad. Yes Vesper and M's deaths were sad but something happened after that that got you pumped and feeling happy again. Seeing Madeleine and her daughter driving in the V8 to Louis Amstrong's We Have All The Time In The World whilst Madeleine begins to tell her daughter a story about a man named Bond, James Bond, doesn't get you pumped. It all makes it hard to rewatch this 90% good and entertaining movie, knowing how it ends.
Never really warmed to Craig....completely different take on Moore and Connery
I grew up to James Bond.
This movie made me hate all women and people of color
I think Chris is probably just processing Titane before reviewing. don’t worry guys be patient.
Craig performed the ultimate mission: he outlived the Bourne impact.
I see that Metroid shirt and I know why you have it on. C:
I honestly feel the movie was very average,Had too much hope for Rami Malek
Finally we get a solid movie with real sets and real action into theaters!
It’s great to see that you still do reviews on occasion 😊
I saw this movie last weekend and seeing your reaction is the only thing I was thinking of
Can't wait to see this movie! I've been back to the cinema twice over the past few weeks, to see 'Shang-Chi' and 'Dune' (it's already out here in Germany). Looking forward to seeing your take on the latter of those two ...
I wish they could've use more of Christoph Waltz as the main Bond villain in this movie working together with Rami Malek's character, that would've been really damn cool
Speaking of "Carnage" Chris, don't waste your time on that movie
Halloween Kills is gonna be the first Halloween movie I see in the theaters with my parents and sister
I have no issue with the 007 rank going to someone else but let Bond be his own character, "James Bond" isn'tthe codename, 007 is. That's what they did here and it works.
Would you rather Hollywood reboot, do another Casino Royals and adapt the books in order…  Or invent a new British agent called Bond and create original stories based on the idea of what he would be if invented today?
So glad to hear this movie is good! I'm planning to go see it with my brothers this Sunday!
Stuckmann is back  🙂 my boy
This is such an awesome sweet review. Chris basically recaps what he thinks about all the movies and this is Less of a No time to die review but a daniel Craig bond descussion. I loved it
That thumbnail really made me have second thoughts but I'm super you enjoyed this movie.
Kind of glad they got Phoebe Waller-Bridge as co-writer because she’s the creator of Killing Eve, which is about an assassin and an MI6, so it makes sense to me.
I’m seeing it later today, and I’m super excited!!! I’ve been waiting for this movie for years, and I can’t wait to finally see Daniel Craig’s final outing as Bond in NTTD!
Daniel Craig the best Bond.................     I  Think  Not.
Someone is playing metroid dread this weekend
From the thumbnail I was expecting a c or something. I agree so many people get mad at a movie before seeing it now people get mad at a movie before a damn trailer.
I also love _License to Kill._
No Time to FoxDie!
YOU LOOK TERRIBLE.
Alternate title: No time to be sick
While I found the movie really great, I thought the villain really sucked. I just didn't really get what his motivations were outside of "typical bad guy doing bad guy stuff"
I'm starting to think Chris lost the movie or the movie job. He's slowly getting back to reviews
Craig’s still the second best Bond after Connery for me. Can’t wait to see him in this and Knives Out 2.
Loving the Metroid shirt. Super excited for tomorrow
Had the same weird cinema feeling when I saw Dune, blew me away on every level plus the added surreal feeling of seeing it in an actual movie theater. Looking forward to your thoughts on it
Will you be reviewing squids game? Or visions?
I'm surprised he did a whole separate video on no time to die, that means its actuslly go6os lol
I fell asleep 3-4 times watching this in the cinema. That has never happened to me before. 🙄 They've copied a lot from MGS with the nano machines and the missile strike death.
Metroid Dread review when?
Are you doing a review with spoilers?
Can’t wait to see this movie. BTW, your voice sounded fine, despite you getting better from being sick. Hope you feel 100% better soon.
Of course they will choose a black woman as 007, it’s the woke thing to do lol.
Where does he get those wonderful tshirts from?
No, people are not "weird" but you are clueless when it comes to politics and social engineering.
SPOILERS           I ain't ever gonna forget the feeling of leaving this film. Went with my parents and we were just sat there in tears yet grinning. Cinema init 😂
I have missed Chris so much
to me Ghostbusters 2016 was the catalyst for all this political talk around movies these days
Yes, people don't like Phoebe because she is a woman.
I agreed with everything you said. Saw an early screening out here in houston yesterday and it was amazing. That ending does have the bond community divided but it is what it is 😅 still a great conclusion no doubt!
My second favourite Bond film after Casino Royale. Loved it.
Can you please do a Squid Game review??....i am sure you will love that series.
This film kicks ass. It's messy but it's damn good. Craig definitely has the best Bond run
Wait why is there no grade for the film?
My Son went to see it last week and he wants a refund !!  Boring and uninteresting !! I'm sorry Chris but I beg to differ !!
Such a good movie..and a great ending to Craig as Bond
On her Majesty's secrest service is also a very good end to a Bond actor LOL. I mean that movie was the beging and end for George Lazenby Bond. It is one of my favorites. Probably in top 3 with Casino Royal and Goldfinger.
Finally no more Daniel Creig as Bond. It was hard for me to even finish one movie with him.
Venom Review?
Day number 4 of asking Chris to review The Jacket (2005) for his Halloween special.
Man, I know Chris doesn’t like shitting on movies, but tbh, that’s where the entertainment value lies for me personally, seeing him praise films is nice to see, you can see his passion and love for film making, but to have a good laugh while critiquing a movie, that’s where the negative reviews come in to play, they have a lot of funny moments and make for good entertainment, I miss them quite a bit. I understand his motive for ditching them, but my god I miss them.
Thank god they didn't screw it up.
I loved how many details/plot points/loose ends from Spectre got cleared/tied up. Then cried at the end. I grew up watching Daniel Craig as 007, so hit me in the feels
Still waiting for Loki and Let there be carnage review of Chris ❤
I like how Idris Elba troll all the anti sjw and had them thinking that he was going to be the new Bond. This is the second time that has happened the first time was when the anti sjw cried a river of tears when they thought he was going to be Thor.
I don’t usually care so much about bond films… but I really liked Daniel Craig as James Bond. I bought all Craig’s bond films up to this date and I’m itching to buy this one, even before I’ve seen it.
Thank you for this review!!
I thought he stopped reviewing movies
Main thing i got from this review: people are weird
I get what u r saying. There are alot movies, episodes surrounding racism that came out this year. In fact i knew this would happen. I dont know whether it was for good intentions or for the money
Haha wonderful
No worries brother im almost over this bloody cold as well. 😞
It's pronounced "plandemic".
Such a disappointing film, it felt nothing like a bond film, the script was all over the place, safin was so underused and we didn’t even know what his motives were.
You getting fat, bro.
your radar is shit then.
"Kept you waiting huh?" - Solid Snake
Chris, Just upload what you want and we will watch it. Dont over think it. I love your reviews. :)
I still think Timothy Dalton was the best bond for my money but Craig was phenomenal.
Keeping it real with that Metroid shirt, t minus 1 day for Dread.
The hole having an issue with Bond's/ Daniel Craig color of eyes is kind of cute. It is silly and that is why I feel a bit nostalgic for those times. Now everybody fights over should 007 be played by a woman, but once all we need for a controversy was to have blue eyes 😅.
we need Chris' old review
"People are weird" YES
Get well soon Chris!
I would like to see Chris review older Bond movies, like the first 3 Sean Connery ones: Dr. No, From Russia With Love, and Goldfinger
Good to see you on the new movie seen again.  Love your take as always. My favorite review.
I’m so glad you said this. I felt exactly the same. It hit me in a way that I wasn’t expecting.
I’m guessing it sucked
I genuinely cried at the end of this. Very emotional for me seeing his reign come to an end.
How can Craig be someones favorite Bond?
only Quantum of Solice was worse
Best way to start the day! Always a pleasure.
3:23 I actually love never say never again and view to a kill. I think they're both very entertaining and good films.
HOLY SHIT is Stuckman actually doing more reviews?!
METROID DREAD BABY
After a watching a Bond film in a theatre be sure to ask for a Vodka Martini 🍸 at a bar
This is one those rare films that made me tear up at the end. It’s THAT good, IMO. 🥲
What pandemic?
Time to buy a new James Bond-collection when it comes out
Do I need to watch Spectre before this? Is it related?
Favourite bond of all time ? WTF
What is a "kold"?
Nice Metroid shirt Chris
where’s the squid game review?
Have you watched Dune? Look forward to your thoughts on that movie.
So glad it capped off Craig’s run so well. That makes me a lot more excited to see it and glad to also see Movie Review in the title funny enough.
that's a great Metroid Dread T-shirt
I AM SO HAPPY FOR THIS VIDEO JAJAJAJA  I’ve been watching Chris since 2015, and I got into 007 through his reviews and this video brings me absolute pure joy. Thank you Chris
This movie was the last performance for Daniel Craig as the legendary 007 agent and it was an excellent performance.  As for Rami Malek, even if Mads Mikkelsen (Le Chiffre) and Javier Bardem (Silva) delivered a stellar performance in Casino Royale and Skyfall, Rami Malek did a good performance.  For me, this movie was a great finale for the Daniel Craig era but not the best James bond movie. Nonetheless, it was a great movie. Thank you Daniel Craig for those 15 years of performance.
I need to know how I can get that Metroid tshirt
Are you going to review venom?
i've waited for this review
I unfortunately hated it. Loved the first action sequence, and that was kinda it.
Casino Royale > Skyfall  > No Time To Die > Spectre >>>>>>>>>>>> Quantum of Solace
So....whos the next Bond??
I’m not not sure why Rami Malik’s character was motivated to do what he did.
Metroid dread!
I am just hoping Christopher Nolan takes over Bond next.
I hope you get better from your cold!
It was so boring as hell, worst of all the Graig bond movies!  Felt liked sleepless in Seattle!
I enjoyed this movie, it's better than Spectre but not as good as Casino Royale and Skyfall. I think the way they ended Craig's Bond was truly satisfying for me. Gonna miss him so much as Bond
Still Can’t believe this movie really is out now , it’s insane , the movie is actually out and we’ve went through hell with this pandemic , thank god it’s out in theaters
No Time to D(iversity) I(nclusion) E(quity)  Propaganda piece meant to spread _THE MESSAGE_
I honestly found it dragged at points, thought the villain was a bit incoherent and that the action scenes felt silly. I know it is James Bond, but the film just didn’t work for me. Everyone I’ve spoken to liked it, so I am pretty willing to accept that I am in the minority
No time to die, but all the time in the world to watch Chris Stuckmann.
This channel is dying. Please keep up the good work after Halloween
Nice video but there is something up with the mic
Film : No Time To Die Bond in film : i guess it's time to die
Me about to watch a Chris Stuckmann review: “This is where the fun begins”
I saw this last night and I adored it. It’s not without it’s flaws but it’s a damn good time. My eyes were glued to the screen the whole time. I’m surprised many dislike the ending because I thought it was perfect.
I didn't even watch the movies prior and I still liked the movie
Me looks at the thumbnail    : oh boy
I know Chris doesn’t want to dunk on movies anymore but… god I wish he would review Carnage lmao
This looks like the best Bond movie of all time, it's a blessing we have it after a extended wait!
*Sees Thumbnail* oh no
I do still miss his original intro for his reviews tho NGL , like I get he’s moving on from his old intro but like the longtime fans do miss these
Hell yeah I waited for this. I didn't love the movie. It is not a movie I hate, but I definetly have issues with it, but still it is a decent goodbye to Daniel Craig 007. Edit: as always interested in your opinion 👍
So many uploads 🥳
Really glad to see this Chris!
No Time To Die reminded me too much of Avengers Endgame with the 5 years later plot, villain wanting to destroy a huge population of people, hero having a daughter & the hero’s sacrifice at the end.
Even though it was great, Casino Royale is still my absolute favorite James Bond movie
I am so happy you are reviewing this Chris! I really loved it in cinema. Yeah it has problems but man I had such a good time.
yay c:
I like to guess the rating based off his face in the thumbnail lol.
That's not a happy face.
Can't wait until your movie comes out
I thought he was done with reviews BUT IDC I MISS THESE
Not a Bond fan so I've no investment. But it's Chris Stuckmann so I'm watching anyway
Love you man hope the films going well!
All right , this is amazing , I never counted on chris to not do a review for No Time To Die , good to see you doing a review for this movie
I miss the letter grades because I'm at work and I can't just skip to the grade and watch later lol
In my opinion this film was alright, not the worst but not the best
WHERE DID YOU GET UR METROID SHIRT?????? It’s so cool
Hope your day is going well, Chris 🤙
Wait, a film review? WHAAAAT???
Plenty of time to die.
Not first
I agree with your ranking. I do think it was a weaker bond movie
I thought you were done with reviews?!? 🤔
EARLY!!!!
Still waiting on that Carnage review
Shit. Chris is killing the uploads again! At this point he’s going to go on another month break. 💀
1st
Yes 😍
Oh hi chris...
I was quite disappointed with this movie. It didn't feel exciting at all. It was just okay. :/
Hello sir!
1st
Never clicked on a movie review so fast
3
AYOOOOOO HE’S BACK WITH THE MOVIE REVIEWS??????
MOVIE REVIEWS ARE BACK??
Regular Movie reviews are back!!😭
Finally !! Bye corona
Second!
The review of this movie I’ve REALLY been looking forward to
Seeing NTTD tomorrow. Glad you liked it  (Also hope the film ends in a quote similar to Casino Royale)
Woohoo
Are you going to review Halloween 6 this year?
“I’ve been looking forward to this”
first
I was waiting for this review
He’s back!
Please make video on venom let there be Carnage, jungle cruise & Dune.
That’s a first movie review in a long time
HECK YEAH!
1
First
