Harry, the confirmed levelers of Co2 in the world is a shocking 0.04%. This is tiny, and is not an issue. If we reduce this one thing will happen. All the plant life  will die……. Unfortunately this will then end oxygen and you and me! The uk put out 1% of planetary Co2. This is 0.004% so absolutely no effect on anything. But your government taxes you and thinks you’re not educated or listening!. The planet has always changed. Cotswolds were once under an ocean. Long before man was even here. We are living on the planet that revolves around the star. This isn’t a perfect orbit. It has, and will always change. This is nothing to do with Hanses farming industry. This is science, not politics, not an agenda. This is the reality.
Gosh the world is full of people with an axe to grind that don’t consider the hypocrisy of other things they do for which there are equally compelling arguments against. I’m in my forties and I don’t think I’ll see this idiocy resolve itself in my lifetime.
what a FANTASTIC explanation very well presented and explained
Spot on Harry
would be nice if you provided a single source in the description
Since meat tastes yummy who cares about eco nonsense?
No matter how simple you make the carbon cycle and farming the eco nits and polytickians do not understand the connection between farming., Food production and nature , the limited number of brain cells they possess could not produce a spark if you banged them all together , God forbid that one day they may wake up and smell the grass❗❗😠😠😠😠😠😠
So well presented, I am an artist and paint out in the fresh air in Yorkshire. I often meet farmers in the Wolds who are always happy to talk and appreciate me listening to their issues with farming. The land is beautiful up here and is down to their hard work and husbandry. Looking at your video puts me back into the land. Learning more about farming is now an issue for me and a farmer friend regularly feeds me ‘Farmers Weekly’ which I devour with great interest. Thanks for putting it together so professionally.
I reckon the pigeons will poop on that kite ;-)
The first issue if have with this is Harry will have his own biases ( as much as i love his videos and find the farming and the cars very interesting). You can't just scale up these processes and say "it's sustainable". Sure with a world population of a billion or so people we can all eat beef (grass fed) sustainably- that's not in question. The problem is when the world's population is approaching 10 times that figure, what then if everyone eats grass fed beef? Well for starters there simply isn't enough available land to susutain that much grass fed beef so they only way you can do it is with the help of factory farms and that's where is all comes crashing down. As much as i like my beef (and meat in general) you can't get away from the problem that growing population presents when it comes to consuming meat- if anything the problem is even worse with grass fed cattle because it takes up so much more space. Plant based/ vegans certainly aren't wrong when they talk about biomass and how much more efficient it is to consume vegetables directly rather than giving them to animals and then, in turn, consuming them- in practise you can get up to 10 times more energy from a field if you grow vegetables we can eat vs grass to feed cows that we can then eat.  I never EVER see farmers talk about this glaringly obvious point, they only want to talk about small snap shots of a system and that is completely pointless. There is no point saying "ah but that's factory farming on a global scale" when your setup is even worse for the planet when it has to supply the same sorts of numbers.  The fact is most beef doesn't come from grass fed sources and if it did and we consumed similar amounts it would cause much much more chaos than eating meat already does.  The solution is to reduce population and in particular, reduce population of the heaviest consumers which ofcourse, is always us here in the West. But again, that doesn't sit well, people would much rather point the finger at poor people over the other side of the world who often don't have any access to meat at all (or fossil fuels for that matter).  Just because we all like beef, doesn't make Harry's take on things right.
Thanks for the clarification!!  Like you said Harry, the bad reputation of beef and dairy production comes mostly from those gi-normous farms in the US, Brazil, Argentina etc. stuffing their animals into tiny corrals and feeding them GMO corn and soy.  I don't want to eat a cow that has never seen, yet alone eaten grass in it's life.  On the other hand, I would like to mention using herbicides might be useful for a certain time - on the long run the weeds eventually become more and more resistant. The non-resistant weeds die - the resistant ones spread.  Sooner or later a more effective herbicide is needed - which is gladly provided by the chemical industry but often has unwanted side effects.  For many farming issues more and more smart solutions come online. Chasing pigeons away with hawks, real or fake, is indeed a smart solution.
I liked the "boat" comparison - I did miss a "U-Boat" though😁  A bit like the "gun control"-craze in the US. You are either for it or against it - no middle ground. Total lack of discussion culture and the ability to accept and respect different positions.
Great video Harry! So very well put too 👍
I love these videos; so good to see a proper rational discussion of the facts.  Until I saw this I thought I was the only one talking about the Bison and the Deer!  One thing you didn't mention - bison were a great deal heavier than our farm animals, and presumably produced more methane in proportion to weight.  That suggests that bison produced more methane in the past than current beef farming does!
It's all about the new world order and the freaks that push the narratives. Founded in selective truths that fit the narrative! Thanks for explaining the full truth, I only wish we had a media that would report the honest truth, instead of this joke called the media that only protects the narrative!
Love it, relating cattle genetics to J-class yachting is 100% the most applicable analogy and I've subscribed. Keep up the great work and thanks for sharing!
It's all lies. A global climate scam.
Our WEF masters are moving incrementally, via rewilding of rural areas and ‘concentration cities’, toward a scenario where they have sufficient control to address the real problem ~ humanity itself.  Then we will hear a lot more about the worthy goal of a maximum sustainable population of 800 million globally and the tough decisions they will bravely make on our behalf to achieve that goal.
To use an egg analogy - Global impact calculated in battery farming, actual impact calculated in local free range. Truth, probably somewhere towards the middle, depending on the methods employed, Which one is going to promote more outrage and virtue signaling? Oh yes, go with that as a headline. As a point of note, I don't like to see those battery farmed cows. Yes, UK animals are wintered indoors, and this is for health reasons. I couldn't eat beef from a lot farm, or whatever they are called. It would be like eating a battery farmed egg.
Harry for president. Not meant sarcastically or as a joke. A real gentleman and a ratinoal human being.
How many of the researchers and their tutors at universities, involved in the climate change prediction business AREN"T vegetarians? .....  its an ideology or worse. Harry, you used the word 'demonising' and that implies religion doesn't it?
The trouble is… grassland. Not forests. CO2 capture / biodiversity is going to be night and day compared to acre upon acre of grazing
The whole methane by cows alarmisim is so contrived and frankly I believe it is being pushed strategically by a very influential faction that wants to control our food choices.
Me..thane....or Meth...ane? That is the question 🤔
Beautifully presented, well done.
Good advice from a professional...
Love the rant + all the info,  very interesting,
Very informative thank you harry, I was listening to a podcast the other day and the chap was saying that grass few beef also produce less methane than grain fed, makes sense given it’s the cows natural diet.  Today I heard George Monbiot saying that all animal farming needs to end!! The guy is a raving lunatic! Ruminants are natures way of turning grass into delicious nutritious food.
Spot on! I've had the same conversation with some friends who farm on the Azores. Lots of rain, volcanic hilly terrain, grass naturally grows there. Good grass, cows love to feed on it. It makes good quality beef. No one actually feeds the cows, they just graze. And they piss, and they manure the land and their hooves air the land naturally. No one fertilizes the land, it gets naturally fertile by the grazing cows. No one waters the land, it just rains a lot over there. Without grazing, the Azores would probably be an arid, barren land!
Sadly we cannot expect the BBC Truthseekers to look much further than the end of their noses.. They never let the truth get in the way of a good story.
Stick with the  gas powered bird scarers.
This has changed my view on cattle farming. Thank you Harry
Global warming is a scam
Wonder if the bbc will do a programme about the effects of horses on the planet…….
It is Packham and co who don’t know a bull from a cow
I would assume that some hard feed needs to be fed in order to get the best prices, otherwise all cattle would be ready to market all at the same time.
Co2 usage in the farm industry should be a non topic. Sounds more like oil and gas shifting blame. It's their prolific use since the 19century that's forced up the co2 count. Media happy to keep the public misinformed
Excellent video!  Thanks Harry. 🏆
Sorry harry you are misrepresenting the point here... Methane is a much more potent Greenhouse Gas than Co2 even if it's in an enclosed cycle the act of cattle farming and outgassing of methane results in a significant contribution towards the greenhouse effect.
Great video thanks. Would duel use cattle be a viable way to reduce the impact on the environment even further?
Regarding UK meat production, I'd be much more worried about foot and mouth, mad cow, etc, etc, than any methane or any other emissions
A lot of veganism campaigners put out these incorrect messages about farming animals.  They conveniently forget that the land that is used for beef is unsuitable for growing vegetable crops that humans will eat.  So, if this land is not used for rearing animals it will become wild scrub.  Then the annual plants that grow there will rot the following winter releasing the CO2 they captured whilst they were growing.  This will be MORE CO2 than if you keep beef cattle on the land.  Why?  because the manure that cattle leave behind is more easily incorporated into the soild and more CO2 ends up locked in the soil. More CO2 in the soil means less released back into the atmosphere.
As you mentioned in the video the one thing that is always missed is what have the cattle replaced. These areas weren't barren they had animals on them before. We hear of the plight of many animals throughout the world that are now struggling to exist. Many of those animals produced tons of methane. Just think of how much methane an elephant produces and we have lost millions of them over the years. Then we come to the oceans; just how many whales have we wiped out? many were close to extinction but we are now doing all we can to bring their numbers back. But with each whales comes a great deal of methane, just think of the outcry if we suddenly said stop protecting the whales because they produce too much methane.  The problem with all these things is that people take what they want from these surveys to say what they want them to say for their own purposes. For example when we hear from groups like PETA they talk about their animal rescue service. What they don't like to be published is that according to their own records 95% of the animals they 'rescue' are euthanasiad so how are they rescuing anything?
Alright but your still killing animals just because selfish fucks cant go a day without consuming a dead animal. Nice how you left out that male calves are killed so young as well 🤪
Humans are the carbon that they are getting rid of. Sociopaths are in control with all their BS, everything coming from gov and their handlers is a lie.
Strongly agree with you. People like using part of the information and making assumptions that are just not true. I’m very interested in CO2 sequestration in different ecologies.
Thank you, Sir! Very important message here! Like everything, its not all bad, media/green partys just doesnt want to say nad show this side.
Get rid of that Range Rover and get a Fiat fart box 4+4 they would fly up that hill.
Keep going Harry,  very interesting where are food comes from and how hard it is to produce.
Dr Will Happer specializes in CO2 and has stated that total CH4 in the atmosphere has just 10% of the impact of total CO2 in the atmosphere. It is not science to cull all cattle and go vegan, it's all false science.
Agree with the vast majority of this. Media are certinly bad at seperating UK production from a global average. Yet i'd also say UK farming is bad a seperating out itself. You refer rightly to you're approach being a Rolls-Royce. As i understand it that means you are not putting fertialisers on to increase grass growth, and your not adding to the diet beyond grass at times of the year, you also mention some covercrops.  To me that's true grass-fed and opertating within the natural carring capacity of the land. However, a lot of things marketed as grass-fed don't quite do that. A lot artifically increase grass production as they are beyond carrying capacity (often with things which significant carbon costs shipped from elsehere). Same goes for dietary supliments as mentioned (althrough sometimes that can be essential). To me its unfair on people like you that those grass dominated diets get included in this idea as they are not as good. it's equally wrong to suggest that UK farming is the best it can be because of what you show is possible, but the bulk of others don't achieve.   I think we all need to get better at seperating those and supporting farmers to be more like how you describe.
none
Harry, do you know of Joel Salatin, Polllyface Farm in Va? He calls himself a grass farmer and runs cattle, hens etc all for their contribution to natural fertilisation and soil build up, the place was soil denuded when he acqired it. You mentioned your herd being organic which raises another critical differentiator between grass fed herds and CAFO animal practices, antibiotics, I'm sure yo know but I read that wthout regular ABs, CAFO  animals would effectively suffocate on a foam build up in the second stomach, it's animal abuse and then eat impoverished product, no wonder health issues are off the chart, All animals incidentally are likely to test positive for glyphosate, cattle have been found to take it up from grass, or should I say, rain, that industrial tank cleaner is a crime.  A related environmental consequence of CAFOs is animal waste, you effectively only have to deal with that in winter and I guess you spray it, CAFO slurry lakes are toxic and useless for agriculture,
You should watch this old bbc documentary, A Farm For the Future, it tells you how to make the best grass for cows so they have plenty: you have to plant 20 different types of grasses together and it creates a thick layer that is v good for the soil.
You need to publish this stuff in written format Harry. Papers etc can pick it up.
If the air is full of jet pollution, which is very high in CO2, the threat to grass-eating animals is obvious. One does not exist without the other, and nobody is banning jets at the moment.
Hear, hear. A grand job. I’ve been fascinated by your channel. I was brought up on a farm in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the 1950s and very interested in how things are done now. I discovered you from Harry’s Garage. Another passion. Great cars 👍🏻🇬🇧
Thank you for mentioning Irish cattle.
update on the kite please .....
I go out of my way to buy British, I try and get veg local and meat I pay a premium for it, but I feel better trying to support UK farmers/producers, I do hate cheap imported meat raised in massive farm complexes, using that method will give cheaper food, but for me less taste. Buy British if you can, perhaps not everyday but as often as you can.
I fail to understand why BBC programmes like Countryfile seem to be passive in face of the vegan climate brainwashing.....is it just that they prefer to say nowt and take the wages?
In UK, you are planting grass and not destructing the remained forests. Here in Brazil, the damn president and minister are giving nothing to preserve the nature.
Increasing methane emissions are a major contributor to the rising concentration of greenhouse gases in Earth's atmosphere, and are responsible for up to one-third of near-term global heating.[1][2] During 2019, about 60% (360 million tons) of methane released globally was from human activities, while natural sources contributed about 40% (230 million tons).[3][4] Reducing methane emissions by capturing and utilizing the gas can produce simultaneous environmental and economic benefits.[1][5] About one-third (33%) of anthropogenic emissions are from gas release during the extraction and delivery of fossil fuels; mostly due to gas venting and gas leaks. Animal agriculture is a similarly large source (30%); primarily because of enteric fermentation by ruminant livestock such as cattle and sheep. Human consumer waste flows, especially those passing through landfills and wastewater treatment, have grown to become a third major category (18%). Plant agriculture, including both food and biomass production, constitutes a fourth group (15%), with rice production being the largest single contributor.[1][6] The world's wetlands contribute about three-quarters (75%) of the enduring natural sources of methane.[3][4] Seepages from near-surface hydrocarbon and clathrate hydrate deposits, volcanic releases, wildfires, and termite emissions account for much of the remainder.[6] Contributions from the surviving wild populations of ruminant mammals are vastly overwhelmed by those of cattle, humans, and other livestock animals.[7]
Never seen so many stones in a field
Very informative, I have said a long time now, that the Climate Challenge is a too important issue to be handled by ignorant idealists, we need to let the brain trust to guide us, to make the correct long term decisions. Well done Harry !!
instead of getting rid of cows and beef production.. get rid off climate alarmists instead! we will save so much time in our daily lives and it will be simple and quiet just like the olden days.
If you’ll excuse the pun, this was a breath of fresh air. Really informative and made a great deal of sense. Thanks Harry and keep up the really great work.
Beef on grass is actually below carbon neutral. If the grass was left to fall to the ground the same bacteria that the cow has in its gut would do the same job in the soil create carbon dioxide and methane.
Whereabouts can I buy wheat seeds?
Loverly farm gd work.
I have to say in all of the internet and global warming existential human threat media, I’ve never seen someone lay out the facts so logically as this fellow. Well done Harry. I know you’re not looking for votes but you certainly have mine.
But I hate illegal plates - like on his Rangie and a few other cars.
Harry - we love him.  Facts rule over opinions!
Hi Harry, I live in Ireland but am out of work at the moment, are you looking for employees ATM I NEED a job? Willing to work for minimum wage and have loads of construction experience and farming. Think about it please..
Excellent !
The Dilemma is the Size of the Global Herd. Plus some Nations Australia, NZ, Brazil, Argentina want to Expand Cattle Numbers. 22 kg of CO2 is still a lot. Again it's the Total CH4 that is going into the Atmosphere that is the Dilemma. Harry Science is Also Offering New Possibilities, Alternate Possibilities to Beef, Sheep, Pigs etc. Again They are Happy looking Cattle.
This is brilliant information Harry you explained the process really well I'm not sure that Mr Gates would appreciate it though
Love the perspective...so easy to simplify to the point of stupidity, to be lazy, when the universe simply isn't simple.
You know it!!! Methane Global Warming is Bovine Flatulence!!! It’s an excuse for Politicians to squander our money foolishly.  Thanks Harry...
Harry is doing a great job. Every element of his argument is spot on. We actually did watch the programme that moved Harry to talk about the CO2 issues around beef production, and we thought at the time that the figures seemed absurd at best. Even if the CO2 contribution was the same as some of the questionable soya and palm oil production, I'd rather see that penalty resulting in classic British pasture inhabited by contented cows, giving employment to British farmers. The answer is to eat less, better quality, meat
We can't do much about CH4 from wetlands but we chose whether to consume meat or not. Raising and eating meat in general and beef in particular is just such a decadent use of land. There are so many more productive uses for the land. Shame it's so tastey .....
people seem to be losing the facts. fact is: we humans are far better at consuming meat instead of plants. maybe herbs as occasional medicine but that is it. let the plants be there for the animals!
Glad you are supporting british industry and products, not. When china takes over don't complain. I would imagine you expect the british businesses to buy your OSR and wheat.
I think rice feeds far more people for its methane, than beef. Though I understand the argument, journalists are lazy. I  used to take run off from the skips used by the council grass cutters, the skip where day old grass cuttings would steam away. The juice smelled the same as cow slurry, and my containers would bulge by the time I got them home (for my garden) I lit the gas that came off, a lovely blue flame. Presumably this happens to most lawns, and green waste, the bacteria just seem to be present. They then started to use sealed skips, probably told off by the EA
The mainstream media experts and the globalists can eat their insects and maggot burgers.
Great bit about your cattle, the trouble it doesn’t fit in with the woke agenda to demonise everything that makes Britain great. I am not sure where these people want to take the world but I suspect it is more like a Marx view, and destroy Britain
Nobody needs to eat beef, it's pointless.
What about people they fart aswell.
Beef? umm climate change? Yeah right!
Fantastic and very well said.
Yeah well, i´m not so optimistic about australian beef coming in at half the price and also being way worse for the environment than british beef. Many people say "Yeah i prefer british beef!" but too many people then actually buy the cheap stuff from overseas...
Yes absolutely sustainable. Not much that comes out of these bbc programmes has any real substance behind them.
Amazing Farm ! I have been on the Carnivore Diet for the last 5 years . It saved my life! Look up Dr Kenberry for al you meat eaters !
Where can we buy Harry's grass-fed beef?
Very interesting Harry. We were market garden farmers until the big supermarkets put us through. There are 12 million penguins, between 15 and 20 million seals, 1.5 million Wildebeest, 500.000 Zebra, 1,000,000 Reindeer, 250,000 Walrus, etc, etc, etc, all producing methane, should we perhaps cull them first. There would be uproar from the green lobby.  We enjoy your rants by the way. Lol.
Great vid... is this stuff scripted? Nice work indeed! We must keep british beef grass fed. It is infinitely better for health, we are talking serious mitigatiin of degenerative diseases like alzhimers, diabetes, heart disease etc... vs grain fed. No exports unless we have surpluses. The danger would be we start importing poorer quality beef and exporting all of our high quality beef to the rest of the world. I hope this doesn't happen. It will destroy UK population's health stats (which are already sub-par).
Well said Harry. I wish more people could be educated on this.
These are all great points and I understand you on the frustration of over-consumption and the way beef is farmed in general. There is no 'sustainable' way to farm beef while the volume of consumption and price people want to pay exists.   Whether a single grass fed farm is sustainable or not is irrlevant while large scale/factory beef farming is legal, and there are gov subsidies on beef. Factory farming needs to be banned completely, gov subsidies should be completely removed from meat (and dairy) and then, the true cost of animal farming should trickle through to consumers. I'd even go as far as to say supermarkets should also be limited on supply.  That might sound unfair/unprofitable but some people need to be priced out, meat it is too affordable considering the damage of large animal scale farming does in general, demand for cheap meat needs to be eradicated, and demand for meat overall needs to go down. There would need to be restrictions on how much grass fed you are allowed to produce otherwise scaling up grass fed to fulfill the high demand/volume we currently have would simply make it 'unsustainable' again. If it became very profitable using 'spare land' would simply give way to profit seekers making more land for beef farming so really the margins need to be quite low to keep it in check.  Of course you are much better educated on farming than some internet keyboard warrior but sadly whatever you are farming be it vegetables or animals there is going to be damage, from damaging soil quality, right up to reducing the amount of natual woodland habitats we have left. Finding the balance in this, and making it remotely profitable is extremely difficult and I admire anyone who attempts to pursue it.   Also I must add, the bit about deer is a bit of a facetious point, we hunted and killed of all their natural predators over the years because of farming so of course they are going to proliferate, chucking out a few wolves into the wild would eventually solve that issue but of course that is not a simple thing and would never happen because of farmers and people who believe in werewolves. Comparing it to artificially and selectivley breeding animals on a large scale (not you Harry, just in general) to make profit is not really a comaprison.  Full disclosure as we all have personal bias, I'm not a raving veggie but I no longer eat animals (going on 4 years now) as its not essential to sustain life, I suffered from early symptoms of heart disease (which 4 years later has now reversed!) and there is not really a logical reasoning behind it . Eating seasonally, as locally as possible, and limiting meat consumption to at most once a week will lead to a more sustainable future but I understand making that profitable for farmers with a slow government won't be easy.  Love your vids, please don't mistake this comment for hate, there needs to be more discussion and dialogue that needs to happen between the 'meat is murder' and 'bacon is life' dogma on both sides, also, on the science point, both sides of the argument will cherry pick the agenda they want to portray and the media will go out of their way to do that in order to create a headline. Just consider which industry has more money to sponsor and back these science papers though.... 👀
wait wait wait. you have 100 acres, that's 40 hectares and 40 cows on it. that's 1 cow per hectare. that is amazing. considering how much an hectare of land costs and how little you get for beef this must be difficult to justify applying modern accounting standards. I don't agree with modern accounting standards but for someone starting out as a farmer this would be impossible, no bank would give me money for an operation like this. they don't understand that buying land and working it sustainable is an eternity project. they would look at as a cost that needs to be repaid over 25 years or so. that just shows how impossible it is for farming to truly change. it's no really a business operation where anyone can participate, it's more of a being the heir of the family farm or being a millionaire with enough money to start out thing.
I really enjoyed this video, Harry. My father-inlaw grows cows on his back pasture and a few miles away here at our house. My wife and I grow our own veggies each spring/summer. The cows live with the deer, like it should be. Keep on keeping on, Harry.
Methane from cattle ( as well as from Humans) has no measurable impact on weather.  Even CO2 at less than 0.004% of the atmosphere has no measurable impact.  read studies by actual Climate Scientist and not Bill Nye the Science Guy and you will learn that there are 100s of variable effecting climate.  The largest by far appears to be solar activity.  The climate change croud are about political/cultural change - not science. Time to  grill a steak!
Couldn't the non-arable land be turned into forests or some other natural landscape that act as carbon sinks?
Don't you think that there are other things someone can bring out his little saves(money) to invest in, rather than farming.
You dont need justify your farming methods because of anything the woke BBC lied about, hardly anyone now watches their awful channels outside of the London bubble. And your absolutely correct regarding methane and beef cattle, the methane levels look after themselves with a little help from mother nature and always have done.
The climate religion is bullshit. Watermelon, green on the outside but red to the core.
Remove my beef I’ll remove you.....!
Run for Prime Minister, Harry. You’ve more experience and intelligence than 90% of people in Westminster
If every vegetarian would eat an honest piece of meat twice a week it would give a huge push to quality animal farming.
And then there is methane absorption in the soil by bacteria.
deffo carbon neutral the cows eating is like burning wood!! oh pls excuse my contribution too the methane i have wind )) gl
You should make a visual representation of this.   Have 2 jugs full of water and say the water resembles carbon emissions, With one jug take a glass out and say this is both the carbon value of the cow and any gasses released during it's life, then explain this glass goes back into the jug, no water is gained or lost in this cycle it's just moved from A to B and back. 1+0=1 and the farm can hold that.  Then explain fertilizing with the other jug as adding extra water to the jug, the jug then overflows this is where farming becomes a problem. 1+1=2 but the farm can only hold 1.  Meat, Plants, Forests, They all need to be balanced when it comes to carbon emissions.
Could not agree with you more. I’m passionate about agriculture in the UK and the general public need educating about are farming methods in general. Keep up the good work.
Generally the public dont like grants but farmers do! And they probably deserve them.
Yes the geography of the farm basically you have to work with what you are given but you can be creative. Hedges are making a comeback.! Harry plant 🌿 a tree for me.
Like the rant prefer a discussion with other farmers and experts. nice to see your land what are the stones? What is the ph of the land?
Makes a lot of sense but you  are right farming is complex. however we do have too many sheep. Also older style farming was less efficient and this is great for the eco system in fact long term slight inefficiency has many benefits. Soil has to be looked after as this is foundation for agriculture. I suspect that good soils to some extent will lower methane levels by producing excellent herbal leys.
youtube channel What I've Learned, about beef and emissions. Would be interesting to see you do a commentary of it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGG-A80Tl5g
Meal worms fart less 🤔
Well done!
Totally agree spot on. I think the real truth about what the engender is behind the Media’s and Gov on Environment change is to Tax the taxpayers Much More and to Control how people live work eat transport and so on. I am all for less waist and support uk 🇬🇧 products. Problem lies that most of the Media and Government are in the same bubble and aren’t that clued up on real life.  But it’s the MAD world we live in 😂
You are being misleading though which is what you argue against, the rice(20%) vs beef(30%) conveniently leaves out how many more people are fed via that rice production vs the beef production. So not only does rice produce more calorific food that requires less pollution from harvesting and transportation it also feeds far more people than beef. Meat as food source is fine, it's the quantity that's the issue and your farm would be a great example of another issues with it, it's a vast space used for efficiency per person fed and because people seem unable to wear condoms the issue will only get worse, its 1 of food efficiency not climate, but its easier to get folk to want to help the climate than tell them not to have so many kids, pets and steaks
God didn’t put ruminants on this earth to bloody destroy it!
When I think about this it blows my mind how lazy people can be in their thinking. I'm not on the BBC claiming to be an expert yet my small interest has taught me everything you mention here and more. These are literally people who've never done the slightest bit of genuine investigation.
sorry harry......but your kite scheme doesn't work......much like a fart in a storm....could make a decent buggy whip though
Hi! Where can i find the hawks episode???
Very interesting. Have you seen “Kiss the ground” on Netflix? Would be interesting to get your take on it. Excellent videos. I enjoy your thoroughness and intelligent approach both on the farm and in the garage.
As Paul McCartney said : If slaughterhouses had glass walls everyone would be vegetarian.
Us ?
Bison without us idiots
feedlots
methane
the mainstream info is simply being presented from a purposely skewed point of view. rice production being a case in point.
Australia’s marine aquaculture have found that if a cows diet is consisted of 1% of  seaweed it reduces how much cows Berp. But exactly the grass paddocks the cows eat and produce manure in is another main thing with this beef methane problem. And yes the media tells what they want the viewers to hear and not the actual facts. The greenys really have mad a mess and sent lots of mix messages around the the globe. But farmers like you are capable of giving the facts and tell the right story
Harry Metcalfe for PRIME MINISTER!!!
The clumsy experience multivariately nest because stopsign beverly intend on a toothsome surgeon. certain, harmonious cloth
I too got really annoyed with that programme. If the only thing a cow eats is grass then the  only source for the carbon in the methane is the CO2 that the grass absorbed during the previous year. Carbon neutral. You don't need to measure it. What comes out has to have gone in.
Really good video. I've often thought that beef farming in this country can't be as damaging as it can be in places like the USA or Brazil. After all, beef farmers in the UK aren't cutting down the Amazon rain forest to raise their cows. As ever, people with a political agenda don't like to talk about the nuances.
Being as you are a natural engineer Harry, and feel a need to communicate, you might think about sponsoring and co-supervising a few Ag engineers to do postgrads on topics of relevance to you. You know it makes sense. Love your content and style BTW.
Britain has never produced enough food to feed its population since the the late 19th century. Its used South America, Australia & New Zealand for meat and cereal crops. Then you joined the EU, gave your colonial producers away and relied on cheap EU products. UK farming today is not economical unless heavily subsidised or you produce niche market crops.
Hallelujah, well done Harry. Lovely explanation of the methane cycle there, haps you could rinse some of your media contacts and get them to give some of this perspective on country file?
missing in the debate is nutritional values. Instead of grams of product v grams of co2 perhaps it should be nutrients per gram v grams of co2. Meat is far more nutritious than cereal or vegetables
BILL GATES THE DEMON WANTS SYNTHETIC BEEF FOR THE WORLD.
Add to Harry's assertions the fact that grass-fed meat is much much healthier for you and it is definitely the right way to go.  I just wish I was in a financial position to make that choice- not to pay farmers less, but to be able to afford to pay the right price!
total UK production of just beef, has the calorific value that would feed 220 million people per year ( if all they ate was beef !!! ), if we did stop beef production, those 220 million would starve. Each 1000m2 of farmland absorbs 1 ton of CO2.Each human exhales 2.3 tons of CO2 each year. Approx 55 million people live in urban areas. So total UK agricultural area absorbs somewhere near 7 times the CO2 production of our urban population. Where might we find most opposition to the farming of beef ....... in the urban population. If we reduced the population, then demand for beef would also fall ........ Oh and as for methane, humans will emit upto 400 million litres of methane each day !!! So again less people will reduce all these problems. I don't know why the Lovely Greta hasn't proposed this. Or maybe her parents have yet to consider this
Great work Harry many thanks Si
My main gripe with the green lobby is that they just seem to be casting around, rather successfully, for reasons to get rid of cars, or just tax them a lot more, not because we should, but just because they don't like them. But they don't admit to that motivation.
Harry, when you spoke about one being able to order beef from the menu with a clear conscience, I honestly spat my coffee out. I'm in constant amazement that people talk about the environment (and healthy diets that include various meats), and never consider the unnecessary breeding and killing of the animal..  just so you can choose to eat it's corpse instead of something non-meat. Utterly bonkers how the animal's life doesn't even get a slightest bit of consideration - that's how worthless animal life is to the average meat-eater. Very sad. Reducing or stopping eating meat is, objectively, the best thing you can do for the environment (and ethically). That's not the mention the health benefits.. Just Google it and see all the various studies and reports. Most people will bury their heads in the sand and refer to videos like this instead, assuming all farms are run this way, but they truly aren't. And even the 'best' farms send an animal to be killed, we just don't see that bit because the truth is too brutal - much better to skip that to see the nice, neat packaging. No mess, no blood. I know I'm also rambling here, but we no longer need meat to survive; It's now a choice. I can't choose death when it's purely a case of my tastebuds Vs animal's life.
All animal agriculture in the uk at least actually most likely takes in more carbon than it produces due to the amount of grass it has, which is even more efficient that trees at storing carbon, also, 60% of uk farmland is pasture which can only be grazed by animals, without the animals too, the carbon cycle would not be completed, disproving the re-wilding theory
As a new subscriber I am very appreciative of your knowledge and your ability to explain and communicate that to those of us who are not farmers and only have what the media tell us to go on.  You are farming in a more natural way that respects the animals and the land as well as the customers as far as I can see and your arguments seem well thought out and reasoned. Thank you so much for helping us understand the reality of things here. God bless from Northern Ireland.
Harry this is brilliant. I always use these sorts of arguments with vegan friends. Please can you make a shorter video just with the cattle stuff to cut the first third (personally I enjoy all your videos and the changes to the farm and pigeon scaring but lots of people won't and may exit the video)...? Additionally if you have time a short video and link on your instagram so we can repost it.....  I hope your pal Jezza will go into this sort of detail on his Amazon farming programme to get the info further 'out there'
Well said, Harry!
Try the Savory Institute and soil4climate for figures on carbon sequestration figures, high density grazing definitely improve our soil carbon content very quickly in different climatic zones over three continents.  Gabe Brown also has some good videos on improving soils in crop production, also using the holistic management framework to plan production on his zero till/cover cropping system.
Is he on an easy care system?
very good report on the beef  just if your saying 30% methane for beef 20% for rice you need to say how maney people are sustained by both producs.
There are so many wise guys on the comments who think we can live of veggies grown in winter in the U.K.
Harry, thank you very much. Very informative.
Very well explained on the beef farming
Sledgehammering in a Luminor Panerai, that is the proper use of a military dive watch... Cool!
One thing you are missing, and this is misleading in the CO2 stats thrown around, the USA production of beef is based on the use of corn (maize) and this is very carbon intensive farming.  (The ethanol intitiatives in the US for transportation fuel and actually use more fossil carbon in production than is saved in the current carbon capture).  Cows eating maize, and soy are extremely flatulent, unlike grass-fed cows.  This is due to the diet, the gut flora, and the antibiotics fed to the cows to kill healthy bacteria which inhibit weight gain.  Grass fed cows are eating food they evolved to eat,  have good gut flora, are are much less flatulent.  Additionally, grass fed cows have Omega 3 fatty acids and are vitamin rich-  whereas the grain fed cows do not.   The cow in the experiment was very unlikely eating grass, rather some sort of feed-lot chow.  These are great points.    NOW if you would not use Round-Up on crops to kill them so they can be harvested sooner you would be on to something.  In the US, they are even using Round-Up on oat crops to kill them early to make for an easier harvest.  People are feeding that sh*t to their kids for breakfast.  It is a travesty.  Fittingly, Bayer bought Monsanto which makes Round-Up.  Bayer also used to sell tincture of heroin in the United States as a cure for colicky babies.  They are a blight.
Stop turning fields into housing estates. We need less people (and less houses) not less cows
I Could listen to harry ramble on about anything really.
BBC doesn't do facts
Really good presentation... Keep it up... Needs people like you talking facts and presenting in a very digest able way (forgive the pun)..
Excelent job. Unlike the media all around, a very serious aproach, honnest and well founded to the subject.
The first question to me should be « What’s the true impact of farming beef on beef? »  The second question should be: « What’s the true environmental impact of growing vegetables to feed animal to then be able to kill them and eat them instead of directly eating the vegetables? »  🌱
I think there's somewhat of a lack of understanding of the scale of land required for grass-fed beef. It's intractable to feed the world's current consumption of beef on grass alone, this leads to the suggestion that maybe it should only be reserved for the global elite.         Also, the grass land would likely still be there without cattle on it producing methane which then persists in the atmosphere for decades. The fact that there is a natural cycle doesn't negate the fact that the rate at which carbon is being drawn down is not fast enough to sustain such practices. There's no such thing as a carbon neutral cow, there being bred into existence onto grassland that would be that way (or a woodland for that matter) anyway.
Great video!
I would listen to anything Harry represents no matter what, Cars, Farming, Animals and so on, any  documentary that is.
Prime minister more like. Just an interesting articulate smart guy. He’d never make a politician unfortunately
No idea why 70 people have thumbs down this excellent piece.
Brilliant video Harry. Hope all the Anti's take note of the REAL facts.
Harry what are your thoughts on this? https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9185695/Welsh-police-threaten-fine-customers-going-farm-shop-buy-milk.html Seems to me we should be pushing more people to buy at the farm gate, not less.
It's because the powers that be want to monopolies it. Oil has gone, meat will be considered a very high priced product.
Harry is the coolest farmer I've ever seen...
We have a real media problem in the U.K. right now with how farming and beef/dairy is being portrayed in the media.  It’s getting a lot of flak for not being environmentally friendly which as Harry quite rightly points out is not true of how most beef is produced in this country.  But this issue is much deeper than that consumers genuinely believe that by not eating beef they are helping the planet, so instead they eat rice thats come on a boat from the other side of the world while watching their tv which came on a different boat from the other side of the world we need to start looking at the entire life cycle of everything we consume but as Harry quite rightly points out that doesn’t sell newspapers!
Harry mate, that batman fishing rod ain't fooling any pigeon son.
6:47, awesome. Great looking birds!   Regarding the commentary about the steep hill at 8:45, what would the breakeven period be if you were to terrace that land out by excavating the hillside into a series of stair-like, flat plateaus wide enough to fit the equipment? I imagine it could take a decade or more, but it piqued my curiosity.  9:15, "worms operating" sounds very hardcore in relation to their role on the farm. 10:15: woo, Octopus! Love it. 11:25, very gorgeous and artful photo.
I’m glad you’ve called out the bbc and this pathetic propaganda to force us all to become vegan! These types are programs are why I cancelled my tv license.
Why do so many Westerners including the Brits love to insult the Chinese made goods? Listen mate, not all of us can afford to buy Range Rovers and own acres of land and live in mansions and buy Western made goods at exorbitant prices.  If it wasn't because of the Chinese and the Koreans and the Vietnamese and the Malaysians etc, most of the Westerners wouldn't have been able to own half of the things they own.
Harry, we have been binging your videos starting from the beginning and we think you are, GREAT!!! . After watching this morning we think you need to have a slot of Country file on BBC1. Even having your own half an hour programme. We have learnt  so much about wheat yields etc from you, we feel we could run our farm ourselves, lol.  We live in the south east corner of England on the edge of Romney Marsh, spending loads of time out in the morning frost and mist as keen photographer's. Keep up your great videos and positive manner......... Caroline and Vince....
Great journalism; this should be shared far and wide.
Excellent job explaining things
Well said Harry, fed up of one sided views on media, Q-uorn is one of the most processed products on the planet nothing natural about it! I wonder if the UK used have more European Bison than the cattle it has now?
👍
It's impossible to take the pseudo intellectual eco mentalist mainstream media seriously. You can bring all the facts in the world and they aren't even interested.
Can we come to see your farm?
Wonderful explanation Harry. And British breeds of beef cattle are in commercial use across the globe, because they're efficient. Hereford, Aberdeen Angus, Sussex, Devon, Shorthorn, Highland, Dexta. Good luck getting that grain elevator out!
excellent video harry
I was brought up on a dairy farm. I miss the life but all change. Eating habits and attitudes and often so misinformed have changed too. I only eat meat about three times a week and a nice steak probably no more than ten times a year. It's just the diet I have and not a lifestyle. We're all different
One look at the spectroscopy charts for the Earth's atmosphere makes it clear that it does not matter how much CH4 or CO2 you add to the atmosphere, it will make a barely measurable difference. Treating animals well, avoiding their suffering before slaughter is what really matters.
I get my meat from two local farms, the equivalent vegan stuff comes from various EU countries as well as South Africa, very environmentally friendly. And then we have the hypocrites who think they are saving the planet by going vegan but go on two holidays a year!
Really enjoy your videos Harry.   A great insight into life on the farm.   Would you be interested in doing some specific video requests or maybe a live session with service leavers and veterans?
Thx for the rant Harry. At least there is someone out there with some sense enough to speak the truth!
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! GO VEGAN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! ITS BETTER FOR YOU AND THE PLANET !!!! REEEEEE!!!!
this kills the vegan
Environmental damage from Cattle is a bunch of B.S. Years ago there were millions of Bison roaming the U.S. China and other countries are the main culprit when you looks at everything going up into the air. plastic chemical factories pumping out tons of waste in the air.
Harry has 40 cows on 40 hectares ( = 100 acres). Beautiful land as well, seems like an ideal way to raise cattle.
You attempted to make a credible show on a big topic and the first item you had was some exponentially silly bird kites which no birds would piss on if they were on fire after the first 2 or 3 days. You really need to give some consideration as to what the hell you are trying to pass off. That said, the rest of the commentary was perfect.
I 100% agree with you Harry
Really enjoy these videos, as I lived around the area until very recently and its a case of spot the road or the land mark. On topic, I'm glad someone has tackled the BBC questionable journalism with a professional argument. Final comment, who is your cameraman Harry, they do a fantastic job? Maybe a video about how you make the videos? 👌
Off topic Harry but I’m a music producer and would love to record a drum kit in that grain shed! I can hear the reverb on your voice!
The eco fascists won’t tell the other side of the story. Great video.
Harry - a farmer's wife who is also a Professor of Entomology is researching the impact of cows (Dexter's in her case) on sequestered carbon levels in the soil.  She is studying dung beetles and similar invertebrates because grass fed ruminants also improve biodiversity enormously.  On global warming your soil has been grass for decades and so carbon levels are probably pretty stable, but if you transferred your cows to another field that was newly put down to grass the sequestered carbon would increase quite dramatically, making the whole operation (assuming no external inputs) carbon negative!
Those are some beautiful cows!
Excellent video Harry  I’m heavily involved in Regenerative agriculture and the biggest battle we face is the perception of farming created by the media. The fact is, in a perfect farming environment, cattle are an integral part of the life cycle and are necessary when looking to move away from synthetic ferts and sprays. Unfortunately that doesn’t make for sexy headlines.  I’m all for grass fed cattle used as part of a mob grazing cycle and I’m vegan!
Harry for transport minister and agriculture minister??
Sorry if I'm being stupid. But could a few trees be planted on the slope? Allowing cows to get some shade and still providing grass for feed. I'm in an area that's regularly flooded and was told if runoff areas had larger root systems it could solve loads of problems.
I agree that beef reared in the UK is much more sustainable than lots of beef reared in the USA and in Brazil. I also respect that you are rearing beef organically, which is obviously a lot better for the planet than intensive farming. However, the problem is we need to start reducing the amount of carbon in the atmosphere and the amount we are producing to meet the goals of Net Zero emissions by 2050 in the UK or by 2040 as the target set by the NFU. We are already facing the impacts of devastating climate change you look at the wildfires in California and in Australia as well as sea-level rise. Plus I know you have felt the effect of drought in the UK as well as the effect of flooding on your land.  The other problem is we are facing a growing population, and while this is not something to stress amount too much because the UN predicts it is going to level off, (read Hans Rosling's Factfullnes for more information.) You can feed more people per hectare on a plant-based diet rather than an animal-based one. So while I am not advocating for the total removal of meat and dairy products from our diets it is certainly a good idea to treat meat as a treat and try and buy more sustainable local organic beef.  When it comes to the steep ground like the ground you just mentioned surely it would be best to plant that land out with trees, this would also help reduce the effects of soil erosion, eutrophication as well as sequestering more carbon per hectare than grasslands. While it is well known that grasslands are the world's largest store of carbon, that is due to deforestation changing land that was previously forestry to grassland. Also, you said that. The steep ground that you have the beef on was always grassland, however surely originally it was woodland because been woodland. Planting forestry on the steep ground also helps reduce the effects of flooding which we know you have been affected by. Also, as I am sure you are aware there is a considerable amount of funding you can get for reforesting land.  The IPCC  (International Panel on Climate Change) also advises we reduce our consumption of meat and other animal products.  The UK climate assembly which is made up of people from all walks of life across the UK also recommends the same. As David Attenborough has made clear it essential we rewild as much of the UK as possible and that will help save us from the effects of the biodiversity crisis we are facing because we need to work with nature not against it, by planting forestry we help solve and give space for that biodiversity. You say deer in the UK is a problem and I agree because there are just too many of them and I get that they damage farmers crops and they also damage young forestry. What the ideal situation would be is to reintroduce an apex predator because that is what they are missing a natural animal to cull their numbers. While this would be largely unpractical and unpopular in large areas of UK countryside it could certainly work in National Parks where it would be great to be running National Parks for wildlife, not for farming.  It is also worth saying that methane, while it does make up a smaller percentage of global and UK greenhouse gases emissions it is still at least 20 times more potent than Carbon Dioxide. I also understand what you talk about sources of methane that a significant amount comes from food waste going to landfill (when it should be eaten or recycled) and wetlands. Of which wetlands can be amazing stores of carbon is looked after properly. Things need to be done to reduce the amount of food going to landfill because it is really not hard to recycle food waste as in done in so many counties, there are just inconsistencies across councils.  I also get this is a global problem but we still need to do our bit, especially considering the significant amount of carbon emissions the UK is responsible for compared to lower-income countries. I understand the UK in terms of our beef farming is better than the world in many ways. However, we are also worse in terms of our lifestyles produce a lot more CO2, so as a developed country we should be trying to lead the world in terms of sustainability, reforestation and dealing with climate change. With the above in mind, I am still very happy that you are farming organically for beef and lamb and I would love to hear what you have to say about this?
Well put! A suitable repost to a  very vocal minority who can manipulate statistics ("Damn lies") to their particular agenda. As a family we are already eating less meat but we are buying locally sourced food from a farm shop. We will ultimately have to pay more for our food, but eating less won't do us any harm!
This should be shown on Countryfile and a copy of the link sent to the prime minister. I'm all for change but a lot of the time we are not given ACTUAL facts....
Should the hawk kite have it's legs in the air? It looks upside down to me, but I'm not a pigeon.
Good video. Would love to get Harry's ethical view on, long haul transportation of live stock. Now we are out of the EU should we ban this practice?
What do you do about liver fluke in organic cattle? I've given my non organic ones a pour on treatment.
Wonderful, just the balance and depth that you are looking for from trusted sources, which the BBC used to exemplify, but now panders to the short sharp shock headline approach, shallow in approach and far too much spoon-feeding, both of their sources and to their audience. Harry, you're a breath of fresh air in this field as you were to automotive publishing with Evo, long may it last.
I am no expert on farming but doesn't the CO2 emissions in beef production come from the air miles of the grain (usually soya I think) that often gets fed to the livestock during winter, or am I confusing things?
Love the way that coo looked at the camera as if to say i beg your pardon you saying i farted ill come there and slap you pal
Like media and broadcasting companies in general BBC are supporting the ongoing socialist global agenda. Historically, and record shows, The Left is not trustworthy regarding the climate-issue(Al Gore anyone?). They fabricate lies and cover up truth. What these nitwits REALLY should worry...no, PANIC about, is the VAST amount of methane stored in the soil under the polar ice sheets and in the frozen Siberian Tundra... Why? Because the ice's melting and the Tundra toving with blinding speed as we speak!  'Feast to save the planet' someone said...?!
Declaration: I'm a professional environmentalist and also a veggie. But there is still a fair amount of truth in this video, despite Harry's rather grumbly tone. The problem is that the vast amount of global beef isn't farmed this way...
No one with any sense watches the BBC, its not what it used to be , its covertly pushing for a society described as communist or fascist, take your pick.
Hi Harry. Love this video, love the content and totally agree with your message here. Watching your video a second time I did notice something which may be an unintentional  mistake though. At 14:21 the screenshot shows some findings based on 100g of protein. At about 14:27 you refer to it as a 100g serving of beef. A 100g serving of beef has only 26g of protein, so the first study you referred to at 14:21 is actually talking about approx 404g of beef (=100g of protein).  I don’t think this makes a difference to your argument though and as somebody who worked on an intensive dairy farm in my younger days, I totally agree that the modern day media’s portrayal of farming, and the reality, are two very different things. Just look at the BBCs countryfile nowadays. It’s all newts and butterflies. Absolute rubbish.
Can't eat beef because of the Badger shooting, Badgers are innocent.
Fish, whatever supermarket I use to purchase my fish the label will say caught in the north Atlantic filleted and packed in China how many food miles is that I estimate 10.000 minimum miles. I know you are not particularly concerned with fish but have we got our priorities wrong when talking about the climate. Enjoy your videos love British beef. .
Harry stop watching the BBC it has it's own agenda which seems to be destroy our way of life in favour of any loud mouthed minority protester/activist.
Exposing soil, ie ploughing fields is a major cause of co2 a la Richard Perkins. Not a hill to die on. More co2 the greener the plain. Green good. Regenerative ag better than big ag.
Harry i would gladly come and shoot those pigeons for you completely free of charge Would love to meet you and talk about land rovers too Best of luck for 2021 John
Harry 10 out of 10 to you we as consumers need to told ALL THE FACTS ( like you have done in this video ) then we can decide what we want to do. All the best Wayne.
Excellent and fact filled episode.  Really great content again Harry. Thank you
How did this man become so rich ..   this is a farm for him to play with ...
I don't know why anybody watches the TV especially the BBC, absolute bollocks
Never believe a word that comes out of the BBC, ever, cancel your license fee direct debit now, don't contact them and don't talk to their 'agents', and don't look back.
Don't worry about the quality of the kite after all the Chinese invented them!  Well argued about beef production.
Harry I have to thank you. I am not a farmer (I am a film writer/producer) but I am an avid consumer of beef. As I write there is a beautiful piece of organic British topside resting in the kitchen! It's so refreshing to hear someone talking sense, complete sense, about this most demonised of industries.  I'm not adverse to a bit of Harry's Garage either!...one of your legion of fans and a local.
Well spoken, Harry!
Great insight with your experience. A landscape shaped by grassing cattle, or simply local food production, seems much more desirable than wasteland due to topography, as you have illustrated. The 'global approach' doesn't take account of local specifics nor consumer behavior (price only).  Rather than the hogwash of people throwing out the baby with the bathwater, your information throws in the specifics 'as is'. Thanks for the constant effort to relate different themes (farming, EV-charging and environnent) to the real world.  On a different note, are you planning to treat us to a third channel, "Harry Wardrobe" ??? just saying 😀
I wouldn't worry about a cow farting when there's a 3.6v8 diesel Range Rover stood behind you. 😀
What I have noticed is...... People who eat meat (ME) UNLIKE VEGANS  don't feel they have to point out the fact that THEY EAT MEAT. 🤔
it is fake bbc
Harry the BBC are not to be trusted when it comes to anything to do with the Planet. They have constantly exaggerated the effects man has had on the climate with one of the worst culprits being David Attenborough with his various "PLANET" SERIES!!  They have become so lopsided I cannot bear to watch them anymore! The BBC have refused to host a discussion programme where both sides are equally represented with a neutral chairperson who would conduct it in a grownup fashion, allowing both sides time to give their viewpoint then have a civil discussion afterwards (with or without a live audience)
Disclaimer - I know nothing about this, I'm absolutely not a scientist. To me it seems like beef is the most efficient way of getting food off that ground that can't be used for crops we consume directly (cereals, vegetables etc.). But that doesn't seem to automatically equate to it being the best option from an environmental perspective. If that land were left un-grazed, presumably it would turn to scrub, then eventually to woodland, and lock the carbon away in timber for centuries to come. Granted the same is true of land that grows cereals, but then you get back to this fundamental level of it being more efficient to eat plants directly than to run them through a cow that will need far more food to grow than it produces.
You are comparing intensive beef production to the organic free roaming beef!   I am sure everyone like to eat the organic beef!
Harry - good video.  But please note that methane and CO2 are not a problem - termites produce more than humans, and ocean cycles dwarf all land & industrial output.    All we are doing by burning fossil fuels is re-releasing CO2 which was sequestrated by early trees for hundreds of millions of years in the Carboniferious Period (fungi hadn't evolves then so the trees did not rot).  The planet has been much warmers in the recent and distant past.  Natural solar and ocean cycles.  Look at the data, and as you know, don't believe a word you hear on the BBC.
Whatever you don’t demonise the BBC. The love hate comments are not balanced. Not table thumping, where does that attitude come from? Injustice the poor getting poorer and the rich getting richer!. Don’t knock the BBC we may end up with Fox News!
52 pigeons disliked this video
Farmers use range rovers in the uk??? In africa its used by the president 😅
new subscriber, very informative, look forward to more videos
strawberries in winter not a lot of flavor strawberries in summer locally grown bueatiful
Right on Harry!!!
YOU HAVE HIT THE NAIL ON THE HEAD ,HARRY .JUST INTENSIVE ANIMAL FARMING PLEASE .
Excellent video, as you say this is always looked at as a global problem, but grass based beef producion in the UK and Ireland and other regions such as New Zealand is the most sustainable and should not be tarred with the same brush as beef production in areas such as North America
You have to look at all of the data.   Agreed.  Free range good.... massive feed lots bad...
Grass fed cattle spot on,but why didn’t you just put doors and some cladding on the shed the combine was standing in?that way if you need to hold wheat back for better price,you’ll have the space and the dresser is always going to be useful at some point ,best farming programme in UK,keep it up,cheers
I agree completely with all you say and do wonder if the BBC are being driven by some sort of (God knows what) agenda. I agree entirely what you say about the ruminants. There used to be so many animals on the planet in the recent past. Where can I buy your grass fed beef?
Where can we buy your beef Harry?
To help the Americans. Corn means any grain.
Excellent points here, I remember when a friend of mine suggested I eat fewer steaks but I live in Ireland and the quality of the organic beef there is excellent. I am not eating imported steak from who knows where which does have significant environmental impact, plus I am supporting local businesses. It's just fashionable to shun meat, but as usual, it is more nuanced.
Would love to know how we can buy some of your organic grass-fed beef.
Enjoy your  vids. Clever bloke
A fantastic evidence based explanation that all politicians need to appraise themselves of before the jump on the band-wagon of condemning beef production.  Thank you Harry.  Andrew.
Excellent, balanced and realistic point of view.  Too many stats are weighted. Lies, damned lies and statistics! Well presented Harry.
I wonder how much energy is involved in producing a quorn ‘beef’ burger? 🙈
Shame that there is a hell of a lot of us that can't afford your "Rolls Royce" of beef Harry.  That is a weakness in your argument that you didn't address.
BIGGEST IMPACT on Environment - People producing 14 children and then some more [while on welfare or when pathetically poor]. Some thought has to be given to that
Great information Harry, thanks very much for introducing some balance to what tends to be a very one sided viewpoint that is usually put out there.
Great video and very informative!  Thanks!
I agree with you Harry
There is so much misinformation and disinformation broadcast these days. It makes you wonder what the real agenda of that programme was. I got rid of my TV when I woke up to these shenanigans!
Great content as usual Harry. Your videos are like small Insightful documentary’s, very informative and interesting. Keep up the good work.
Bu8
Ireland left the UK, you lost get over it remoaner.
Harry have you seen the new collars people are using for fenceless cattle rearing? Looks great for rewilding areas of woodland.
So glad to hear someone actually talking sense!! I have been trying to explain this to friends and family for ages regarding this and it is hard going!! Thank you for trying to educate people regarding methane!
Slightly off topic. Most of the weight of a supermarket lorry's load is liquid. i.e. Drinks , a lot of it bottled water . less than 10 is dairy or meat. This does have a huge impact on fuel which, of course impacts CO2 emissions. I am a Lorry Driver who delivers to a supermarket.
I think your point about rice is partially valid, but when you account for the CO2 production per usable yield (kg), rice can feed far more people and is more accessible in developing nations, with larger populations where wetlands and climate is favourable over beef, which also has to be eaten much quicker. You also didn't mention the water use per kg. (http://www.unesco.org/new/fileadmin/MULTIMEDIA/FIELD/Venice/pdf/special_events/bozza_scheda_DOW04_1.0.pdf) 1kg of rice is equal to around 2500l of water, whereas 1kg of beef is equal to around 15,000l of water. You mentioned media relating to a 'global report' of food production, even though you mentioned rice CO2 production which isn't usually grown in the UK? I will admit, I'm glad cows in the UK are usually brought up in fields, I will leave the animal rights argument as this is the environmental topic (though interconnected). However, the transport and environmental pollution caused with food waste with meat production is another point missed, with the meat having to be kept at cold temperatures, and a lot of meat being thrown away due to its short lifespan it causes further economic and environmental damage. Methane, it still contributes the atmosphere trapping more of the suns UV rays and therefore global warming and climate change, CO2 also doesn't stay in the atmosphere forever, but it does take considerably longer for it to be re-absorbed naturally (by oceans, plants etc.). The nationalistic view of "the UK is good at growing beef" is strong, and it's tied with recent history, but the planet needs us to help stop producing carbon emissions. I.e more forests and a shift to a better and more sustainable future, building a better future for all requires less meat production/consumption - I don't mean to stop eating meat, but a shift to more plant-based meals.   I do not mean for my comment to upset, just indeed to inform people of some of the points missed in the debate. Feel free to add any other points I missed :)
The absolutely largest GHG contribution is the methane. After 100 years, it is still only reduced to 1/3rd of what it was. Even with perfect conditions, there is no way the GHG from cows goes from 150kg per 100g to 20kg per 1kg. That is 100x reduction, and knowing that the majority of the GHG is Methane, how do you stop cows from burping and farting? You don't. If we all moved from beef to pork/chicken/fish, the immediate benefit for the global warming would be massive. If we talk about a 20 year perspective, Methane is 80x more potent as GHG versus CO2, while a lot of the calculations discuss 100 years down the line. Back in the real world though, this will not happen of course. The best we can hope for is to reduce beef consumption, and replace some of it with lentils and/or beans. I love beef, but not for any cost, and currently the cost is racking up, so when we make dishes with minced meat, we now half the beef, and replace by lentils. Honestly, it is not a big loss. After a year or so, I now prefer the lentils mix actually.
This needs air time into the UK
Great video Harry. I could watch these all day. Totally agree with you on the beef.
As an experienced farmer and what seems like quite a sensible chap, it's amazing how your taking the cow fart climate effect seriously..you've still a lot to learn about global politics Harry
Harry, could you please do a video and on the effects Brexit is having on farming , i know you have the integrity to give us the good, the bad and the down right ugly.  I lay my cards on the table I’m a avid remainer, but i like to base my arguments  on empirical evidence ergo my request.
Another very interesting video Harry thank you. Also.... very happy to hear "gin palace" being used. OUTSTANDING.
I’d personally like this vid to be shown on BBC Countryfile - better than the environmental drivel they normally spout.  “Table thumping” moment - love it! Keep up the good work Harry!
Why haven’t you been snapped up by the BBC as a presenter, you’re the best thing on Utube, full stop.
Well said that man! Top work Harry. I saw a quote this week - If you don’t stand for something you will fall for anything. Too many people are so easily led by selective information that’s thrown in your face on tv without knowing the true facts.
First class Harry - very well said.
Very interesting and thank you for sharing. I am looking to get into farming myself in a few years and this is very useful.
There is a whole wiki page just for BBC controversies... need I say any more https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBC_controversies
Lovely piece of information that i highly agree with, the media does all too often use their political agenda’s as when it comes to “informing” the public, it is the same here in the netherlands and many other western nations, all the more reason to switch of the tv and watch yt channels like harry metcalf is running👍  Two points i feel would be a very nice addition to further strengthen this already great story: animal welfare is obviously greatly improved when cattle gets to roam outside in the sun eating all the right food and not being forced growing hormones , kept inside, bred for maximum growth with a relatively short lifespan and been put on farmaceuticals.. it is depressing, also for an animal. And the next point would be that the quality of the meat, taste and the nutritional value and the lack of hormones and other nasty attributes would greatly improve our own health aswell, there are so many reasons to choose for this way of  farming (think about keeping a certain degree of self sustainability , when being able to buy your meat directly from a farm knowing they are doing it the right way).  I am a real car enthousiast and often watch harry’s other channel, and just like harry’s garage this is also a yt channel with a well balanced and classy look on things.
Hi Harry...very informative...thank you. Love hearing about your farm and farming situation. Do you sell any products direct?. Cheers, Richard
People often use USA methods of farming to generate their political point of view , whereas the methods used by British farmers are already better for the environment and produce a better quality yield.
They are trying to bring out man made meat, to replace the real meat. Chemically made food is crazy. I like anything natural.
Thanks Harry for the great video 👍🏽
Excellently explained! If only people would listen and not tar all farmers with the same brush.
Great video Harry. I’ve lost a lot of respect for the BBC in their lazy reporting. It’s grass fed organic local beef in our household. Better for the environment and supports local farmers and butchers.
this should be posted everywhere , i so hate when these programs tell half the story , thanks for making this lets get it out there , well done
Proud of selectively breeding, exploiting and slaughtering sentient cows?  It's arguably unethical.  I'm not a meat eater, I don't support needless animal slaughter for food.
I get that in some European countries, the quality of beef when served in a restaurant is terrible ("like chewing shoe leather" as my gf says here in Eastern Europe). But I certainly wouldn't be eating imported Argentinian or Japanese beef that you sometimes see on menus : the carbon footprint of that stuff must be off the scale ! Though on that measure, should be in Europe be consuming new world wines ?
As usual, very informative. My thoughts on this (and I'm a beef eater, about 0.75kg per week) : Methane is much more potent than CO2 as a greenhouse gas; for the comparison with rice (20% of global methane production): rice is a staple food for about half the world's population. I doubt if beef/ diary even hits 10%; the inclusion of the benefits of the grass-carbon-capture cycle is a bit misleading : if ruminants weren't on that pasture, it wouldn't be farmed anyway (for the reasons set out at the beginning), so in a "pasture + ruminants vs pasture", the pasture cancels out and the impact of ruminants is left; if cows were to disappear, what food would replace these calories/ protein source for humans : this should be netted off the impact of cows to see their "net" detrimental ( or positive ) impact.
You can’t trust the media they’re not interested in telling the truth about anything anymore.
Man, I like Harry’s Farm almost more than Harry’s Garage...
Harry, no apology needed. Your "rant" is actually some of the best brass tacks info on sustainable farming I've ever seen.
Harry, I’m a veggie farmer in the US but I probably spend more time educating people on the merits of sustainable cattle farming than I do on organic produce. It’s so fun to hear a fellow motor head/farmer “ranting” about grass fed beef! Some pastured beef cattlemen here in the states call themselves “grass farmers”.
Hah! yes, mentioning deer. And what about all that coastal marshland that the eco terrorists keep reinstating over farmland. They produce masses of methane. When you say, 'just think', sadly that's the problem isn't it. They don't. And their diet of no beef and mega soy, isn't helping the situation.
Another way with dealing with pigeons, have them for dinner. Of course this isn't a cooking channel is it. And just imagine the reaction from the enviro'mentalists if you added hunting to the already unPC cars and cattle you carry on with. /hopes that you add hunting.
Roast beef or bloody grubs no contest.
'Bit more Rolls Royce' is the way it should be, very special occasion type stuff
Grass fed beef sequesters carbon (so all the sillies can feel good about that right), uses bugger all water (something like 98% falls free from the sky, unless you're in the outback of Australia or something) and improves the soil if you're smart about it. So bully for you Hazza, keeping an ancient British traditional alive, a deeply rooted part of 'our' culture, cattle farming. The only people truly against it are large industrial conglomerates and the astro turf zombie lobby groups whom they fund, because they've got some soy to sell you.
Very informative Harry, thanks for the factual insight.
Beef or some fungus that they turn in to a meat like substance um il take beef please
Great piece. Really informative thank you. So is the key to look for ‘grass fed’. Is that on the packaging?
It really is shameful that the BBC leaves educating people about the environment and providing a balanced view to a motoring journalist (Harry on Youtube).  I heard a radio programme Weds pm about too many trees in the Arctic, but interviewer didn't believe the mad Russian scientist and went to Oxford Uni who said actually he's not mad, you lot don't listen to scientists.  (My words, the scientist was too polite.)
Love the intro
Don’t watch BBC, run by brainwashed idiots straight from university. Harry your vids are excellent.
I like the idea of the combine which does 'everything' is going to sit on the very spot of the machinery it replaces. I never knew there was so much in it! Thanks Harry .
I never knew i'd actually be interested in this stuff, this guy should have his own TV show, i can't believe he isnt a professional presenter ? or is he ?. Great show mate, very well done. Thanks for your uploads :)
Chinese been making  flying kites for more than 5,000 years !
I say Harry, is that a 8Ib sledge. Well handled if it is.
I could not agree with what you said more. I have decided to go veggie two days a week, pescy, eat fish. thjat was after much nagging  from the media about environmental issues but did it from a health point of view. I see that normal farming practices are, in the UK at least actually fine. I run a restaurant (well did) and my beef is  from farm to plate via butcher and abbotoire a total of 25 miles. It is all pasture fed Limousin Cross and then aged. It is consistently GREAT! I can also buy huge chunks of american  beef for sunday roasts it is absolutely fine to eat but does not have those credentials.
Excellent one Harry. Very on point. Even I could understand what you're on about.
Brilliant video Harry . . Now, find me a Vegan environmentalist to seal into a lab to measure the methane coming out of their blinkered gob!!!!!
That's the shameful Biased Broadcasting Corporation for you.  What a national embarrassment it has become. Such a pity. Thankfully, the world has provided us with alternative media platforms that offer all manor of viewpoints - enter stage left the breath of fresh air that is Harry Metcalfe.
Thanks for the “clip” I live in the south west and like you but on a smaller scale have “permanent pasture” that is too wet for arable culture, in my case produce really good grass fed sheep meat, there is no realistic alternative and it must be close to carbon neutral (the abattoir is 4 miles away)
Greg Wallace is as dense as a bullocks backside
Thanks for explaining the Beef saga Harry, I usually plum forLamb  or Pork but will make it my mission to check out this Beef.
Harry - How have you found the Kites? We have huge need for something effective at scaring away wild birds on poultry farm to reduce risk of AI...
Hi Harry, think you missed a few points there? If cattle are free of worming tablets/ ivermectins, you'll get dung beetles don't get killed and can do their job of cycling cow pat carbon into the soil; if I understand correctly the actual amount of carbon that can be locked up in this way can exceed that of trees, its a really important point. Couple of other thoughts are that type of grass and pasture makes a big difference to digestion and therefore methane production and lastly, there's a bit of carbon wrapped up in silage prep and handling - moot point but a fair input to mention. Enjoyed that.
Loved the chat.
Please Harry... you are one of the greatest automotive journalists in the world and a very intelligent man. And now you are telling that cows are maybe CARBON NEUTRAL. Well they certainly are NOT global warming neutral.  Methane is a potent greenhouse gas and the second biggest contributor to human-caused global warming after CO2. Per unit of mass, methane is 84-86 times stronger than CO2 over 20 years and 28-34 times as powerful over 100 years.  Every carbon atom in methane causes  a lot more global warming than when being in a CO2 molecule. There is more catlle by weight than ALL OTHER land mammals combined. Livestock takes up nearly 80% of global agricultural land, yet produces less than 20% of the world's supply of calories. Cattle is the biggest cause of deforestation, but it feeds only very small amount of people.
Excellent video
There's more humans on the planet than cows that's an awful lot of human methane farts. 🤔 Harry's vlogs are always factual and informative.
Again the mis match of numbers with the rice and beef - the rice is feeding orders of magnitude more people. It really annoys me - I agree with Harry about ( particularly ) his method of cattle farming but misuse of the stats just harms his arguement. Also not mentioned the cows CO2 output as part of the cycle. If you are going to slag off other people's use of figures please don't do it yourself.
Harry, it is not hard for media to be factual, about co2 or anything else, they just don’t want to. Exaggerating the shifts in climate to scare serves the political agenda of those within the legacy media and, of course governments.
Say no to MONSANTO!
I don't know why it bothers me, but I wish the terminology used here was different. You can't "grow beef". Cows grow beef. Humans rear cows. Certainly, you can produce beef, but you seem to talk about beef like it is a plant crop, and that just confuses me.
I agree with the overall points in this, but there are some scientific inaccuracies. The point about grass fixing carbon is most problematic, because nearly all of that is cycling each year - grass grows, gets eaten and converted to CO2 which turns back into grass - so there is no net effect on CO2 in the atmosphere. A small amount will be locked up in the soil, but that is much much less than would be locked up if the grassland was converted to woodland. The biogenic carbon cycle is also misleading because whilst CH4 is converted back to CO2, while CH4 is in the atmosphere, it causes 28 times as much warming as CO2. It is a fair point that UK beef doesn't have any net impact on current warming because the beef herd is smaller than before, but that doesn't mean that getting rid of all beef wouldn't reduce environmental impacts.
Well done for spreading the truth. An irony that the BBC spreads more manure than farmers! This discussion needs shouting from the rooftops! My upland, premium suckler herd is out-wintered and grass fed 100%. Hay in winter comes from our conservation priority upland wildflower hay meadows. As a UK government ecologist turned farmer I can categorically say that the rare biological diversity (insects and wild flowers) of these meadows would not exist without the need to feed cattle and upland sheep. This system represents the conservation pinnacle of meat production. Low density cattle grazing is beneficial to the grasslands that make up much of temperate Europe and cows fill the ecological niche that would have been occupied by bison (European in this case) and other wild ruminants. It is simply domestic cattle replacing wild ones!  This system (and yours, Harry) is incomparable with intensive US/South American/Chinese systems, which have got out of hand and need control - they are an unsustainable abomination.  If people ate less meat, from better sources (such as those found widely in the UK), the environmental impact of high quality beef would be trivial. Far less impactful than mass soya production seen in the aforementioned countries (go look at footage of Chinese soya farms), which is never discussed and conveniently overlooked by supposedly balanced media organisation like the BBC. Unfortunately, the BBC is increasingly lazy, ill-informed and woke-tabloid biased. They never widely apologised for the '...Threat to the Planet' documentary that was criticised by Ofcom for mis-representation because once again it painted all beef production as intensive and damaging.
Very interesting Harry, I am a sustainability manager and I am regularly faced with employees and suppliers trying tell me about products where the full life cycle analysis clearly hasn't been thought through. We should focus more attention on eating quality local produce, eating smaller quantities and wasting less.
Good video Harry
Very good presentation, Harry and spot on.  Two thirds of the UK farmland is pasture land and grazing livestock are ideally suited to this land,  producing milk and meat.   Permanent pasture is little understood and considered to be inferior to arable land, however, it's ability to lock up carbon and deliver huge biodiverity in its make up is rarely appreciated.  There is no doubt pasture is vital in the carbon cycle and equally important in the nitrogen cycle.  Unintensive, grazing animals are a natural and historic part of those cycles but sadly  this is a poorly understood subject.  Keep up the good work.
Great information Harry! What breed of cattle are you keeping?
Thank you Harry for helping me to feel a bit better about my eating habits :). I could not help not to bring mathematics into into your argument about grass cattle being carbon neutral (in sense greenhouse gas neutral). Here is my back of a napkin calculation. One cattle produces ~90kg methane / year and cosumes ~3,5t hay / year. To produce that much hay we need over 6000 square meters of grass which is able to consume around 6t of CO2 per year. Thus 1 cow = - 6t CO2 + 90kg methane. So far great, but methane is ~20 more potent greenhouse gas then CO2. So then it is 1 cow = -6t + 1.8t = -4.2t CO2. Per year per cattle! That's roughly 7000 miles in your L322 TDV8 Range Rover :). Eat Harry's beef - Save planet! That does not take into account a lot of things, diesel used for hay production for winter, grass will simply not return all of the CO2 back to atmosphere etc. That said I think that your argument makes a lot of sense even under scrutiny.
Agreed that the artisanal way of raising cattle, as you refer to, is a good way to use grounds that otherwise would remain unused. But on a worldwide scale, meat / beef consumption @ western level is not sustainable for the complete world population. Beef / meat takes about 3 times as much input to create the equivalent nutritional value than vegetable food. Taking that into account, the quantity of methane per unit of nutritional value must be a lot lower for rice than for beef. So yes paddies also own 20% of methane output, but they feed a hell of a lot more people...
Thanks for the rant Harry. It made my day. Glad you pointed out 1 example of the baseless and 1 sided information broadcasted over the air these days.
Shouldn’t that seed dresser and lift not be listed due to their age?
Mr Harry, what do you do to avoid rats around your farm buildings?
The unpalatable truth. When there are too many top predators, human beings, the food chain becomes impossibly top heavy, and all the incredibly sophisticated natural cycles which produce abundance of life in all its diversity falls to pieces. But no politician dare face up to the answer to the only relevant question:- What human population figure is sustainable for any specific area of land, in our case, the U.K.?  Politicians rightly realise it would be political suicide, but hopefully this will cease to be the case and the sooner the better.
'A bit of a rant'? Please do not apologise for standing up for what you believe to be true! Unfortunately I do not think you gave yourself a sufficient opportunity to go into the detail sufficiently. Cattle are the best grazers, the best digesters of pasture. They maximise soil biodiversity which we all depend on for our future, because soil biodiversity maximises soil condition, soil fertility and carbon sequestration. And seaweed added to a pasture diet greatly reduces methane emission by cattle. The real problem is us, human beings, the top predator being too successful. Demographic pressure, overpopulation by human beings is the chief cause of global warming, dire species extinction rates, desertification, tropical forest destruction, air, sea and ground pollution,  soil loss and perhaps also the current wave of virus issues which beset us. Nobody can blame farmers for doing their best to satisfy a rapidly growing world population's protein requirements, especially when other sources are becoming increasingly scarce.
Very interesting!  The floral pasture will be great for bees too 🐝
With lockdown time  you could do some great videos on pigeon shooting. Great sport and good eating.
Worth noting the Soya fed to cattle are byproducts of human Soya consumption, so waste management and recycling rather than growing dedicated crops for animal feed.
BBC or Harry..who to trust? They should be culled themselves!
👍👍
More people need to watch this.  The root of the issue isn’t agriculture though, it’s culture.  Culture now a days is for people to find their own echo chambers and they become convinced their opinion is shared by everyone and is just and correct, they then become highly intolerant of any other stance (which is ironically completely contradictory to the liberal beliefs they claim to hold).  The empty can rattles the most.  People with their own little soap box now a days have unparalleled ability to broadcast their ramblings based on nothing but opinion and create an echo chamber of followers who just accept what they say as gospel.  History is full of highly opinionated and misinformed people and that’s fine, people are free to think and believe whatever they want.  Where we have really gone wrong as a society is mainstream media and government policy is becoming influenced by it rather than scientific fact.  Policy is geared towards painting an image and appeasing a vocal and opinionated minority while the majority shake their heads in despair.  I’m painfully aware of the irony in saying that as this very video and comments thread is exactly the kind of echo chamber I reference.  The difference here is Harry is just putting forward some facts, some view points, also asking some questions and inviting balanced discussion based on his knowledge as a farmer. I don’t agree with everything he says but do agree that the way beef is farmed in the UK is something we should be proud of (not to say there can’t be improvements).  The popular opinion and the one espoused by the media though is that we aren’t allowed to be proud of our way of life, everything we do is bad, driven by greed and we must apologise for being British as much as possible.  My own opinion on agriculture is, and I think it is one that is becoming more widespread and covers more than just agriculture and that is whatever you buy, try and do it locally.  A lot of foods we have gotten too used to eating all year round simply don’t grow here, or even in our immediately neighbouring countries.  What does grow here is some of the finest beef cattle in the world and what I, like Harry, would like to see is some proper study work on whether their farts are worse than shipping food half way round the world.  Finally one of the practices that really makes my blood boil is shipping produce from here abroad to package then shipping it back to sell (ever wondered why fruit and veg from certain unnamed discount supermarkets lasts for around two days before going off?), that’s the kind of nonsense that needs to stop, not eating beef.  Regarding the deer, venison is a lovely, sustainable source of lean meat, we should eat more of it.
Well done sir👍
I don’t think anyone (sensible) is arguing that it’s impossible for beef to be sustainable. The point is that plenty of beef isn’t sustainable, even in the uk, either through mass grain fed production or via the ‘predominantly grass fed’ label that only guarantees over 50% grass in the diet.   It’s also worth pointing out that saying grass feeding offsets carbon is a big oversimplification, for example pasture fed cattle release more greenhouse gases, and sequestered carbon in grasslands reaches equilibrium, meaning the numbers about the amount of carbon removed from the atmosphere drop off pretty dramatically over time. There’s a great report on all of this in huge depth on all of this I’ll link at the bottom.  The point being that this is very interesting and well presented in this video, but it offers a limited view. The average piece of beef eaten in the uk will have a higher climate impact than an equivalent non meat (also uk sourced) veggie meal. This video does well to discuss the issue but it doesn’t propose any solutions beyond making us all more comfortable tucking into beef.  Add carbon impact messaging to all food packaging, make the grass fed standard higher so consumers are getting what they think they are.   https://www.researchgate.net/publication/320216161_Grazed_and_confused_Ruminating_on_cattle_grazing_systems_methane_nitrous_oxide_the_soil_carbon_sequestration_question_-_and_what_it_all_means_for_greenhouse_gas_emissions
Harry, subscribed to your garage channel a long time ago, this video got me subscribed to your farm as well. Great delivery.
Great pieces Harry You need to sell yourself to Beeb to get the message across on sustainable farming and the food it creates for all. Having spent my youth as a labourer on a barley/spud baron farm in SOxon I've always had an interest in husbandry & farm methods. Getting more local produce in supermarkets all part of that education. Your beef cattle - breed? - classified as organic presumably? Do you sell via farm shops? How do you go for abattoir/butchery? Do you participate in the Open Farm scheme?
I've worked in car dealerships and they use kite hawks to stop birds shitting on the cars
As usual it comes down to education & inability for people to think through the whole story.  Similarly, all the hype re electric cars, been around since the 1800's, and, nobody thinks about where the Li comes from & what will happen to dead batteries, same applies to diesel & wind power, just not "on trend" with the millennial latte sipping urbanites who think they know everything. Might be worth checking out a Tasmanian seaweed feed additive, said to not only reduce Methane but also improve weight gain. We use black cut outs of hawk shapes on our windows to reduce in-flight collisions, works OK. I also use toy snakes in my Jag/MG to deter little critters like Antechinus etc. Once found a real python under the bonnet of my XK8 , no more critters ! Good to get a realistic perspective, keep up the good work !
Seems to have worked instantly ... not a pigeon in sight 🤣
lovely plumage, the Chinese Pigeon Scarer
Great video Harry, Again this shows the BBC cannot actually investigate and report without confirming there own bias or even looking at the counter argument. Harry is a real journalist who investigates with a open mind. Cancel your TV license people with the hope they reform.
Please pop round and see your neighbour, a Mr J. Clarkson. He's a tragic wannabe farmer. He might also be interested in your garage..
Is the fact companies are now growing meat in labs from a single cell. And already on sale something farmers are thinking of. There will come a time when almost all the meat we buy is grown.
Hi Harry i commend you for your beef stock, it should all be done this way, i get what you say about tv programs, very misleading ? but what about antibiotics & anti inflammatory's  as it seems beef sheep & pigs are injected with it, as for chicken it was banned in the food source but they got round that & now put it in the water source,  & bacon seems to have so much nitrates in it, i still say no drugs & and the strongest animals will survive & the weak will go at the way side, just like nature intended, i get it's not cost affective but we the human race would not suffer from these drugs? i guess it's the times we live in, Money Money Money, where a greedy race...........
Great video, we really need to see more nuanced views on this topic in the media. Not as simple as Meat is bad and veganism is good from an environmental perspective. At the moment I can help but feel Veganism is winning the narrative war.
Interesting and informed perspective. Keep it up.
Good information thanks
Mainstream media cannot be trusted. Reading comments here - others agree through experience.
Harry..just perhaps the world is overpopulated ??? when nutrisional numbers are added up its more efficent to be vegitarian and can feed more people.. If animal feedstock cultivation, transport, slaughter, packaging, refrigeration,distribution ....a bag of rolled oats or dried beans uses a lot less fossile fuel...its not broadcast but we have peaked on oil production...take out canadian tar sands, then codsider ,  airliners being scrapped, along with cruise liners and merchant ships, apparently due to covid  ....the world population has increased 30% in last 30 years...salination removes about 3/4% or .75% of prime agricultural land from production each year....genic crops did not bring around anouther green revolution of crop yeild happened in the 1970s....add on the present USA finacial meltdown with funny money perhaps it should come as no surprise what the media pumps out without mentioning the actual reasons
Excellent, simply excellent and you have some very handsome beasts!
Great video again Harry, I wish more of these actual facts were pushed out into the mainstream to educate the population.
Well done Harry! We need to counter the propaganda that is already out there and its incessant stream.
Harry ,how’s the Range Rover going still ok ,stay safe thanks 🙏
Who’s here from Tom pemberton
Really interesting video. Thank you Harry.
you have made a complicated subject understandable and also the sceptics saying that farming is aweful, this is factual and i have understood fully, this is great keep it up and the cattle look very very happy, be safe and keep up the good work .
Thoroughly enjoyed that Harry. A very balanced and informative viewpoint. As Hutchslover eludes to below, eating seasonally and more importantly locally produced produce is key to addressing many of the issues the media like to press home. It has alway amazed me that it's often cheaper for me to buy New Zealand lamb rather than locally produced Welsh lamb. How can this be when the Welsh lamb is produced within 5 miles of where I live? This seems crazy to me! I stumbled on Harry's farm from watching your content on Harry's garage and have to say I'm hooked! Nice one Harry.
My god this is great - you say it’s hard to work out for journalists but isn’t it there job? That’s the problem with media it will go for the most emotionally charged not the rational
There's no measurable environmental impact of beef farming. The whole thing is a "green new deal" / "build back better" scam to put the entire lower-middle class back into a feudal system. We'll all be eating lab-grown "meat" slop if they have their way.
"Beef Animal" is my new favourite term.
Thank you Harry
Love ❤️ the Video Harry from Oz.
You make a good point, Harry but might I suggest that you re-jig the video to put your main point at the front? Non subscribers will get bored watching the first part and leave before hearing your point on beef.
I love the archive picture of your family growing blue roan shorthorn cattle from Scotland
Ashville for all your construction. Ask for Daniel as he is serious
Of course your beef is clean environmentally, but the end argument is that this kind of beef can't be shared universally, ergo, it isn't sustainable. It's just unaffordable to 95%. Only the Metcalfe's will be able to afford a nice marbled organic steak once in a while.
Harry, it cannot be carbon neutral. Both CO2 and methane (CH4) have one carbon atom per molecule, but methane is much more efficient in trapping heat radiated from the earth's surface. So having carbon go through the ruminant, "turbocharges" the greenhouse effect of a single carbon atom.
I’m now looking forward to the Farm videos more than the Garage videos! Both are top spec Harry!
What's the source for the rice methane production figure?
I fart a lot and I am one of billions and there is no plans to reduce the population that I am aware of. Global warming is a total scam.
There’s also a lot of farms in the UK that share a lot to similarities to the more vulgar establishments abroad that Harry referred to. As close as Wales for example there are enormous amounts of dairy production of which herds do not ever make it to a field and are milked 3 times a day, thousands of these animals in barns that create more slurry than there are solutions to dispose of it. I’m certainly an advocate of smaller herds that are kept on the land. But that does mean eating less beef
Gonna eat some steak now
Although the beef production creates less methane in the UK, what percentage of beef is imported to UK restaurants and shops? As this should be taken into account too as people in the UK consuming that are perpetuating that demand from S America & elsewhere too
Super intresting loved listening.
no, it's not a gain it is an offset. A true gain is a benefit to biodiversity. I appreciate your view but in order to benefit biodiversity, to our environment and ecology, new solutions should be sought. I cannot offer any solutions but surely any form of manipulation of the environment cannot be precisely quantified and therefore accurately assessed on its benefits to the environment. I think what you are doing is great, a stepping stone, yet I fear this is not the answer. A gain would be to benefit everyone and everything - I feel this is how the new Environmental Bill will lean to also.
Harry, I have a dilemma, I'm a keen walker, and enjoy the British countryside, and appreciate the contribution made by environmentally sensitive farmers like yourself. I am also vegan, and cannot abide cruelty to animals, and when I look into the eyes of your cows ( or beef as you call them ) I see an individual with a right to life similar to you or me. To force a cow into a slaughterhouse is in my view is inhumane. I know that you and the majority of your subscribers (of which I am one) will have a different view, as I did for most of my life, and everyone is of course entitled to their own opinion, but when your opinions involve the forcible killing of another sentient being I find it hard to say nothing. If I was in your position, having to not only care for your animals, as I’m sure you do extremely well, but also take personal responsibility for their deaths, I would really have to wrestle with my conscience.
Brilliant sir! Thank you!  Semper Fidelis Bruce
Actually methane is only one of three gases referred to as “greenhouse”  Green house gas breaks down like this, H2O in the form of gas in the atmosphere  (water vapour - clouds) accounts for 96% of global warming. The rest being CO2 and methane in equal parts. The vast majority of methane is not man made, to give it its proper name its actually rightly called natural gas. The fuss is man made, and you can blame the IPCC for that, this corrupt body via its terms of reference looks only at man Made climate change. So everything they put out is focused entirely on man made gases. They never ever acknowledge the very real possibility this is in fact 1 % of the whole and not a drama at all. So I ask you, if we send the modern world back into the Stone Age, banning cars, aeroplanes ships and farming the best result would be an approx change of  1 percent, it would have no impact at all. . So 99 percent of green house gasses would remain unaffected.
Some true facts about time thank you
Love the channel Harry. You are very entertaining. 👍
Excellent video Harry.  Good for you.
you need a crawler tractor and a auto leveling combine to farm those hills - central italy style. ps: cows are natural bioreactors
Thank you Harry for pushing back on the utter nonsense from know nothing  reporters.  ...Btw your cows are adorable... Stunning animals.
Forget the cattle, there is an embarrassing abundance of hot air among the clueless chattering classes.The real problem is that too many people eat too much. If there was a greater concentration on quality rather than quantity, it would be different ball game. But are they ever going to convince six pack Joe from the US of A  that half a cow for breakfast is not a good idea not to mention the health issues..
Low quantity high quality should be the future of meat.
5:50 good grief hit it man.
I feel cows are evil and I made it my mission in life to take them out one cow at a time, one piece at a time. Plant lives matter.
Hear, hear, you need to get yourself on TV 👍
Harry...can you invite Boris and his “advisers” down to your farm plus various Climate Change experts and give them true facts and figures in a visible way. They would learn a great deal from speaking to you, always so informative even if my only farm is an allotment which I hope to get this year! 🙂🙂🙂
Very informative and interesting - as you point out so much depends on how the animals are raised - in addition, this form of animal husbandry is vastly more humane than feedlots etc...
Wrong -  please do some research before making assertions like this.  eg the  Food Climate Research Network (FCRN) at the University of Oxford's  'Grazed and Confused' report,  (2017) of which the co- author says   'This report concludes that grass-fed livestock are not a climate solution. Grazing livestock are net contributors to the climate problem, as are all livestock. Rising animal production and consumption, whatever the farming system and animal type, is causing damaging greenhouse gas release and contributing to changes in land use."
How many people can afford organic grass fed beef? Let alone drive out to the countryside to buy it. I don’t live in UK. What is the cost per lb of Harry’s beef?
Very well explained Harry. Also as you have explained before, there are meadow plants that actually digest differently and produce less gasses when eaten by cattle. The media seem to only report on articles that get the backing from people that protest the most and don't investigate the reality. This then starts an avalanche (knee jerk reaction) to blame a singular thing based on inaccurate information.
Harry exposes the green agenda propaganda!!! Bravo :)
Fantastic video and very important stuff!
No expert but I know that in New Zealand there has been research into feeding cows with a seaweed additive to their diet, some claims are a five% supplement can decrease methane emissions by up to 90%, which changes the picture, or spoils it depending on your views. Unfortunately facts are not presented accurately and the general public just believe the most 'exciting' narrative. Then there was that piece on the backseat of Greta Thunbergs Tesla, complete with plastic bags and plastic drink bottles. To often 'Do as I say not as I do'. The world is in need of some common sense and a media that tells it.
Healthy looking animals.
Your video should be shown on Country file. Excellent .
Love the L322. Farm on, Harry.
The problem isn’t sustainable farming. It’s low cost food (50p burger anyone) that demands high intensity low cost production for cheap food which promotes high carbon produce.   We should try to eat better - and that probably means less . But that’s not a headline is it.
I do not care, not that i don't care about the environment, removing beef from my diet is not an option, I don't smoke and eating beef is my guilty pleasure. until private jets are banned, beef should remain on the table, simples.
The voice of reason !  Superb Harry.
Excellent video as ever Harry.
Harry, thank you so much for this. I was so angry watching that program, couldn't believe how badly it had been researched. I've read some of the facts you relayed in Diana Rodgers Sacred Cow book and now film. Another problem was the lack of info on nutrition as if that didn't have a place in a discussion about food - what? And the portion sizes were not comparable - tiny bit of soy product against a huge steak. Thanks again Harry, the programme makers need to be consulting experts like you and also  not being so shoddy about research. Collette
Just to add another bit of argument, there are serious errors, or at the very least doubts and inconsistencies in the whole CO2 'science' as well.
Well said Harry, Best British Beef!
Since Harry went into depth on this the first time, we've only bought locally grown grass fed & finished organic beef.  We buy it directly from the ranch and it's significantly cheaper than crappy supermarket beef and it far less heavy than the mainstream stuff.   Plus it's much more profitable for the farmers.  We're doing the same with some of our fruit & veg as well.  As a nice side effect, it's reduced our overall grocery bill and encouraged us to experiment with different recipes.
Harry has a garage costume and a farm costume.
That 'We' doesn't include the Guardian and the BBC which want to rewild Britain and finish off farming altogether.....clearing Wales of its farms and turn it into a safari park for rich london eco-tourists like Monbiot for their own personal enjoyment while the rest of us are kept out.
The media works to create emotional reactions to keep the idiot viewers addicted to the fear.  That's the problem.  Critical thinking isn't allowed in that situation, it would dampen out the fear, lowering the viewership/readership.
Crack on Harry, doing a great job, I agree with Stephen Simpson on his earlier post.
Excellent video, very informative - hope the kites work
Great Channel Harry. Just signed up with u tube in order to subscribe.
I love this channel. I have no interest in farming until I see a Harry’s Farm video. I learn something every time. Thanks Harry!
Very well said. I see thousands of acres of farmland, in the U.S., sitting empty because of subsidies paid by the government to artificially raise grain prices. Why not turn it into pasture and graze cattle. The land sits empty for many years, I've seen some  empty for decades. I'm sure there are issues about accomplishing this, but there has to be a better way than feedlots.
Thank You Harry for the enlightenment.
Harry redpilling is glorious.
Objective fact based sense, with a simple desire to improve the countryside, animal welfare, the planet and what we eat.
That beef there is probably carbon negative
I applaud and admire your analysis on British grass-fed beef. COngratulations and thank you for spreading the word!
I love you Harry. I can drive my classic car and also have a lovely steak. As an engineer it has always been about the cradle to the grave, not just a point in time. I'll keep watching, make sure you keep posting :)
They don’t want you to eat beef ,they can’t make money out of having local cattle eaten locally ,the government and big supermarkets want all the profits..
Get the lads in with the shotguns Harry
Brilliant 'rant'. A wonderfully sensible grassroots view that squares up the media-tart BBC who are consistently pampering to urban snowflakes putting up facts as 'entertainment'. Personally, I run a mile from anything that is hosted by the ghastly G Wallace (who only had a single star on his restaurant when reviewed by the Torygraph!)  Where can I buy your beef, Harry? I want some!
Interesting video Harry, thanks for sharing. I think you need to put the rice versus beef methane output into context. Globally we produce 490 million metric tons of rice versus 71 million metric tons of beef.
You can fool me Jeremy Clarkson. I know that voice anywhere. Take that mask off.
Great video Harry, grass fed meat and dairy is the way forward for UK/ world agriculture. Two inspiring programmes I've watched recently are, "Kiss the ground" and "sacred cow". Looking forward to more of Harry's Farm. 👍
Hi Harry, is your grain cleaner for sale? Thanks Dan
Well said, proper pasture fed beef and hill farm or marsh lamb is fantastic, and the best use of otherwise hard to farm land.
thanks for the insight Harry, it's a well-researched vlog and I love organic beef...that taste of grass undertones makes beef the best meat i will ever have!
Land Rover didnt last long
Carbon catchment is the problem that can be solved well by us. The trees and grassland should be focused upon.
Hang on Harry your negating to mention the amount of time UK Cattle spend in Cow Sheds during the winter months and the fact they consume an awful lot of man made foods!    We do need to allow cattle to be out grazing as much as possible if only for welfare issues let alone the environment.  The reason I mention this is that my neighbours cattle used to spend 2 thirds of there life indoors.
Harry on point once again.
Keep ranting Harry - there must be a way of getting you on some of those programmes?
Another excellent vid Harry. Not sure about culling Bambi though.
Top vlog young Harry
I eat very little meat, largely on environmental grounds but also with some considerations to animal welfare, I definitely wouldn’t be opposed to a very occasional steak from one of your cows on either front. However, it must be just that, occasional, and should be considered a luxury.   Your cows are grazing on what would be a forest  without their interference maintaining  the deforestation that took place many years ago. The landscape of the uk, beautiful as it is, is not a natural one, it is maintained by farming and grazing. More carbon would be sequestered in its natural forested state than is sequestered as pasture.  My mind throws back to a school biology lesson on trophic levels. It is clear when we eat lower down on the food chain fewer inputs that are required to generate our food, even the best farming practices can’t outweigh this.   I’ll link below to an interesting paper on the subject which does include much of the nuance that is often missed when articles are written on the subject and even more so television programmes.  It does conclude that even the most environmentally friendly cattle are worse on a number of fronts than eating lower down on the food chain.   http://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1748-9326/aa6cd5/meta
Very interesting. I’m glad you covered this issue. It makes sense that cows are just in a carbon loop and are not environmentally unfriendly.
I hate jornalism
Well done Harry stick it too them come on you farmers.
Great episode, very informative 👍🏼
As much as any of us might appreciate cattle, no matter the scale of their 'existence'. There are so many industries and jobs connected to the existence of those trillions of heads of cattle across the globe. The UK might have 2 million deer but what about the 50 million or more Kangaroos in Australia? There is probably over 1 million camels here too. At the very least that is potentially a huge resource of some of the consumables provided by the cattle industry.  Personally I feel that the worst part of the cattle industry is dairy.
Hi Harry!  New-ish subscriber here, loving your videos. As a non-famrer I'd love to know more about your "min-till" process. What are the benefits and drawbacks? What about no-till? Would make for an interesting video.
I think your “research” has a fairly one-eyed perspective to it. With nitrogen it’s not the fertilisers that are the problem but the nitrogen from urination. A cows urine patch overwhelms the nitrogen holding capacity of the soil and the excess drains to the water table and ultimately into waterways. For e-coli it depends how you are managing the cattle relative to waterways. With regard to warming the basic equation is that previously forested land that was a store of carbon has been replaced by ruminant animals that produce global warming gases. Methane might have a shorter half-life but the cattle are constantly replacing the methane and so there is a net warming effect. With rice growing, etc all forms of man made warming  are under scrutiny as part of controlling the effects on the planet. No one is getting at beef farmers specifically but facts are facts.
Good informative video. Just need the right people to see it.
Great video with a well balanced view of the issues. It would be fabulous if this kind of sensible presentation of information, especially keeping the emotions out of it, were available more readily Then consumers can really take a view and make a better choice for them.
I am taking part in a part-time degree in construction. I think there is more an issue with the use of concrete in construction than British Beef.....
Very educational, may even use this to help home school my kids during lockdown! Just wondering if your organic beef is available to buy locally at all?
Eat British beef,  make occasional super family dinners with it, perhaps once every  fortnight.  Quality not quantity.  Likewise with free range pork and lamb( even slow cooked mutton). Meat should be a treat.
There are more humans on the planet than cattle and they are all breaking wind daily 🤔
The BBC are incapable of making a balanced argument, whether it be TV, radio or podcast.  Hence I gave up my TV licence almost a year ago and did not watch the TV programme in question.  As a vegetarian I find it appalling that a guest on a show should be chastised for choosing a beef dish, if that dish was offered by the makers of this show.  Four months ago I decided (at the age of fifty) not to eat meat any more.  For years before that decision I only ate British meat, from butchers who were able to prove the provenance of their meat (and 99% of butchers are very happy to tell you about where their meat comes from, it's a source of pride for them.)  I have no problem with people eating meat, I am the only one in my family that choses not to and I would not presume to lecture anybody.  What you decide to eat is a highly personal choice and should not be criticised.  Unfortunately, the "Vegan Mafia" gives a lot of us veggies a bad name with their constant preaching and ranting. They seem to forget that British farmers also grow most of the vegetables they eat.  I wonder if they as careful about where their produce comes from as they are about their political correctness.   I would love to see PETA and Greenpeace visit Harry's farm, to be educated by a passionate man who obviously knows what he's talking about.    Rant over, support British farmers!
That video was fantastic
Aye, I knew deep down he were'a true Yorkshireman, thy's talkin bloody sense to them that should listen.
Waste of time the pigeons will fly with them.
Hi Harry! You are my hero! You basically summarized the book  'Sacred Cow' in a short video! It's such an important subject, with so much dis-information, you may wanna consider making an even shorter video with just the grass feeding/C02-part, so it would be easier to share and get that information out there. Either way, thank you for talking sense!! Greetings from cattle farmer in training from Norway.
The cars have a better store than the corn Harry!
CO2 is good for the farm's crops and grass and is not capable of warming the planet. The sun does that. The BBC stopped being a useful source of information years ago.
I'm from Malaysia and loads of rice here in Asia, so interesting Harry!
Great video! Very informative like a lot of your vids 👍🏻
Can we buy your beef?
Great video.  So important to get a balanced view of these things.  Thanks to Harry for providing it.
Should beef have something similar to the fish “MSC” certification? This might help educate consumers on the points in the video!
12:45
Good afternoon Harry we currently run a farm in England I would like to ask is there any chance you can send me the clip about beef only for me to share on our social media it is incredibly well put together far better than I could do. If you want to find us we are Heathfarmsuffolk on all the media. Thank you Mike
Excellent. Eating beef has long been an economic statement as much as a source of nutrition. Increased demand for beef has lead to production systems that deliver cheap beef faster. Consumers want it and the supermarkets have been very happy to encourage farmers to produce 'beef', under systems that are abusive to the animal, the market and the consumer. Beef should take three years to produce. Animals fed on grass and you shouldn't be eating that much of it but when you do. Grass fed beef - what a treat.
The solution is to stop watching the junk that the BBC churn out.
Surprisingly despite its size a submarine is always referred to as a boat. Having seen your waterlogged land a submarine might be at home there.
Ecological benefits of your kind of beef farming is also something worth mentioning; Diversity of flowers, insects ect. I get my beef from a local farmer in Essex and the array of wildlife thriving on the pastures is quite remarkable. A number of species that are in decline elsewhere due to pesticides, hedgerow removal ect are still doing very well. Ecology, unfortunately though, is something the media seem uninterested in, and understand next to nothing about.
Hi Harry, Your absolutely correct. Looking at it from a chefs point of view is so refreshing to see yourself looking at it from a common sense prospective. There is so much misinformation at this time of year now as Veganuary has become fashionable. I don't think any of us can deny that reducing our meat content over our diet is good for us and the planet.  Your so right that the generalisation  is so wrong. If people treated beef as a sustainable treat, eat a little less but better quality and use the whole animal the world would be a better place. Britain has some of the finest, most sustainable producers in the world and these should be celebrated not victimised like the mainstream media seem to love to do. Keep up the good work as a chef and petrolhead your channels are ace.
What about the horses we have
No.cake...,.l"
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
As usual, well said Harry.  It's a shame that the journalists don't offer the public the full story.  Look how that went with Brexit.
Hi Harry perhaps Mr Wallace and the BBC(good news doesn't sell papers) producers should  visit your farm after lockdown and get educated about  farming  and food supplies
Very enjoyable Harry and it's not a Rant when you are telling the truth and all the facts. You well know that TV etc. only tell half the story otherwise there's not really a story to tell. Cows and all animals have a place in this world and without them playing their part, the environment would suffer. Good luck with the Reno on the grain shed, lots to keep you guys busy.
Well said Harry, not so sure about the gas guzzling Range Rover though!
Hi Harry, are you going to do a video on how Brexit will affect you?
Tbf the BBC have been churning out hot air and sheeeeet for years , best thing to do is not watch it and anything Harry turns out is light year ahead of bbc
Interesting as ever.
110% agree  Brilliant vlog Harry  Well done. Keep safe dry and virus free
Not a rant at all Harry! This is what needs to be broadcast on mainstream television.
Hi Harry. I'm a new subscriber to your excellent Harry's Farm channel, and I'm working through the earlier episodes.  They're great, but I'd like to suggest that you number the episodes so the number can be seen under 'videos'.. It would make it easier to dip back in after a break.
Such a well composed piece. It is a symptom of the dumbing down of broadcasting that broadcasters think they can get away with milking the zeitgeist and playing to the galleries. There seems to be no compulsion to go for the whole story, but to select the bits that feed the narrative. Excellent stuff Harry, I hope those kites work!
The problem with any BBC program is they no longer employ journalist who used to do their research, now its just reports who make lots of noise and court viewing numbers.  We need to see real journalism back,  as for beef I won't ever give it up I luv all my food far to much...
Very entertaining, educational and informative as always. Bit of a poor show by Range Rover on not making it up the slope.
Just commenting to help the channel with the Youtube algorithm. Enviroment and Climate issues has far too long been political issues and having to sell it to the public, instead of looking for truth. Well done to you Harry for doing these stuff
Harry needs to become the voice of agriculture. The go to person for all TV and radio interviews
Well said Harry 👍🏻
Didn’t even bother going up that hill, even a Freelander without the space age aids would ease that gentle slope.
Thanks for this. There needs to be a serious push-back against the MSM and what amounts to propaganda against UK beef and sheep farming. I live in the Peak District and used to work at the summit of Great Dun Fell in Cumbria (where the radar dome now sits) and the people who turn such steep upland areas into productive agricultural land deserve our wholehearted support and not the denigration to which they are currently subjected.
Thanks Harry.
Best video yet.  Nice job Harry!
I thought the Horizon programme, like so much in the media and "entertainment" space was nothing but a cheap shot.
Fantastic video, Harry. Keep them up. You speak more sense in your short videos than all the politicians and woke BBC presenters put together.
Thanks for the new perspective on this. Really interesting.
Perhaps Lewis Hamilton should watch this and re-consider his ill informed lecturing.
Excellent vid Harry, love your detailed analysis on cars and now farm related matters, thanks.
Typical  BBC  dumbing down and  left wing propaganda
Harry, don't forget the 847,000 horses in the UK that are emitting methane too.  Cows are at least a food-producing animal whereas horses are just pets.  If society is concerned about the volume of methane cows emit, it should be equally concerned about that coming from ruminant pets, such as horses and goats.
Great stuff.
You can't beat a bit of urban middle class outrage to skew an argument. That was an excellent explanation of what British farmers have been doing for generations. Cows are carbon neutral. That is how it is for any animal husbandry that respects it's natural habitat and diet. Disclaimer: I am both urban and middle class!
You are a great fella producing a fantastic and well thought through explanation, though I think you are very naive in thinking the BBC want to report facts, rather than push various agendas, I'm aware of nobody that denies the existence of climate change, which has been consistently a thing, since the "Big Bang". But is it really man made? Is there really a scientific consensus? Does the word "consensus", have any place in science? Do the actions of governments, like demonising Diesel, suggest lowering CO2 is the real and genuine aim at all? When deserts are getting smaller, greening up from the outside in, are we not seeing the real benefits of CO2, which is good for plant life? The real problem whatever the scientific truth, is that the UK can in effect make no significant difference, as already producing lower CO2 than over 130 years ago, in a planet shared with India and China. It is the poorest in society that suffer the most, when energy prices rise due to expensive tech and huge land subsidies, for solar and wind farms that only work when the sun shines or wind blows.
I now only have a steak if it’s grass fed after watching your vids Harry👍
I was never really that interested in farming, until Harry popped up. Learning so much now, and finding it fascinating. Learnt so much about methane and Co2 emissions etc in just 20 mins. Thank you!
Once again Harry, you have explained a complex issue very plainly, well done. My farming "boat" is an extensive Organic beef farm near  Poole in Dorset.
Media isn’t interested in real facts, just partial information that creates sales or viewing numbers.
Public media - never let the truth get in the way of a good story......
Another sensible well researched argument from Mr Metcalfe. If only some ministers were as sensible as him!
Well told harry
Harry, I really enjoyed your “rant” you really want too get that info to the average Joe Public,  so informative of what the farming and countryside is all about, Thanks
Well explained Harry and good to see the RR being put to work!
Either way you are looking at it, the way to make animal farming less impactful to the environment is to consume far less of it than we do in the average UK diet.
Thank you mr Metcalfe for your logical response
Personally, I have lost all trust in the BBC and many other media groups. I don't believe a word that comes out of their mouths anymore. I have deleted their apps and stopped watching or listening to their garbage.
Very interesting and well explained, thank you! I hope someone in the BBC or mainstream media picks up on this... 👍
So much common sense. But, it won't make any difference to the true believers. Nothing will change their minds regardless of the evidence put in front of them.
Really enjoyed this video Harry - definitely changed my point of view.
Thanks Harry, this is an excellent vlog. Grass fed beef is the best .
The media rely on assuming, then keeping, their customers thick. The ‘Lazy Cycle’ then perpetuates. Greatest failing of education is that it does not encourage sceptical, critical thinking.
Hi there, do you have an email or the like that you can be contacted through please?
Part of the great reset and the UNs Agenda 2030 is to eliminate eating meat or come to that eating any real food. They want us to be eating only lab-made food by 2030 aswell as insects. It's all there in the UNs and World Economic Forum's videos and publications.  This Covid 19 scare is being used as the Trojan horse to implement it and by and large people are falling for it, obeying silly arbitrary rules without question. Soon they'll be incentivising farms not to produce anything no doubt using some green environmental excuse such as "improving bio-diversity of species". It's wicked.
I think your combine needs a duvet.
That rolls royce beef production method won’t meet a fraction of the quantities required though. It’ll require a huge reduction in the amount of beef we eat.
Great video Harry, as always. It's a real pleasure to listen to somebody that actually looks at ALL the facts and produces a scientific, factual analysis of what's actually going on. Our media, as well as our government, could learn a thing or two. I'm not going to hold my breath, it's much easier to bark up the wrong tree, right?!
Thank you Harry, as a town boy and petrol head, this channel has really enlightened me. Keep it up, one of my favourite channels.
How are the alpacas doing harry?
Unfortunately minority WOKE groups, fear of offence and dumbed down sensationalism have taken over the BBC. Intelligent discussions and logic are things of the past.
Thank christ to your common sense approach.  My dad is a retired farmer, and agrees that this content is excellent, and hopefully non farmer types watch and understand how we farm.
Work in nz is showing pastures on some nz farms are co2 negative, on top of that new types of plantain can reduce methane emissions when digested
A tiny fraction of beef is organic and pasture fed in the UK. Thes is also opportunity loss as more calories are produced per acre by plant foods than by beef which would leave more room for wildlife. Methane only leaves the atmosphere if it stops being topped up by a growing number of cattle. We also definitly do need a much bigger deer cull accross the UK. While Harry's method might be relatively sustainable it is not representative of most beef consumed in the UK and should not be mixed up with the beef you buy in the supermarket or a high street restaurant.
As always, a top video. Never let the facts get in the way of a good story. And at least now the squirrels that were nibbling on the combine hoses and pipes last window will be a bit more protected from the elements (with it being in a proper shed) - so you're doing an extra bit of environmental conservation! Keep up the good work - both with farming and the videos.
Not sure how many "but what abouts" you can fit into a 10 minute monologue... Rice, deer, not in the UK...  1. Where are those cows now? In a shed? Most productive breeds aren't hardy enough for year round pasture in the UK so they go inside to be fed silage, hay and supplements. "Grass fed" isn't an industry standard in the UK, and can mean just 180 days a year on grass.  2. Where has that hay and silage come from? Yet more fields that are set aside to ensure there's feed for cows. It's not just CO2, but water and land which are also required in huge quantities for beef and milk production. That land also takes machinery to harvest that feed.  3. Most beef in the UK isn't organic. It goes through finishing lots to increase the final price of the animal.  Those finishing lots feed them oats and barley.  Knepp farm is the gold standard of low-impact farming, or low-intensity farming with hardy breeds.
Love these videos. You do an amazing job explaining it all. Thank you for this!
We never got to see the Kite in action! 😩 Great vid though Harry, very educational.
Very well put Harry you are a clever chap
All for organic farming, but how much beef is sold in the UK that is organic? Judging by what people buy in the supermarkets, is it 2-5pc?
Really interesting. The media and the general public are becoming increasingly lazy with their stories (only showing the attention-grabbing shock ‘facts’) and their spending (buying whatever cut of meat is cheap as meat is often considered the ‘default’ meal).  There isn’t a lot we can do about the way the media report stories (apart from choosing to ignore or take with a pinch of salt).  With supermarkets, I suppose legislation could mean they clearly display the carbon impact of what they are buying. ‘Grass-fed’ to the uneducated (me until I watched this video) simply sounds ‘trendy’ or ‘right on’ or ‘middle class’. I didn’t know it is linked so strongly to carbon footprint.
When are you going to mention the effects of leaving the EU on farming?
Pining for the fjords...
Harry you should be very proud, those cattle look in tip top condition and a credit to you, I so wish we could have this integrity on TV well done sir
what a great informative channel.
Thanks the bbc are rubbish
Excellent content but I fear that there's going to be another rant at "the media" pitching "oh how shocking" stories to a largely disinterested public.
great video, thanks for the info.
Very interesting video, especially during "veganuary" 🤦🏾‍♂️😅 people love to hate anything related to meat atm.
Why do I feel as if this Range Rover is a better Defender than the new Defender? seems to be more utilitarian.
Well done Harry - great explanation regarding methane - the media pick and choose facts to sell or promote whatever the relevant story is...... if I was a yank I’d be bleating ‘fake news’. Great clarity in explanation Harry - well done 👏🙏
I gave up listening to the news years ago. Everything in the news has an agenda behind it and the truth is never revealed because there is an agenda. Grass fed beef has always been the mainstay of British agricultural and has always helped contribute to the environment.
Very informative  and educational on beef understanding & its nutritious value.......
In new zealand there is a term mixed farm, ie sheep beef, arable/ fatting and in some cases dairy run off(a block of land that can environmentally support stock over a wet period). note this is just my observation of some of the more traditional farms that I've had the pleasure of being involved with.
To think that are great Grandad's Did not have such a environmental impact as we have . The cattle do nothing been here several thousand years . Look at plastics there one of the worst things envented .I work at a commercial market and we throw tons of plastic away .And we blame the poor animal s .We lost inteligents , and knowledge . Those shipped where beautiful . And to think are ancestors sailed , navigated on wooden ships , and mapped it out . The courage and Britt they had .  Thankyou for the education . In USA Utah .
thanks for the info Harry - the message is do not trust todays media about anything, its all over emotional lefty nonsense
The BBC lost the plot decades ago it's woke lefty garbage pumped out 24 hours a day, day to day life on a farm isn't something any of them have come close to experiencing.
a team of  Clydesdales would pull a plough up that hill the environmentally bad range rover could not climb :D ............great explanation  of the Grass Fed beef !
Harry I love all of your shows but some the information represented here is problematic. First, methane and CO2 are not comparable with respect to intensity or time value of global warming potential. Methane is 25-30 times more powerful and has a much stronger short term effect on global warming. Additionally, north american bison are not comparable at all to cattle with respect to methane production. They generate less than 1/3 per head the methane as cattle. If you'd like citations for these claims, I'm happy to provide them. Finally, local consumption of grass fed beef on a methane vs.caloric ratio may be something closer to sustainable in wet, lush, moderate England but it doesn't pencil for the world's population as a whole.
The only reason ITV etc don't put out this sort of nonsense is that they don't even know the countryside exists! The national papers are even worse than BBC TV for sensationalising things and driving government policy with it.
HARRY, In California the truck farms use colorful reflective streamers. These streamers are tied to the tops of poles set out throughout  the gardens & the breeze picks up the streamers & give them action. Scares the hell out of the birds.  !
Very informative, included a Lot of things I hadn’t considered.  Harry is pretty smart!
Harry loved the rant!  Maybe a good opportunity to mention CSIRO's "FutureFeed" which when given to cows can reduce a Cows C02 by 80%. please see the case study here:-https://www.csiro.au/en/Research/AF/Areas/Food-security/FutureFeed.
That was a very good rant, also educational. I am all in favor of being environmentally responsible. Some of the environmental advocates are just ridiculous they do not always have all of the facts straight and just jump on the band wagon. What are we supposed to eat, man is am omnivore we are meant to eat meat fruit and vegetables. Maybe the problem is there are too many people, they blame cows for polluting by farting. How much methane is produced by people farting. Certainly human activity is responsible for climate change and we all need to do our bit but some of this stuff is nuts. Electric cars are suddenly all the rage, yes they have zero tail pipe emissions. I would like to know what is the environmental impact producing all the electricity (we are a long way off from renewables generating enough power if all cars become electric). The process for manufacturing the batteries, I believe is not the cleanest, all the copper that will have to be produced for the electric motors how much damage will there be to the environment from that. Whilst well intentioned I sometimes wonder if these people consider all aspects of their arguments. Sorry for ranting.
What! You want people to hear both sides of the story? The black baggers will be hunting you down before you know it. Both sides indeed!
Looks like the dead parrot sketch!   Love it.   Thank you for the education on raising beef.  I wish it was all like that.  I loved the analogy of a boat to a farm.  Excellent!
I really appreciate what organic, grass-fed livestock producers like Harry are doing; sadly, factory farming in the US is a million miles from what you are doing. Fortunately there are grass-fed options here too, but the big issue is really reforming the mainstream, high-volume production methods to be more humane to the animals and much more considerate to the environment.
The thing with many farms , is they are just run as a business and not much thought about anything else, a true farmer loves his land as much as his crop or bank balance
Leftards are loud, but dog which barks dosnt bite..
Militant vegans trying to destroy livelihoods
Does Harry sell his beef direct? Be interested in supporting these responsible farming practices.
Typical bbc only give you a fraction of the story, very well presented and message put across.
It’s been said before in the comments, but I feel the need to say it again. When Harry talks, you listen. He just has the knack to completely capture and suck you in, no matter what the subject matter may be.   He really needs to be utilised by a tv company, his knowledge, manner and charisma is simply one of a kind. Almost Attenborough esk.
Good luck with the pigeon scarer. The only sure fir solution to get rid of them is a 12 gauge
Quite nice.
Great educational video thanks Harry. I live in Kinsale and can attest to the fact that a) Irish beef is great because it's grass fed year round, and b) judging by the local soccer pitch, the "black shadows" do  deter the grazing birds.
It's a well known truth Harry that you will never get a balanced view from the BBC anymore on anything, they just want us all to do what they think is best for us all and will never let the truth get in the way of a good story because they want to scare us silly. They are no better than the man with the sandwich boards walking the streets telling us the End Is Nigh!
Thank you for the interesting video, Harry. Is all beef sold as grass-fed in the UK carbon-neutral-ish produced like you've shown it is on your farm? What should a conscious consumer look out for in shops?
‘’Arry for Prime Minister!! Well said Harry - a bit of common sense and some science too - thanks so much 😊 👍 I came here from your car channel 👍.  😮You’ve got a few strings to your bow 👍Thank you for keeping up the excellent content 😊👍 Warmest wishes form Wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 - Jonathan  😊👍
Once again Harry well detailed video.
IRISH BEEF                 Yes we do have the Best
Another interesting video Harry. Where can we buy your beef from?
Was legit hoping he was flying a kite recreationally
Jclass and beef. Wow!
Keep ranting and educating Harry let farmers farm stay safe
Very informative. Thank you.
Does anyone know how much methane humans produce in a single day?
Thanks for the lesson Harry, really interesting.
Well done Harry!
Methane in the atmosphere is a very small and what is missing from your graph is that this gas escapes into space!
There is no environmental impact on climate! There are impacts to the water table where the inappropriate use of slurry.
I look for the UK flag on meat products. Those I buy first.
Great stuff H.
Problem is people don’t want to cut their beef consumption and if you take away factory farming most won’t be able to afford to eat beef on a regular basis. It’s the right thing to do, but also the ultimate vote loser. Hence policy makers push for easy short-term solutions. Don’t forget for countries like Ireland, it also represents a huge chunk of their GDP. I do agree that people who take militant views towards all meat products are ignorant and they’re doing more damage to what should be a good cause.
The BBC only broadcast what they want us to believe. We need to question all facts they claim as being true. Keep telling the truth Harry.
Thanks i just wish more people were aware of the reality of the food they ate. Im looking into a small cow at foot dairy and intended to do it of as much grass as possible. Of course beef and rose veal will be a byproduct, looking to conversion of an arable farm when the right one comes up for sale. Consumer education will be the only way farward for farmers i think.
"On the BBC I had a sort of table thumping moment"......I think there's a lot of people who can relate to that.
There are many ways to consume a beef animal, for instance you could; - put it on a plate and eat it - put it in a blender and drink it - put it in a pipe and smoke it  Jokes aside, great video, refreshing to see someone who actually has an genuine informed opinion on this matter
The real problem is over-population. But the BBC wouldn’t touch that issue with a 40ft pole.
Couldn’t agree more Harry! So much of UK farm land is only suitable for grazing and organic beef production is the pinnacle. For me the key is a varied diet, for health and happiness and the environment. I’d guess that 70% of my meals are meat free, but I’m no vegan. When I eat meat, I like to know where it comes from*. And an organic rib eye steak from a local farm is about as good as it gets. I just hope the government don’t sell us out on food standards when doing trade deals post Brexit. Because I would prefer a vegan diet than eat hormone fed crap from U.S. feed lots. *yeah, ok the odd takeaway curry may be of questionable origin, but can’t be virtuous all the time 😉😂
I’m no expert Harry, far from it but I recently watched “Cowspiracy” on Netflix and the whole beef production to feed global population (not Uk specifically) means it’s unsustainable for the planet, they did a part on grass fed which is far better for the environment but I think they said if you produced all beef from grass fed beef (better beef, more humane, better flavour) you’d need to convert half the worlds land mass to grass pasture. Like I said I’m no expert but it doesn’t appear sustainable longer term full stop at the rate we are currently consuming beef.. vid content is excellent btw. Cheers
Well said!
Excellent informative video Harry. You are an brilliant communicator. Keep up the good work.
harry is clearly knowledgable... but as he himself admits, it's not how a large proportion of beef, or any animal meet is produced. He nailed it when he said we shop on cost, and almost cost alone. So to say that more of us should eat less meat, is correct. and to say that organic beef production is clearly better for the environment is correct. both things can be "true" at the same time.
With pigeons, it is much easier to shoot them for crop protection. Best thing is that you can eat the pigeons, you can make a good pigeon pie with them
Putting Britain co2 and methane emissions aside, let's don't forget that earth population is almost at 7.7b and still growing.  No one should be surprised about higher and higher emissions 🤷🏻‍♂️
Keep up the good work Harry!
14:06 "It is so hard for media to look at the details" - never a truer word said, the lame stream media are so full of shit...
Love your videos, so entertaining and very interesting. Would love to do farming
Insightful, articulate and fact sourced. Harry, you really do these videos well. If the world could take the initiative and deep fact check stories (no use calling it factual news) the planet would be all the better.
Super video, very insightful, all valid points, a steak is still and always will be a treat to savour
there are no issues, the real problem we have is the UNs agenda of giving third world countries a leg up in industry, and shutting down a lot of our meat supply is part of it, and the only winners will be the big corporations that will fund the new cattle farms, there is no such thing as greenhouse gasses...fact.co2 is not and has never been a problem, its part of life on earth...fact.
CO2 does not cause climate change. Climate change causes CO2 change, just turn off your freezers and refrigerators to see the connection between climate and whether life can survive (it can't below zero without outside help) and then produce CO2. Everything we eat starts out with CO2, sunlight and water. There are multiple causes of climate change. The main one is the Milankovitch cycle, which is causing warmer summers and colder winters. The current corresponding glacier melts have been ongoing the last 18,000 years since the ice reached all the way down to where Washington DC is now. CO2 from fossil fuel is a tiny fraction of the amount produced. Check the GWPF for lots of information and YouTube videos on the subject.
Harry, why not just farm beef on the parts of your farm where you can grow arable crops, then? certainly it pays better?
Great content , I'm originally from Ireland but have lived now in Canada for 12 years , 6 in Alberta with a lot of cattle out on pasture for beef ,I moved to Ontario and you never see beef or dairy in the fields all kept inside all year round , the milk is no comparison or either is the beef to back home or Alberta, the funny part is if you want grass fed milk or butter you have to pay double the price and im not joking ill post a picture of how a cow eating grass that produces milk has become a specialized product that has a extra premium charge , to all the beef and dairy farmers in Ireland and the Uk keep them on grass and outside in a herd as much as possible ,what I see over here and in New York state is disgusting looking and tasting but at least the farmers using grass and putting animals into a field get a premium
The trouble with the media is they are basically ignorant. The idea of having to use any brain power to digest what they are reporting on is a foreign concept. All about readership numbers and if any truth happens to accidentally get reported on then that is a bonus.
I can’t see how anyone can argue with your reasoning Harry, unless of course they are just unreasonable.
If grass grows and is not eaten by cows it still dies and rots down producing methane. Or the microbes consuming it produce methane. It makes much more sense to let an animal live, consume the grass and make it into protein rather than waste the grassland. It's as simple as that. I am absolutely with you Harry.
What about the 5 billion farting & burping humans in the world - vegetarians being the worse culprits! Havin a nice bit of grass fed beef rib on the bone on Sunday!
We should indeed be very proud Harry! Very well said - Excellent informative video!! 👏👏👏👍🇬🇧
Regarding the Biogenic Carbon Cycle: The CH4 going into the atmosphere is a much more potent GHG than the same mass of C02 that's coming back down into the grass, so the "climate forcing" is not balanced. More heat is being captured with each cycle. The grass is drawing down x tonnes of CO2, but the cow is outputting the equivalent of 40x the CO2. This is an idea I only just had whilst viewing the video, so I'm happy to be told I'm wrong. I do really enjoy your farming videos though, Harry.
Well presented Harry, and very balanced. Nice work.
Very interesting, Harry. The popular opinion might be too simple sometimes because of the media’s need for clicks. I have no problems paying a bit extra for sustainable produce. Instead of eating beef “every day”, I eat proper beef every third day instead. More of an occasion😊 And I’m all for farmers getting a higher price for their produce.
IF they are being fed as course Sugar Beet and similar that the bee pesticides have been approved for (in UK and EU) one wonders if the environmental credentials for UK beef are taking a tumble.  Of course where its grass ideal for grazing and silage no one should have great complaints for british , premium beef,  but the argentine and brazil rainforest impact items one has serious misgivings about (as Palm Oil plantations in the asian tropics too)
A reasonable voice for once, the BBC seems to be full of toy farmers at the moment telling us all how it's meant to be done while being subsidised by the licence payers.
Should put some pictures of Greg Wallace in the fields to frighten the pigeons. I wouldn't believe anything that the BBC produce any more.
"Hello Polly, POLLY!!!"
Your cows if I may say are in very fine shape . Here's to you.
Can you kill and sell the wild deer in your land in the UK?
Excellent thank you and if you need help getting the elevator down my company can help with that
Harry, your a legend. I wish you were running this country. Keep up the good work 👏
I think a big problem with cattle is the space they need, destroying the rain dorrest for more cattle farms for example, that’s why it’s bad for Mother Nature
Great, clear explanation of the difference in techniques. The sooner we all want grass fed beef the better, with the added benefit of beautiful looking farms. Thanks Harry another great video.
I think Harry might be discovering that the media is full of Shite, its run by Londoners who have no idea of country life. I am an ex Londoner now living in very rural Northern Ireland. The MSM and polititians have no idea about what goes on outside of Islington as it doesnt fit the agenda.
I understood the GWP of methane compared to CO2 depending on many assumptions, falls between 25 and over 50 (The U.S. EPA thinks it  is between 28 and 36 assuming it takes on average around 100 years to break down methane in the atmosphere after its release). The complexity is enormous; does natural decomposition of grassland differ from grass going through a cow etc and could anaerobic digesters for cow manure  produce a carbon credit for offsetting natural decomposition of grass into partially methane ?
Cracking video Harry but I reckon you should ditch the Panerai for something British, a nice Roger Smith maybe 😉
Fab article Harry, have you watched or read “The Sacred Cow”?
While I don't really agree with Mr Metcalf on wheat farming methods, I fully agree with all that was said on this video about beef farming. That's the right way to do it, it's why here in Madeira Island, we had the cows up in the hills grazing on in the highlands, probably for centuries. Then gov decided to get all over protective of mostly nothing and replaced them with wind turbines. Sadly if you try and eat a wind turbine it comes off as being a bit under cooked.
I'm amused by the lack of a 'proper' grain store; the loan to build it was well spent on getting EVO magazine off the ground! Excellent video as ever.
The BBC has not covered itself in glory recently with its woke, remain and left wing biases,  this is just another example of selling a story with a scant respect for the facts. Another excellent video Harry, thanks.
Great video Harry, but where is that jacket from? It looks great
Thanks Harry for explaining this to non farmers. I produce cattle like you do and it offends me that the bias media has never tried to educate people like you have here. I'm a big fan of your work ...... from Ireland
@harry’sfarm, 14:39 20kg of co2 for 1kg of beef ????
[doves] shotgun. pie. [beef] Where it goes wrong is the critics. They don't care about your explanations.
Good piece Harry; if only the facts were more fashionable than opinions.  You keep making it, I'll keep eating it!
I am sorry, but your analysis of emissions from beef are selective and misinformed. I am a sustainability engineer who has been working on this problem for over 3 years and from a dairy farming family. You are right that low input beef is the lowest carbon beef, and many British farms follow that sort of system, but the programme did make clear British beef is better than imported beef (roughly 4 times better). Even the best beef is more impactful than almost any other protein, except lamb, because you simply can't get around the fact fermentation in the rumen produces methane, which is a greenhouse gas roughly 25 times more potent than CO2. The biogenic carbon cycle exists, but during the time that CH4 breaks down it is having that greenhouse effect and having a significant net warming effect. Farming cows, and particularly for beef, is not sustainable at even close to the current scale, so the question can be asked how can we better use that land and manage a transition for workers, because farming is more than just a job? There are options of using the grass for fuel, as part of a renewable heat transition - its a really good way to store solar energy over a long time scale, but this needs to be cropably flat or if we are getting protein from much less land, we can ask if all the land we have needs to be farmed and maybe forestry is worth considering on those banks we couldn't crop, this sequesters huge amounts of carbon. If you want to discuss further I would be happy to have a chat.
Your cows seem to enjoy a great life. But one day they'll have to go to an EU approved industrial slaughterhouse. There 3 - 6% of the animals are still conscious when skinned. The day I learned that I stopped eating meat and poultry. 10 years ago, now. No regrets.
We need more education in our schools so they learn about how amazing our farmers are! Buy British, buy local and make the most of every KG you buy.
Useful video. Are you going to be making any more videos about the Range Rover?
Clear explanation Harry, thank you. Is it just me or have others noticed how much of the BBC output is journalists interviewing journalists in recent years. Try an experiment - for the next few days keep an eye out for that and you’ll see what I mean. I just wonder, given how much air time they try to fill nowadays, that is their easiest (and cheapest) option. Unfortunately that elevates those journalistic opinions above the facts. Perhaps the Horizon film is an example of that. Just a thought.
I did a breakdown of some of these figures two years ago whilst I had a bit of time off. taking the Co2 emissions that were being reported at the time and back multiplying them over a period of twenty years I estimated that the atmosphere should now be composed of at least 40% Co2. given that it's still the same as it was around 120,000 years ago (.04%)  I'm not really basing my life on the yearly released new evidence figures.
I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm a petrolhead and a meat lover, before anything I say may be misconstrued.   It's really great that Harry is explaining the topics he's has in this video. Everything he says is fearsomely interesting.   I would say, that whilst cow methane maybe 30%, it's still a huge amount that can easily be reduced in the short term towards climate change.  Especially when there's other animal proteins humans can eat (not to mention the plant based ones).  Also, there's a big issue with the amount of resources committed to feeding livestock, worldwide.  And finally, it's all very well limiting the discussion to the UK, but climate change is global.   Grass fed beef in the UK, and UK consumption of said beef is really a drop.in the pond of what the world is doing. Harry touched on it.   We can use arguments such as 'lots of bison' or 'wild deer', but that's the natural balance. The millions of extra cows, sheep, pigs etc with no natural predators throws that balance out.   Methane naturally decomposes from the air over time, that's great, it means we can eat beef again in the future when we get the climate under control (if we still want to).   But in the meantime we should try and get the easy wins ticked off while we work to solve the harder challenges.   We can lament our love for meat and ICE cars all we want, but it's all for naught if our children and grandchildren don't even have a chance.
question why did it drop when the plains stopped flying and the cars was reduced but the farmers still carried on?
Put that man on tv! Great stuff Harry
👀🇦🇺👍
Excellent video Harry. Very interesting
You hit on one of the key challenges Harry - the consumer.  As a nation, as you are more than aware, we are massively divorced from food production and the value of food - the consumer (on masse) now has an ingrained belief that food should be cheap, that they can consume as much as they want and at which ever time of the year they want. When the politicians allow mass produced chemical fuelled meat in from America and other parts of the world as part of trade deals that sell our farmers out, they will use the mantra that it is giving 'choice' and 'value' - consumers will flock to it because they can get lots for less. The 80's might be 40 years ago but the national obesity problem shows that greed is still good. For those who say they won't, look in any shopping basket at the amount of highly processed crap people buy and stuff into themselves - they could not care less about food quality or provenance. The days where a sunday roasting joint left overs were used with mash and veg on monday, stew on tuesday and pie on wednesday are rapidly fading from the memory - now the left overs make it to the dogs plate if the pampered pooch will eat anything other than the finest marketed rubbish unilever et al produce. Do I have an answer on how we solve this - sadly anything I can think of sounds like big government control and would be unpalatable to most
Everything Harry talks about makes sense. Thank GOD for the Harry's of this world.
Extremely  interesting to get the facts
Thanks for the information Harry, very insightful and I can enjoy beef without guilt now. As long as it's grass fed.
Thanks for this Harry. Really enjoyed this film. Where can I buy your beef?
Well said Harry. The grazing cattle in the your field with the May Flower, buttercups and clover is a wonderful image to the eyes.
Serious question Harry, why do you own a combine, rather than use a hire or service-based harvesting approach?
Harry, where can I get your beef? I've moved down to cambridgeshire and cant get grass fed organic beef anywhere local!
More proof it it were even needed, the BBC, well past their sell by date! They are the self appointed government opposition, they are hellbent on trying to create news rather than reporting and talk about biased !  All they do is try and stir things up, during the pandemic their behaviour has been totally disgusting.  Great film Harry.   PS would have been interesting to see if the new Defender could have made it up the steep, slippery slope.
Brilliant Harry - thank you for clarifying this issue. I eat a moderate amount of beef, always grass fed because I believe its better for the environment and for me. It should be a luxury, sold at the right price to ensure sustainability. Feedlot beef is an obscenity, poor families can get much better nutrition from cheaper sources including fish.
By how far does that Range Rover fall short of the new Defender?
Well done harry, very well explained. Also worth mentioning that if that grassland is left with nothing grazing it, it will end up with old white grass on it, this is no good as a carbon sink, so to get the best carbon sequestration it needs to be grazed and kept green and growing.
Well said Harry. Lots can learn from this.
Good one Harry as always very informative.
the bison fact plus other large herds that dont exist anymore,is my argument every time .but as usual the other side wont engage in discussion.listen to the bbc and others with no balance to there arguments.
One of your best videos yet Harry, thank you for championing how we live as a country. You're an inspiring chap.
When is Harry's Farm shop opening online, I would buy my beef from you ? I know it's not good food miles...
Fascinating channel, thank you, Harry... If 1 cow produced, say, 1000 beef meals, how much additional methane would be produced by the same humans switching to 1000 veggie meals? Surely that needs to be accounted for?  Additionally, how much man made CO² is produced in comparison to the weathering and breakdown of limestone & chalk geology caused by acid rainfall? Or volcanic activity?
I swear that cow was staring right into my soul. Still I don't half fancy a steak.👍
Well said on grass fed beef Harry!! Unlikely that those cockwombles at the BBC have ever crossed the M25 threshold to walk on pasture yet they're suddenly self professed experts. However, could you do a piece on food markings? Those little tractor symbols, wots all that about?
Long time viewer/lurker but subscribed and wanted to comment. Thankyou for a very thorough and balanced discussion on the topic! I've said to others when complaining about a wood burning stove, "what happens to the co2 if the tree ends up rotting...?", the same thing!! Appreciated your extra details on the case of beef farming though, especially the stat of emissions from growing rice!   Another sad fact that is missed is the energy used to produce the crazy 'meat' alternatives (in the lab) but also how well (or not) the body can actually digest these highly processed products.
Well said Harry! If only the wombles at the bbc would pay attention
The BBC ( or some producer ) doesn’t always get it right but my god you would miss it if it wasn’t there.
Very informative, thank you.
Very well explained and researched piece. It's very easy to look at one part of an issue and miss the much bigger picture.
How much faster does the grass grow (and how much more CO2 does it absorb) because of grazing by the cows and mowing for hay?
Well said Harry and as usual beautifully explained for the layman’s ear
Well said you know what your talking about unlike a lot of people in this country
People buying quinoa that came to Europe by plane from Peru and chastising me for eating eggs coming from a local backyard makes me insane
Brilliant! The problem is that we have a certain type of person  trying to push their dubious agendas at people through a media which is run by the smart arses who think they know better than the experts!
Respect your Lordship.
Spot on Harry!!!
Good video and all good points. For those ethically and environmentally conscious, the way forward will be a lab-grown meat. Obviously, it is a matter of more companies jumping on that boat, which will eventually drive the prices down.
What have you done with those sheep mate, they look rubbish with those long necks.
Harry's Farm. Interesting stories, well presented. And also very helpfull to improve my English, living in The Netherlands. Harry's Lectures.
More than likely a silly question but can you not excavate the land and redistribute it to low areas or is there too much rock?
I didn't know food came from farms, I thought it came from Tesco...............
we hear in ireland every  farmer getting into   dairying big money being made from dairy    baby  food
Thanks Harry - truly thought provoking and an important contribution to the necessary debate. Journalists just don't seem up to the mental effort of actually doing balanced research these days! Don't get me wrong: man-made climate and ecological impacts are real and we'd better get to grips with them. However, we'll only do that if we engage in careful, targeted interventions and not knee-jerk, blanket "othering" of entire sectors.
16 thumbs down from the anti beef brigade.
I left this running in the background and thought it was James May. Great explanation Harry.
Moles and pigeons, eh? Jasper Carrot had some handy advice about mole eradication.  Assuming that shotguns are environmentally incorrect though, a more modern, holistic approach would be to breed earthworms and raise them on a diet rich in nitroglycerine. Released into the fields, they'd continue to do their wonderful wormy thing until caught by moles.  If they didn't detonate immediately, the explosive would gradually accumulate in the moles...  Pigeons strutting about... Pecking, scratching...  Mole-mines exploding... You'd eliminate two sources of woe in one go.   Of course, you'd then have a farm that looked like the Somme and you'd lose tractors down the holes, but it'd make a jolly interesting YouTube video...
Solid gold. Balanced, objective, no-nonsense insights from an expert in his field (as it were). Should be shown in schools. Not that many decades ago, it would have been.
Spot on. Nice piece of beef - unprocessed, simple, natural. Or alternatively, one of those 'vegan' alternatives - heavily processed and fiddled with to make it palatable. How much resource to make a fancy 'burger' out of hemp and flax seed and soy and all the other imported  ingredients needed? I thought processed food was bad for you??? Very valid point about the land as well - try growing and harvesting wheat in the welsh mountains or the lake district - maybe why they traditionally  farm sheep? Shock horror...
Well spoken Harry, the discussion here in Germany about cows producing Methane is quite the same. I seems to be a spoken "pandemie" about cows which are really innocent! Planting trees in lots of places could help to reduce CO2 much more as these endless discussions in TV shows.
Excellent video, very informative. And interesting to see the old grain store, full of 70's tech, all preserved thanks to launching Evo magazine... eh Harry?!  The Collecting Cars podcast with Chris Harris was great!
The only way to compare the sustainability is by doing a LCA. If you skip steps in the LCA, you will of course get flawed results. I have a hard time trusting most scientific fields. Heck I am a engineering student, and do not trust science. The more I learn about scientific research, I under stand how easy it is to get data to tell the story you want. Don’t get me started on peer review, it’s a totally broken system were you peers, who you actually compete with for money is supposed to be objective. It’s even worse when you get to gender studies. James Lindsay rewrote section of mein kampf with feminist wording and got published. The world is crazy. If you think the death of science is making me mad don’t get me started on the deaths of naturally aspirated engines with manuals.  Sorry for the rant. Your doing a jolly old job Harry!
Great pod cast Harry and a real brain bender. I like beef. How can I ensure that I eat and buy grass fed beef?
You've hit the nail on the head!
Good stuff Harry, if that kite doesn’t work out for you there is the option of getting the shotgun out of the cabinet! Let me know, can help out for sure.
Thank you Harry a darn good rant with a good explanation. Take care.
It is just like electric cars. The news idolises then but don't tell huge amount of CO2 it takes to profuse their batteries.
Full disclaimer: I'm a conservational biologist. Something to note with any research that makes it to the popular press: we, as scientists, have no influence over what a journalist might conclude from our findings or which aspect he might highlight. This is incredibly infuriating but also highly frustrating. We work on these publications for weeks, months, years and decades to deliver accurate and replicable results only to see them taken out of context and fitted to a narrative that it was never intended for and subsequently ridiculed and discarded. The point you make here is perfectly put. It can't all be on a global scale, because it shouldn't be in the first place. It's about making reasonable decisions. Livestock as such can't be demonized as the sole reason for our deteriorating environment.  While there are lots of problematic practices around the world concerning livestock (cf USA, Argentina,Brazil to name a few famous examples) the practices you outline here are not only good but they're actually used in conservation. I can't speak for the UK, though I imagine there are similar projects there, in continental Europe we use livestock to regenerate ecosystems. It's good practice and also important to communicate to the general public.  It's much more important to reflect on own actions than trying to shift blame according to a narrative. Overconsumption is a problem with any good, that applies to meat as much as to anything else. With meat there are some thermodynamic intricacies to be discussed as 1kg of meat theoretically needs 10kg of carbohydrates and protein to be generated. But that just means consuming consciously, as everything else as well. Eating less meat and of higher quality is good, but also eating what's locally and seasonally available is crucial. Producing locally and sustainably with the resources available and without shifting environmental impacts somewhere else is what we should focus on. Grocery shopping on farmers markets, re-establishing the connections to our land and the people that harvest it. These discussions can't be held unilaterally. Farmers, scientists and the general public should be much more involved in finding long term solutions and helping each other rather than playing the blame game. This would not only help each entities credibility, it would also help the general progress in which we tackle many of these complex issues. The BBC unfortunately doesn't seem to agree.
Fabulous facts Harry beef reard  on irish and uk farms is better for the environment than they tell us. grass reard beef is the most sustainable food in the long term
Would I be right in saying you could take a tractor on tracks up a steep hill? Would this help?
What about the pollution from the machines Harvesting the crop in the summer time to feed the cattle in the winter?
superbly well said about beef farming. yes we should be proud of our livestock farming in the UK and i hope lots of the public watch this.
They are some nice looking cattle.
We hear so much of one side of that argument it’s good to hear the full other side of the discourse. Thank you.  Plus beef tastes great - and yours look the best.
Wish harry was an MP ,fact talk followed by common sense.
I produce methane throughout the day so am I next?
Good guy Harry treating his Combine like his Countach
Common sense a lot of the media don’t possess, always telling us what they want us to hear not what we want to hear, only part of the facts as usual. Thanks for a great video cheers Harry 👍🚜 Buy local support British farming ,if we lose live stock farming we will lose the country side.
Oh and another thing. Methane was measured on lab and inside a stable (? not a english speaker) eating dry hay and cellage/kibble, not grazing. When they graze they have the probiotics to digest and avoid a lot of the normal methane. Like flatulence, it comes from an intolerance to whatever you are eating.  PLUS, the cow manure droping on a healthy soil or in cement (regardless if it is covered by hay or getting water washed) will not be consumed and integrated in the soil so it will produce a LOT more methane than in natural conditions.  As weird as it sounds, beef is and can actually be, if well done, the hope for saving the world from the environmetal mess it's headed towards. But that's a lot to talk about for today..
Great video , thanks .  Also ,  what's the most nutritious food we  ( as humans ) can eat  ?     (  a clue :  it isn't  broccoli , avocados , seeds, fruit  etc ........   its  BEEF  /  RED MEAT  !!  )
The worst thing is that Americans have been brainwashed into believing that grain fed beef tastes better.
Well said Harry . Coming from a farming background , but not personally in the industry , i have often thought that the BBC has a very biased approach to most things , (especially anything outside of middle class conurbations ). Why do we not get programs explaining farming as you do ?? Because is doe not suit their political ends . The sooner we can abolish the propaganda tax (BBC licence fee) the better ! Public information broardcasting ? I think not .  Carry on the great work Harry , explain the truth , as you do , with great aplomb . the workings of the farm and the food it produces.  Great content , as always , hope the Government , without the EU meddling can support British Agriculture .
Common sense and truth, both not popular with the mainstream media! Thanks Harry.
It's the BBC the British biased corporation it's what they do, it's not exactly a lie it just picks out the facts that suit the agenda it's trying to push. Me personally i'll eat beef not because i hate vegans or the environment it's because it tastes good
They should measure how much methane a vegan produces considering their diet is fully plant based...just like a cow.  Another thing, an average human, breathing alone, produces 2'000 kg of CO2 per year, as a low estimate. Daily tasks and especially exercising could see the average CO2 produced per person at double that per year. 2 tonnes per year is determined by one inhale exhale cycle taking 5 seconds and possibly only 50% of average lung capacity, (6 litres), being used.
Excellent video Harry, It's only those who "think" they're being green and turning veggie etc, who like to tell the one sided story. Nothing short of a health reason will stop me eating meat. Long may it continue.
The silly thing is that apparently humans including human waste and landfill waste produces a majority of the harmful methane’s that damage the environment and farms contribute only about 35% if people don’t believe me check out by internet search
I couldn’t live without beef, and if I have to pay more for better quality farm raised beef , then I’m more than happy to pay for it, I grew up in the cotswolds and as a kid everything was local and seasonal, that’s the way it should be now, we don’t need asparagus all year round, not when it has no taste anyway. Evesham
Thanks Harry, can you give us some advice on how we buy beef thats farmed in this way? is it only organic beef that meets these standards?
Great video and very informative, thanks
Such a well-balanced view from Harry about Beef production in this country. I remember when I was on the farm everything was fed on grass when they were out and round bale silage and cake. That was it. So agree with every single word Harry.
Harry.  Yet again, a great video.  As previous comments said, you hit the nail on the head. I'm tired of the of the media both in the UK and in Ireland presenting lazy data.   Our farming representatives need to educate  the public.  It's a matter of survival now.  The ways things are going we will be out of business because of mis-information.  Brazilian and Argentina beef will take over.  Where did you take the information slides in the video from?
Talking beef on south Europe. Our biggest maker, probably sized like that american cattle lot, is raised on grazing and the only unatural process is when they go to get fatten up to slaughter, for 1 or 2 months. And we are talking a production that covers 6 to 7 million worth of people yearly beef consumption. I do believe they can do even better than they are actually, lot better. There is an wonderful year round, grazing only big production in Australia, very close to the Outback, on what was dead soil, they are producing A LOT OF CATTLE, last time I checked in to see, they had got one of the worst droughts and yet, they were able to graze the whole entire year. Plus that soil is prime quality, farms around are getting lines of water getting alive, that were dead for decades, birds, insects, muggets are starting to appear, I think they were now trying to go further on management of water and get trees on the plots.  Proper for profit business as well, Goldman Sachs put 200M on them to expand the model. I get a tear in the eyes everytime I talk about this farm, because they cracked the farmer and cattle production dream, make money, raising cattle right and leave everything much better than you found it. What can be better than happy fat cattle, no worries about feed or at least less worries, no worries about water (on prone to drought places it's a nightmare) and nature around striving in full force!! This is the dream !
So, while your particular beef farming is environmentally conscious and sustainable, how much more would the consumer have to pay per kilo for everyone to sustain their current appetite purely by this method? This is the root of the problem, consumer attitudes need to change.   As you say, demand for more cheap produce is causing this environmental impact through mass produced meat farming, the energy consumed in doing that and the water needed to sustain a cow and grow the feed. How much would it cost McDonalds, for example, to produce their beef this way? Would a Big Mac suddenly be £8-9, would demand drop if it was? Maybe it would if they put some R&D into a tasty Plant Based version that was £4?  So people’s choices are to eat less of it, or pay more and until the masses start to realise this is the choice they HAVE to make then meat production will continue to be highlighted as a major contributor to global warming. That’s why the BBC are trying to hammer the point home, albeit inelegantly, that our attitude must change and focus less on meat as our main source of protein that is essential in every meal, it just isn’t.   Just Like Cars, if you make your daily a hybrid or electric, you can enjoy your V12 on the weekends long into the future. If you don’t, the problem reaches a point where we have no choice but to take extreme steps. Maybe in 20 years time, red meat will be off the menu entirely?  Great video as always, really interesting.
Well explained Harry.
A wonderful, informative episode Harry, thank you.
Thank you and well said Harry.
Well done for a wonderful explanation of beef farming. Very interesting and worthy of a university lecture, no way could this be interpreted as a rant ,Thank you Harry.
Very well done Harry, articulate and accurate as always.
I did an M.Sc. in Estates Management many years ago, and a huge dissertation on alternative crops. Super high value, specialised cropping for exotic products that require high levels of husbandry and farm knowledge, using specialist cropping machinery and careful soil analysis. UK is uniquely well placed to pursue these products, because most of our farmers are so well educated - in practical terms not Oxbridge degrees (!) - and the margin available is potentially incredible. Thousands of pounds per tonne for some exotics, yet we still try to compete with large scale global producers in traditional areas, who flood the market.  INtersting to see how post-Brexit and CAP, this will change.....
Anyone else developing a new interest in farming?
well said !👍
Any TV program with Greg Wallace in is not going to be dealing with facts. Horizon used be a rigorous science based program; not any more. It’s now merely another entertainment program; it’s all about the viewing figures.
You,re a brave man Harry getting into the whole environmental, vegan , debate. Please dont,t get cancelled as we need your cows and cars.
Love both channels Harry - thank you
The media and their globalist agenda don't really know anything. They merely repeat the slogans they have been taught to bleat. We have the same issue here across the pond. Nothing but disinformation and lies.
Harry that wasn't a rant...you are without doubt one of the most informed commentators on youtube. If you ever get bored of running your beautiful farm and looking after your collection of cars would you mind running this country for us? I'm quite sure you'd be better at it than the present lot.
Just wish your video was heard more widely, schools would be a good start , so the kids can take there knowledge home
Very interesting. So, help a townie - there are many more dairy cows than beef cows, but no-one is trying to decrease the amount of milk consumed, but will they soon...?
Well said Harry!  If only we had politicians who were half as intelligent as you!  👍
The BBC have a quite a clear agenda in a number of areas. Treat it with the contempt it deserves....
Really nicely explained Harry,  long live the Rolls Royce cow.
im behind you 100%  pity the media cannot be the same  good factual vid thanx
Thank you Harry. It’s work like this that encourages people to look beyond eye catching headlines and not simply jump on the bandwagon because it’s “perceived” as the right thing, when there is a possibility it isn’t and/or makes no real difference.
So dust scotland harry
Well said Harry. It is a great pity your detailed explanation is not heard by those watching the soundbite sensationalist BBC.
Fantastically explained Harry, well done, some people need to hear the bigger picture and have a better understanding
Fantastic video Harry - I hope more people continue to shout about how sustainable well reared beef in the UK is!
Contrary to popular opinion I believe we should eat less chicken and pork ,but more suckler type beef.
You must be a very clever farmer if you can make an outcome of just 100 acres! The average Danish farm of today has approx. 160 hectares or 400 acres and the majority of the farmers are complaining about the little profit they get out of their labour. But thumbs up to you from me.
Just have to hope that people see that it is propaganda to allow money to be made from oil for as long as possible. Stopping climate change is easy. Stopping animals go extinct is what we should be doing and stopping biodiversity loss.
BBC...udder bullshit.
As a meat reducer, I am naturally mindful of the meat I do eat and completely agree how the media continually does a half-arsed job of reporting the facts.  I have chosen not to eat beef, my choice... oh, but how I miss that perfectly cooked beef Wellington on a Cunard cruise a few years ago! Harry's videos not only provide real insight into British farming, he shows a genuine love and care for the environment and land management.
Good vid Harry.... Made the point very well in an easy to understand way. Try and get yourself on the BBC. Well done mate💪👍
Kite flying, such an old timey old man thing to do Harry, good for you.
Totally agree with you Harry, I did this as part of my a levels and its very interesting. The point people miss is its the land use which is the biggest factor not the actual cow itself. For someone like yourself, feeding just pasture is the most sustainable way. Its more the 'Factory farms' as they call it now that are non sustainable and with soya producing a lot of CO2 which has brought about a bad general perception of cattle farming. Like you said, rice as well as avocados are actually the same or even higher producers of CO2 yet no one calls that out. That being said, in general, something does need to be done about the way we farm and produce food by doing it local. That's the way to go to cut down air travel which is one of the bigger emitters of CO2!!
Wonderful video and so informative.
Spot on Harry. The BBC? Well they would wouldn't they!
You still have the L322 Range Rover!  😊
Another video which made me think. Well done Harry. A balanced discussion is required here. I eat much less beef these days but if I knew it came from your farm I think I'd put it back on the menu!
Most CO2 comes from natural sources such as volcanoes and earthquakes. One eruption will emit more than the UK has during the automotive revolution. In my 1970's Uni days, they were calling for more burning of organic material to avoid an overdue ice age!
hey dont just use the term north america  as being all feed lots , i live and have cattle on my land that have naturally grazed for over 30 years and their are  thousands and thousand of acres in alberta doing the same  believe me  the feed lots and their predictor like land acquisition are the great satan around here . farm shops are a big  thing here as the people who live in this area  are painfully aware of the feed lot rape the land mentality  . its good to hear a balanced view Harry well done
It infuriates me the way the BBC and others present their "facts" well said and another interesting video
Great video H Very interesting ref full story on beef v emissions Unfortunately media rarely report this The R4 Costing the Earth show might be interested  They’re quite good, mostly
Well done Harry, a succint and well presented case for ruminant agriculture, which I totally support. What's your opinion on integrating livestock within arable rotations to build organic matter, soil microbes and hence improve following crop yields?
Well done Harry - that’s an educated rant which is far more informative than the BBC’s effort!!
I dunno, Harry. Your leccy VW iD and Porrsche Taycan videos got me narked recently, but you've totally redeemed yourself with the RWD Huracan and today's video. You're a top man! Loved this video. Thanks for the tip on the Pasture-Fed Livestock Association. It led me to find a great organic farm shop in Shropshire.
don`t get too 2hung up" on that pigeon scarer  harry, it might be a "dead duck".............
Bullshite Broadcasting Corporation  Thank goodness I haven’t funded them for 11 years. Top man for challenging this.👍🏻
👍🏻
lovely looking cattle
The media we found in the USA there not looking for facts just slamming the farmers.
Thank you Harry,  too much crap in the press.  Buy local, buy grass fed.
More of these enjoyable rants please 😃
this is so accurate on climate and sustainability , Harry please shorten this video and post on social media ill share the hell out of it !
i`m suprised you hit something "solid" in that field harry 🤭🤭🤭
Whilst i agree very much that ethically and locally sourced beef is not as bad as it could be, please do note that methane is NOT directly comparable with Carbon Dioxide (CO2) when it comes to its potential for global warming, ie the absorption of solar energy.  Global Warming Potential (GWP) was developed as a metric for precisely this reason, and on this scale, which considers both absorptive capability of the gas, but also its mean residency in the atmosphere.  The GWP scale has CO2 as its reference gas, so CO2 has a GWP of 1. Methane (CH4) is currently considered to have a GWP of between 28 to 36. ie 1 kg of methane causes the same global warming as between 28 to 36 kg of CO2.   This is a signifcant problem, and one of the reasons that methane is coming under such close scrutiny!
Now we need to get you on the TV Harry, you put that across very well and yes you should be very proud of your beef herd well done.
Ditch the TV license and spend your money elsewhere, otherwise you are funding the BBC agenda. TV tax belongs in the 90s.
A tru gentleman....! ☺ AND VERY INTELLIGENT, just my opinion. Keep in up Harry. Please don't stop, educate the world 🗺.... Thanks for the update again.!
Most informative. Thank you. I’ve heard if there’s zero CO2 we all die?
Why can't people just keep their opinions to themselves and let the rest of get on with our lives let's eat beef 👍👍👍👍👍👍🥩🥩🥩🥩🥩
Harry.................NEEDS TO BE HANDED THE JOB AS ........Top AGRICULTURAL MINISTER FOR UK🇬🇧👍❤️🎬
There's this Aussie farmer Rob Tuncks who's spoken a lot about the merits of beef farming, and its environmental effects. I was shocked when I heard him speak about the effects of arable. He's done a series called "Ask A Farmer" on Bobby's Perspective channel (www.youtube.com/c/BobbyThePrototype). Bobby FYI calls himself a carnivore, and had been getting a lot of flack from vegans. That's what led to the Ask A Farmer series, I think.
Another great video! Could you possibly do a video of your boat when the worlds back to normal?  Many thanks 😊
So enjoyable to watch, calm facts!! Keep it up!!
Let's get rid of cows because they fart.  Stop eating meat and eat vegetables and fart like a cow. Anyway, trees need CO2
Have you thought about getting your lovely cows onto your flat fields every now and then to regenerate the soil? :)
That biogenic carbon cycle is beautiful. It's almost as if it's what nature intended! Thanks Harry. Top videa. Thanks for getting spreading the message. The majority of British beef agriculture is totally sustainable.
Grass-fed cattle do not produce high amounts of methane. The problem in North America and other parts of the world  is grain-fed cattle that are being fed an unnatural diet. That is what makes them gassy.
So interesting 🤔
Well said you should be on the TV to educate some of these so called experts
Sorry - 9 million cattle. Too wound up re Greg Wallace.
Gotta love Harry’s  yellow boots!
Hi Harry, do you have an anaerobic manure digestion tank? Very common here in the Netherlands, and seem to be a good source of biogas! Cheers!
9 cattle as opposed to 67 million people and their cars, lorries, centrally heated houses using fossil fuels and a burgeoning population . Then there is the industry and construction businesses to say nothing of the collective waste we all generate and chuck into the ground to rot. What about the aviation industry as well? I am aware of the fact that improvements are being made but we have to look a lot harder at ourselves before we blame a few cattle for our ills. Typical Greg Wallace. Just about every time he opens his mouth he demonstrates that he is not really that well informed. Should have stuck to selling carrots. An excellent and educational video Harry, thank you.
Excellent video Harry and really enjoyed listening to some actual facts on beef production here in the UK. It's a pity that the BBC don't look at it from a balanced view. Hopefully they will in the future as we all spread the message. Best wishes,  Tom
Does anybody watch the woke BBC any more?...I hope not.
Great video as always Harry! I just have one remark, that  excavator (seems Kobelco) needs to have a bit more grease in the tracks for a bit more tension.
Great job Harry true gent and a well needed ambassador for beef farming . Get this mans presentation to the Prince of Wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Let Harry make his case 💪
Be interested if those kites work, might stop the pigeons scoffing the greens in my garden. Think I've learnt more about farming and UK food production on here than anywhere else. I don't bother watching those sort of TV programs anymore as there's rarely a balanced point of view, just biased to the presenter or the producers whichever gets better ratings.
another issue is brazil, cutting down acre after acre of rainforest and burning for space for cattle. How about we also focus on stopping deforestation
Excellent video. This is the second time Harry has explained the ethics of his beef farming on this channel. BBC needs Harry to bring some balance and enlightenment.
Hello Harry, WOW that is some 'pole', you could use it for fishing, hope they work, always worth watching the 'Farming Vlog. Regards, RichardA.
Going to your local sources, buying meat, potatoes, cabbage etc straight off of a farmer is a good way for sustainability. All those news reporters full of global warming alarmism should show us the fridges. How many bananas do they have in there in the middle of winter? Pineapple? Avocados? How do they think they get here? At the same time you don't have to eat meat 7 days a week, make it a rarer occasion but with good quality, locally sourced meat.
Harry you I and all farmers plus a few chefs know you have it bang on - regretfully you are preaching to a small audience here - please please please get on to your local MP get this info on to as bigger audience as you can , jump up and down shout scream tell everyone you can and drown out these idiots. I grew up on a farm worked in engineering all my life and now retired am growing produce sustainably and organicaly for local market  - I am with you all the way here - government need to invest in farmers to produce food for the UK - I mean asparagus from Peru !! do we realy need that for gods sake lets eat asparaugus from Evesham in season and importing caulis from France !!! ffs this is madness - please bleat on and on until you are heard. Love your updates keep it up.
Should also consider the use of the land. If it isn’t being kept as grassland for cows then it would revert back to (or could be helped by man) forest eventually. Grass is poor at absorbing CO2, trees are not.
It’s so bloody tricky, a journalist has to simplify an article to keep it comprehensible to someone who has limited interest so you aggregate data to represent the majority because it is the majority that will affect the planet the most. Unfortunately that leads to uninformed biases and you and your 40 cows are grouped in with battery farming. Either way we are going to struggle telling people who don’t live in the temperate regions that they can’t have beef but people who do can feast because shit luck so the bigger picture is hard to manage but your farm isn’t the problem.
hello harry please keep putting out the fact so some silly bugger listen as i love my meat thanks chris
In discussions about meat eating I always say that I eat deer.  And that this is better for the environment if not eating meat.  Deer has no more emissions when it is shot.
The day they stop me eating steak is the day i move planets 😏
In Kerela , India , Our moms nd all  use dead Crow's wing to scare of birds from seeds that kept outside to dry . Its an old tradition nd am not sure where they get the wings ! .😬😁
4:32 "CHINA" 😂
Like you, we that have been lucky enough to grow up, to watch our children grow up in the Rural environment, are so far apart in our understanding compared to "city" folk. Sad but true! Just a petty that there are so few of us to promote the natural environment and farming! Love watching this series! 👍👌
Fascinating informative interesting and enjoyable thank you so much harry
What an excellent rant!
While he makes some fantastic points the big thing Harry has left out is that grass fed beef is very space inefficient and therefore not a scalable solution to replace the 800 megafarms some of which can hold up to 1 million chickens or 20,000 pigs. Just as Harry complains some research takes a global view which can lead to conflation of statistics, there is also a fault in only looking at one aspect of food production in isolation such as beef.
Hi Harry,don’t want to teach you how to suck eggs,but wouldn’t it be easier to put doors on the combine shed,ps difficult to avoid buying from China even kites🤦 Hope someone from that bbc program is watching this,I think you just tied them in knots Harry ,well said
Buy  British!  The worlds population has doubled since 1972,  how much methane are we producing. Helping third world countries breed will be the downfall of the world, Its not sustainable. One child each parent max like in China.
Honestly, who can afford grass-fed? Is that really a solution for the masses? in the US, factory farming is the only way to satiate demand. Beyond emissions, factory farming is pure evil.
Best pigeon deterrent is a 12 bore .
Great analogy with the term "boats" not covering various seagoing vessels in relation to cattle production also as a term. We have the same challenge in Norway when it comes to convincing the EU that cattle production in Norway is something completely different than on the continent. Like the British Isles, most farms are relatively small and are traditionally run albeit with the latest modern technology. The farms are efficient, very environmentally friendly and the products are relatively local when they reach consumers. Today, this is an expensive form of production, but in relation to environmental friendliness, good quality and not least a rich cultural life in the countryside, it is definitely worth the cost.
Absolutely spot on about the beef farming. I recall one “vegan” moron on This Morning some time back and he had no relevant points to the uk beef farmer what so ever, he just shouted everyone down who didn’t agree with him and seemed to think all beef farming was cattle-lots as you described in the US and also South America and Russia. That’s the issue with mainstream media and in particular with the beeb,  they give far too much support to the in vogue minorities rather than giving well informed well balanced information from all parties involved.
Harry........ It's education (or lack of it), once people truly understand they will choose the obvious option.
The media are not interested in the truth. The BBC does not employ any genuine journalists anymore, only political operatives, and very ignorant ones at that.
Well said once again Harry, I've said before you learn more from Harry in 20 minutes than all the other fluffy biased outlets.
Love your videos Harry, both the farm and Garage, very well explained and detailed ! Great work!
Shows that the BBC only show what they want you to believe, they would have us eating grass and farting like troopers!!
Eating seasonally will help environment too.  We shouldn’t be able to get strawberry s in the winter.
I do like a well informed rant. I have friends and family in farming both arable and live stock, and they are fed up with being demonised, because as you said most of the info on the news doesn't represent the UK farmer.
Well done Harry for a balanced appraisal of your views on environmental impacts on farming, likewise on electric vehicles. Sadly common sense and logic don't make good headlines so showing a picture of a cow or a car exhaust pipe has more impact!! Keep up the good work
Bloody pigeons get in your bale hide and shoot the buggers    ..p. S.like the new jacket....cheers harry
No one will listen...when you talk common sense 😢
The BBC left wingers always trying to popularise veggies, farming has been around much longer than climate change has been noticed, the media always seem to overlook the elephant in the room - the explosion of human population, more than doubling in my lifetime
Ban the Beef!!
The irony is all the re-wilding projects that the vegan brigade are so keen on, such as flooding the best crop ground in the world (in the fens) or turning the worlds best pasture land (the uplands of the north and west) into peat bogs, produce a huge amount more methane than the sheep and cattle they're displacing.  They have no interest in facts or rational argument, only pure zealotry....And the BBC and other main stream media is standing right there by them.
I would love to see “J Class” accreditations being introduced to the farming sector based on Harry’s analogy
Thank you from Russia! Very true about eco-activists bias.
That kite's pining for the fjords Harry.
Too bad you spent that grain store bank loan on Evo magazine instead! Terrible investment!
That's why our Beef tastes so damn good... its the chicken farming that's gonna be the undoing of all Oh and anyone who listens to the BBC and believes it...
As always very informative Harry
Ah! The L322 Range Rover, as much as owners moan about reliability issues, parts costs etc. people stick with them and the roads are still full of them, that tells you something!, still got my 2011.
BBC have gone down the route of , spouting false truths ,,, they are like CNN  fake news , BBC isn't a patch to what it once was years ago .. because the clowns at the helm have a different agenda ., And Greg is nothing more than glorified food critics whose restraunts have flounderd   Ever sell any of your Beef direct to noted restraunts  like some other farms ???   and you woul; be better of letting locals in the village that like to hunt let them shoot the pidgeons .. on a regular basis . ..plus your getting free supply of wild game in the process . for dinner .  You should also visit other farmers so they can also give there perspective .. create a format to rival the Country file     , How often do you transverse your cattle from field to field ..  like farmers around where i stay .. do .
Eating less but good quality meat is the way to go...taste so good.
Fair play to you Harry putting the facts out there as they are. The BBC  and  RTE here in Ireland give out the same rubbish. It seems that national broadcasters have a major issue with putting out the truth with facts.
I totally agree with you Harri,  you mentioned English farmers  Ireland and Scotland farmers but what about the Welsh.??
Great counter point playing devils advocate is their proposition that the land should not be farmed at all so the benefit of pasture recycling Co2 and indirectly methane would occur with or without the cattle? I have noticed that this often the view that the people expect the food to be produced miraculously.
This is a gem of video, thanks Harry. Just shared in a group or voisin rationale grazing here in Uruguay 🇺🇾, 12 million cattle heads and over 80% of production made in open range pastures . Hope some day you can come or the other way around when all this covid thing finish. Cheers!
Well said Harry. Most country people are totally fed up with television programs which are aimed at putting farmers down. Most of them have no experience of farming and in my opinion should keep their views to themselves. They twist figures for own purposes. Oh yes, they think everyone should become vegan. A most unhealthy lifestyle. Can you imagine what the countryside would look like with no animals?
If we didn’t eat burgers and drink milk, cows would go extinct.
Well done Harry. Here in North America we face the issue, at least in the mid to northern part of the continent, winters that make impossible to graze herds as you can in the UK. Feed lots are more common as a result plus as you mentioned grass fed is the Roll Royce way to raise cattle.  Good video it hopefully make people think.
20 minutes from harrys Farm.on a Wednesday..? Oh go on then! Kettle on
Not accidental that everything is being looked at with a global perspective. Such a shame.
BBC Should be closed down
How do people think the oil, gas and coal got into the ground in the first place?
This is an ex-hawk! ;)
Thanks very much Harry very well explained.
Couldn't agree more!
Does the environment have an environmental impact?  Should we ban bears shitting in the woods? How about we ban volcanoes. Anyone who thinks a cow is bad for the environment is a eco terrorist, and they can kiss my Irish ass.
Always interesting to watch, just love Harry's Farm :)
climate change hysteria is always going to lead to one thing too many people on the planet and that is where this all leads to population reduction.
Genuine question as I have been following both channels for years now, as you have mentioned previously, the farm struggles to break even year on year,  how do you justify / afford the changes you discuss around the farm; they seem like a money pit?
Agenda 21 and 2030.
Buy British Beef and support our farmers!
Well Said Harry!   As a sheep and beef farmer in Northern Ireland I couldn't agree more.  The Beef and lamb  produced in  Britain and Ireland are the best in the world. Our Animals are well cared for and extremely well regulated
Very well presented. Hopefully the BBC will be knocking on your door now that they are increasing educational content👍
feeding the BBC to cows, pigs and chickens would help the mental health of the UK a lot
Fantastically put, I really think that this should be presented on the bbc instead.
Got to have a little rant sometimes !
Rice is a staple food for billions. Beef is easier to pick on because no one is going to die if production stopped.
Ah Harry is a Yorkshire Metcalfe. We have a few Metcalfe families   farming north of York. Well known local phrase ‘ you kick one Metcalfe they all limp ‘ . Good video . Thank you Harry
Fascinating insight from Harry as usual ...quite odd i get a advert for coconut milk half way through lol
The BBC don't do balanced content, haven't done for a very long time. The BBC is basically a mono-culture of metropolitan liberals obsessed with shallow virtue signalling "diversity" and scare story click bait.
Maybe Harry had a "little bit of a rant" but at least he used facts and figures and consideration of the whole cycle instead of the usual BBC journalistic idea of taking one small piece of the reality and exaggerating.
Farmers are ment to look after the land, custodians as it were.. Improve the land,, yet look at ALL the concrete and steel on your farm, on most farms, especially big diary farms... 2 of the worst pollutants possible,, dreadful carbon footprint... Fertiliser, how much Nitrogen you've used on them fields??? Big Bale wrap, how much plastic?? Etc etc.. Not impressed.. 🤔🤔
Well said Harry the media are the problem not the cows
See folks just bite without questioning.  In a natural environment there would be much more large mammals roving the land.  I’m unsubscribed to the bull- pun intended.   Just as Harry mentioned boat so many here just made assumptions but then I’m addressing Harry not yourselves.  In fact I’m a farmers son, now an estate manager so by all means keep it coming.... 😂
Very informative Harry 👍 think you hit the nail on the head when you said YOU researched it - the media does little to no research - the poor biased reporting is so bad now it’s not even worth watching the BBC or for that fact other news outlets  They are an embarrassment to their chosen career - and probably the most immoral group of people now
Go back 10,000 years and the World was covered with millions of heards of Mammoths, Horse, Bison and Deer. How much global Methane was in the atmosphere then compared to now?
The phrases common sense and open mind are whispered in hushed tones at the BBC unfortunately.
Top work Harry, very informative as per usual. I think you are overdue a slot on the BBC to give yours / beef farmers point of view on this increasingly covered issue.
rotting leaves and vegetation produces methane too ,  leave it to rot or have cattle and sheep to turn it into food  also the methane tracking satellite found the hotspots on leaky Russian gas pipes , not farms
Don't look to the BBC for balance anymore, they gave that up years ago.
Totally agree with you Harry , it seems to be an overbidding in enviorment laws in every country now these days based on wrong conklusens . 🇳🇴🐑🐏🐂Norwegian sheep and beef farmer
I find one of the best methods of reducing methane in the environment is to reduce the number of people creating lies, damn lies and statistics.
Great stuff as ever Harry, enjoyed watching that whilst enjoying a lovely slow cooked beef stew.  Could you not get a few more than 40 cows on a 100 acres of pasture though. Well Over 2 acres a cow seems quite a lot.
Thanks Harry. Needs saying and hearing.
Well said and explained Harry,  I live very near the Goodwood Estate and their way of producing beef seems very sustainable.  I long ago decided that cheaply,  possibly cruelly produced beef, chicken etc was not for me...I still eat it but a little less often and am happy to pay a higher price for sustainably produced,  quality meat. I'm afraid changing the mindset of American consumers and producers is another thing...especially the beef 'factories ' of South America,  Brazil,  Argentina,  etc! . Cheers,  Steve
Thank you Harry for educating us and giving us the bigger picture. This is why I watch this channel, to learn where my food comes from and effort that goes into producing it.
Thank you, very interesting and informative. Lot of things I didn't know.
Hi Harry, I think people need to understand that grazing livestock can actually sequester more carbon than it produces. Please watch this video if you have not done so by Allan Savory it is fascinating. https://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_fight_desertification_and_reverse_climate_change/transcript?language=en
Totally agree. Also, you make such a good point to counter the trophic-levels argument. There's a lot to be said for trophic levels (where only 10% of the solar energy captured is passed from one layer to the next). But, you or I cannot eat the grass. Grass is everywhere. It is one of the Worlds most common biomes.
Don't blame me I've been vegetarian for 25 years
Grass fed beef here in the US sells for $17.00 a pound vs regular @ $4.00 per pound. Consumers can choose or their wallets do?  If people want more sustainability they have to look into population growth before anything else. You do not care for 8 billions humans the same way you care for 2 billions.
Thanks Harry - well researched! I think the BBC programme ( not the BBC per say) would not have intentionally tried to present a misleading story. There is, quite rightly, a big discussion about climate change going on at the moment. Just to put the CH4 emission due to rice into perspective, you have to normalise the emission by the number of people being sustained by whatever it is you are considering. I eat a good piece of beef twice a month, it's expensive but it's something special. I think we've lost our sense of value with over and easy consumption of many things.
Off for a Burger me Think's....Ha !!
If you put the kite bolt upright it will not wrap or tangle, it will work
I'm shocked, someone is still watching broadcast TV?  In the developed world by far and away the largest contribution to emissions comes from burning hydrocarbon. Eating pastoral beef will have a very tiny net impact. In New Zealand we have this argument all the time because we have a lot of cows (not to brag) and they all graze year-round because the climate is very gentle. Yet we get compared to U.S. feed lot operations. 🤷🏻‍♂️
You should guest write collab with Mark Sisson from Marks daily apple. He is also passionate about this stuff
Great informative video as normal... If I was going to be critical....  you missed an opportunity for some Packham Bashing....
thing is it becomes too nuanced for daytime TV.  As soon as you tip off natural to factory cattle farms the scales tip very fast. The seaweed food supplements for cattle that absorbs a huge amount of the methane is just around the corner.
Hello Harry. What kind of cows are they? They kind of look like Danish/Swedish Reds colourwise, but the body look like a red Angus. Thx for the great videos, would love to see more about the DIY in the barn.
Well said about the beef farming situation Harry. Best wishes
420th like
Superb Harry, You should be invited onto the BBC & explain this to the ill informed
Preaching to the converted I’m afraid. We need a proper scientific study to enlighten the townies.
Was never interested in farming till you started this channel 👌🏽
You tell em Harry,usual media telling half the story,embellished half truths and glossed over or not mentioned facts from the other side of the argument  Nice to hear it from a farmer making his living at it not poncing about in a studio👍
I do have a moral problem with eating beef or pork, though. I've yet to see that they are less inteligent than our beloved pets. I wouldn't let anyone shoot a bolt into a dogs brain so it could be eaten, if you get my point.
A good graphical description of the cycle. Ruminant animals do a brilliant job, especially in areas where it’s not practical to do much else. After all, eating the grass soon after it grows is a pretty short cycle for capturing the light - and it’s nice to transfer some of it into ourselves as well!
Excellent rant, thank you for clarifying the beef situation in your usual clear and informative way.
The other thing to understand is how the 'greenhouse' effect works.  Sunlight is a range of frequencies from the electromagnetic spectrum.  All matter has the ability to absorb energy from the electromagnetic spectrum but different materials absorb different frequencies.  This is how radio works - metals absorb energy at a specific frequency.  Water absorbs energy at another frequency - microwaves.  Carbon dioxide and methane absorb energy at other specific frequencies.  Solar panels absorb energy at specific frequencies.  Plants photosynthesis by absorbing energy from specific frequencies.  But the energy in sunlight is not infinite.  There is an finite amount of energy and it is distributed amongst the different frequencies of sunlight.  Once all the energy at a specific frequency has been captured by a material then there is no more to capture so it doesn't matter if you increase the amount of matter.  The upshot is once the level of CO2 goes above a certain amount it will have absorbed all the energy at that specific frequency and increasing the amount of CO2 will have no further effect.  The people who make solar panels have known this since the 1960s when two engineers, Shockley and Queisser, published a paper on the subject.  To get greater than about 30% efficiency they have to make panels with multiple layers where each layer captures energy from a different frequency.  It's all known.
Looks idilick if come back as crow want to live their
Surely the problem isn't pure grass fed beef, it's the industrial farming of beef, where the herd sees very little actual grass if any at all. Fed processed protein, steroids, hormones and antibiotics.  Huge swathes of land converted to soy beans, where a mono-crop like soy will quickly destroy the soil. Surely the problem is man's craving for super cheap animal protein, which is not compatible with natural animal farming.
Grass fed rib eye tonight !!
I have to admit I eat less meat more from a cost perspective. Yet again the British Bullshit Corporation feeding selective facts and not, or even if they have omitting to tell the whole story. I suppose certain groups want us to plant more trees, great, we'll have a wonderful view but will be starving to death, unless your one of the people who advocate living on fresh air
everything Harry talkin about is interesting)
Such a good video
I love your vids Harry , both the garage and the farm , what I like is the honesty of laying out the costs ect and the way you explain things so we can understand what actually is happening on farms in our country , some of us may know someone in the farming world but most of us have no idea, and you bring it to us in a friendly and informed way , well done , keep up the good work
BBC = Fake News
I think a lot of people confuse beef production with how it's done in the USA, where it's mostly done on constrained land in pretty inhumane conditions.
Love the vids Harry, don't forget all the former coal mines, they have breather pipes to let out the methane
What if you left a field to return to meadow and then grazed cattle on it for a few years to return nutrients to the soil and then rotated the field?
Thanks Harry very timely ! I live in a farming community out in the sticks .. we produce organic beef for Waitrose + organic lamb for jcb/daylesford (among lots of other stuff) .. of course the village is increasingly overrun with animal rights environmentalists .. one of them has just written an article in the village magazine asking people to eat less meat .. I’m busy compiling a rebuttal (hence this vid being timely) .. the only thing I’m still not sure about is the environmental impact of winter housing for cattle .. fed on sileage + hay .. is that a closed loop too ? as the winter feed is all grown and harvested locally .. anyway, awesome vid as ever thanks 😀👍👍
its not just the english countryside, we are a "united" kingdom, c'mon man ! this land is not just england.
Vegans create more co2, fact !
Exactly as I always thought.  I know you can't grow crops on a hillside - how could you plough it?  You only have to look at places like Wales and the north of England where it is hilly to see that the only thing that grows is grass.  So if people did not use that land for livestock then that land would not be used for food production.  You would then need to use the crop producing land even more intensively to make up the food loss.  As I understand it, intensive crop production is stripping the soil of nutrients already.  The other inconsistent nonsense I read about is this frankly disgusting suggestion of eating insects.  Yet I next read how insect species are facing extinction.
AHDB have been promoting ‘Eat Balanced’, their Facebook page is full of loonies saying beef is destroying the rainforest. Mine isn’t, but there is no telling some people. Well done for trying to get the message across.
I think the story for environment change from eating beef , comes more from industrial beef farming,( gmo feed and antibiotics given to cattle, in the states) and cutting down trees in the amazon forest area to create pastures to  raise cattle, , if the land itself can raise and maintain a number of farm animals safely, and humanely , then that process makes sense , manure and chemical runoff from industrial farms hurt everyone.
Yes the arguments always more subtle than saying, having lots of cattle is bad or having no cattle is good. That’s just a convenient easy to understand  argument for either side to espouse.Issues like this are always more complicated and subtle than that and somewhere in the middle between having vast amounts of cattle and having none, there is a happy median where a small amount of well managed cattle has many benefits which outweigh the co2 emissions and are right for farmers and consumers alike.
Every video is a trip back to school 👍🏼
Harry the hero, multimillionaire farmer, but buys Chinese made hawk kites on ebay, outstanding effort!
A very good point and nailing it down to it's core. I think one of the reasons people are so sick is the industrial beef farms where they feed the animals way too much protein rich food aka junk. With that there is a saying what goes around,comes around.
A necessary rant if ever there were one, 👏🏻 the problem with all these critics and “experts” not sure where Greg Wallace falls into that? 🤔 he usually too busy mentioning his mum 🤷🏻‍♂️ but they never come out with an alternative or a viable solution to anything   And as you say Harry, they don’t actually need to IF they actually read the FACTS of a matter
I eat veggie most days, currently unemployed for the first time in 30 years, my real treat is a bit of beef on my plate. I do feel that buying kites from China isn't gonna cure your problem and will also take money out of the pockets of local people who can just shoot pigeons. I live in Suffolk and have never felt great about the way Pheasants are raised just to be shot at by Londoners in their Range Rovers and Hunter Wellies. Maybe we should just get back to basics and farm in a way that is sustainable and includes an income for local people.
Can someone PLEASE tell AOC about this information please!! 🙏
The bbc made in china ! what's happening with the tree planting program ! how many millions of Buffalo was killed and replaced with domestic cow.
It doesn’t matter how you farm cattle for them, they are the vegi hippies from yesteryear that have gotten into power and forcing their ideology on to us🤬  Global warming is a hoax, CO2 is good.
well said sir 👍
Great insight. Thanks for the education.
Harry, has the media over-reacted about the chemicals used in farming that harm bees? I hear it's only used to rare cases, in the UK AND Europe. All very confusing if you're a tiler like me!
Been following your channels for a while now! Looking to get into farming myself one day. Great analogy about how general the term boat can be
are these Lincoln Reds?
How about inviting Jezza Clarkson round with a machine gun. Pigeons might disappear.  🤔🤔
Brilliant video as always Harry 👍
We don't eat beef that often but when we do we look for grass fed beef, simply because we think it's consistently better quality. Never really looked into the differences in environmental impact of the different beef farming regimes. Very interesting!👍
yep don't disagree, but culling the deer would aid woodland regeneration and provide organic venison, why not, oh bambi! thats it environmentally what is needed is a well managed doe cull to reduce the deer population and manage at a sustainable density to reduce the cost of tree establishment and allow cost effective ancient semi-natural woodland management.
BBC and media in general are buggers for doing this sort of thing. Anything to wind people up and boost figures without a balance scientific and accurate presentation. Well done Mr Metcalfe for redressing the balance not that the BBC will see it and if they did they'd just get all defensive.
BBC spouting crap
Nail on the head Harry, yet again. So fed up with selective facts, I started a degree in envirnomental science 2 years ago, trying to find the truth. If the green vegan brigade took time to look at the damage almond milk, rice, avocados etc do to the environment, the soap box wouldn't seem so high!
BBC seems to have become very lazy in general - much of the 'news' is based on press releases from pressure groups - far more entertaining for the masses to show a cow farting, than it is to explain the subtleties of CO2 and Methane cycles.....   Interesting video as ever thanks
Happy Lockdown.. Keep us sane Harry. Cheers
I may sue you Harry for using a Thumbnail of my wife! How dare you! 😂😂
A properly logical conclusion regarding the beef there. Very nice to see in this absurd world these days.
Methane from Landfill is used to produce electricity, great, unfortunately most of the Landfills (waste companies) in the UK were bought by French and Spanish companies who  ship train loads of waste back into the UK sites they own .. on Animal Methane, yes they’ll only publish what they want you to hear now . Keep on Farming , we need our (UK) produce more than ever now 👍🏻
I was surprised that you had taken up kite flying 😁
Exactly how you say “it doesn’t sell the newspaper” . We know what’s going on Harry.  Respect and greetings from Slovakia 🇸🇰
Oh Harry 🤦🏻‍♂️ you forgot to mention Submarines are also called boats 🚣‍♂️, how are the Woke people going to get through their day now.  🤪🤣
I love me some Harry's farm :)
Unsubscribed
Best wishes from Germany to you ❤️🇩🇪❤️
Great videos - farm and cars.
