Landlords will just use those loopholes
Nothing about how mass immigration affects the housing situation? Where are they all living, not in tents just of the A1 I can assure you. House building will never keep up with the increase in population due to uncontrolled immigration.
14 years of misery, Tories out...
This will not solve the housing crisis.  Immigration needs cutting and more homes built.  Not more crappy HMOs
would never vote for conservatives if you paid me they will never see power again in this country watch the General election will be a land slide away from them will lose every single seat
Is there any follow up on this? The tories seems to have stalled this on forever. What are they planning on telling us for the next elections? Apart from "Immigrants take our jobs boo"
So let’s look into this:  1. Even though section 21s will be scrapped, landlords can either sell the home (maybe to their family and reclaim it when you move out) or increase your rent until you move out.  2. Landlords needing to allow pets unless the landlord can reasonably refuse this for example for allergies which they could lie on.  So far there are multiple loopholes in this bill and landlords will try their absolute best to screw with tenants rights.   Don’t get me wrong there are genuine landlords out there that are good and don’t deserve the things a lot of bad tenants too I’m not denying that. But there has to be real security for the landlord and tenant and it seems like this bill needs some more modifications to it.
Supposed "no fault" evictions don't exist.. Section 21 is when a fixed term tenancy contract has expired and the landlord dusrnt want to renew. Maybe.. Maybe. Landlords should be obliged by law to renew but at theoment Section 21 evictions are where the tenant is at fault by refusing to leave at the end at expiry of the tenancy contract. Private landlords aren't Social Landlords.. Giving private tenants the same rights as Council tenants is bashing round pegs into square holes. Already private landlords are quitting because of the new proposed law. Private landlords don't want to hand their keys for the ife of the new tenant. At the very leat, they want a probationary period. Rent supply will decrease and rents only increase. Instead we should be building a lot more Council Housing with private renting reverting to its long term purpose of being for young people starting out, students, internees, newly divorced, newly arrived immigrants, ex pats and wealthy middle class able to easily switch from bad  landlords.
Let's run thru this to illusrtate this point further: a) "No fault evictions banned", except if the Landlord decides to sell the property and therefore terminates any contract with little notice and then changes his mind about selling the property. No recourse for the tenant even after this becomes obvious. b) "Landlord database", sounds like a great idea in principle! What does this mean exactly? who knows! Could simply be a glorified voluntary linkedin or job services provider with no real information of note. For "privacy reasons" of course. c) "A right to have pets", except of course, if the landlord has a "reason" to say no according to themselves then "the right" no longer applies. Wow, groundbreaking lads. This is almost as earth shattering as the Freedom of Speech, as long as people agree with what you have to say. In other words, completely useless as a principle because dictatorships give you to freedom of speech to say what the ruling party wants you to say too lmao.  What a joke!
This bill seems to, at least, what we can see in this video mean.... absolutely nothing and gaurentee zero rights merely pretend to do so. It's an incredibly british and conservative party maneuver, a whole lot of false assurances and no guarantees to assuage concerns.
What about doing away with age discrimination.. they dont want to rent a room to me either working or not as over 60.  S 21 moved back who knows why!!! It s anotger farce snd why hsve rents doubled for dumps exactly???
Do they really want to solve the housing crysis? Then kick certain large foreign investors - who invest by buying (not building) residential buildings - out of the country, e.g. Wall Street hedge funds. Make property related investments more transparent as well and don't let the City wash dirty money.
The joke is that the very worst landlords are local authorities.  As being a landlord becomes more punitive landlords will sell up and more people will be homeless … Cause and effect!  Governments just don’t put their brains (do they have any?) in gear. Daft in the extreme!
Anything but taxing land...
I really wish we didn't have to wait another year to get rid of these useless wankers.
Well in order for this quote to work,"They will own nothing and be happy" they would have to get their goonies messing with housing so that they can convince people that renting would be seen as a good thing to do, instead of owning their own property.
What a shit bill no cap, supply and demand will not change anything regarding rent increases.
Big increase of mrtg caused my landlord to give me notice of £200 rent increase. With bills continue increasing and wage increase is almost unfelt, id be homeless.
Toxic feudalism.
Great video but wearing a poppy is a political statement and you can't then call yourself unbiased/neutral. It makes me call into question all your previous videos and it will change how I view your channel going forward
Anything but relax building regs, because that would negatively affect the corrupt goverments investments
The first thing we need is a damn rent cap
let me save everyone some time, no he has not
We should be mad at the waste of money on HS2 and not mad at landlorda
Don't forget you'll own nothing and be happy
No. He hasn’t and never will
Has anyone got a problem with any of these things I think the main problem is how high rent is compared to wages
The biggest issue with renting is the high prices that is not going to be resolved by allowing renters to have a pet fish.
You're so bouncing on the current governments D its embarrassing
They need to cap the rental market. It’s getting out of control!
I didn't realise what a shitshow rebting in the uk is. Greetings from Germany
I smell… red herring. Prime example of doing something without actually doing anything. Top stuff 😑👈
Can we just appreciate how refreshing it is to listen to some news which is unbiased, free of rhetoric, free of dogma and free of edgy takes. (atleast as far as I can tell)
Sunak won't fix anything , we have 2 Indians as mayor and prime  minister , funny that the both are useless and send so much money back to there wife's and family's,  I'm embarrassed to be Welsh and would never admit to being British this coh try is a true shit hole
Landlords should get to decide if they want pets in their property. There should be laws about rent control too, like rent can only be increased by a certain maximum percentage every year.
Every economist knowing that restrictive legislation does nothing but make the problem worse. The more governments intervene, the less competition there will be to drive consumer prices to a more attractive equilibrium. Government policy is for votes, not solutions…
Hi landlord here. I'm pulling out of single lets and converting to HMOs and serviced accomodation. So are lots of other landlords. To hell with the continuous rules and making landlords increasingly vulnerable to rogue tenants. There is nothing to protect against if a family stops paying rent tomorrow, I'm out of rent for 8 months. Imagine someone squatted in YOUR house or YOUR car for 8 months. AND the government supported it.  I'm allergic to dogs and cats by the way :)))))... actually nah changed my mind, just dogs. (I love dogs, just not changing the carpets of a whole house when someone's terrier has pissed in EVERY SINGLE corner).
“You’ll own nothing and you’ll be happy”
Another thing to wipe my arse with...
What they have to do is put limits on the price of gas and electricity
No they've meddled so lots of private landlords have got rid of rental stock and pushed rental prices higher
The second point is more beneficial than you think, I used to negotiate rent with a landlord and they would say the rent increase is due to mortgage rates going up. If the tenant knows that the landlord owns the home outright they can claim bull on this.
I find it amazing that anyone is actually able to rent. Like who on earth has £600 a month for a crappy 2 bed house just laying around and then on top of that bills ect. so then your pretty much paying about £900 a month for tax, rent, gas electric and then on top of that food bills and water rates. So if you make around £1800 after tax which is probably the UK average your then expected to save up and pay all your other bills with what's left of that £900. I'm 31 and have two kids full time single dad and work for the ambulance service and still can't afford to rent my own place. Trying to save up for a mortgage is almost impossible because house prices are just daft. I might have to end up selling feet pics on only fans at this rate
An imposed rolling tenancy comes that’s bad for everyone.
nooooooo - thomas the home owner
Uncontrolled rental property market has lead the economy to where it is now🤷.
So essentially the renters reforms are just more of the same shit under a different name... 🤦🏻‍♂️
“You will own nothing and be happy 😅”
Tories will never allow pro-tennant laws, just like they wont allow pro-union laws. They concentrate power into a small number of people, which tends to benefit themselves (the tories) and make like Nero while Rome was burning
Im nesrly 40 and always rented and cannot see an end to it.
And what about owning a home
The government has made being a landlord less favourable with the tax changes. 250000 rental properties dropped out the rental market in the past year. Further changes that are unfavorable towards landlord will encourage more to sell and rent prices will increase again as they have in the past year.
The loophole could be fixed by exempting the property (on the new database) from being rented for one year upon the declaration of intended sale. Nobody wants to lose a year of rent.
Your Landlord parasite apparently can also give you 2 weeks notice if they decide to sell apparently....so it is now worst than under section 21 where you had 2 months notice...and as was pointed out, the parasite does not have to follow through with an actual sale. Additionally they can give you 2 weeks notice if they want to rent to a close relative! Not worth the paper its printed on and unsurprisingly makes things a lot worst for tenants!!!
Seems there’ll soon be a positive correlation between landlords having pet allergies then 🤧
shit bill, full of loopholes
Why isnt there a database for Tennants so landlords can see if the Tennant has paid rent in the past or has been evicted etc???? Seems like again tennants have more rights than the landlords, end of the day its not the tennants house, they're paying to use someone elses, if you dont like the house rules then find another house to live in, how is that a hard concept to understand.
Shizen changes
How tf! Is owning a pet going to help the rental market situation? Wtf!
We need to stop building houses because they are not affordable and they never put any infrastructure in, i.e roads, schools, gp's, water storage and waste disposal
You can only rent based on inflation. Rental eslcalations based on cpi data. If you evict someone you can only rent at the same price and don't get to hike the price, you can only raise it according to inflation.  Problem solved.
just smoke and mirrors lookingfor votes...typical tory bullshit tactics
No DSS No smokers No pets for 99.9999% of all rented properties
Private landlord in most cases are also living month to month, you increase how much they have to pay for the mortgage per month that money has to come from somewhere a.k.a the tenant, so things like increasing the council tax you pay for additional properties also makes it way to the tenant, and pets would be nice.... but they would also need to increase rent to pay for potential damage, to our failed government, if you want to help the people step out of power or get mortgage rates down so that will make its way to the tenants and help all of us keep the heating on this Christmas.
If anything all this is going to do is convince even more property owners not to rent their property. They’ll either air bnb or sell them.
More people WON’T be living in the private sector: because there won’t be a private renter sector. Another absolutely stupid move, and yet another boat load of landlords selling up; good * luck finding anywhere to rent at all.
If the database of landlords is essentially a "landlord quality score" then that's something I'm fully behind. As a tenant it often feels as though we're the subject to scrutiny and have to ensure we fit the requirements the landlord is looking for. However, I've had to deal with some shocking landlords and often landlords forget that without tenants this whole investment falls down. I would happily pay more to a respectful landlord who supports the tenant, they're not unicorns and they do exist! :)
Both sides of the aisle have a disproportionate amount of landlords, neither the govt or the opposition have any motivation to give renters more rights
Due to increased risk to landlords, i see an increase in rents.
So something weird happened to us last week. Landlord said he wanted to put the property up for sale and would serve us with a section 21 when there was a sale going through. I asked him to consult with us first before putting it on the market, that we'd be interested in buying the property of him. I got a reply 2 days later saying it's no longer going up for sale.  Did he want to evict us? The estate agents, acting on his behalf, gave some bogus excuse saying ideally he wanted an investor to buy the property because of void time and so on. I don't see how any void time is involved if us, the tenants were interested.
Your videos seem to be Europe focused or the west focused
It's due to these practices that British used to go abroad and loot other places.
We have a lot of cash with misses and you're talking well over half a million and we're renting. We're not buying any of these terrible properties that are well over 70% overpriced
I’m sorry landlords need to squeeze more, they are a big part of why the uk in a mess. It’s pushed up house price more as there not viewed as a home, but as a investment opportunity. City have just become to expensive to live so job are getting unfilled or people having to commute further, increasing road traffic. It keep a lot of people poor and have no assets. So I’m sorry landlords but I will support any party with harder rules/tax’s on you guys.
😂 This is laughable. Politicians don't fix problems, they only fix the optics of the problem. Get a fucking cat🙀. That will solve  renting problems as much as Risha BS
So we can now own a pet before we realize we cannot afford the rent on our pitiful minimum wage
They anything other than deregulating housing and zoning laws.
If they just built more council houses there wouldn’t be this issue
stopping no fault evictions without putting controls on rent price increases could easily result in landlords using excessive increses as a method of forcing a faultless tennant out. moving home does not just mean living in a new property but takes but costs money and a lot of time to tettle in and make it your home. if there is ever an excuse for a non fault eviction like putting the property up for sale landlords should have to cover the financial costs to the tennant. theres the costs of moving belongings, the cost of decorating a new property to their tastes, and possibly hiring a team to landscape the garden at the tennants new home if they have invested sufficient time into laying out the old one.
RENTING is not OWNING... their is NOTHING good about long term renting NOTHING you lose wealth renting.
You will own nothing and be happy. The famous words of the evil WEF
Extra red tape now is stupid.   With high property prices and high interest rates, landlords are selling up in droves. There simply isnt any profit anymore.   The government dictats to allow tenant's pets to piss all over the carpets are simply the cherry on the cake. The bankrupt local authorities who will have to house people will have to deal with that mess.
I was ready to hear some good policy, but in the end turns out i get to keep a pet while paying 2x my salary in rent 😂
"Has Sunak Fixed Renting" Never laughed so much in my life! 🤣 Classic comedy this is! Complete and utter joke! 🤣
All this waffling and nothing to cap rents. Wtf? It's like saying What's wrong with YOU I manage to pay £1500 a month for a 1 bedroom flat and save. Just what are we supposed to do? I feel people are victims of landlords. Who gave them that title anyway Lord of what? Help me I'm so confused aaaaaaaaah...
Stop shilling us this unelected joke of a PM!
Fixed as in corupted for his cronies? Yes!
Don't trust Sunak don't trust Humza Yousaf..
When are you going to just accept the cause for increased rent is due to more people coming into this country.  Landlords and CEO's love it and you help them by gaslighting people that point out the obvious. We're not about invalidating the people just an acceptance that we're moving towards an AI economy which will have fewer jobs and require more funding for socialist appeal like retraining, ubi, healthcare.
Hmm this bill will bring in institutional renting/ letting , the private Landlord is a thing of the past, rents will skyrocket . as Landlords have to pay to be on  Database  etc
Is the rise in older renters because the renters have got older?   i.e. aged, nd not bought a property?  I mean, that's what happens _'ceteris paribus'_ as you economists like to say.  As for pets, my apartment is in a block where no pets are allowed in any apartment: cats, dogs, fish, reptiles, and insects are listed as banned.  This is fairly common I think, and it's probably both kinder to the animals and very practical.  Mind you, I've never kept an insect pet so not sure.
The Rogue Landlords and Yes they exist use all sorts of nasty tactics to up the rents, Renovations, Noise , pretend they are selling and then double and treble the rents for new tenants, the existing tenants are supported by fair rental increases so getting rid of them is the aim, the councils planning Dept facilitate the social cleaning, happening in my area and tenants forced out with threats and intimidation absolute disgrace, they are even working in packs together like the mafia.
Literally don't know why we don't just copy what NYC does and have rent stabilized apartments
He couldn't fix a house made of play dough
The government is at fault for this…  The sale of council estate property to private landlords  The over regulation of self builders.  A decade of low rates.  The help to buy scheme aka help to inflate price scheme.  Unregulated immigration applying rental positive price pressure and simultaneously applying negative wage growth.  The list is literally endless… and the fact we now have a government pretending they’re brining regulation to the market to help anyone is ridiculous… there’s always an agenda and any government assistance will benefit a select few while most likely further impoverishing the working class.
The central issue is that many tenants are effectively trapped by increasing rent costs, with no viable alternatives. Despite my salary tripling in a year, it's still impossible to secure a loan for a 2 or 3-bedroom house in our neighborhood. Even as a high earner, with the top portion of my salary taxed at 40%, the best I can hope for is a loan for a small studio or 1-bedroom apartment in my area which is not an option with family. This situation is absurd, especially considering the needs of families, who often require at least a 2-bedroom home. The lack of affordable housing options, coupled with the necessity to stay in a specific area for the sake of children's life, creates an unsustainable situation where saving to buy a home becomes an unattainable dream.
Rents are too high during this cost of living crisis 😢
the reason landlords use section 21 is becasue section 8 notice requires going thru the court, which can take over 12-18 months. In the most common situation where a landlord wants/needs to recover the property, rent arrears, waiting 12 months just to get a possession order from the courts and then another 2-3 months for a bailiff to act on this would financially cripple the landlord. Hence, most landlords choose to file a section 21 as this does not require going thru the courts to get a possession order. This can still take 6 months, but is significantly better for the landlord. Please understand that reporting that landlords are kicking tenants out for "No reason" is inaccurate - there is always a reason, but a landlord may opt to take a legal route that requires no reason to expedite possession.
Literally the bill You have you're own pet! (except when it's inconvenient for the landlord) You won't be evicted for no reason!(unless your landlord is willing to wait 3 months) What an incredible bill this fixes all the problems with renting
To anyone in the uk seeing this  , (Blackpool ) to be specify I m Nigerian …I have work but I’m having rental crisis,at a friends house temporary stay ,I am new so I need a house for me and my wife and 2 kids …per month payment basis I have no problem putting up an extra month for security deposit I just need somewhere to stay while I work  …I also have a business back home so rent is not an issue …I just need help if you have any way to help please respond to this comment please
...... how about a "corruption reform bill" ?................
the (1) clause will only resulting landlords choosing their tenant more carefully or in other words more supporting docs to   present to landlord in order to rent a place. Just complicating things up.
there's no end to stupidity. the empire has fallen, lol.
This is all nonsense the Tories created the Housing crisis as most of the Landlords are probably Tory donors anyway & why aren't  CONservative Party Donors Estate agents regulated ??
Can we have a Rolls Royce reform too? I went to the dealership in Mayfair London and it was outrageous how much they were charging! I demand they reduce the payments to £200/month and mandate a non discriminatory policy.   Can anyone else now realise how unbelievable it is to propose reforms to a BUSINESS enterprise that factors accommodation? Landlords are not fucking charities and as a landlord who is very good with my tenants these reforms are incomprehensible as where do they stop? Start taxing M&S on turnover as well? Because landlords are! Start making business remove all profit margins to pander to the poor?
This does not go nearly far enough - this is a good set of legislation, and credit is due to the tories for pushing this through. However, any legislation on the rental and housing market that does not specificaly aim to reduce the cost and increase the quality of rented accomodation (and housing stock in general) is to completely miss the basic reality of the housing crisis. They need to hamstring nimbyism, instruct cities to halve their green belts, and significantly loosen the regulations around listed buildings (especially the victorian era dense urban areas, which is turning beautiful areas of the UKs larger cities into places full of damp, cold drafty accomodation, because the repairs and modifications needed to modernised are made either too expensive or disallowed completely. I also would suggest they might undertake design competitions for city and town-level expansions and renovations, so we can reduce the over-reliance on the sterile, packed-in and extremely car-centric detatched and semi-detached housing developments to replenish UK housing stock, as well as build as cheaply, and beautifully as possible. At this point I would even welcome a degree of german style rent-control, or re-introduce the position of rent-officers, whose job is to enforce 'reasonable,' renting rates, with an emphasis on afordability. The housing crisis needs to be dealt with forcefully.
Sonak should fix the house rent issues
Placing Murdoch owned sky in the middle tells you all you need to know about that clearly rubbish app.
Radical idea: LVT.
If lying Boris and that serial  groper Handoncock can find a way to fill thier pockets am fairly sure Sunsk can fix it😂😂
As someone who’s just been priced out of London - No, he hasn’t
I suspect this bill will if anything increase rents.  It's like saying supermarkets can only supply luxury lasagne and value brands are to be banned.  It's fine if you can get hold of the luxury lasagne but many people will not be able to afford it or find it.  This renters' reform bill will not help supply, and will increase rents imo.   Vastly increase the supply of housing to buy and rent and landlords will not be able to be as picky with tenants and rents will go down.  The government wants to look like its doing something, while making the situation much worse.
Lol
What happened to the bill that was supposed to base Rent on the quality and size of domicile? Where I live, we got people trying to Rent 1 room flats (so called Studio) for over £600 a month..
Easy way to fix the housing crisis. Ban all MPs from being landlords.
Great, now I can struggle to make rent but also have a cat.. which costs money..
I rent property, however have no issues at all with the reform, really doesn’t bother me in the slightest. I ensure I take care of the property & have been really lucky that I have had good tenants thankfully.  The Landlord Database is a positive move in my opinion.
3 months without receiving rental income will be a fairly significant penalty for a landlord who ends a tenancy with no actual intention of selling the property, so I expect this new bill to be successful. If we find that in a couple of years time, this 3 month clause is being used for the wrong reasons, then one solution would be to increase it to 4 or 6 months. However, there will be scenarios where a landlord genuinely wishes to sell a property, then something changes within 3 months and they decide to rent it out again, so 3 months feels fair to me. p.s. British property prices are way overvalued and what we really need is cross-party support in gradually reducing property prices over a 10-20 year period. My gut feel is that we should be paying 50% less for the property we live in.
I read an article the other day saying something like "Maintenance loan is starting to not cover uni students rent". I physically laughed, i work 30 hr weeks to pay my rent, ontop of uni, and have done for 3 years. My rent in 9+k a year for what feels like a prison cell, and we get locked into long contracts or we have to go private.  If you know anything about cornwall, youll know that private is so much worse, with prices and availability being terrible.  And they want more people to be educated to a uni level, good luck, i sacrafice alot to stay in school, including school
I'm not a landlord and not renting out a place, but a few takes on this.  1. What if the landlord is planning to sell their house to move back in to the rented out property? I would agree the tenant should not be evicted if it was still within contract and no notice was provided, even if it means the landlord is sleeping on the street, because that's not the tenant's fault. However, if the landlord provides sufficient notice to not renew tenancy, that's down to them. Tenants should be given more power in this matter, but placing all the power in the hands of the tenant is going to turn out badly with a lot of tenants exploiting this to basically ruin the house in subtle ways, late rent, etc.  3. Why is this even a thing? It's an agreement. You either agree to it or you don't. It shouldn't be forced on people. Reminder that pets are properties of the owner, they don't have rights, and if you want to argue they do have rights, then you lose the right to OWN them. Take your pick, you either OWN it, making it a property, or you don't OWN it, so you have to let it off your hooks.   Changing some of these will just result in more landlords pulling out of the market, which in turn results in less supply, which in turn results in even higher rent prices, which in turn results in more people on the street. This is just dog turd straight up.  What needs to be properly addressed is the rent price. If there's a reasonable cap and landlords can't milk more from a new tenant, it's unlikely they'll boot out the current tenant for no reason, because that's just causing trouble for themselves.
Biggest problem is the cost! How about lower house costs then people can actually afford to buy!
"The right to own a pet" will definitely solve the housing crisis 😂
Easy. Ban buy to let   Reform the house purchase process to alleviate costs for buyers   Build houses in smart places (Not flood land) allowing for extra space & installation of infrastructure.   All that stands in the way of this is a lot of very very wealthy people who’ve made their money off the back of the broken system we live with.
Build more houses (by reducing requirements for building)
Listen I get that people struggle with the idea of insecurity with renting BUT you are living at a house that is NOT yours in exchange for money and you do this almost completely without oversight you could wreck the place and it’s cost you your deposit sure but it could costs the landlord way more how far does this bill go before landlords just don’t own the property anymore!? People deserve the right to own things when they take risks like renos and such take that away then there’s less on the market and the cost of housing is just going to go up
Landlords will decide to invest elsewhere, causing tenants to lose out. Landlords make the housing market more efficient. If you discourage landlords you hurt tenants
Oh well I won't be renting my property out then. Got friends that have had non payers and took over a year to evict.  Sorry my house, my rules (with fair notice to evict)
What about legislation to make living without paying rent for months on end and wrecking the landlord's house a crime? If I am caught by the police keying a car I will rightly receive a fine, yet tenants who owe tens of thousands in unpaid rent and property damage - that's a civil matter... Tenants already have far too much immunity from prosecution, so the government gives them more.  Brilliant.
I have had a tenant for two years. Her tenancy it stated she can't have a pet. She has a dog and it poo's all over the drive. She doesn't clean it up. It's even urinated on the carpet. So I'm sorry I need to put thr rent up. I am already charging way below the market vale.
Conservative government: Old people vote for us, old people own homes. Make them happy Study shows renters getting older: Gosh let's help those renters shall we
This is the government again doing the bare minimum to make uninformed people to think they’re helping renters. The loophole in no fault evictions is deliberate because the tories are almost all landlords
Every landlord we know are gradually selling their rented properties , we sold one last year, another going next week, no ones buying houses to rent out, so in a few years time there will virtually be no private houses left to rent.
Useless goverment with useless bill. Here's a better bill:  landlords cannot charge renters more than the cost of the mortgage - it cannot charge customers for interest they pay on mortgage. landlords cannot own more than 1 BTL mortgage landlords cannot prevent ANY tenants from owning a pet (they can charge a "small fee" to cover the cost plus request special cleaning at end of tenancy) goverment to regulate max rent and max rent increase (for those getting stupidly expensive mortgages) income tax is chargeable on rent cost
I will write this comment for the economically illiterate veneers of this channel.... Any and all barriers to the entry in to the rental market will push down supply and lower supply is higher prices 😅 So the Cameron tax grab on mortgage interest tax relief forced most private landlords out of the market and drove down supply and increased prices  This latest round of regulations and controls is frightening the last of the hangers on out of the market now with the energy requirements coming in a few years being the final nail in the coffin Rents are through the roof now as the So called Conservative government has successfully destroyed the small business supporting the rental sector with almost 4 in 10 landlords having sold up and half the rest now selling up😅 Good luck renting a home now with almost 7 applications for every available rental unit  You are getting the normal traditional socialist lifestyle  No availability of goods and services sky high and unaffordable prices  With the maximum possible regulations bureaucratic burden = Landlords are bankrupt and renters are homeless 😅 Go the full house and get rent controls and see half the country homeless 😅 Regulations strangle enterprise  You never learn
Stup*d reform bill to be honest… just more money for the landlord simple as that
The tories will never do anything for anyone unless they are big business
You guys must be busy these days with the world going into anarchy.
How about "solving housing" by making it more profitable for property developers, landlords and rentiers? That's what Tories do best and where their interests lie, after all.
I tell people at work that what I learnt about UK people is that 'Not ideal' = 'F"£$"^""   Raznfraknraznfrakn horse"£$"£%", piece of "£$"£% '
None of this will fix the most important issue - affordability   It’s more expensive to rent to then to own a house and pay a mortgage,   So it’s more expensive to be poor  😂
stopping no fault helps councils and emergency housing issues. but the insane rise in prices is draining the general economy
Wish they’d prevent landlords ramming the rent up by 30% making tenants destitute or making them homeless. And wish they’d have a landlord reporting scheme where you can report atrocious maintenance of the property or treatment of the tenants, with an some way of enforcing change
This had me wondering about public housing in the UK, and one quick wiki browse about the history of public housing mentioned Thatcher and told me, nuff said.
Already a huge amount of private landlords are quitting - c.30% have sold over the last 4 years due to the taxation changes. Also most landlords are aged 60+ and ready to “retire” from being a landlord, you hardly find any young people getting into it. I’m a relatively younger landlord (42) with 4 rental properties and the % return from rental income is now far less than a simple savings account so makes more sense putting the money in the bank and a lot less stressful / risky with unpredictable tenants. With the house prices coming down it and mortgage rates going up dramatically it makes sense to cash in and get out - if you can - I tried but couldn’t sell there are hardly any buyers due to falling house prices. Any landlord with a 75% mortgage is now making a loss every month with the interest rates so high and all the other costs of letting agent fees, insurances, maintaining and repairing the property, the new landlord licenses, accountancy fees, etc. This new bill is just another reason to quit. Soon as the house prices start rising again a huge amount of landlords will be selling - wait and see.
The dying days of the Tory Government is full of poison.
This is probably my favourite topic😬 and the solution is quite simple....  Limit the amount of buy to rent properties that a person or a company can own and voila the UK's biggest problem is solved.   I personally know landlords with 20+ properties... Almost every one of these listed as a shared house where a room costs about £600 a month on average... Do the maths on that...
But still doing nothing about the biggest problems renters face - extortionate pricing and shitty standards.  Typical politics. Lot of talk, no real changes.
Damn the UK government is giving renters the right to own a pet, they just fixed the housing crisis
"improving the renting experience" is exactly what they want to achieve, this is all about softening up the renting populus for when the housing corporations buy up the housing stock and create a monopoly for rent only living.
If you think any of this will ever change you need to wake up. We are fucked.
I have in my lease hold agreement that i’m not allowed to own a pet in my flat, would be interested in how you wouldn’t be able to get past this as a renter
The reform bill is far too little far too late to attract any young voters. We need a government that's willing to take aggressive action against the stranglehold the landlord class has on younger working people. Housing monopolies need to be dismantled and new builds need to be kept under the control of councils. We should be making it illegal for any more housing to get sucked into the private rented sector.  Of course, I don't have great hopes for Labour to take the bold action needed.
so a load of useless bullshit basically
it sounds like the bill is a whole lot of nothing
No he lined his buddies pockets and impressed his daddy in law
allergies of the landlord is not a reasonable reason.
Did Ireland not try this sort of thing and it really didn’t work. People just left houses empty as an investment to sell years later for more.
So much can be fixed by Sunak by calling for elections and sodding off tomorrow
If your landlord doesn’t want you there, I’ve no idea why anyone would want to stay for any length of time anyway
Any bill for bad tenants?!  There are some tenants damaging property and landlords cannot remove them.  This is not a fair deal isn't it.
anything other than de-emphasising housing as the centre of household wealth will solve the issue. Questioning Thatcherite dogma is far more offensive in Whitehall than actual human suffering.
The biggest problem with the rental system is that over the years the governments have made makeing houses available for renting unattractive for landlords by gradually reducing the returns so landlords are selling their houses adding to the rental shortage.
Pet part is bonkers
More people are renting because more people can't afford a house- it's made to sound like it's a choice people make, not something people have to do.
TLDR videos are becoming unbearable.  25-30% of this video was a cleverly weaved in ad for Ground news.   I get that channels have to make money, but this is just ridiculous.   Most other channels will give a shout out/30-second dialogue.
A question: when I visited London I noticed apartments offered for rent are advertised for "let". So isn't the common term for renters in the UK something like "letters"?
First error in the video; the size of the renting sector has not increased massively over the last 20 years or so,  it is the size of the PRIVATE rented sector that has increased massively, social/council housing as %age of total housing has been in decline for 30-40 years, the private rented sector merely picked up the slack.  The simple fact is that there are good l/lords and bad l/lords just as there are good tenants and bad tenants.  But politics being about votes (and there are more votes from tenants than l/lords) the antics of bad l/lords are deemed to be representative of l/lords as a whole but the antics of bad tenants are deemed to be simple the cost of being a l/lords.  IMO there is nothing in the latest bill that should cause problems for good landlords.  Once the requirement to make all rented properties at least EPC grade C was removed (not a bad idea but the timeline was just stupid and completely impracticable) the rest is perfectly manageable.
TLRD. No
Come on TLDR news, you can do better than this. There are factual errors here - all ASTs become rolling ‘periodic’ tenancies at the end of the 6, 12 or 24 month fixed period. You video makes us appear that people are automatically evicted at the of the fixed period if the landlord does not offer them a new tenancy. This is not correct, and actually most tenants are on periodic if they have been in a property more than 6m (6m is the minimum and typical fixed period). Also, the scrappage of S21 is a can that has been kicked down the road a couple of weeks ago. The eviction of the tenant to sell is ‘with grounds’ with specific provision under S8 anyway, nothing to do with S21. The tenant has to give the landlord one month notice not two months. Tenants already have information about renting as it’s a legal requirement for landlords to provide the tenant with the gov’s ‘How to Rent’ document when the tenancy is signed. The law is the same on pets - there has to be a reasonable reason to forbid pets before or after. If you are going to make a news based channel at least make it accurate. Usually great by the way, good work. Happy to discuss any points with you and offer support (chartered surveyor, landlord and previously a tenant!)
This will make it less attractive for people to become landlords. It will get even harder and more expensive to rent.
They should make it so that landlords can only accept 90% of the money from tenants for there mortgage and the other 10% should be covered by the landlords them selfs. Don’t think this government would be up for that but it would mean there is more house on the market for people to buy
The way you can pop out as many children as you want that will spill things and draw on walls, but you're not allowed a single sleepy house cat is WILD
Selling a property appears to be a fair reason for the Landlord to end a tenancy, but as highlighted in the video it can be used as a loop hole. Perhaps instead of 3 months before the property is listed (if it's not sold) it should be increased to 6~8 months.  It would discourage the Landlord to use the loophole he's going to lose more than half a years rent.
None of these changes are to get more people owning their own residence, just making it more comfortable, not even cheaper.
There is no way to "fix" renting without building new homes. And why is the talk only about renting? What about owning own home?
No one cares about any of these changes. All we want is affordable and fair renting and not the exploitative and excessive pricing in the current market. I don’t care if a landlord evicts me for no reason as long as there is ready and available housing that won’t cut into half of my salary.
The rental crises is caused entirely by too many renters with not enough houses to rent. Any "solution" that doesn't focus on increasing the housing supply is a pointless sideshow. You can work out for yourself whether the Renters Reform Bill will help or not.
No caps on rent or help to put people on the property ladder? Sounds about right for this bunch of jokers... say they're gonna fix things then make policies that don't address the main issues!
now im homeless and can't get anywhere
i've had 2 sec 21 because of the landlord not repairing his flats and 1 because of the woman up stairs keeped calling the police  on me just for moving in and cleaning the flat
Great, another way to ensure that landlords can survive
@tldr news, have you thought about showing a "Ground news" coverage perspective on the news that you are covering in the video? I would be very interested in such an integration. Overall, I think ground news is a great product but for the average person, it is too time consuming to go and check the bias of every article or do such analysis. But if in the end of your videos, you showed the biases and perspective of the news that you just covered - I would be very thankful. For example, I would be interested how left/right media is covering the Renters Refor bill. Or any other TLDR video I clicked on because I am interested. thank you!
This changes NOTHING
Banning airbnb & similar short term rental sites would be a major benefit to renters
So the bill does nothing? Like seriously nothin? A change was made ages ago to the basic guidelines for tenancy agreements to remove blanket bans on pets but every landlord just insisted it was necessary to do so incase any future tenants had allergies when it was clearly an excuse.   The section 21 is only being scrapped in name and formal procedure, the law still allows landlords to pretend to sell their property to force an eviction and lets be real, its landlords we're talking about, of course they're gonna abuse this. It won't matter if the tenant deserved to be removed or if they simply complained too many times about the broken shower that the landlords mate who got paid cash in hand to install whilst having zero qualifications and watched a few youtube videos on how to do it, and was provided with second hand parts which may or may not be faulty anyway.  The only slight change is removing the abomination that is shorthold tenancy agreements which basically gave the landlord complete power over how long they'd let a tenant stay there leaving most tenants having to guess how long they intend to stay at a property and worrying about if the landlord will renew when times up or if they'll be evicted and forced to uplift their life again, especially devastating for people with kids who may not be able to find a place in their kids catchment area / too far to get to reasonably.  Once again Sunak is nothing but hot air, his government is incapable of doing anything actually useful for the people there meant to represent. All he cares about is making flashy headlines that look like theyre doing something good in the eye of voters and hoping that nobody scratches away at the surface the realise how hollow and empty all of his attempts to fix anything are.
It's completely hollow bullshit. This country needs fair rent restraints.  80% of parliament are landlords with property portfolios.  There is implicit deep running bias.  In favour of landlords.  We have a culture of toxic feudalism.  People are spending 70-80% of their earnings just keeping a roof over their heads. It's simply not right.  If there was deposit free mortgages available literally nobody would be renting.  It's 100% a trap.
End game here is removal of private property rights. People need to wake up and see the bigger picture. ..Landlords are becoming dispossessed of their property by design!
less private landlords, more corporate landlords. Forever renting, as uncle Klaus said 'you will own nothing'
This isnt going to lower the price to rent.
this doesnt help much at all. Whilst it sounds nice, its not addressing the real issue of renting and housing in this country. It constantly feels like they're side swerving the issue
Real TLDR: No
This bills does absolutely nothing lol
He solved renting allright, for the foreign invaders that look like him!!!! Duh!!!
That is awful, what goes one way should go the other too. For example, landlords should have to give 2 months notice of non-renewal of the contract.  Obnoxious people should not be permanently forced on someone, they trying to drive people to desperation here !? A fair system to all is needed.  EDIT: Not sure how you can say with a straight face that this will not discourage landlords  ???
An absolutely toothless bill. It does something with all the big issues - but nothing with any signifcant effect or without a pretty obvious workaround. Honestly it's an insult - it's pretty clear Sunak thinks renters are idiots and maybe this will patch some of the absolute spite we feel for people like him who have been sitting in power for so long as prices get out of control. We should have had a rent and eviction freeze years ago until this is properly sorted out. We still should - although at this point so many people have lost their shirts trying to make ends meet, it's going to take a pretty bold bill to get people to regain confidence in the sector - and this is defintly not that bill.
So you mean that they won’t be evicted, might know who their landlord is AND can have a pet? YAAAAAY!   One question…How about the PRICE OF RENT you sodding numpty wankers?!  I’m not British so I don’t know if those last things are actual insults but I meant them dammit!
The bill basically does nothing
So nothing about the actual issue then.....the cost of rent
Prefab homes like after the war
Just to break this down:  No fault evictions: Great, except if a Landlord wants you out, all they have to do is literally say "We're raising the rent when your term limit is coming up"  Database of Landlords: Really doesn't do anything at all, like sure we can now see if our Landlord has a track record, but at the end of the day, it also doesn't address things like "Do they fix things on time", "Do they address faults in the property in a reasonable window" etc. Both of which, there is still nothing to actually enforce on Landlords with this. You can't withhold rent for unaddressed property issues for example, even though that's literally the only thing you're actually paying for.  Right to own a pet: Whoopee... I mean, it's nice but like... Going "You can now own a pet whilst being gouged of 1/2 - 3/4's of your income" feels like a bit of a minor "Whoopee"  Overall, this is the most useless bills targeting rental accommodation, which is even more ridiculous considering it's one of the only ones they've done in over 20 years, doing all of this without adding some form of control on the PRICE of rental properties, the main thing everyone has an issue with, is ridiculous and honestly, the tories should just give up EVER thinking they'll win over young people (Or at this point, people below 30) for at least 5-10 years, we've all grown up never seeing anything but a Tory government ruining this country since we were able to vote, and most of us see through their BS instantly.
I think the pet thing is situational. A landlord wants to play safe with their property, a tenant you don’t know you could reasonably assume say a dog will pee and poop all over the garden, likely some damage to floors and other fixtures by scratching etc, fur in carpets and so on. Now if that tenant is unprepared or unwilling to fix and pay for that damage before they leave - a landlord unless there is adequate provision to cover this will simply refuse pets altogether.  Also especially in any leasehold properties (aka most flats) there are rules set down. Often any pets/noisy pets are not allowed, it is after all a shared building and you cannot expect your pet to disturb others likely from noises, or simply walking in dirt into communal areas. It’s frequently not a landlord decision to make whether to allow pets - the shared rules in the freehold dictate what you can and cannot do. When the property owner themselves isn’t allowed pets, how can you allow this for all tenants in every situation? In many cases, you can’t.
These channels used to have pretty unbiased takes on things. Nowadays they seem to lean very much to the right.
You can do what you like to try reform rules around renting but the affects will be minimal upon actual rental costs because it doesn't address the fact that we simply don't have enough housing as a whole.   Demand is constantly outstripping supply which means it's not only rents but also house prices that go up over longer periods of time. Yes you get dips ocassionally but the bigger trend is always upwards.   It's not just our strict planning laws or nimbys or as some people think, developers deliberately not building that restricts supply.   The facts are we've a national shortage of tradespeople such as brickies, electricians, carpenters and so on. Those limited tradespeople we do have can only do so much work which means building capacity is limited to a fairly low level.   Then there's examples like my town. There was supposed to be a new housing estate with 6000 new houses to be built on farmland on the edge of town. These should have been built years ago if everything had gone to plan. The trouble is it was only after the plan was announced that they realised this land is flat, low lying land which is near to the river Trent making it a vast flood plain if the river ever burst it's banks. It would be another submarine estate.  This potential for flooding was demonstrated a few years ago when, in persistent rain the river did for a shirt while actually overspill the banks.  Developers want nothing to do with the planned development because of this. Plus, if the houses were built, from day one the owners would struggle to get flood insurance.   The only possible way to go forward with the plan would be for government to give many millions in investment to the area so that the river defences could be seriously beefed up.   As a side note, I know one house that has only been built a few years in the village where my parents live alongside the small river there. It was built on a small plot of land right in the river bank which had been scrubland for many years. This house was flooded twice just during it's construction alone. It has been flooded more times than the number of years it has stood. This says everything about housing in the UK.
HOW ABOUT HOME BYERS REFORM!!!!!!!
Who can remember the crash of the rental market in the 1970s?  Will a Labour govt do it again?  On purpose?  Supply!!  Don’t believe anyone who doesn’t offer a supply solution.
The main reason for the "no-fault eviction" was to allow landlords to evict tenants to sell their property, there has to be a way for landlords to evict tenants when they are selling a property and unfortunately, the sales don't always go ahead, so if an unscrupulous landlord wants to abuse this provision and absorb the cost of a 3-month void (period with no rental income).  So rather than this being a loophole it is better described as an essential part of the law to allow landlords to conduct a normal business function.
No he hasn't. How can it when a wardrobe is 2k per month to rent. Useless tories.
Why did the lack of rental housing not get a mention?  More rental houses - more choice - isn’t that how  market works?
It's fundamentally a supply and demand issue, not enough properties, too many people. Local councils abdicating their responsibility to provide new social housing to the private sector, or dumping off existing social housing in the hands of hated local housing associations doesn't help either.
4:26 as much as I despise the Tories, I'm fully on board with the *idea* of this feature of the landlord database. Fingers crossed the implementation of it holds strong and that Labour honour it when they inevitably take over (if it isnt crap).  We do it for MOT history, and it works fantastically. Anyone can just pop in the reg of a car they're looking at buying and feel reassured/warned of all the relevant details. In my opinion the enormity of the power a landlord has over a tenant's life compared to a car more than justifies a similar system.
The irony is the more people pick on landlords and legislate the worse it gets. Landlords are just selling up and as result their is a huge shortage of rentals in the market. They cant be bothered dealing with numpties like Novra media.
Fuck the Tories. Labour's Worst is still better than Tories Best. Get them out.
What about the Newspaper? I paid for it and never heard about it again.
And where us the Landlords protection against professional bad tenants  ?
The problem with the right to pets clause is that, as an estate agent so eloquently told me last year when I was trying to find a new home with my pets (despite good references from my previous landlord), there’s so much competition for housing that a landlord can just choose someone without pets and claim “they’re a better fit”, and thereby not have to even consider accepting pets.
The bill only formalises what landlords already do under the guise of stop it
Is that Crouch End at the beginning of the video?
would it work in Sweden ? are they sorting our news aswell?
I’m voting for Reform uk party it’s the only way to get rid of the corrupt government
Sounds like he done a copy/paste of Melbourne Australia rental reforms lol
The right to own a pet? Are you kidding me?
If new laws make renting out a property more onerous, it will have the effect of pushing out smaller landlords on the margins. This will increase supply of homes for sale, particularly helpful for those looking for a first home, but will reduce the number of units available for rent, all other factors being equal. The best way to address affordability, in both rental and ownership markets, is to encourage building more housing.
Soooo.... The UK is getting an American style rental system?
Without a reason. Ok, let me give some reasons. Because the landlord wants to increase the rent massively and knows their tenant can't pay the massive new rent. Because the landlord pretends he wants to move into the renter's property, so evicts the tenant, and then doesn't move into the property. because the landlord decides the renter has caused normal wear and tear to the property so evicts them, the landlord claims they are going to sell the property and so evicts the tenant. Want me to go on?
The way I see it, rates are too high. It`s actually cheaper to rent believe it or not.  But the issue is, that higher rates also means that the landlords have to pay more to the bank, and ofc they will increase the rent to cover the cost. We dont have a rent issue, we have a bank and goverment issue. Bank have been making insane profits recently. Where is that money going? in their poket, nothing is being developed or invested back in the population. The landlord isnt the issue, the issue here is the rates,banks and goverment.
Rolling tenancy would destroy student housing. Who would want to rent to students without knowing if/when they will drop out? Massive uncertainty that will make a large chunk of the hmo housing to switch to professional worker (aka no students). Nightmare for students ahead.
So without being a negative Nancy, these new laws break down to... 1.) Please dont evict people unjustly... unless you want to in which case evict them. 2.) You have to sign up to a database where we will store, idk your name or something?... 3.) Renters must be allowed a pet.... unless you don't want them to have one in which case they can't...  This is such a spineless, pathetic attempt at looking after the vulnerable members of society. Honstely shameful.
The multimillionaire and his billionaire wife are to busy avoiding tax to worry about the millions they have made homeless.
Why not , the tories fixed the last election results and will do the same thing for the next election.
What you've failed to mention here is that Section 21 in and of itself - not just the loophole within it - is controversial. No other European country allows landlords to evict tenants if they want to sell a property. Tenanted properties are simply sold *with* the tenants in situ all across Europe with absolutely no issue, so this is an absolutely asinine "reason" to be able to evict people. The fact that they're not even removing that tells you all you need to know about how much Sunak actually cares about renters (i.e., not a wet fart)
None of these changes are really gonna make a difference
"but presumably, allergies of the landlord or the tenant could be one way the landlord refuses tenants from keeping pets"  landlord with 17 offers in 24 hours: uuuuh yeah haha I errr, actually have an allergy to those!
Make it more affordable to buy a new home.  Instead of the ridiculous nearly £200,00 or £250,000 £or a new home..
I am living temporarily abroad - I let my flat . But now I won't,  1 flat off the market.
Rent caps would be nice instead of giving renters pets. But I guess a cat will make you forget a 30%+ rent increase...
All these changes may discourage people from becoming landlords (lowering supply, though they may sell which would increase supply of housing) or will encourage landlords at the moment to increase prices to offset what they may have to deal with which is unreasonable tenants that you cannot get rid of easily or pets in the household. Frankly, this solves nothing.
Pandering, useless posturing
Give NIMBY less power, build more housing with priority and discounts always to British citizens first.
The bill comes across as a way of making landlords lives slightly more difficult. While I understand the intent, I worry that doing this will push landlords out of the market and could actually increase rental costs. Schemes like this worry me.
Until a government comes along with the will and the balls to do something about how social housing is managed the UKs housing situation will just continue its downward slide from catastrophic.
As someone who has had a VERY DIFFICULT TIME with my dog finding a place to rent, I think the UK is once again being insane and heavy handed. Property owners should have the right to refuse pets, not children obviously, but PETS are reasonable as they will damage the property. Cats and even caged animals produce a LOT of smells that will embed themselves, Dogs, Cats, Ferrets, and similar are super destructive if not properly taken care of, especially Dogs. ESPECIALLY dogs.  I struggle every time I have to move and I am flat out saying, this is insane and unfair to property owners and I HATE landlords. All this will do is force the same people denying the "right" of a pet to say "I have allergies".  America has our issues for sure, I mean it took until 2010 or so for all marriages to be treated legally equal. We didn't do it out of respect for our fellow man though, we did it because it was a violation of our rights for the government to meddle in such a private affair and deny others. This feels kinda similarly heavy handed "nanny state" to our banning something in a private place that is a concern for two adults to determine. I believe in STRONG consumer protections and am tolerant of rent controls, regulation of rental property's, etc; but this is insane.
This will actually make the periblems worse.  Fewer landlords, fewer rental spaces leads to higher rents.
Nice one making pro-Tory clickbait. Think we know where you “impartial” lot lie. Twats.
those are some shit changes the issue isn't that more people want to rent its that more people have to rent. house prices need to drop
The landlord database will simply be a money grab which 1. Will be of no use to tenants and 2. The cost will be passed on to tenants.
Landlords can refuse pets because they’re bound by restrictive covenants. I own my flat but I’m not allowed to have a pet as this would break the terms of my lease. If I were to rent out my property, my tenants also wouldn’t be able to own a pet. A lot of people are in the same situation so the pet legislation won’t change much unless the government deals with restrictive covenants first (and ideally abolishes leaseholds altogether). It’s shocking that most people in the UK don’t even fully understand what leaseholds are!
Interest Tesla Band of one Hill and Rent Tesla Band of Two Hills
- Doesn't implement rent caps.  - Doesn't build more affordable houses. - Doesn't hold leeches accountable and doesn't encourage renter unions.  The renters reform bill will never in a million years fix the problems , anyone that tells you otherwise is actively lying to you
LMAO that section 21 loophole is so GLARING. What an absolute SCAM.
I doubt the register will include info as: bedroom had mould hidden in the back of the bed; limax crawling on the carpet at night; and mice saying hello at night XD Unless there's an anonymous complaints system added in, and proper annual inspections of all rentals, and rent controls, then not sure how useful it'll be
From what I heard from the landlord's side of things the RRB is the least of their concerns, it's other regulations and market forces that are driving landlords out. But before you get all excited, generally the properties are then sold to a larger corporate landlord. Many of them aren't super attractive to owner occupiers anyway.  I think the whole pets issue will result in larger security deposits for tenants with them though, or a requirement to take out insurance. The main reason landlords don't like them is the damage a badly trained pet can cause to a house.
Vote reform uk
Meanwhile, the conservative government that just got voted in, in new zealand, is going to do the exact opposite of this: bringing back no fault evictions that the Labour government outlawed
Ive always thought three things would make a big improvement 1) landlords have to run there property as a business not as an additional income and it is illegal to own property through different companies 2) a reviewing sight where companies are required to sign up to, i mean you can review a 60 chocolate bar from Tesco but not a property or its owner you pay thousands every year 3) get rid of estate agents as middle men, they don't actually serve any purpose, they have to get the actual landlords permission to do anything, so instead of just calling the landlord and getting answers to your problem you have to call the estate agents then wait some times days for an answer
They've watered this down. And I suspect landlord lobby groups and backbenchers are behind this. This doesn't REALLY sort out the underlying problems.
I appreciate the third point, but the issue is that they'll just vastly increase the price of rent if you have pets.
Wow this bill did absolutely nothing to help me as a renter whatsoever.
The problem is anything other than the ever-accelerating mass legal and illegal immigration, of course. Because otherwise it would imply that it was the government's fault.
So even more reasons to not be a buy-to-let landlord. I have no idea if that's a good thing or a bad thing for the population as a whole, but a fact none the less.
I can't see much fixing the housing crisis beyond instituting land value taxes and implementing HS2 in full to push housing demand north.
Landlord database. Another excuse for the government to gain power and control and take away peoples rights. It serves no real purpose.
This is just a smokescreen and the fawning media,including TLDR it would seem, suck it up and spew it back out obligingly.They know they're on the way out and so it's trolleydash time with all of them stuffing their pockets until the clock runs down. This 'policy' is yet another splutter of toxic hot air from the infernal combustion engine that controls the CONservatives. I can't work out what amuses me more - that the Tories believe they can con people into thinking that landlords (Tories) care about their captive mealtickets (us) - or the level of desperation they must be feeling in contemptuously trying to get the youth vote even by mass deception. Perhaps the sustained and systematic demolition of education is going to pay off and the yoof really are finally dumb enough to fall for this jazz  :-/
They fixed it just like they fixed the red meat tax and the 7 bins issues.   Hard to fix what you caused yourself.
More people are renting because houses cost too much. Begin by at least admitting that they need to fall as multiple of average salary, everything else is tinkering.
The devil is in the detail.... There aren't any details
In situations where local councils are trying to do away with the whole idea of the ever-reducing numbers of council houses for native British people and renting out what’s left to migrants, who automatically go to the top of waiting lists (native Brits automatically go to the bottom), while pretending to be cash-strapped and selling off land to private developers, using powers of rezoning and declaring council properties as structurally unsound when they want to sell off the land, moving tenants elsewhere and to the bottom of council house waiting lists if native Brits, selling off council land to private developers at knockdown prices without even trying to get best value for money for U.K. taxpayers, telling people to move away from the whole idea of social housing and council housing, where U.K. councils don’t want to be social landlords anymore and want to get out of their legal obligations to council tenants - many tenants who bought their council houses on buy to let and shared ownership schemes during Mrs Thatcher’s time subsequently sold these former council properties to private landlords after they moved elsewhere and these properties have been acquired by slum landlords who have turned former council properties into 6 or more tiny bedsits, charging insane rents
The devil is in the detail andin the provenance of the document. He'd be kicked out of his caste if he did anything but cr@p on the poor from a great height! The party of landlords,for landlords is never going to allow tenants to have any rights. Only the spin of Murdoch et al will con the young into believing this trojan whore. Why don't you ask Sunak if he thinks that kicking the lairds out of Scotland would improve the situation and lead to affordable housing ie a significant improvement in quality of life far from the grabbing claws of the super rich landlords in the south???
Why would the Tories, which are the party of the landlords (and not the renters) do anything real which waters down the power of the landlord?
A fudge to appease certain Tory mps landlords
Mate the guy couldn't fix an undone shoelace
I’m afraid it will discourage some landlords from renting properties.  Good tenants are hard to find so landlords will no longer take a punt on potentially dodgy tenants or will  increase rents as protection.  If the rental market tightens and landlords sell up then either the home owner market increases, possibly reducing house prices and/or landlord’s respond by screening potentially problematic tenants. These will be forced into the public housing sector, which is already overstretched.  This is a short term, knee jerk policy aimed at tempting young people to vote Tory.  Without properly thinking through the consequences.
Yes, owning a pet will definitely fix my housing situation. Can't wait to live in shared flat with pet in every room. And all the corners marked by cats on every single flat
So now landlords don’t get to control who the tenant is without losing at least 3 months of rent, got it, not like they have to pay mortgages and maintenance right?
Fishi couldn’t fix a football match nevermind the economy the country or anything else he touches except sex offenders he fixes it so it covered up from the public
Does this include room to rent?
All the middle class people that somehow afford to go on holiday in a cost of living crisis will be fine atleast
So once again the tories not really giving a monkey's until it started impacting their voterbase of 30-40+ year olds. A completely hollow bill with loop holes you could park an elephant in, in an attempt to shore up their increasingly dwindling voterbase and almost certain GE loss.
Do they really want to solve renting crisis by allowing me to own a pet? Are they totally nuts or just partially?
Wow, this bill changes everything. I mean, for landlords having to disclose information and take a further step into their grave of losing home ownership.   You'll thank the gov later when it's companies who will be majority homeowner ship and the average domestic citizen will be renting all as seemingly convenient.  I still recall Sunak's ~"affordable housing act" which made things less affordable ironically enough. He can't seem to get enough of doublespeak.
The only change that does something is the 1st. The 2nd is nothing to do with us. The 3rd oo big woop all those pets no-one can   afford to have anyway.   Typical tories looking like doing something without doing anything
I rent and have a pet. The problem with putting in pet rules on landlords is there isn't actually anything enforcing it. I've seen plenty of ads saying no pets allowed regardless of the rules and frankly, the landlord can make up some other reason to deny a tenant, or select a tenant who doesn't have a pet, citing some cover reason.
It will makes things worse because it  increases costs - someone should do additional cleaning because of pets so who will pay for additional cleaning ? And the  rights of landlords will be more limited so less people will decide to take tenants and prices will increase. The goverment  creates something stupid to pretend that it tries to solve problems but in reality it worsens situation.
20% of the video is an ad. UGH
Commenting 4 algorithm
Multiple occupancy rooms going for £900 a month in a warehouse in Hackney. Great option… can’t wait to live with 9 other people what a bargain. I do hope they actually own the building else I might get evicted cus I was paying a shady middleman
Surely if you can't get a roof over your head when you have a pet then you would rehouse the pet. Priorities and all that.
Always surprising to me how behind the UK is on stuff like this
Banned AirBnB and stop apartments complex being sold to fund managers or property portfolios.
Some of the new developments happening are at the expense of the public. Demolishing public libraries, building on commons/parks, compulsory purchases, etc. Just see bromley.
An entirely hollow bill designed to show that the conservatives do actually care about us normies.  Here in Vancouver (I’m British) we have rolling terms as standard but landlords can perform a ‘renoviction’ where they just need to say they need to do major works (no proof needed) or that their immediate family is moving in and well… off you go
Out with the tories
At the end of the day the rent is far too high and this needs to change.
How removing section 21 is making things fairer is beyond me. Renters can stay against owner's wishes(=they have more rights to a property they do not own) even when the fixed term contract is finished. If they decide to move, they are not required to pay the landlord anything and can move anytime they want. Unfair evictions - what the f.... is that ??? Rolling tenancies are very common Landlord's database - useless. I wonder if we also get tenants database, with all tenants rated for destruction of property/non payments/legal actions required to take possession etc.   It will make thing worse - landlord are leaving(removing option of getting rid of problem tenants, ridiculous tax changes) - of course  TLDR News has no idea about this.  Tenants are victims, landlords are evil - that is what TLDR News understands. Commies as is the majority of UK
And if a land lord is for instance a russian oiligarc…
this bill might not fundamentally change much but it will still be beneficial to many people and thats a step in the right direction though i drought this will win them much favour with there record
May bring more property on to the market as landlords exit the rental business as one has just done near me
The reason rent is so high is because we're importing equal to the population of a fucking major city every year, why didn't you even mention this?
Seems like a weak attempt to pander to young voters without implimenting any real change. Rent controls, stricter habitation guidelines etc would do far more to help renters
None of these will really help me as a tenant, even if it works perfect. However, rolling contracts can be a really great change.  Overall, it's probably just a political dust... :D
Absolutely not..made it far worse
I thought the Renters Reform Bill fell through and was no longer being considered?
This bill will make it worse, landlords leaving the rental market will only end up driving up the price of the remaining rentals,  Basic  supply and demand. It is that simple  So, the only why to fix it is to build more homes.  Why build? Because the price of rent is determined by the price of the property as a whole. Tht price will have a mortgage payment that the rent must be higher than.  Renters need to start demanding homes get built, not forcing out existing landlord that will only hurt you in the long run.
Maybe the government should back mortgages like they do student loans. Oh wait... There's not enough houses so that would merely increase demand and therefore house prices.
Well if you will sell off council houses, constrict supply, give massive handouts to the asset buying class, allowing Air BnB, suppressing wages, devaluing the pound by printing money maybe these things will happen.
The whole renting, housing and cost of living crisis will rn solved with Georgist policies such as a land value tax.
How about a bill allowing landlords to throw out people not paying their rent quickly and with minimal fuss.
SUNAK HAS FIXED BRITAIN ****WE ARE HEADING STRAIGHT TO ARMAGEDDON
Renting is way to costly. They should get rid of private landlords altogether. It is bad for everyone except for landlords. It's bad for housing, the economy, tenants, hospitals, local businesses and councils. It only serves to enrich a very small portion of society. Before all u crazy ravid  people start commenting think. How house prices impact labour and spending. Our local tescos can't even keep the shelves stocked because anyone who can afford to live here travels to London for work. Tesco can't exactly pay 34k a year to stack shelves.
See I was actually hopefull that finally the tories are doing something good for a change, only for that hope to be immediately trashed. The on paper aims of this reform are great, but dont get close to addressing the situation fully and it still provides loopholes that basically mean that nothing will change  To make this bill effective the government needs to provide a guideline on what exemptions are acceptable on the pets section and make it so landlords have to apply for that exemption and could be told no. They also need to close the loophole in the no fault evictions section entirely and give more detail about what that database entails.  Even if they did all that it would still not be a comprehensive reform but it would atleast achieve its on-paper goals of making tennancy a more pleasant and secure experience. I hope that it happens because I would want to give tories credit for this should they deserve it
Landlords offer nothing to society!
database is a bad idea it will actually make finding a room harder for most people. If you are renting a room from the renter for a lower price, that will become harder and force people to move because the original renter cannot pay the whole rent by themselves.
Ireland 🇮🇪 🇮🇪 🇮🇪 is not part of the UK. Ireland 🇮🇪 🇮🇪 🇮🇪 is part of the European Union.
Sunak couldn't fix a Sunday dinner.
The only valuable reform is one which imposes actual requirements on Landlords or explicitly bans Landlords from acting in a certain way. Anything with grey area like "reasonable grounds" does nothing to stop tenants from being evicted or excluded from renting, as most tenants either can't or won't fight over that grey area.
We have to rent. Boomers wont give us an economic crumb
Yet another Bill that is just utter twaddle.
This just sounds like the moderate advances Americans have gained through fighting for fair renting.. And things definitely have NOT gotten better, cheaper, more fair
Rishi sunak! Thalaivaa ❤❤
Honestly, I don't think this is going to really help the core problem - we're renting even through we're working full time in decent careers.  Renters who have full time work, and pay on time, are rarely evicted.  All it will do is allow the current status-quo to remain, and won't resolve the looming problem of "generation rent" showcasing massive wealth inequalities (which will pass down).
smoke and mirrors for the election,
This is easily the most balanced, informed and helpful information on this issue that I have seen anywhere.  The least useful and worst informed, biased and propagandised version, comes not unexpectedly from the BBC.  Why pay a licence fee for propaganda?  Thank you TLDR, there is no better place to get proper, quality unbiased information on important subjects like this.  Defund the BBC, fund DLDR.  Thank you very much.
I'm 36 and still live with my parents, I'd never move out and pay rent, why would I help pay off someone else's mortgage?
In Switzerland, if you buy/sell a property, all rental contracts are taken over. A landlord can claim needing the property themself, but with the option for a grace period for the tenant.  I think that’s quite a fair and balanced system…
Some landlords are terrible. While I am a landlord (not out of choice, I’m not able to live in my house due to working over 100 miles away and would rather have someone living in it), it’s not hard to be a good one. Listen to your tenants and look after them. I don’t need the money so I’ve got no plans to put rent up even with inflation. Even happy for some decorating as long as it’s nothing crazy
We need to build millions of Council houses .....end of .
It's still not the same a evicting without reason.   The landlord has to lose 3 months of rent to fake evict without reason
I’ve never been so disappointed watching a video in my life😂🥲…
So much incorrect here along with poor knowledge of this new bill.
I would rather they phased-out renting property entirely in most situations, so that the money people currently pay towards someone ELSE'S mortgage would go towards their own property of which there would be more available and at a lower price. There would need to be additional measures to make this work of course.
What a real pain.
Okay, but WHY has there been an increase in people not owning the homes they live in??? We can give tennants as many rights as we want, but that doesnt fix the root problem here
well if half a mil new migrants werent turning up every year we wouldnt have a crisis
Tories can’t fix anything. They have never been able to.
The point of the registry: Most landlords don’t declare they are landlords many don’t declare tax either.  If you submit to record the square ft of your residence you can be challenged in court on record if you are extorting your tenants
Having rented in the uk for most of my life and then moving to vancouver. You see what real tenants rights look like. It's almost impossible to randomly evict people here. Tenants can dispute a landlord asking them to move out too.
Given the majority of MP's in Westminster are landlords. The last thing they'll ever do is pass legislation that hurts their bottom line.
They create laws with vague wording and loop holes just to say they are doing something, but in the end all these mean nothing
this title made me laugh out loud. thanks for that :')
Housing everywhere is a total shitshow. It's almost like 4 generations of children were raised thinking Monopoly is the end game goal for life. Generational Ponzi Scheme with no one to burn at the steak because they're gone or folded into some sort of private equity group.
MORE government intervention = WORSE outcome
"People are sick of renting and would like to own their homes, what are you going to do?" ... "We'll make it very slightly less unpleasant for them to keep renting."
Interesting-In London, and I had to move twice specifically due to the landlord selling the property - only to find the flat I was renting on Zoopla while still living in the property, at a much higher price. Over 10 years of renting in London, I went through no fault evictions 6 times (the 4 other times I was not given a reason at all). I also have pets and finding flats is also a nightmare. The situation is dire, and this bill changes very little
Sorry your not fixing renting your really trying to fix the increasing demand for housing driven by higher population.
On a rolling tenancy, can the landlord raise the price of rent outside of preset inflation? For example, if the rent is £1000 per month after a year of 3% inflation rent would be £1030. Or can the landlord still choose to hike the price well above inflation as they have been?
If there isn't a rent control mechanism built in, it does it really matter if you switch month-to-month after your original lease term? In Ontario, you're only permitted as a landlord to raise the rent by a maximum of 2.5% every year (if your building was built before 2018). If your landlord can say "you're going to pay another 200 bob a month" at the end of the lease who cares about the added bureaucracy.
UK is a rip off. Since brexit its just going downhill.
Another crappy policy by the government. I thought we were in a climate crisis, how does forcing landlords to allow pets help this? That will surely lead to more pets = bigger CO2 footprint. If the government wants to buy young votes, then they can lose mine at the next election.
Many MPs are landlords
It is extremely good!! Thankfully they left the rent pricing increase free otherwise it would be an absolute nightmare to find a new place as the landlord would ask for a crazy applications process!!! And they actually made it easier for renters to leave which will allow for more competition between the landlords and which could actually reduce the rent pricing a little as people got too stressed to move and just take the increase their landlord ask at the moment! This is very smart considering the real issue is that there are too few homes hence what can be done is very limited! Massive bonus for pets! At least people can also feel less lonely! This anti-pet rule was outrageous... Sunak is honestly good at his job; such a shame he went in after the absolute disaster previous prime minister...
My housing association  is HUGE, I became a Tennant by proxy. That is how they operate.  No housing association should be so large
I don't remember what nation i heard of this from, but there is a place where, if you rent a place to live, once you have paid enough rent to match the place's value, you become the legal owner. This *has* to spread.
" Need to be a thing? Are you5years old?
Another useless policay change for the Tory media to latch on to for the next GE. Imagine actual real change of policy that doesn't discriminate against people.
He couldn't fix a fuse
On a related note I feel a rising urge to learn Chinese
it's surprising to me that uk law has been so backward even into the 21st century. even though i think our canadian system doesn't function for tenants, at least on paper we've had for decades what the uk is proposing only now
They approaching the whole thing backwards, making it harder for the landlords, means less of them will rent, because its to much trouble. Business like usual....
"we voted to increase home owners' tax, why did our rent go up?????" - wojaks everywhere
WooooW DOG PARTYYY
The bill is a massive nothing burger. 1 is a momentary delay and eviction can be achieved over time by the method described by this video or through successive rent hikes through contractual renewal.   2 will only be useful dependent on a landlord's compliance with the database and what they are legally required to list. There will be loopholes here too and there will be attempts at using bureaucratic language to obfusticate, making the process of finding rental property harder. Not to mention that it'll be years before you actually get a comprehensive database for whichever region you'll be in.  3 is completely irrelevant to me because the cost of owning a pet is so high. And 'reasonable reason to do so' is just more weaselwordery that allows the haves to move goalposts for the have-nots and exhaust tenants through back and forth 'but this reason is the REAL reason' bull.  Do not be fooled. The Tories know they face a potential surge of youth voters at the next GE and are doing their usual smoke and mirrors-devil in the details playbook. All this is, is to lend credence to a soundbyte that Sunak will likely spout before the next voting cycle.
So landlords will now just have to make up a fault, big deal. The extortionate cost of renting is still unchanged. Oh and tenants can now have hamsters, cos that's such a critical right.
Please stop seemlessly slipping into your advert section, it's really quite irritating and confusing. It's a great video then suddenly bewildering when you do that
What’s so infuriating, is the high price of buying/renting could be fixed tomorrow, by letting people build without permission on their own private property, the only people stopping the supply of housing is the government themselves by not granting permission for houses to be built
So...   No fault evictions will still be allowed...  Not much useful information will be on that landlord register   And landlords will still be able to ban pets whenever they like by making up a reason.   Nothing changes. Describes this movement.
Minute 3:49: The Renters Reform Bill does not create rolling one month tenancies, that already happens under the 1988 act (actually its technically a function of the common law). Assured Shorthold Tenancies don't need to be in writing, so at the end of the fixed term unless the LL evicts or the tenant(s) give notice, the tenancy will become rolling.
Fixed it like a dog.
So what you’re saying is even when you own your house you aren’t allowed to do what you want with it? What’s the point in owning if the government don’t allow you to use it as you please
This WILL put off lots of people from remaining or becoming landlords.
The more we pay on rent, the more the government makes in taxes, and the less new housing they need to build, which reduces their outgoing expenses. Its a disgusting loop that they want in place.
It'll Be Interesting To See The Stats On The Number Of Landlords Who Suffer From Allergies Before And After This Bill 😅😅😅
A bill that sounds nice on the surface, but the details are so vague as to make no difference to the lives of ordinary people and easily exploitable by those with money? Sounds like a Tory policy all right
Rishi Sunka can't fix anything except money for him
There’s always a cause for why a landlord wants to evict tenants, but that is his business alone if it was agreed in the contract that he would be able to.
Landlords starting banning pets, after the government banned them from charging higher deposit to pet owners to cover the extra risk.
I thought he'd abandoned the Renters Reform Bill. I thought it was one of his endless U turns. As a renter aged 52, who has been renting since 19, I can promise I won't be voting for the Tories. Our rent for a tiny flat in a nothing village is now £950 plus all bills as of 2023. We are here because after 10 years we were kicked out of our previous flat, because the landlord wanted to  provide tenants with a cooker, a fridge freezer and all the things we had to provide ourselves, which he threw onto a skip.
Not allowing pets will have more to do with not wanting damage or smells getting into the flat. All it will mean is landlords will hike up the deposits to be able to replace carpets and wot not
Are you taking the piss? He hasn't fixed anything 😊
This bill is being brought in to get all of the illegal asylum seekers out of hotels and into rented accommodation
He’s crap
I remember I used to want to live in the UK and move away from the US. But at this point, even your health service (which is one of the only things the UK was superior to the US in) is rubbish. It's sad what you've let happen to your country... and this is coming from an American.
The pet thing is already covered by the Unfair Terms & Conditions Act. The advice on this act specifically covers “blanket no pets clauses”. So the government isn’t actually adding anything here.
Its funny that its suggested that it isn't going to make people stop letting out properties when currently huge numbers of landlords are dumping properties out of fear.   Likewise, unless the conservatives magic'ed up a few million more houses, this bill does nothing.   Also, the ad is misleading, and by featuring it so frequently your using a tool about news framing to create a negative impression about Starmer which is far in excess of his real world situation. Labours poll lead has been growing, and losing a few councillors is irrelevant when the tories have been losing MPs. He seems pretty safe.
Has he ‘fixed’ renting? Short answer: no
The pet one is rogue. Like a get it, I have a pet... But not really a priority
1:17 “renting is something that younger people and students tend to do”… Err I think on the whole there’s not much of a choice there 🥴
Period tenancies can be ended by a section 21 notice dude!   Fix your misinformation at 5:50
How does the Renters Reform Bill tackle rising rents? It doesn't. The section 21 reform is already backfiring, with landlords trying to sell out before the bill comes into force, including mine. The real problem at the moment is that more people are being forced into renting at the same time as the available properties are disappearing at a rate of knots. Either landlords are selling up or the properties are being taken out of the market in order to provide properties for the boat people. Available properties in my area are about a quarter of what they were 3 years ago, and all of it feeds into rent rises, the one area that the government is ignoring.
I'm happy things are being done to make renting better for tenants but its not a lot - I wouldn't call it a reform bill. And I'm not convinced the government will add clauses that fix the loopholes and unknowns in the tenants' favour. Even if they did, it doesn't change the tenant-landlord dynamic much at all.
As a landlord I’m selling out, the government a few years ago abolished landlords ability of offset mortgage interest payments from their tax bill and now more regulations. If you think you had a problem wait till you see what landlord selling up will do. Most renters can’t afford mortgages so landlords are in the right and in a high interest rate environment they deserve to be able to offset that mortgage otherwise the only other way to combat this is to increase rent. So when you get a rent increase blame Rishi.
Section 21 is a bustard.
So, nothing important then. Lol
It's so depressing seeing Keir Starmer just crumble on his own in the Gaza situation. His leadership seems to be all talk, I personally always thought Angela Rayner was a better fit for party leader.
Yeah he's fixed it, he's fixed it in favour of his rich boy chums.
All this is doing is preventing companies from building more housing
Abolishing the section 21 is a very good idea
decent enough.. move on
Video works well at 1.5x speed, even TLDR can become TLDW when watching at dinner break
No.
It seems obvious to me but, if you make renting too risky for Landlords then they are not going to do it. Full stop. The returns are already not great. Now that the cost of money is normalizing, renting out properties looks unappealing. I think young people are going to be even more Donald Ducked after this.
The gov should also address the impact Airbnb has had on the rent market
1:40 wow so what you're saying is, if the trend of more people renting each year continues, then in the future more people will rent? I'm astounded
If a landlord can no longer control when they can get back control of a property, the property ceases to be theirs. This is the reason that Thatcher introduced the assured short hold in the first place. Landlords will simply sell their properties and the rental stock will diminish which was originally the problem. You are asking someone to gamble hundreds of thousands of pounds for a return that is a fraction of that. At the same time you are telling them they will no longer have control of their exposure. Bollocks to that. The clue is in the name "short hold tenancy'. If the Tories do this it will, as seems to be a theme with them, achieve exactly the opposite effect. Maybe it will increase the availability of cheap housing stock for their mates in the giant firms to snap up, I could not possibly speculate. Apparently 40% of UK Landlords have tried to sell their properties in the last year. Good look if you are looking to rent. It is going to get a lot harder.
Yet another case of tories copying Labour policies. And people wonder why Labour have been trying to keep things close to their chests.
The landlord database is emblematic of government failure. They cannot seem to grasp that the crisis is so severe, that tenants aren't able to "shop around". You can rarely get a "house viewing" anymore with the number of people who are willing to snatch up anything without even seeing the property cause they are so desperate for affordable housing!
An open borders problem.  Can anybody who wishes walk into Sunak's territory and paddlr a dingy in his swimming pool ?
The adverts are getting longer, content shorter and the way you sneak the ads in is becoming more obtrusive. I followed your channels for quick, bite sized news stories. But now I'm unsubbing from every channel.  I hope you can sort this out some day.
The ONLY thing traitor Sunak has fixed is his bank balance!
The bigger problem here is nimbyism. If you build more houses, prices will go down.   If you persist with bashing landlords, they will continue to exit the private rental sector (and many already have), in turn, this will push up rent prices further as supply is constrained.
I don't think the actual issue is being addressed here, what's the point in slightly improving the living situation when the cost of renting is still so high? I also think tenants need some robust protection against landlords hiking their prices so drastically as this can effectively be used to force people to have to move - I've seen a case of a rent hike of 40% here in Manchester for example!
There's some miserable gits in this comment section jesus.  This is a good step in the right direction, especially once that selling the property loophole is dealt with.
Blair destroyed the private rental sector.
I want to be able to leave Google-review style comments about landlords on the database!
What has this honestly done to change anything? _Oh, I can have a dog now and also my Landlord has to put in abit more bs when he wants to kick me out? _*_Great!_*
As a landlord and a tenant (have to live in a specific location for my work and so rent out my property), scrapping section 21s is incredibly concerning. If I lose or leave my job, then I have no legal way of way of getting my only property back. There has to be a legal means of evicting tenants, especially at the end of an agreed tenancy agreement, in a way that prohibits and punishes abusive and greedy landlords, and insentivises good and caring landlords.
"We are going to fix these problems... Just don't read the small print"
can we make it so that a tenant having to move due to rent increases gets paid money by the landlord to facilitate the move? Like at least 15 pounds per square meter...
5:40 the current law doesn’t FORBID people to having pets in rented accommodation, it’s currently at the discretion of the Landlord. So nothing actually changes on that front nor does anything else on this bill!
It wasn't until I started watching TLDR that I realized how extremely right wing the UK is and has always been
I am victim of the loophole of “no fault eviction” my landlord issued a section 21 6a and told us he was selling, but yet we found out about a month later he already had a new tenant moving in! Our local council refused to help so we ended up moving with my parents, we’re currently waiting for another council to review and accept our application but we don’t know how long we’re going to wait.
“a permanent ceasefire could risk even more violence this is all possible thanks to our sponsor”…   Hmmm, maybe a slight pause or even just take a breath between the news and your ad read…
This won't help; unilaterally tightening restrictions on landlords will only drive more of them to quit the market and sell their properties to condo developers. What people need is more supply of rental units, and the only way to achieve that is through subsidies and incentives for prospective landlords. It's also worth considering why the housing supply is so tight despite an aging British population and low birth rates (as well the intersection of who decides the policies behind this and who benefits from them).
So the Tory party are spending tax payers money to do a thing that makes it sound like they're doing something useful when in reality they're changing absolutely nothing? What a shock.
These 'changes' sound like nothing more than a smokescreen. Nothing added actually prevents a landlord from getting rid of you or your pet. It's just fluff to give the illusion of attendance to the issue - unsurprisingly.
Those are absolutely brutal rules hurting tenants, even with the "reforms"
The database might be a good thing. All other changes will just make renting more expensive.
He hasn't fixed anything in a year of being PM .....accept more dodgy contracts for 'his mates' - while the housing situation in the UK remains the worst in western Europe.   The sooner he's booted out of No.10 (and the Tories with him), the better. I cannot see him achieving much in the way of improving housing here, between now and next October (or whenever the next general election is).   In fact I can't see him achieving much at all over the next year. Accept keeping the rich happy, making ludicrous promises only to U-turn on them within months. He's a 'lame duck' Prime Minister - not that popular amongst many Tories, and immensely unpopular with the public. No one voted for him.
It's fair to say he's fucked this country good and proper torys need to call election now not if or when now
Chase people off rental housing and into the street then say living on the street is a lifestyle choice and criminalize tent-given. If people argue against you point to completely useless bills to say you should have stayed in rentals as the government is protecting you, see this is your lifestyle choice. I think they have hit on a nice little package method.
Tories being Labour Lite again.   The solution isn't managing the relationship between landlord and tenant. The solution is getting rid of impediments to building new accommodation.
Oh no! I provide a service by taking away homes from you cheaply to rent it back to you! How am i suppose to buy more houses now?   I was wanting to buy my 50th house because i am just a mum and pop landlord, i might have to sell all my houses and profit 100's of % from house price rises and rent money over the period of holding these houses.   The hatred for landlords is bad :(
Housing in the US is also a clusterf*ck. Homelessness (sleeping rough) is epidemic in most cities.  We have the means to end homelessness, but little will and much opposition. Housing should be a part of a new, universal "bill of rights".
For those wondering how is the UK housing situation (plus much of the commonwealth it seems) worst then anywhere else: This is due to short term fixed rates of 2 to 5 years that adjust rather then 30-year fixed rate that is the norm in places like the US. This make affordable housing non-existent when a bunch of the houses rate adjust from 1% to almost 6%, meaning whether you own or rent shelter cost has increase dramatically as rate adjust simultaneously and get worse as "longer term" dates approach adjustment. While its easy to blame landlord it was extensively argue by the British Presses for years that it would reduce home ownership, increase average interest rate due to higher risk and complicated financial structuring, and lead to speculative housing prices. While the first 2 is true for example in the US rate is about 2% higher this is due to banks accounting for long term inflation and honestly it seem home ownership is almost a illusion in the UK if you don't outright own the home.  I suspect part of the reason things were kept that way is that mortgages are actually securities and sold pretty much like bonds and stocks to investors. In the US we do not trust adjustable rate loans despite it being theoretically cheaper for the life of the loan because of the uneven payment schedule and its well known banks wants them precisely to hedge against interest rate risk. Basically, investor could either buy American mortgage back securities for higher returns but interest rate risk and a mixed of British mortgage backed securities to hedge and it appears some people want to keep it that way.
It is a bullshit bill  that is only window dressing. Something to point to in an upcoming election without making any substantial improvements.
A nothing-burger
These laws just move it towards the situation in Scotland, note moves towards not getting to the same situation. To see why they are reluctant to change just look how many MPs are also landlords.
When so many MPs are landlords on the side this bill is useless because they're never gonna fuck themselves over.
That database could be a powerful agent for competition if rent hikes and reviews from tenants are allowed. Landlords can and should compete on the quality of their service not just the value of their property.
I own a terraced house next door is a rented property. over the last 40 years i have had to sleep in my car many times because of neighbours ie a dog that just barks a few times in the night but is enough to make sleeping imposable. Thats the milder kind of disturbance upwards of 50 people at a party was not uncommon in the past. Which ever party,s bill you like it is going to make my life and even bigger night mare.
If it's not in their financial interests then the government has no reason to change anything.  I use to be optimistic about politics, I really thought things would change.  Now I see it's just pigs at the trough.
These rules will only work to create more bureaucracy to enforce the rules which will increase taxes and raise rents. It will discourage creating more rentals and make landlords more selective in choosing tenants. Overall it is bad for tenants and landlords.
You will own nothing and be happy with this
Council housing as a primary tenancy is the answer
So it does almost absolutely nothing. No fault evictions is nice but doesn't address the underlying problem of not enough social housing. Those with NIMBY ideas need to be ignored and new builds need to be owned by the council
Rent caps need to be a thing as well. It’s not fair that you get to take half someone’s income passively because thatcher gave you a council house. If you feel like your landlords gunna put your rent up. Just pour oil down the pipes.
So there’s a loophole on the first point   The second has no specs ergo isn’t worth the paper its not written on  The third doesn’t have a loophole it is a loophole  So nothing changes as expected from a government that makes most their money from rent and those that lease  And the best defence is something short quoted that a non pm said about Gaza
Do they really think this bill is going to get renters on side? All this is going to do is piss off the landlords that make up a large amount of their base. I don't see what their strategy is here.
Here's a wild idea: Instead of planning new towns and ending up with more Stevenages, the government can just give away reasonable plots of the same sort of Crown land as Stevenage's and let people (not corporates and developers, should be allocated only to private individuals; preferably younger folk and families) build houses and villages and towns like the olden days. It'll feel considerably more natural and people would actually build up where they'd want to live in; Not some soviet style beehive. It'll also absolutely crash the housing and land market; For that there shouldn't have been such a market around it anyway.
This doesn't fix anything. Landlords will still price people out of their homes.  Without price capping to keep things reasonable. (I'm talking £700 month 1bedroom flat in London max) this won't work for ordinary  people.
This might be the most toothless legislation I’ve ever seen.
This issue is everywhere though. I'm British and living in the Netherlands. We rent out our spare bedrooms to students, and I get just as many requests from 30-40 year olds, as I do from students. And rooms here can easily cost more than 700 euros - FOR A ROOM! We don't charge that, but we see it. It's always sad when we have to say no to 50+ desperate applicants, because we have only 1 room available. Protecting tenants is a good move. I don't think landlords should be forced to accept pets. Dogs and cats can horribly soil a property. With deep soiling that will stink forever (if it's a wooden floored/gips board property). Large aquariums can be too heavy for old structures and if it breaks then the water can permenantly damage ceilings below. I would never say no to a hamster or a small fish aquarium. But do I want my property full of big dogs or millions of cats? No way.
"Has Sunak fixed renting?" Short Answer: No. Long Answer: Noooooooooooooooooooooo
so half ass bill that one can expect from sunak lolz
Stop the commodification of homes
2:20 Pets ok...but, what about kids? It's need to be build more family properties.
I'm not so sure that these changes wouldn't "massively" discourage people from becoming landlords. Surely losing more control over their own property (rightly or wrongly) could lead many to think it's not really worth the hassle, especially if something like rent control was introduced further down the line?
Unfortunately this bill (mostly) covers England and Wales only
This is all useless. We need rent control. And a major increase in tax on landlords for all properties they own that are not their primary residence
“Fair and reasonable reason” to object to pets… landlords will just lie about allergies. Depending on landlords being honest is like leaving an unlocked bicycle in the city centre.
Time for me to sell......
UK itself is a loophole just like the US
Why do people need pets?
clamp down on shady housing practices (aka buying up houses with no intention of renting it out), force an iron fist on those "not in my backyard" baby boomers holding up housing and introduce rent controls would be my 2 cents
forget the "Renters Reform Bill" it isn't going to help one bit and the government is just going to mess up any reforms. Have a look at how many MPs are landlords.  Government need to allow prices to come down and stop meddling in the market – they caused the problems. Renters become owner occupiers – its ridiculous that a renter needs permission to have a pet, while landlords tell tenants to use the property like its their home.  We need less landlords and a stop to rentier-ism as it extracts wealth from the productive part of the economy to the non productive part: So the government should: 1) Allow interest rates to normalise 2) Ban Interest only mortgages 3) Mortgages only allows for 3x income 4) Build more housing via smaller builders and relax planning If we want to have a bigger renting class, then 10 year rental agreements should be the norm, and a complete ban of AST.  BTW: I live in my own house in the south east that I bought.
the main issue is the cost of rent, which is not addressed here
The class war continues. They want to extract every single penny of wealth from the poorest in society. These people are genuinely evil. Landlords are bastards. Evil selfish cunts choosing to steal from people for their own gain. Fuck this country, fuck this system but most of all fuck the Tories.
Landlord database is almost fully meaningless. It doesn't actually force the landlord to change their morally questionable ways and desperate people will still take their properties regardless. If anything, it pushes the desperate and vulnerable tenants straight into malicious landlords hands.
They should just automatically nationalise all housing and force local authorities to administer them. Of course they should get the resources.
Issue can be this, why do people rent? My parents rent due to how low the state pension is and if invested within bank, the interest rates are also lower. For me, building new houses isnt the answer as the cost to buy these houses are out of the reach of most people. Its similar to the goverments want to get people to buy electric cars, simply cant afford them.
Tldr, no because rheyre all landlords
I dont know what I was expecting from a government that that are almost exclusively landlords and land owners themselves but its still somehow disappointing
Hmmm, large-scale immigration is definitely not helping
So many TLDR videos last few months...”What if we give Right Wingers the benefit of the doubt?”They’ve transcended bothsidesism
I mean the pet thing is nice but it ain't gonna fix the rental market now is it?
If a Landlord wants to get rid of a tenant for whatever reason, why should they not be able to? Sure they need to give notice, but apart from that.  Tenants are customers at the end of the day and are living in a property owned by someone else.
It's great that the renting plebs will be allowed pets - we are all in need of emotional support animals to face the daily cruelty, lies and gaslighting of the Tories.
Seems useless with the obvious loopholes for both no fault evictions and pets.
"how can we placate the great unwashed in these times of strife tarquin?" "well farnesworth, i propose we promise the peasants that we shall not turf them out of their home for no reason, and allow them to have animal companions, that should distract them long enough to pay for my third holiday home" "jolly good"
The whiplash from rent which directly impacts me and a lot of your viewers to yet another story about Palestine was pretty intense there.
I know it's beside the point of this video but... Go one step further. Ask yourself why younger generation has a very low home ownership rate. That's because this generation is impoverished, and houses are owned by older people or big or small companies. That's consolidation of wealth, and it's the enemy of the middle class. The law that the video described is aimed at (apparently) making the system just a bit more palatable for tenants. But the whole system needs change, forcing large owners to sell through a very aggressive fiscal policy. But who am I kidding, there is no government in Europe that would do that, not enough unrest in any European population.
Frankly it seems completely irrelevant and likely an attempt to get votes without doing anything.
Simple fix:  The rent shall be no more than the 1.2 times the monthly mortgage payment the landlord is paying for the property.  If the landlord owns the property in full, a hypothetical monthly mortgage payment will be calculated baed on 10% deposit.  If the tentat can find a mortgage that would he cheaper and can prove it, the landlord should be forced to lower rent in line with the lower mortgage payment.
this bill just feels like a way to pander to younger voters without actually implementing anything
a globalist fixing the rent issue, yeah im gunna call bullshit before i watch the video
1:50, so it was fine to shaft the renters when they were younger since they were the least likely to vote tory
❤❤❤
This bill will change nothing for renters.
Without rent control this is completely toothless no need to "evict" your Tennent, you can just raise rent to an unaffordable level and punish them for staying.
UK housing policy is not designed to fix problems with housing, it exists to keep these problems present but ever so slightly not awful so that the renter/house buyer never truly, completely breaks, and the bubble pops.  It is very much however the intention for the bubble to continue, and to get bigger. The state however only wants 95% of your blood to be sucked, since you need some minimum remaining.
I was wasting time looking at zoopla and saw a house in north London for £2.4m. It was bought in 1997 for 250k.  That's insanity. Properly market is fucked so the rental market is triple fucked. Its not fixable.
this changes nothing, comunity owned housing now
ultra rich landlords will do nothing for renters
Finally enacting a policy promised by Boris 4.5yrs ago, desperate for an election winning policy?!
Well I can't afford food as well as rent but at least I'm allowed a pet now.
so...as usual with conservative policy...looking at everything other than the core problem....in this instance...rent price
Trusting foxes to design the chicken coop
All this will do is reduce the number of landlords and increase rents even further.
"Won't really reduce the number of Landlords"  This is wholesale inaccurate. It's specifically designed to continue the path back to Feudalism, further squeeze out the smaller landlords who only have one or a couple of extra properties, by effectively removing your right to property ownership. If you can't evict your tenants, the tenant essentially controls your property.  There are plenty of alternatives that could have been done to protect tenants - landlords shouldn't be forced to house tenants they don't want. It is not your human right to live in my house.   There could have been a viewable public register for Section 21s that all Landlords have to sign each time they enact it. There could have been a mandatory 6 month notice. There could have been a formal 'Buy Out' option payable after a minimum rental term. All of these options would retain the rights of the landlord whilst offering additional (and probably better) protections to the tenant  Big-Finance have no interest in Section 21 as they're on a mission to own entire neighbourhoods, and couldn't care less who's living there as long as they're paying their rent.  You will own nothing!
To answer your question: no, Sunak has not fixed the renting crisis…  He’s done fuck all to help people out of the perpetual cycle of renting.
Thanks sunak i could now get a parrot or something in my flat. In theory, cant afford one cause they fucked everything else 😂😂
I own a converted two bed flat and am considering letting out my spare room. If I do I would prefer they didn't have a dog because it might disturb my downstairs neighbours (or it might not I don't know). I don't have a problem with other kinds of pets but these rules might make me reconsider making my room available just because I like to be a good neighbour. What do you guys think? Am I an asshole for turning away people who have dogs? Or am I an asshole for trying to make money out of my property?
I don't see why a landlord needs a reason to remove someone as long as it's after the tenancy ends and the period of notice is reasonable.
UK is a goner
A few years ago Tories refused to pass a bill that would have required landlords to make rental homes 'fit for habitation'. That's how much they value renters/people.
On the down side, without a fixed term in the contract, the landlord can increase the rent at the drop of a hat. Under these amended rules, couldn't a landlord could just force a tenant out by unreasonably increasing the rent and waiting for the tenant to default, before evicting them?
Yeh renting is so screwed and this is basically going to do nothing, best get registered vote against the tories whump whump cos ANYTHING is better than more of them...
This is just Rishi trying to seem like he's doing something in his desperation before the elections. They had 13 years to fix the rental/housing market, and they've done sod-all.
Has he made landlords illegal? Then no he hasn't fixed the housing problem.
5:53 "But presumably allergies of the landlord or other tenants"  So, are those landlords and other tenants living with the pet owner? What do I care if the guy living two floors above me is allergic to my dog?
Well a friend of mine has just rented a new flat at £850pcm. 12 months ago, it was advertised at £500pcm. This is the interest problem and lack of rental property problems compounded. So, based on that anecdote, has Rishi fixed it? Has he bolox.
This government is criminal!
This has Zero rent controls and is more or less toothless...
I don't trust this government to ever knowingly do the right thing. How can they pass meaningful renters' reform, when a lot of them are landlords? How can they fix the broken housing market, when their biggest donors are the building/construction companies that want to be solely in charge of supply so they can essentially run monopolies?
no he has not. if his willing to let his crown take away tents from the homeless without houseing them instead then his failed every single homeless person in the nation.
Sunak FIXING something? Might as well ask pigs to fly
If a landlord want to evict a tenant, all they have to do it put the rent up dramatically. Without rent controls this is toothless.
What on earth does this actually change
Seems like a tiny step in the right direction. The rental sector props up house prices, which the older Tory voter base is dependent upon, so making any real change is not going to happen any time soon.
Considering a lot of the MP's are landlords on both sides, and I think a good few of Lords are. I would say this isn't really to help tenants, depending on whether they follow the whip that is as Labour have to be party of the working class however much they dont want to be, and those loopholes are not probably going to be fixed. We will see though.
I think the pet approach is likely to be highly successful and should be a corner stone of all British government policy.  Inflation: don't give people a pay rise, give them a pet. On an NHS waiting list, here's a dog to get you out and about., Ukraine / Israel war supply pets not weapons.
“Sunak appears to be quite comfortable in his party” They literally just had a conference where people were lining up to replace him and he struggles to pass any laws without appealing to his right wing headbangers?? Come on TLDR
The whole bill feels like lip-service. Nothing is going to be dramatically change here.
I'm in the process of moving house, and my selling estate agent has tried several times to get me to consider renting out my current property as she says she can not find enough rental properties in my area. I used to rent out but wouldn't entertain it now. This bill (in my opinion) will reduce rental properties even further. Councils are going bankrupt, so there won't be much help there. Careful what you wish for.
In order to"improve"swimming pool safety they are getting a committee of sharks to consult on drawing up a"framework" of best practices. When MP's are property developers and renters either directly or indirectly then it's just window dressing and "jam tomorrow" electioneering. Sunak thinks we are stupid.
This bill changes nothing, especially not the fact that renting a house costs half your monthly salary!
I saw Tory tendencies in TLDR for a long time. The absolute lowpoint was your joyful vistit of Downing Street.
The base problem is a shortage of housing. Market forces are applied and both rents and selling prices reflect that shortage. Buying is a better long term for most but the required deposit is high and they need to save. So they rent but the rents are so high they can not save for a deposit. Catch 22.
Good job Rishi
lmao i like how it wasnt important to make it fairer for when it was mainly a young people thing. Shows how little they care about making young people capable of founding families.
❤❤❤️One true God Almighty the creator of the universe came as a human and died on the cross for your sins and rose again. You can have eternal life in Jesus. Raise to live with him in a glorious body in heaven. JESUS CHRIST is coming soon. We are in the end times. Believe Jesus. If you seek God with sincere  Heart you will find Jesus. Romans 10:13 For “Everyone who calls on the name of the LORD JESUS CHRIST will be saved.
Sunak hasn’t fixed anything
This act only applies to England and Wales not all of the UK. Scotland already has a lot of these provisions. Would have been nice for you to have mentioned this
"It's fair to say that the housing situation in the UK isn't exactly ideal."  That's a very British way of describing an absolute clusterfuck.
Fixed against renters
Nah they don’t want to fix renting. Ever.
First
