Thanks to Air Up for sponsoring the video! Get your own here: https://airup.link/Alpharad1023 and use code ALPHA for 10% off your entire order.
side note that has nearly nothing to do with this video BUT I accidentally found the best combo for Ryme's gym when I was trying to do a playthrough with only electric types. Kilowattrel with Volt Absorb ability and a Toxtricity that knows either Discharge or Shock Wave (I don't exactly remember tbh) but I've always found that Toxtricity always does well against Ryme and its super easy for it to spam a move that hits all pokemon in the area. I don't remember what move my Kilowattrel used during the fight but I barely had to Terrasteralize and I think both of my pokemon used the same move throughout the whole fight.  In other playthroughs I remember having a hard time against Ryme so I was floored when most of the pokemon were K/O'd in 1-2 hits
What kind of animal is that ham coming from?
Not the wi sports music1:06
5:26 (Pause the video then click the time stamp) Jacob says “I still can’t believe that YouTube called me the nuzlocker king” Jans response which you can barely see says “yeah I’m mentioning that in my suicide note” I FOUND THAT HILARIOUS BRO.
When Jacob and Jan switched voices.. I had to do a full stop from working and do an awe ❤😅
Jan projecting his voice while Jacob talks quietly is so goddamn cursed that it'll probably haunt my nightmares 😅
Nah pchal say this but he did nothing
Dude damage calc on the first gym? And it’s the BUG gym?
Alpharad is the Nuzlocke King for a reason. He played out of his mind- no, out of even Pchal's mind
ITS funny how He roast Jan everytime for being a mean a** reaction YouTuber xP
15:03 is Jan drinking Club Mate?
5:26 what did Jan say
Alpharads meaning of struggle pressing the button a view more times
This is the most gayest shit I've ever seen🥀🥀
whats a soullink?
My main takeaway from this video is that I'm glad I didn't buy Scarlet/Violet. That shit looks god awful
ARMED AND DANGEROUS 19:48
2:24 Jon how could you    Not share with us earlier
15:43  obviously he uses the most sexy Pokémon 😂😂😂
15:00 I love romantic tensions in my Pokemon Nuzlocks! Thanks Jacob 😀
Yall know the game doesn't end at the E4, right? Theres like another 3/4 of the main story to do
5:24   “i still cant believe youtube called me the nuzlocke king” “im mentioning that in my suicide note”
Nuzlocking scarlet/violet feels like speedrunning fortnite
The cursed Beartic 😂
Is beartic just the antichrist
Note to Self: Alpharad loses his Starter at Scarlet if he picked Skeledirge
Gotta love the Sonic Mania music :3
Love your use of xenoblade music
2:25 Intellectual answer:   **Lopunny**, simply because - being modeled after the Playboy Bunny - it's the only one _designed_ to have "sexy" features.  Just like someone who isn't into women can identify that a woman is supposed to be objectively sexy, someone who isn't into pokemon can identify that Lopunny's design is supposed to have "sexy" characteristics, even if it doesn't affect you in the slightest.  Personally I find Lopunny really UNattractive for the very reasons it's supposed to be sexy, but it's the optimal answer because it's by design.   Smash answer: Diglett can absolutely _get it_
What the fuck kind of CURSE did you unleash on your game???
"Boring normal water", is that a Too Many Types type combo :)?
Wtf what was with your game? I’ve never seen any glitch like that.
Kingambit is unironically so overpowered, i cleared the elite 4 and the champion with ease, the only challenge i faced was Hassel
Beartic: Ima Icicle crash alright
I know I'm late on this, but this would have been funny after the update where Geeta changed her team setup to have Glimmora first and Kingambit last
Alpha's game crashing repeatedly is just your average gen 9 experience
Remember that one pokemon anime episode? It was titled “Analysis vs Passion” yeah that sounds about right.
16:02 what song is this?! I wanna know!!
I love how Jan and Jacob are depicted as rivals that cant stand each other but then in the stream clips they're just a couple of chill guys
What a crappy game if it keeps crashing
Because of Jacob me and my friend are trying to complete a soullocke of Radical Red so far we haven’t gotten to Brock yet but yk here’s hoping with this new run
is he subbed?
What map is that at 0:42 ? doesn't look familiar
Jacob and Jan are both blue but like two parts of his personality Jacob is the cocky swagger part while Jan is the battle focused autism part
I swear the beartic thing also happened to me...
That polar-bear surely was something
dude seriously, what a shit game man, i cannot believe to this day this game is still crashing and having glitches.
just wanted to mention that when Alpha showed the dm of him telling Jan abt the nuzloke king thing, Jan said he was putting that in his self unalive note
5:30 excuse me was that a shiny iron thorns
jacob and jan's rivalry reminds me of joker and akechi's from persona 5, just like. healthier. and with less death
This vid was the way I started off 2025 🎉
This is exactly how my soul link I did with my friend went. Me being a weirdo and carrying the run, and him being the failure.
i would read a yoie fan fic of alpha and jan i mean the sadwich making part is kinda that already
11:00 perfect bit
10:49 my favorite moment
2:25, the whole interaction made me laugh so much. Lmao, Pokémon Challenges looked a bit uncomfortable after Alpharad didn’t answer.
5:50 calm down necrozma is just shedding its skin
God the sexual tension is incredible to watch
Nvm. Ignore my comment on his video lmao
Icicle Crash your game
Wow imagine not playing around the glitchrange, smh I really thought these “pro nuzlockers” would play better than that cubchoo play. Nuzlock king? More like nuzlock ping!
That "flavored" water is such a scam 😂
I really think Jacob had this idea just by saying to Jan “You wanna criticize us on our nuzlockes? Alright, time to see just how much you know.”
10:54 PERFECT LMAO
13:41 ZUMEL THE KING LETS GOOOO ZANE NUMEL
what was the game during the sponser
Sooo the error code 2002-2060 could indicate corrupted data which is honestly the case here, what caused the data to be corrupted,; that I dunno
Alpha: i dont find pokemon atractive im not answering that Jan: I...... also dont find po..kemon atractive
2:40 lilligant??? More like lilli-GYATT!!!
Nintendo. For the love of god. Do better next time.
I love the passive aggressiveness in the whole video lmao
Source material for the Ryme and Roy fight right here 11:34
15:25 just wooow. Lol.   So funny thing about Black Sludge. I had it on clodsire, terastilized it to ground, and it hurt my clodsire. My daughter pointed it out, and I swapped it for leftovers afterwards. It survived a terastilized ground fortunately.
Thw heavy lifting🤣🤣 yans team was basicly a old guy with a hipreplcement an 80years of back problems an he still made it 🤣🤣🤣
I already seen jans video but you esited the bit were you copyed each others manarisums perfectly i still laughed the 2nd time
there is so much sexual tension between you two
14:23 the frick the Beartick doing?
Fun fact, during the Elite Four you can actually switch up your teams in the middle of it.
Why did Grimee turn back into a Grimer after Tulip?
Ditto is objectively the most attractive Pokémon.
this game is so bad it's awesome
Ngl I thought they were gonna say lopunny 2:26
10:30 cry laughing omg
Scarlet and Violet were so scuffed omg. The soullink looked fun though
10:32 someone said shrodingers beartic
This new challenge in our channel
4:13 go to this time to skip the sponsor
“I’m mentioning that it my suicide note” that is the funniest thing I’ve heard in a while
5:26 damn Jan took that hard
The sponsor is like vaping but healthy 💀
The sandwich moment was just so cute.
Are they not brothers?
"im mentioning that in my suicide note" is wild
Alpha looks simultaneously homeless and obscenely rich.
I went back to rewatch this bc it was funny. I just looked at the discord DM that went on the screen and find it funny that pChal said "im mentioning that in my su- note"
5:25 I'm sorry WHAT SUICIDE NOTE?!?!
5:25 THE CROP.
Y’all didn’t play with auto saves on a new profile? I thought people only turn it off for shiny hunting.
XD The cursed Beartic
As someone who adores liligant  DON'T TOUCH THE CHILD
Im currently doing Mt first nuzlocke, the game is violet, and I have sprigatito. The next gym is the water gym, and I've only had 3 deaths. One to a wild gyrodos, and two to Iono, one was a level 29 gible
I like lilligant hisui because she is elegant
Dang Jan just felt defeated after Alpharads answer to the first time chat
Neceosma infected bros games
Emerald kazio nuzlocke when?
I saw the Japan kiss lmfao “rivals”
Bro thinks he isw better then the god(Jan)
lmao jacob's game really just said "fuck you, you don't get a fucking beartic"
**game starts to corrupt and crash** Jacob: haha funny pixels **doesn't save the game**
You sound hateful on pokemon
yo, the music going through the final sequence of fights that's playing at 18:40 is so good — what is that song??
assuming yall still have the saves, would you want to go back to this soullink and do dlc?
new nuzlock challenge rule: they have to kiss
Surprised at the lack of Nemona fight
Cursed Beartic is cursed
That lilligant choice is valid tbh also get over the barrier - roaring goes hard
Jan's venomoth carrying on ATV's legacy against Hassel's dragon team made me smile
Surprisingly your run is going a lot like mine (my friend, who is a thousand times better at pokemon than me, lost two of our links and would have also lost our starter if I wasn't pissed at that point and hijacked the rules. Also I have plans for the first three gyms while she might struggle for them. However I'm planning to help her out and I'm sure I'll screw up way more than her. This is both of our first nuzlockes, btw)
6:47 I'm sorry is that RADIATA STORIES music I hear???
Holy shit, the technical level of this game is so unbearably baffling for, oh, idk, THE HIGHEST GROSSING MEDIA FRANCHISE IN THE WORLD??????
3:15 ah yes. Totally scent and not a FLAVORED CIRCLE OBJECT THAT TASTE TERRIBLE. Plus it not like the BOTTLE LEAKS.
11:57 you were there chosen one
Jacob was so brave for sponsoring Air Up 🤣
my favorite pokemon has been cubchoo for almost a decade, and seeing jacob's cubchoo refuse to evolve made me smile 😭 my baby stays unevolved
Thanks pChal, I also think that Lilligant, my favorite pokemon, is the sexiest one too
Don't feel bad about the Toxtricity, I have two shiny, competatively viable Toxtricities (Amped and Lowkey) with that ability, and I didn't know it halved the damage of sound based moves, lol.
My first nuzlocke was of Pokemon Crystal and I wiped to Falkner
I dunno why but seeing Pokemon Scarlet crashing pisses me off
There is no Cubilil in Ba Sing Se
10:55 I legit had to skip Enthusiastic Jan, it was too uncomfortable. It was like your brother suddenly had a different face one day, horrifying.
GUYS HE USED GREEDENT :00000
“Yea, I’m going to put that in my *suicune* note”  And who says that Jan isn’t funny? 😂
I'm sorry was that "get over the barrier" form trails from zero at 13:34 ? that's based
Scarlet and Violet broken? Ya dont say.
My first ever nuzlock attempt was wiped by the bug gym
God, I just love radiata's stories music in the background. What a blast
It seems that the city is under attack by a Necrozma.
Icicle crash the game moment
The air up bottle looks like it has scoliosis 💀
Why was Jacob's game so violently allergic to Beartic? God, Gen9 is so fcked.
Aren’t you supposed to have a battle with Nemona since she’s considered the final battle?
I am shocked this game is still so broken. Beyond disappointed this game is such a bad mess. Would love to see this challenge on an actually good working Pokémon game honestly.
i swear sv is made for old switches, my old switch has never seen a glitch or had reduced fps on scarlet
I feel like if you do this again, you gotta do ALL of the things
can we just talk about jan's response here 5:26
Does anyone know what so g is used during the elite 4
Music at 13:24?
I'm loving this enemies to lovers arc
Like the comment if you want him Jacob to do renegade platinum
The game started to have an aneurysm because Alpha was doing better than Jan.
Yup, that's pokemon alright
Air up is Fire🔥🔥🔥
Jan and Alpha doing a random mental energy switch in the middle of the video was traumatizing
Wh...what if we ki...kissed in front of the ham sandwich 🥹👉👈
How do you randomize roms like this?
funny how not a single person in chat pointed out he fought brassius with an overleveled crocalor
Can someone help me figure out where to get pokemon roms from plzzz. It is for purely educational puroses.
Could someone please tell me what song is playing by the beginning of the Elite 4, please?
Y was making the sandwich the funniest part
I’m confinsiced you can’t evolve cubchoo
had the same thing happen with cubchoo on my first playthrough
I think you should do Pokémon uranium, that would be funny I think
Got flashbanged by the radiata stories music
Ah yes, the redemption arc Jan never earned.
jacob alpharad “Have I finally earned your respect?” pChal “Kiss me, you fool!”
"Yea im mentioning it in my suicide note"
Didn't they only beat a third of the game? Did they even fight Nemona, the final boss of that route??
Alpharads salt is truly the best lol
Has anyone here thought about how messed up it is that if you were to sleep cuddling a Pikachu or a Fidough, nobody would look twice, but if you wanted to nap while cuddling your Incineroar or Lopunny, people would lose their minds?
I'm convinced every copy of s/v has its own unique set of glitches. Mine is that sometimes when I do a picnic the table doesnt spawn. So when I try to make a sandwich the ingredients either fall into the void and count as placed or go ragdolling into the void and count as dropped depending on the will of the universe. The only way to fix it is to close and reopen the game. It is incredible to behold. It even happens in multiplayer, my partner and I checked.
There’s a reason it’s called icicle *crash*
TBH Captain Kidd uses it too... I wonder why
That fucking switch between Jan and Jacob's personality had me in stitches
5:26 xd that discord text is hilarious
I honestly really enjoyed the energy between you two. Very comedic would love to see more duo-plays between you two
4:45 isnt that just clodsire but overcomplicated
Still using the Onix clip?
Idk why the stupid bear made his game break it’s usually not this broken with me
that cut in half '' yeah I'm mentioning that in my suicide note'' from pChal at 5:25 tho💀
Nintendo: "don't emulate, don't nuzzlock and definitely DO NOT MOD THE GAME".  Also Nintendo: "this Game will release so bugged that you may rather buy a pc and run a performance fix rom"
TO BE FAIR, I did lose to the first gym on accident when I first played violet 😂
I love how this video perfectly shows why scarlet and violet are just bad games
I like how Jan over complicates his decisions while Jacob just rolls with it 😂
Reminder that Jan made the call that made alpha lose the first run
i think that beartic is glitched as a whole. One time, a beartic just started cliping through walls whenever i when indoors and he'll just stare at me
The sandwich...
Soul link Nuzlocke fully randomized is so hard One fail during the first fight happened with one of us getting a normal type starter and then having to fight a ghost type
To beat dunsparce I had to use haunter who is not effected and unparalize my fire starter
Jacob: I don't find Pokemon attractive, I wouldn't be able to answer that question.  Me: A certain pokemon fusion would say otherwise my good sir.
small indie company
More Jacob/Jan content please. You both together is some funny stuff!
Few things make me want to do a Nuzlocke more than watching Alpharad.
Bro never answer a “sexiest Pokémon” question… ever
Jomedome
I find it funny how every Soul-link Nuzlocke that Jacob is a part of, his partner will always unreasonably struggle as he breezes through while Lady Luck awaits in his chambers. Jaiden and Jan had to fight tooth and nail to get their way whereas Jacob just wins uncontested🤣🤣
2:25 pinning my favorite scene
3:42 you play ultra rumble too?!
4:45 thus making it perfect...
YOOOOO INDIVISIBLE OST SPOTTED!!!! ALPHARAD PROVING HIS CULTURE YET AGAIN
"want to learn icicle crash ?" "no" "welp" *[icicle crashes your game]*
Don't know his name but he totally looks like a child mol*ster. I guarantee that you know which of the guys I mean, that'd just prove my point.
5:25 For anyone interested, Jan’s response is “yeah I’m mentioning that in my s*icide note”
Are we just passing up the reply from pchal... yes. ok then
This was a really good video but also definitive proof that this game is very bad
Alpharad has the power of Lady Luck while jan is just being the nerd emoji
When i first played i thought the grass gym was first bc i dialoge skip so much.
Jacob's Switch when Bearctic be like 😵
That's just vape water
i dont understand why people think the nuzlocke is over before they fight nemona
The Radiata Stories music after Kofus Gym >>>>  I swore nobody else played or knew about that underrated gem of a game
After seeing Jacob called the nuzlocke king idk if Jan is doing ok... has anyone checked on him recently?
crying about how everyone pronounces Jan's name praying for my fellow german
The F-en voice swap
I think Jan won’t be impressed by ANYTHING Jacob does
This shit was streamed during finals week for me lmao. MONTHs ago
This vod is so old lmao
HOW DO I JOIN THE DISCORD SERVER @ALPHARAD?!?!?!
And people think this game is good 💀 The glitches happen soo damn often
Jan losing a Pokémon to the first gym is such a pathetic thing 💀 Like… how can you be soo good at the game but also bad at the same time?.
5:26 “yeah I’m mentioning that in my suicide note” 😂
12:00 song name?
6:41 he really should’ve played around that damn crit range there
I don’t think this is among us
No nemona battle. The nuzelocke is not over yet
This game is still an unfinished mess
Hey do a radical red hardcore nuzlocke pls 😊
You know, when I watch you and Jaiden nuzlocke I don't hate it because you guys enjoy the magic of pokemon and it's always fun to watch. Watching other nuzlockers is boring because it doesn't feel like I'm watching Pokemon trainers just people min/max a video game.
I was JUMPSCARED by Radiata Stories ost at 6:47 HOW DO YOU KNOW OF THIS GAME
Y'all we need to take the Onix clip away from the nuzlok community.
toedscruel surviving because jacob played around the crit range even after jan said it would be a waste of time would genuinely be such a good conclusion to this rivalry
15:45 what's the song name? It sure did increase the adrenaline for the Elite Four
I just realize that Jacob and Jan are like the left and right brain in that Bo Burnham skit
i need a list of all the osts used in this video!!!
I thought your rival was an antiperspirant joke
What's the song around the 2 minute mark?  Edit: Remembered it was Indivisible
Boyfriend energy
I have yet to discover how people keep getting such awful glitches in these games. Because I have played so much of both single player and multiplayer, and just never have gotten those.
5:24 "yeah i'm mentioning that in my suicide note" LOLLL  15:00 omh
with the setup on that eevee, i was pretty certain that Jan would have killed it
And that’s why you never wanna have a beartic on your team
has this game never been patched LMAO
I love their friendship/rivalry/beingenemies/theymeshperfectly
Game's been out for over a year and it is still this buggy and crashes!?!?
Quick reminder that you made 2 Lucinas rage quit as Greninja while they were teaming up on you
Jan's my favorite asmr poketuber
B
Dude I just found out your the ace of hearts you made my oh so beloved song find me in your dreams like tf your awesome
I’m subbed
But is he abonnieren to your channel???
Yes, my rival, whom I have kissed on the lips lol
So great that Nintendo fixed the game!
Wait what? Jan says he doesn't do setup moves cause it makes the game trivial, then proceeds to abuse Quiver Dance in this run? Why are all big nuzlocke Pokemon gamers going back on their own rules and principles? Did I miss a reinventing stream???
I am NEVER catching a cubchoo ever again.
Jacob and Jan swapping personas for a bit was so funny and it had no right to be
- I still cant believe that youtube called me the nuzlocke king. - Yeah im mantiening that in my suicide note.
Play pac man and the ghostly adventure
Persona 5 Royal nuzlocke would go hard tho
No Area Zero?
Air ups only last a week so you have to keep buying seperate pods which he didn’t mention rip
Alpha still found a way to get mudkip
Shame about the starter. Throat spray plus Torch song was hilarious when I found out you could be fully boosted in 3 turns
2:25 Imagine if the sponsor was the Pokémon Company
pokemon scarlet and violet is a finished game with no flaws at all none of my replies to the DEMON infesting my comment are working I need more spiritual power to defeat this demonic spam creature               aa        aaaaaaaa              aa              aa              aa
15:07 Gaypharad
Lilicant is such a dogwater answer to that question we all know the sexiest Pokémon is Graveler
I love how Jan went from being very knowledgeable about Pokemon and telling people what they do wrong... to getting trolled by other YouTubers
That Onyx clip has gotten so much mileage
Didn't beat the AI, so it doesn't count
you should do a speed run of killing every character in elite smash as Sans **Megalovania intensifys**
Jacob, are u and Jaiden in a relationship ❤
The sexual tension between these two….phew
I love how alpha tried to hide the message saying that Jan is going to mention alpha getting called the nuzlocke king in his suicide note
again the onix clip
Alpharad you should force fellow YouTubers to catch teams in the new Minecraft Mod Cobblemon which runs off the Pokemon Showdown engine. Would be hilarious to see what teams they come up with
Interesting idea: pokemon infinite fusions+too many types
The J J combo make it again HAHAHAHA
"Yeah im mentioning that in my suicide note"  Classic Jan!!
60$ game btw
hey Alpharad! Huge fan! Wanted to know why you've been deleting your tweets supporting Nairo's return the Smash community after being exiled for SAing a min*r? Kinda weird that you started the whole Free Nairo hashtag on twitter and are now quietly disowning it. Surely this isn't something weird that you should address the community over, right? Seeing as you were one of the 4 people who saw the documents that allegedly cleared him in the first place?
Can we be real for a moment? I feel like the YouTubers who are friends with Alpha and Jan are constantly pitting the two against each other, further fueling their rivalry. I don’t know if they’re doing it as a content farm to get everyone involved more exposure, or if they just want to seek out drama. Regardless of what the reason is, it’s starting to get old and feel repetitive. I’m not saying their rivalry is a bad thing, but it feels overbearing.
i have officially seen your ad on the play store. i will be patiently waiting for your video on Roblox's Mission:Mars
Jan Jacob content is top tier
7:00 Jan was being honest about Lilligant.
What’s the song they use in the elite 4?
2:11  Do you realize sudowoodo has sturdy and thus nothing changed, right?
"Oh, it's You" from a Hat in Time playing while Alpharad is imitating Jan is somehow the funniest thing alive. (10:49)
Jacob's mom is kinda hot ngl
perfect ratio of rival-ing to genuine hyping jan. it always feels fun between you two, love that!
This is a weird matrix thing, But like i bought an Air Up bottle like a month ago, so seeing them as a youtube sponser is so strange. They do work though, so thats fun
I really hope alpha forced a script on you for that ad and you didn’t say “high quality stainless steel on your own accord 😂
*being scared of not having a good team for elite 4* My fire tera ceruledge who soloed 3 of 4 elites and the champ without dying
What game was he playing in the ad break?
I am actually surprised Jan didn't know about the secondary effect of Punk Rock as it is mentioned in the description not like some hidden effects of other abilities.
After the amount of updates the game had its hilarious to see it still having those bugs it had even tho it costed jacobs sanity over the amount of crashes from dumb stuff
What’s the game at 3:42?
Already watched this video on jans channel but watching it again 😎
After hearing that song at 14:00 I want Alpha to play the trails series now
okay but is he abonneriened yet
you use old school Sega Megadrive Sonic Music. Did you Actually play it way back in the day or just like the music?^^
It's still so weird that some of the Scarlet and Violet games out there only experience some clipping while other games get problems as bad as the glitch Alpharad got. I would understand if all versions of the game experienced the glitches he did, but some of them just don't and I don't think anybody knows why.
Jan saying that YouTube calling alpha the nuzlocke king will go in his suicide note is the funniest shit I’ve ever seen
The sudden radiata stories ost track drop when Larry showed up had me hyperventilating. I love that gamr
12:24 harvestella ost?!
Would also mention it in my suicide note
Wait, haven't ae seen this before? Like awhile ago?
15:44 does anyone know the name of the song?
pokemon is a well programmed game
HE USED THE THEATER VANCOOR THEME FROM RADIATA STORIES! The child in me is in tears with joy.
I feel oddly lucky knowing my game has never been as buggy/glitchy as Jacobs apparently is. And I’ve had it from day 1
5:26 please tell me the "suicide note" was scripted and ment to be in the video
Why is your game so messed up?😂😂
why does evolving a Pokémon in the Pokémon Game crash the Pokémon Game
Why did this come out 9 months after pchals video on this
The reversed rolls on the ghost gym was so funny though
I don't know if I asked you this question yet, but what do you do in relation to reducing global warming? Since pokemon is based on real life animals and animals are dying out there, doesn't that mean that pokemon might start having problems in relation to it being kind of have a pinch of naturalness that it has right now?  We probably need to do something about this don't we?
Ok but this game truly is upsetting at how shit it was like how tf can u just not be able to evolve a pokemon without the game crashing
5:25 LMAO Jan's message that's cut off at the bottom-
......... I have absolutely no idea why your game keeps crashing, my game runs just fine and only crashed once on my 1st run. Is your copy just more buggy or what??
Wait geeta had a shiny espathra against alpha?
If Gary Oak & Clemont (nerdy glasses kid) teamed up
Great work bro, nuzlockes are like the best
ones again, alphrad fails 1st nuzzlocke and wins on the 2nd try.🤣🤣🤣🤣
Jacob: I don’t find Pokémon attractive  Also Jacob: Vapeoreon on the team with water absorb.
You are absolutely awesome for playing the Indivisble theme here 1:58 love u sm
Alpharad come on when are you gonna prove them all wrong... BEAT EMERALD KAIZO NUZLOCK! SHOW THEM ALL!!!
Man, the Shade Jacob was throwing in this video was darker than the ones they were wearing in the E4.
lol u don’t need his respect your literally better than him now he’s just salty XD
that clip is gold
I hope they get to hold hands IRL one day oh my gosh 🥰
Why did you not mention the after credit scene?
if anybody could give me the song name for 15:46 i would be eternally grateful 🙏
The easiest Pokemon game ever made, and not in a good way....
I swear I have watched this before Yeah thought so  Jan released this 9 months ago
5:25 "yeah im mentioning that in my suicide note" IM DEAD LMAOO💀💀
oh hey what was the song used during the elite four?
17:58 IRONIC THAT I CAUGHT A SHINY POM-POM ORICORIO BEFORE I WATCHED THIS VIDEO, I caught them in Ultra Moon and their name is Awesome
New Pokémon games just look bad to me
Please man
Lokix is a Genuinely slept on Pokemon. Seriously, haven't seen an Early Route Bug this good since gen 5 (although Vikavolt and Orbeatle were close).
This gives skilled Ash, but still have some of his sass and cockiness from Gen one. And later gen Gary (where the guy has been super humbled) vibes. And I am all for it.
jan:”i’m mentioning that in my suicide note” right after the jacob saying youtube called him the nuzlock king
Wasn't expecting to hear Get over the Barrier here, phenomenal stuff.
Cubchoo 😂
6:47 Radiata Stories music!!!
Scarlett and violet are such disappointing games, especially since arceus was so good.
Very nice. Looked like it would've been cool to watch. Too bad you didn't have enough film and could only fit it some jokes you thought were funny
Found your channel through Jan’s reaction vids ages ago, super happy to see the soul link collab come together over the past year
So, nothing happened
Didn't pokémon challenges already make this video on his channel like I want to say it several months ago
5:26  When I’m the discord chat, it’s cut of but pChal says  “ya, I’m mentioning that in my suicide note” I’m dying rn 😂
Wow Alpha made this video so quickly, rigth after Jan
I was in this stream!
They didn’t face the real final boss
Lol
We will never escape that Onix clip
Jan saying he's gonna mention Alpha getting called the nuzlocke king in his unalive note. Same man.
I love Lokix!
does anyone know the song used in the champion fight?
So, anyone got a playlist for the music on this one? Alpha really puts some banger songs in his videos.
Heh what Alpharad did not know is… THAT I HAD AIRUP FOR 2 YEARS
this slow burn of rivals to lovers is crazy
I think all I got from this is that Scarlet/Violet is such a broken game lol
"copperahaa" XD
Radiata Stories is my favorite video game of all time so o greatly appreciate the OST being played loud and proud starting at 6:47.  Thank you very much! ❤❤❤❤
Hey Alpharad, big fan of your channel but I have a question. Is a Tri-Locke possible? It would be very interesting to see a Tri-Locke, after all there are three starter Pokémon at the beginning.
So I don't ship it, but I don't not ship it
For some reason I thought you guys were dating
This collab kinda fire. Lol
But what about the final chapter
Honestly these runs should really be stopping at the final nemona fight
How did Jan lose a Swablu to Terra Teddiursa?
How many uses do the AirUp pods have
Is this a reupload i remember this video?
Suit, aviators, and cat ears Jacob is actually really hot. Damn.
whats the song near the beginning of the video? 1:50 ish in?
I’ve just realised this is the first video (I’ve seen) that Jacob doesn’t use Dating Start for the sponsored segment
“ if your starter isn’t safe, NOBODY IS”
I can't wait for Jacob and Jan's Pokémon themed wedding, where they both break out the cat ears again 💯
Anyone know the song during the elite four
Nah the final question should have been (am I gay for Jan?)
I like how Pokémon makes such junk games right now that it crashes over 4 times...
Jacob and Jan’s rivalry reminds me of siblings trying to prove to their parents that they’re the better child
Alpharad bragging about how easy early game was for him when he literally had Fuecoco aka the win button
I’d love to see a my hero ultra rumble video. Ive played the game and I love it
Could you PLEASE play the Snowgrave and Spamton NEO route for Deltarune Chapter 2?
Is it just me, or is this a repeat? From like a year ago?
Hmm
I was feeling bad that Pchal was getting the L in this video till I saw the end
Cubilil has the same energy as the glitched chao garden video. He is the pure embodiment of SOUL
Neither of you can touch FlygonHG, best nuzlocker in the world 🌎
alpha after i watched this video i had a dream solely about owning the product of your sponsor segment is this a sign
That beartic shenanigan just a further proof how messy SV can be, and some people still coped and on denial about it.
I wonder what's so bad about the bear
TIL that Europeans like to flavor their water with balsamic vinegar 😱
I love how no matter how many videos I see of this man, he still mentions that Braden fucked him over with the Onix incident
tldr. the story of 2 gay men going through a divorce
@alpharad i litterally never expected to hear the radiata stories iconic theme just randomly placed in ur videos literally my favorite game thank you
"Oh, another SV Soul Link between Jacob and Jan?"  "Ah, nevermind, it's the same run from 9 months ago, with the cursed Beartic and all that."
*me playing pokemon*  *uses starter the whole time and sweeps game*  *Nuzlock players play pokemon*  *Dies to weedle while over prepping for every single battle*
And just like that
Emerald Kiazo please
3:19 this makes sense because flavour is just smell
This video has single-handedly reassured me purchasing Scarlet and Violet is still a bad idea. 💀
Why are they thinking so hard if most of the gyms only have 3 mons and many of the mons don’t even have 4 moves
It’s called icicle CRASH for a reason
Wondering was this run or challenge posted on Pokemon Challenges channel months ago or is it a new one
"yeah im mentioning that in my suicide note"  -jan 5:25
your game took the evolution of that cubchu personally.  edit: fixed a misspelled word.
You guys are honestly anime characters at this point xDDDD, i love your duo vids so much the energy is just immaculate. Gives me Gon and Killua vibes haha
How... how are there still this many issues running Scarlet and Violet just shy of a year from release date... These games are such a joke.
Fuecoco is the optimal starter
The long awaited video is here and it only took 9 months
is this fake?
21:20 idk, that japan trip says otherwise....
5:58min looks similar to overwatch 2 at the beginning, on switch. I see some patterns there
YO INDIVISIBLE MUSIC
8:32 "Scarlet and Violet are good games" said no one
Lokix hype
Jan - struggles early - constant mistakes - over calculates - fumbles with sludge item at elite 4  Jacob - lost the first run
"Completed" Didn't even battle the final match in your the Championship storyline, much less the other 2/3rds of the game. You're not even halfway done with your nuzlocke.
keep in mind that Pokémon is the most successful franchise in human history, and this is the game they put out. 9:00
I still think alpha and Jan are like joker and aketchi from P5R
These two are both tryingto be blue have the same chaos gremlin vibes as green
I finished Indivisible like two days ago, and know I see this video with a song from that game
He basically lost the first run he's also definitely not the nuzloke king
Am I crazy or has he posted this before…?
😂 Boy, have i missed this Rivalry.
Love this Enemies to Lov... I mean Friends arc
The most Jacob tries to trash talk Jan, the more the onix clip plays rent free in my head.
Yo he got a certain badgers swaud
How do the Nuzlocke rules work here with catching pokemon? I know it's the raids, but how exactly does that work?
Alpha, like he isn’t setting up a fucking pit trap: Who’s the sexiest Pokémon? Jan: uhhh, I guess lilligant? Alpha: I’m not answering this, what do I look like? An idiot? Jan: *that one tails got tricked image* fuck, I got tricked-
You should race smallant in some kind of pokemon race.
That 'finding liligant attractive' bit ended up being massive foreshadowing really got me
Rip Cacturne 😔
Some game critics gave this game a 10/10... TEN OUT OF TEN! Really let that sink in.  Also loving Alpharad's bitterness coming out to Jan over past critiques of his nuzlockes XD hilarious
Alpharad uploads a Pokemon Nuzlocke video.  Me: "Show the clip. Come on, we all know that you're BOTH riding that clip for at least another decade."  Not even 10 seconds in. 😂
Full game nuzlock when, king?
So is catears and shades your final form or do you keep another transformation in the bag for dire situations?
Excellent video! Good job guys. 😎 also can someone tell me the song used during the elite four battles? (15:46) what a jam ✨
4:58 I remember cheeseing the Water gym in Pokemon Sword.  When Nessa G-maxed, I switched in my Vaporeon, Water Absorbed, sacrificed another pokemon, then swapped to vapeoreon, then immediately following up by using my Dynamax
I’d love to see a nuzlocke using only crab/crustacean Pokémon.
Who would've thought Icicle Crash had a secondary effect where it crashes the game
As a bisexual, I approve this video.
13:34 GET OVER THE BARRIER
the Pickle moment between Rivals was beautiful
At 14:55 he ran from the shiny, it said “ he got away safely”☠️
Whats the name of the song at 1:35, that shit reminded me of smth but I cant figure out what
What the heck was that at 5:37!?
wasn't this run already uploaded?
what song starts playing at 15:45 ?
I love how the end of the video was “notice me senpai”
6:44 That buzzer into Song of Freedom Fighters, that hits the spot LOL
Gary & Paul
That cubchoo glitch is almost as bad as the glitch that makes you see your partner in area zero that I found
While I was entertained by this I'm not that impressed these games are ridiculously easy and as seen still bugged to this day
11:05 Is it just me or does Alpharad give off emo vanillish vibes here?
Even a video that isn’t about how incomplete this game is shows how broken it is.
Those 2 switching characters was scary'er than any Horrorfilm 🥶
This is the best enemies to lovers I've ever seen
10:21 clear evidence that GF needs to have a dev cycle longer than a fucking year
Wait didnt jan upload this like 9 months ago?
rival? i saw you two making out more than once
I think I watched the stream and it was so good i love there dynamic
I swear, I somehow got 'Pokemon Violet: Good Version, because my game runs smooth as butter and bug-free outside of some clipping issues, but somehow every streamer...
Have I seen this video before?
Jacob & Jan are like irl Pokémon rivals except they’re both just trying to be Blue.
Scarlet and Violet are perfect games with no flaws whatsoever (you did great despite the hiccups)
Hey! A recent fan who has come across from PChal. Been working my way through your old content and saw on a previous twitch stream for the Nintendo direct and you mentioned wanting to play more fan made Pokemon games. So could you PLEASE play Pokemon Reborn!?! I started with the original Red version, done my share of HC Nuzlockes but out of all the games save maybe the Mystery Dungeons it's writing is incredible and the best Pokemon game I've probably ever played. I know you appreciate good soundtracks in games and it's soundtrack is INSANE, plus it's dark theme, branching story with different endings, Pokemon available and hidden ones to find, it's honestly perfect imo. I believe it was in work for 10 years? And seen it said to be the best alongside Pokemon Xenoverse, but trying to play that after Reborn, it did not compare.  Anyways. Hope you see this! Love your on going banter/saga with Jan. Looking forward to the new content 🙌
Nindendo and their beautiful internet connection
I wanna see Jan top Alpharad
Jan's hidden message there is pretty dark and funny.
Why soo many *Views?*
You always will have to hit the button 4 times suddowoodow has sturdy even if you did do more dmg.
YES MORE NUZLOCKE
I wish I had a rivalry like that It's so beautiful 🥹
10:47 excellent bit
Sega chilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
We have to realize, that Pokemon is a small indie game developer and that these crashes are just part of the game. Just a bit quirky is all hehe...
Jan having the audacity to say you haven't earned his respect is something else when your last video has like 3 frames of him making out with you huh
5:25 Alpha: i still cant believe that youtube called me the nuzlocke king pChal: yeah im mentioning that in my suicide note
can anyone tell me what song is playing at 15:45? i was certain it was from sonic mania but i can’t find it anywhere
13:10 "since hes done being a computer virus-" this one line fucking killed me. no joke nearly choked on my gum from laughing. XD
are we really still using the 'what did i say' clip
I love your videos! it contains good and very attractive Content💖💖💖
so much shade the entire time alpha so salty lol
Jacob and Jan switching energies is just funny.
Am I the only person who feels like he has watched this entire video before, even though it’s new?
That glitch with the sparkles and the cubchoo incident just makes me sad. I never once say any of these crazy glitches in my playthrough of these games but so many other people have experienced them. But I just get the pop in and bad frame rate. no funny for me.
“I can’t believe YouTube crowned me the nuzlocke king”  “Yeah, I’m mentioning that in my suicide not”.  Y’all play a video game…. Chill
Stop putting discord sounds in your videos you psychopath, you keep making me think I have friends.
But what about the rest? You haven't gotten to the true final boss in the game...
Honestly really enjoy the dynamic between Alpha and Jan! Very fun to watch haha!
▼￣＞-―-＜￣▼    ⚡ Ｙ                Ｙ ⚡   /   /   ๑⚈  ․̫  ⚈๑)    pika pika ＼  ｜     つ        ヽつ   I have been working on this for sooooo long plz like
HYPER DRILL GOES THORUGH PROTECT?!?
I can't believe the highlight of a Nuzlocke video was sandwich making.
The fact that his game is just horrendously broke made this video SO hilarious 😭
What is the song at 0:36
Am I crazy or is this the run Jan posted a video about in December?
Why is this video only going up now? The soullink happened 9 months ago?
Game didn't ended. He still need to beat the professor.
awesome video sanji
Thar was fantastic ty ❤
DLC! dlc! dlc! dlc! dlc! dlc!
Does anyone know what the game was that Alpha was playing at 3:50?
3:35 tap water is a sin
hey nice the vaporeon has water absorb, also did you kno-
If jacob haven’t watched jaiden video yet, would be cool if he were to do it on a stream  If he did already a reaction, let me know I would absolutely look it up ❤️
I watched this live like...11 months ago
Real Question: Why do nuzlockes consider Geeta the end of S/V when Sada/Turo is clearly the climax of the game?
So nice of Alpha supporting inferior players
the onix clip is officially out of retirement
Tsc tsc you gotta play around the crit bro
Get over the barrier playing is definitelie the capstone to this challenge (I know, the pun is bad)
Bro I thought this was a second S/V soul link, no it just took you 9 months longer to put this out.
13:08 “Since he’s done being a computer virus”
The sandwich part was weirdly precious? The big smiles were nice   This whole video had me smiling like a fool, please do this again sometime 😭😂
Jancob aka Alphachallenges
Me: No way’s there’s another Nuzlocke by you guys and it’s even a soullink  😍
But what if they kissed
I think it's genuinely really interesting how Jan has played so much of the older generations that he forgets things only found in the newer ones, such a a niche ability on a Gen 7 Pokémon.
Guy took Icicle Crash literally
I wish that I could say I was surprised that Jan stressed about every dang gym leader but I am not 😂 However that in no way diminishes the fact you both did great, good job to you both
I need somebody to explain wtf is going on with your playthrough, Jacob. What did you do to make your game so buggy!? xD  Clearly it's not as simple as it "just being a buggy game" since he's apparently not having ANY of these problems, and that is something I have NEVER seen before~
Love how jan used the pokemon he said was the sexiest to beat the champ, valid take tbf as well
alpharad and jan are like those two guys in the gym: one hits all his macros, optimizes his reps, gets adequate sleep and looks phenomenal. The other comes in whenever he feels like it, smashes a cheeseburger mid-set, and stays up until 3 smoking with his friends and somehow looks the exact same. unreal.
Trails music spotted
I love when they make fun of each other's content with Alpharad going really dry and dead in his voice and PChal going extra hyper with his. Though I will say that PChal is really exaggerating it, like I get it some YouTubers are way over the top and obnoxious but Alpharad is just the right level of pep while Alpharad is right that PChal is a little too dry with his commentary. PChal doesn't need to be hyper and it really wouldn't fit him to be so, but he could use more energy.
Genius move putting the octopath traveler song for the Elite 4 Larry fight
I never knew that part of punkrock ability that it halves sound based moves. Kinda makes since tho
NO KEKW
Congrats on making the trending page, Alpha. Well deserved.
The elite four music was banging wtf was that song I have to know
How are you releasing this video 9 months later than Jan?😂
My switch won’t even let me play Pokémon scarlet every time i put the game card in my switched freezes and doesn’t do it with any other game and everything is all up to date
Pokémon be sexy, yo. We need to stop hiding from our true selves. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. It’s okay to want to fuck a Liligant.
Alpharad is more the nuzzlocke jester than the nuzzlocke king.
Larry is just build different
I really don't understand how all the YouTubers have the most broken copies of Scarlet/ violet in the world. My game has only crashed twice in over 120 hours of gameplay. My game has also never had any debilitating visual glitches either. Lag and choppiness is always an issue, but that improved somewhat with the Teal Mask patches.
Outside voice Jan and depressed voice Jacob is an unholy union the world isn't ready for
Ive watch alpha slowly go from a god of smash bros youtuber to an insanely good poketuber
the octopath traveler ost at the end. Beautiful!
Leaving Jan out to dry on the sexiest Pokemon question was comedy gold.
Jakob, I think your copy of the game is corrupted. You should probably check that in Data Management of System Settings.
I hope when the final dlc comes around we get to fight geeta again and she has kingambit as her ace instead with glimmora at the front that would be hella fun
Ah yes, the soulink of pokemon violet and buged bear
Is Alpharad playing on version 1.0?
Holy crap is that Trails music I hear at 14:04 ?
holy fuck Jan's answer to youtube calling you the nuzlocke king.
When the game first came out I had a cubchoo also try to evolve after the same nemona fight and it crashed my game 3 times over the day trying to evolve it. The developers are wild
Jacob has something Jan doesn’t. Extremely good luck
Honestly my little gator friend swept the vast majority of my boss fights
The character arc between these two over the years has to be a favorite of the Pokemon community at this point
I was so convinced this was a reupload of an old video but then I realized I was thinking about Jan's version which came out 9 months ago lol
Wait, hasn’t it been almost an entire year since this happened?
21:26 is the best part of the video though....
The half Lokix sweep is the ultimate litmus test of how bad Geeta is
this vid is essentially a comparison of two types of ppl casual funny haha player vs a tactiful player
Trails from zero jumpscare
What a great second entry in the Coach locke series 😌
Wasn’t this already a video?
Holy crap you are on a NSP video, i can't wait to see it ❤
Jacob and Jan teaming up for content is like Goku and Vegeta teaming up to fight a huge threat
Jacob & Jan are the perfect duo for this type of challenge. 🤣
He named the sprigatito after himself😮
Scarlet and violet have been out for almost a year and its still this unstable.
Tbf shadow ball after 4 sp attack boosts is prob enough to KO toxtricity
2:48 I'm more of a Salazzle kind of guy but you know it be like that...anyways
Hasnt Jan gotten got by the "most attractive pokemon" question multiple times?
It's crazy how Geeta is so bad that you can lose half your team fighting the Elite Four and still beat her with little issue.
perfectly coded game!
nemona fight where ???
finally after 9 months, we got the other side to this grand nuzlocke run... and i love that it just goes more in depth on what jan didnt know about
Anyone have the name of the bg music at 1:38? 🔥
No offense to Alpha i understand he's gotta get the coin, but Airup seems like the dumbest fucking product imaginable. Like why would I spend extra money on a special water bottle and plastic smell pods. If I wanted to drink water and be reminded of fruit at the same time, I'd just drink Lacroix. At least they come in aluminum cans, which don't create shitty plastic waste. 0/10 sponsor.
I swear ive watched this video before, what
wait they haven't patched out beartic glitch??? I thought that was gone already!
you know when I saw that Baxcalibur in this video I just realized IT LITEARY LOOKS LIKE GODZILLA I was soo long blind about him
Jacob's Beartic was literally just a digimon in disguise
TFW your browser tab crashes while watching this video... Beartic's escaped confinement!
did you play an indivisible ost?
16:49 why did u call it copperraha 😭 that's not a Mexican naming thing tjat u have to turn j's into H rajah means a king and is defined an inspiration from Indian elephants just call it raja
Never ask: A man his salary A woman her age Alpharad what Cubchoo evolves into
I was expecting you two to battle in the end since your rivals.
Not just the first gym leader, the BUG gym leader. Bro… how do you mess up that bad?
That just proved meowscarada is surperior
Jan using a YouTube voice made me so uncomfortable 😂😂😂
Wasn't Nemona the final champion?
Air up works on the same principle as putting juice in your bong. You aren’t directly taking in the flavoring, but bits of it when air passes through
I too started with sprigatito. And i too struggled on the 1st gym 🥲🥲🥲
When people try and argue that scarlet and violet are acceptable games, and that "graphics aren't everything" - I'm just going to point them to the absolute insanity that was the cubchoo evolution bug-fest. These are just broken games that are so bad they're funny 😂😂😂
Beartic: the Forbidden Pokemon
I swear I’ve seen this beartic before
Is it weird that I thought Alpha and Jan were teaming up with Iono as their rival when I saw the title?
Damn, Alpha looks fire in that suit🔥     Looks a bit like Sanji 🤨
Glad you guys finally had your first date :)
whats the music at the begining of the elite four?
Does anyone know the song playing during the elite four cause this shit a banger
The bigger question  is did Jan subscribed finally?
Pokemon Violet was the first pokemon game I bought and played through entirely, and I am *still* astonished at how poorly it runs.
Maybe Jan gave you the easy early game with Fuecoco.. knowing you needed it ;)
MORE JACOB AND JAN CONTENT WOOOOOO LETS GOOOOOO
omg the part where they "switched personalities" killed me
Odds are Jan is still not subscribed
I feel like i've seen this before
Lulz. Jan carried you and make sure your team was the best
Scarlet violet is a perfect game with no bugs
Ok this video gives me a really good idea for my own video
Respect? No, I want to know if he's subscribed yet.
old run
yo that Radiata Stories track though
I don't get why Alpha never does the rest of this game's story in his challenges, the professor battle is not post-game, it is the final fight of the game, the credits play after the professor, not Geeta
Beartic learning icicle crash and Game crash in one evolution is wild
I love how most of Jan’s thumbnails now have him facepalming.
can we get a “WHAT DID I SAY BRADEN” counter
The Beartic that kept crashing the game is the true villain!
How the hell did the game brick so hard you can’t open your Dex because of Beartic lmao.
The fact that this run was 9 months ago is insane
I swear I've seen this before?!?
Didnt the copy yan and the ice berg crash happen before i remember this
Bro got hit with the beartic thousand yard stare 💀
The most attractive Pokémon according to Meowth in the anime are Gardevoir, Lopunny and ... Glaceon.
after a game crashing incident i think we need cubchoo/beartic creepypasta
Game crash due to necrozma wanting the light
Didn't the beartic glitch happen in your regular run too? I swear I remember basically this exact thing happening before
Jan runs off years of Pokémon knowledge and experience, alpha runs off divine intervention and comedic timing
This really shows again how bad of a champion Geeta is. In other games having only 4 pokemon left would be at least a hard challenge. But thanks to her incredibly mediocre team which she sends out in the completely wrong order (Kingambit often appearing as 2nd or 3rd and Glimora as the toxic spikes setter as the last), defeating her is not a real challenge most of the time.
Isn't this run 2 Years ago? I think I saw it on twitch :D Great video tho
Why do i feel like Alpha is IRL Iono whilst PChal over there beeing the IRL Larry <3
bro this is a reupload from a 9 month old vid of pchal
When are we going to see My Hero Ultra Rumble gameplay.
I love this duo
We need a jaiden and jam rival walkthrough
what is the song at the end during the champion fight? :O
blud just reuploaded an old vid
My crowning achievement will always be the fact i started the "larry crashed the game to fight Alpha again" joke
you should wear the "champion outfit" more often
*Actually checks out advertised product for once =Doesn't ship to Canada=  Well fuck me I guess.
This is truly an anime training arc. You'll get there one day Alpha
Love the concept but i hate watching runs of newer games, if this was done on a gen 3-4 game i would watch it
Jacob: puts on a suit and carries Jan Me: am I attracted to this? I think I’m attracted to this!
15:06 These are two grown-ass men by the way
Fuck im so tired I thought the title said Persona 2 nuzlocke
scarlet and violet challenge reminds me of the rpm friendlocke (it’s private to outsiders for the time being I believe) but it’s just.. y’know, a friendlocke. They recently beat Scarlet, and now are going to Sword/Shield. It’s weekly so maybe I’ll be able to join? Not like it matters, I doubt anyone will see it. Yeah.. also the dialogue was edited to make Sada Family Guy funny moments.
Thanks for calling Vaporeon "impenetrable". I know it took restraint
I swear I remember seeing the clips of these crashes months ago lol
I watched the end of the first attempt and start of second attempt then stopped I can't watch live streams for long
Not expecting me to see the Tera raid helpers being Alexander but hey there’s a first for everything I guess
I also don't think Pokemon are attractive.       Braixen.
wtf kind of ben drowned cubchoo was that LMAO
i thought he said he wasn’t going to ever use onyx clip after the reaction video to jan
Seeing clips from this game always makes me annoyed, I still can’t believe this is what game freak churned out
add cubchoo and icicle crash to the alpharad ice berg
Jacob & Jan are my favorite enemies to lovers story
alpharad come on man, at 5:25 how could you crop out "yeah i'm mentioning that in my suicide note" thats HILARIOUS lmfaoo
This video should be called Idiot youtuber plays a 2 player nuzlocke... with alpharad
If there's anything or anyone that is never punished, it's not alpharad, it's Nintendo when making horribly unfinished Pokemon games
your honour i love them
The new games might be flashy but they don't have the same challenge and need to team craft that the older games did.
The beartic racism is insane
gotta love the octopath traveler ost music in the past few videos
Jakob causally discovering new glitches in scarlet and violet. That just don't make any sense.
Watching the beartic mystery unfold was like reading a creepypasta.
what is the ost at 1:50
Oh lord he still has no respect for you because you screwed up the first run
CANNOT get over 5:26 where Jan’s reply said, “yeah I’m mentioning that in my suicide note”😂😂😂
This run is just a clear representation of "Strategy and Analytics" vs. "Fuck it, we ball"
Beautiful Pokemon Rivals to lovers story
now there needs to be a soul link collab with Jan and Jaiden to complete the trilogy lol
i wonder how many times imma see that onix clip
I’m a huge fan of your work, and I’d love to offer my video editing skills to help enhance your content. Let’s chat about how I can assist you in creating even more amazing videos!
I love that Jan's Video of this run came out 9 months ago
Jan is smirking while not being subbed to alpha as we speak
Amazing
HE CHANGED THE SPONSOR MUSIC FOLKS!!! SOUND THE "CHANGE" ALARMS!!!!
> No Team Star battles > No Titan Pokémon > No Clavell > No Penny > No Champion Nemona > No Area Zero  I wish Alpharad would do actual Nuzlockes ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
the moment alpha earns jan's respect is when this rival money train stops and there is still a lot of money left on the track
yall should try pokemon elite redux, im sure yall would have a blast on the player vs mode
13:48 TRAILS MUSIC HELL YEAH
I CANNOT believe the consistency that beartic messes you up. Unless this is a reupload and I forgot?  E: Okay this is 100% a re-up, but fk it, get that sponsorship money alpha
You should do more investigation on that funny Pokedex
I did a mono ghost/psychic nuzlock run. THE FIRST GYM WAS A DAMN STRUGGLE
Honestly, Jacob having Jan's back by doing _exactly_ what that comment tried to call Jan out on is so wholesome.  You couldn't ask for a better rival pair.
Did I watch this video in a dream? I thought it had been uploaded already a long time ago lol
Naah I'll pass 0:09
Jan is like the WORST nuzlocke player ever
2:24 meowscarada 👀
It's okay Jacob, Ultra Rumble has taken 80 hours of my life already too 😂
buddy cop duo
Great video alpha but your title has an error it says rival instead of lover
I love the side plot of medusa-beartic that just destroys the game
its crazy SV crash almost as much as a bethesda game. i thought i was playing FO76 or something
Is there a way to get the rules for your catching mechanics in your nuzlocke run? I want to attempt this with my sister.
In 2000 Year an archologist will dig out the Videos of Jan and Alpha and use it as an example for character development
my only issue with this video is that’s it’s 21 minutes
Geeta's team is so anti-climactic, so I always count the game is over when either sada/turo battle or at least Nemona's last fight
Rivals but no random rival fights?
is this a re-upload?
honestly Jan is based for his sexiest pokemon pick
Jacob is so clever. Creating hype with the kiss clip and posting this video and the japan vod.
THE INDIVISIBLE MUSIC OMFG  Goated soundtrack
“What’s wrong with this game” …. EVERYTHING!
Pretty sure Jan and Alpha made out in the bts
Waiting for Jacob to finally stop using the Onix clip
That’s soooo funny I thought I already saw this video because of the beartic crash but that’s because Pokémon challenges uploaded this nuzlock 9 months ago but this is alpharads version of events.
Violet and scarlet are perfectly coded games with no bugs at all!
I miss Dating Start on the ad read, but I liked the piano jazz and Sonic blue balls minigame
Suiting up for the Elite Four is the most baller thing I've seen from you so far. Huge respect.
What kind of rival would Jan be if he finds you worthy as an opponent
Enemies to lovers for the win!
Air up just sounds like diet vaping
I feel like if you make it to Geeta in these games its just a free W. Her team is just bad.
I’ll have you know, Mr Alpharad, that according to many MANY Pokémon fans this game is a flawless masterpiece and that any “bugs” are just your Switch’s inability to run such a magnificent tile. Also, that didn’t happen in my game. Also, you should just be happy with what they give us. Also, they’re a small company. Also, they only had 3 years. Also, they let their little brother design the game. Also, whatever other things Game Freak white knights say to defend this game.
Vaporeon impenetrable? Sounds like a challenge
Yoooo! Based Liligant enjoyer?
21:13 and just like that
Jan is hilarious at times
It icicle CrAsHeD the game  I'll see myself out
Wow these videos do take awhile to come out, I remember seeing this stream like, the same month scarlet and violet released
I personally refuse to believe he's "the greatest Pokemon nuzlocker in the world" until Ján attempts a nuzlocke of Pokemon Unbound on Insane difficulty, since he only "does hard hacks".
Ok, the "petty theft" joke was too good
Ah yes, a polished game with no glitches at all and totally worth its price.
I was confused as to why this felt familiar and at the very end i realized Jan uploaded his video 9 months ago
Brian babe, Wake up. *New Alpharad Pokemon nuzlock just dropped*
Oooooo
5:45 POV: playing Xenoblade 2 on yuzu
Cubchoo: crashing the game   Me: just catch a beartic, glaseado mountain is right there
9:40 This has to be the most unique glitch I've ever seen in my life....
based Song of Freedom Fighters pick
Jacob keeps getting better at Nuzlockes while Jan has learned the art of throwing for content.
Song at 1:48?
The one song form radiata story's got me feeling nostalgic.
How is this game so bugged?? I heard about issues, but seeing this is just unreal O_O
They have such good chemistry
Gaymers
5:25 can we talk about what Jan said in the discord message? No? Ok, thats fine 🙃
I just want to say, I'm holding my subscribe hostage from Jan until I see that he's subbed to you. You'll both be a sub down until he capitulates.
It’s wild that these games are nearly a year old and all the game breaking bugs are still in it. No fixes, even some new ones with the DLC. No one cares less than Game Freak 👍
If I've learned anything from this video, it's that Jan is not used to Gen7 and onward gimmicks, and honestly? I don't blame him.  I've also learned that Beartic is a universe buster. Its mere existence tears apart the fabric of Scarlet and Violet (which albeit, may be an unimpressive feat in the grand scheme of things).
Ah yes, the Onix clip AGAIN. <3
I liked liligant
Love the sponsor, wish I had the sense of smell.
why don't you try nuzlocking pokemon...... but you have to use the pokemon you catch in order of first catch to last one caught as your six pokemon, all extras go to the PC too wait being in the party in order, no swapping pokemon from the party and each faint of a pokemon gives you the oldest pokemon caught too the party, of course battle swapping is one you could give either a rule out or in but the party cannot go out of order.
Jan and Jacob, enemies to lovers. I ship them tbh.
Well of course you didn’t earn his respect, you didn’t even do the final nemona fight like a coward
vs in Ultra Sun/Moon getting the furtherest with the fewests deaths with time breaking the tie
Would of been good to see you beat the whole game like that.
Babe, wake up. New Nuzlocke King video just dropped.
Of course alpha made the eevee into a vaporeon
Bro picked easy mode choosing fuecoco then giving shit to Jan 😂
I didn't like nuzloke of scarlet violent bcs its seems like nuzlocke at all u can see pokemon in the route and second its 3d i like pokemon in 2d pixilated
Of course you haven't earned his respect – you didn't complete the run! Nemona's left!
I refuse to believe anyone has ever struggled against Geeta
Feeling like I got flash banged hearing Get Over the Barrier in an Alpharad video of all places
What’s the music that starts at 10:38 ?
Weak aura: calculating damage numbers, building an optimal team, etc  Strong aura: fuck it, we ball.
HE USED RADIATA STORIES MUSIC!!! LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
Why did it take 9 months for this to come out?
this is the best enemies to lovers story i’ve ever watched
Good video ^_^
5:26 Jan’s response to Jacob’s comment is golden😂😭
Ernie gang
Hello larry
So to conclude, the best nuzlocker of aaaallll time is: RTgame
itll be a cold day in hell before alpharad doesnt use the onyx OHKO clip in a pokemon video
What the background music at 13:35
What the music at 12:32
I swear I've seen this before. Is this a re-upload, or did Jan post a similar video a while ago?
Why did alpharads game crash I've never had a crash at all
1:37 Not the Indivisible soundtrack 😅
you may not have earned jans respect but you have certainly earned his love /j
Shoutout to Vaporeon for getting the final blow in
Am I the only person who thought entrainment was entertainment
The definition of planning = weak aura vs fuck it we ball = strong aura
This video was great as usual but man I just can't wait for your SA2 180 emblem vid
Luck vs Skill the unbeatable match up
Jesus Christ this gen is the " just terastalise moron" gen isn't it. I think that in this entrire video I saw less non terrastalised Pokémon then terastalised ones
Jan is a man of culture, the lilligant pick is immaculate! 😂
Jan turned Jacob into a version of himself and I'm sure now he regrets it. XD
2:24 What a dumb question....        4:30
No I agree. Lokix is GOATED. Love the little Kamen Rider bug-he was on my team for most of my playthrough...
13:41 no way jacob just use "get over the barrier" music. Guess jan is the final barrier for jacob to be the nuzlock master
thank you for giving me a video to watch while sonic superstars is downloading
Better watch out! Beartic gonna Icicle _Crash_ your game!
Hype!
Ah yes, the iconic duo of Jan "PokemonChallenges", and.... Sanji-san.
Pokemon Scuffed Scarlet
The intro was perfect
5:35 Hold up what was that bottom message-
There is something profoundly upsetting about ham and cheese sandwich with 2 pickle slices in the first eighth of the sandwich — like I know it was for the dick joke but if I got a sandwich with two pickles and one end I’d cRY
It's so awesome that that Vaporeon had water absorb, what a useful ability
The fucking Onie clip
youtube just forced me to disable AdBlock. not cool
OMG you using Radiata Stories music made me so happy!
I LOVE TOXIC YAOI!!!!
Enemies to friends, what an arc they’ve had.
Lokix is definitely one of my favorite of the new pokemon :D
3:41 glad to know you're addicted to the game, *after you and Jo got me addicted to the game*
I remember watching this stream, forever ago. Glad to see the vid now
i thought i was having severe deja vu cuz i saw Jan's video a whole 9 months ago lmao, great run nonetheless!
Who would have thought you two went from enemy's to lovers.
Day 1 of asking Alpharad to play Mario Strikers Charged
that entrainment play was crazy. leave it to jan to sweep with a move id forgotten was a thing
Nuzlocke king but hasn't don't a kaizo ironmon run.... CAP
When they were doing the sandwich, making mini game, I was playing Xenoblade 2 while they were playing Xenoblade 2 music
Terastalizing is really fun. It just encourages clever teambuilding and fight planning which has always been my favorite part of the game.
Jan losing the first gym despite being the more experienced nuzlocker......  😂😂
I’m a simple man, I see alpha+Jan in a video and I like it
Yes honey, I’ll watch the onix clip again 😔
5:25 "yeah im mentioning that in my suicide note" -pchal 2023
Epic nuzlocke!
And just like that
I guess that's why he learned icicle crash
Imo the craziest thing about this vid is that pchal uploaded this playthrough 9 months ago...
Ok but scarlet and violet are pretty easy so now do it for pokemon platinum
You are getting so much milage out of the quick claw onix clip lmao
Jaiden Jan Jacob The JJJ
As mean as it is to say, I've come to realize that Jan looks like Eggman with the circle sunglasses
As of the YouTube time dating system this video was uploaded at almost the same time as Chris chans return...  I'm sorry to inform you Jacob
Get that FREAK away from Lilligant, wtf
This is a full-price, released, AAA game, folks. This.
Literally did the Pokémon rival to friends thing.
👁️👄👁️ haha what the hell is wrong with this game. I enjoy it dont get me wrong, but why the hell is the ocean bigger than the REAL earth, and its sky sphere is bigger in proportion to the ocean than the sun is to earth.
3:05 did you try selling me a cock ring for a water bottle alpharad?
First time I played violet I fought Mera too early. I thought I was going to White out but then I remembered charcadet has flash fire
Somehow I’ve seen this game crash on Cubchu’s evolution twice now.
16:21 It actually was a waste of time and he didn’t need to have leftovers.
Alpha having so many game crashes brings up my PTSD with this entry in the series. I have never had a more frustrating experience than with Scarlet/Violet. The shit was so broken it ruined the first play experience. Not even going to buy the DLC for such a busted game.
Shame this video was only a 20 minute recap
that voice personality swap was hilarious
It’s funny how Jan thinks that Jacob needs his respect.
the real question is has he subscribed yet lol!
9 months ago damn this was delayed
2:38  Jan, I now have deep respect and nothing more for choosing Lilligant as your answer. As a Lilligant enjoyer myself, it is such a honor to have my favorite be called and dubbed “The Sexiest Pokémon ever in your opinion”. Any Pokémon who was on the chats mind, get out of here. Only Lilligant fans, Jan, and me be happy.
I’ve seen a lot of trashy anime and even I’ve never seen someone as tsundere as Jan is for Jacob.
straightest poketubers
I like he lost the starter, Torch Song is so OP
story telling's all over the place you dont show any of the fights have no idea whats going on besides what you say and even that is minimal. Ever heard the phrase before show dont tell?
Wait this is the same run pokemon challenge upload 9 months ago? Damn this is late.
I agree, my hero ultra rumble is randomly fun. The gacha mechanics are some of the worst I’ve ever seen but damn if it isn’t fun to play
2:57 I would’ve rather you talked about fucking Pokémon for that minute and a half.
Watching the last few Alpharad Adjacent videos, seeing his My Hero BR playtime jump up 15-20 hours at a time, is truly the most Jacob Alpharad vibe.
It's a fantastic Nuzlocke, I'm just confused by the bugs. I know Gen 9 got some issues but I SWEAR Jacob finds some weird stuff.
Alternate title: The Lads play Bugged Pokemon Scarlet.
That sandwich section is gonna spark so much Fan Fic
Jacob really knows how to run a bit into the dirt and stomp it til it’s flattened, I am so tired of seeing the Onix clip lmao
I like that even as alpharad is doing less video game content he still has time to troll Jam (and also perhaps discover a love of hardcore nuzlocking)
What was the game he played during the ad??
this might be the first video in years where you mentioned vaporeon and not the copypasta i'm proud of you
"so much meat between these two boys"
Dude the Beartic glitch, hilarious as it is, is the most egregious fucking glitch ever, I swear to god
Like I know Beartic destroying Alpharad's game is funny but it's also sad that *this* is what Pokemon has become, how the mighty have fallen
That onix clip is going to played at his funeral.
didn't you already make and upload this video but with different editing? Like the teams and loses are the same at the start. But Then again I don't remember if you won the race in the original or not.
AND JUST LIKE THAT
should've played around the crash
to bad you didnt have a mastiff XD my mastif destroyed the ghost gym leader, only one it didnt 1 shot was the mimiku XD
Ngl j wanna make a future Beatic cause that beartic
When will they kiss
and then nemona ended the run? 🤣
Jacob leaving Jan high and dry at the "sexiest Pokemon" question had me DEAD 😂😂😂
This is my first time actually looking at Scarlet and Violet, why do the 3D models look like they're made of playdoh? I never played SW&SH either, did they look this bad too? xD
Omg how long has this video been sitting jan's hair is so much longer now
Bru have you been working on this script for a year lmaoooo
Trust me, Jacob. You don't want the respect from one of *those* Lilligant fans
Why does Jacob always use the Onix clip just to show how he sicks at nuzlockes 😂
Who would’ve thought that all these two needed was to make something nice with their meat and pickles together to finally become good friends? 😆
What the hell did you do to your game or switch to cause that beartic thing? I've never even heard of a glitch like that.
enimies to lovers
Was this posted on Jan’s channel cause I genuinely feel like I’ve seen this already
i forgot how buggy the games were around launch. glad my game only crashed once
Don’t be a pussy. Drink regular ass water like the rest of us. Also, this comment/insult is sponsored by NordVPN.  WHERE THE FUCK IS DATING START
Im better than Pokemon Challenges
e
What is the music playing at 2:12?
I don't think any Vaporeon is truly "Impenetrable"
people start using "rival" when they mean "boyfriend" now?
13:33 Holy Crap! Jacob uses Trails Music????
ngl this might be the scammiest sponsor i've seen in a bit
You may think that PokemonChallenges is the Kaiba to Alpharad's Yami, but it's really the other way around. Alpharad is richer and pettier, he's always been the Kaiba in this rivalry.
What’s the song at 2:00????
that cubchoo really didn't want to evolve LMAO
Man it's crazy, Larry totally reminds me of this guy I seen in a d&d campaign today named Paul😅
Jan obviously respects Jacob enough to spend hours playing a nuzlocke with him. But the fact he will never say the words is so goddamn funny!
13:34 is that 'Get over the barrier' from Tesils from Zero!?
"no" 😂
the fact jan said the most attractive pokemon is liligant and kept a lilgant on his final team is crazy ngl
The same thing happened to my shiny oricoirio when I ran to take a picture of it 🥲 14:56
Scarlet and Violet are such a half-baked masterpiece, it could've been the best Pokémon game on the Switch but it's just a fucking mess (that title probably goes to Legends of Arceus)
the bromance though at the sandwitch part
Wait I swear I've seen this exact video like months ago, I vividly remember the beartic thing and the area he was at, idk if this is major deja vu or if I'm going crazy lol
I got home from work to find out that my new headset was destroyed by cats, yet somehow I’m not even mad anymore and I’m like three minutes in.
What's the ost at 17:45?
Pov Ultra Necrozma gets angry. 5:35 through 5:54
2:46 MY ANSWER IS DARKRAI, CHECKMATE SUCKERS
2:24 Such an uno reverse Jacob Alpharad moment there 10/10 gottem
you said you would never show that ice punch footage ever again…
No offense, but your sponsor sounds like a failed shark tank pitch (or just a scam)
This shit was so long ago, which does mean I had forgotten about it. But when Cubchoo showed up, I immediately started laughing as I remembered. That took so long.
I unironically hate lilligant with a passion
Game running as well as I expected it to be.
Mid as usual, keep it up!
You and Cap Kid will never live the dead onix down 😅
Isnt this a reupload
ya know skeledirge spam will sweep this e4 + champ
People drink balsamic flavored water?!?!?
Common Jacob, we know you like him ☺️
5:22 Wait didn’t you cause your team to lose on the first run
There's no way that beartic makes the game crash..... Is the game really that broken?!
this game is racist against cubchoo dam
I saw the title and immediately thought “oh god this is going to be chaotic and hilarious😂”
Isn’t it a re upload
The momment they started making a sandwich, is the exact moment that Alpha X Pchals became canon
lilligant pog
alpharad you are my favorite meal time entertainment
Im just happy lilligant survived till the end
Jan pisses me off, like unironically I have his channel on don’t recommend and here he is tainting everything with his pedo stashe and his annoying everything
Why is everyone having such a hard time with sprigatito, mine carried the whole game
The Onix may have died, but the Onix clip will never die
What’s up with all the octopath traveler music?
But we all know the rival fight is the true champion fight of that game
Hearing Trails from Zero's battle theme used in the video got me hyped
You said you wouldn't show this again. 0:08
5 months of waiting for the totk stream supercut
the onix quick claw joke is just becoming the new forward ariel
But is Jan finally subscribed to alpha rad?
11:04 Sanji san
whats the song at 1:50
i just cant get into any of these newer generation games, graphics look cool but it just doesnt look fun
Music at 19:00?
5:26 such a relatable Pchal moment
I can't believe pokémon Scarlet and Violet has so many bug types...  (I'm not talking about the pokémon typing)
10:20 maybe you should actually buy the game instead of playing pirated copies on your modded switch.... Hmmmmm?
The green screen rocket explosion had me dying lmao
You used the onix clip again?! Liar! O.o oh wait..
Lmao havent even watched the full video but you shading jan over the first gym is hilarious  Edit: you shading Jan's nuzlocke brain the whole time is hilarious lol  Jan still the goat tho
How does that same onix clip get me laughing every dang time
Jan: let me just calculate every point of ev and damage my pokemon will receive Alpharad: What is that? Strategy?, I just need 3 items and 2 moves to sweep.
The Beartic part is strangelu deja vu, has this happened to him before?
9:47 that’s never happened to me
No, I agree, Jacob.  Why IS Ultra Rumble so randomly good??
Just a casual video of Jacob showing why he's the undesputed Nuzlocke King. lol
Jacob is so blonde, I didn’t even notice the cat ears.
The iconic duo, Yaycob and Jan, finally back together!!!🔥
I love the meta sort of jokes from watching both this video and Jan's. Like the bit with the cat ears being present in Jan's video but not Alpha's.
why is this kinda like lego batman tho
17:45 What is the song that's playing here anyone know?
Jacob no dying to Katie Jan somehow losing a fucking swablu
I swear i have seen this before...
I love their struggles with the load-bearing cubchoo. This game is such an  experience.
0:06 onix clip    thank you jacob
I’m glad Jan beat the game with his waifu, it’ll be good for their relationship
every copy of pokemon scarlet and violet is personalized
Isn’t this the same run pchal uploaded 9 months ago? No complaints, it was hilarious watching it a second time, but just wondering what the delay was for?
One more time, I'd like to say thank you very much for utterly ignoring my calculations for Low Kick against Kingambit. yeah it was me DO IT FOR THE CONTENT BABY
5:25 discord message is crazy xDDDD
Can someone tell me what song plays when they start fighting the Elite 4 at 15:45 ? Thanks in Advance!
the h with the making sandwich
Is this a reupload?
I am in utter disbelief at how glitchy and broken this game is
Grusha is best boy
you survived the suffering
Thank you Alpharad for introducing us to such amazing games with the Alpharad Gold videos, because now I can confidently say, that in 1:37 THATS THE OPENING MUSIC FOR INDIVISIBLE RIGHT THERE, WHICH YOU PLAYED A FEW WEEKS AGO, AND THAT SHIT FUCKING SLAPS
Son pololos, son pololos Les decían los demás Son pololos, son pololos Y se tienen que besar
I love how well coded this game is
Jacob: "im good at nuzlockes" Everyone: "Editor, play the clip"
its so hard to try and nuzlock scarlet and violet, every pokemon game GF make being made more and more anti nuzlock as possible sucks, everything about them is getting eaiser and easier, and using a reason like its a kids game is kind a sad copout. doesnt help nintendo have specificaly said they dont like people playing the game any other way as they want, and even consider something as simeple as some self imposed ruls like the nuzlock as being as bad as pirating the game or using a cheating device -.-
Jacob going from challenging other people in nuzlockes to working with someone is some character development.
For all the trash talking to Jan throughout the video at least he got his out within 6 months
I think the main difference between these two is that Jan respects the game.  Jacob doesn't
The use of Pirate Warriors OST is so good
I forgot how poorly SV runs lol. It's a shame because I like some of the new Pokemon
12:01 anyone got the song name?
Cubchoo's one of my favorite pokemon, and the idea that it has an evolution (which it doesn't) is outrageous, glad to see the games follow my belief 8:50
11:17 what song did he use
Jaiden looks a bit different but still good
Great video, but it doesn't fully capture the gay tension like his video on the soullink did. There was a lot more than just the sandwich
Didn't alpha say he wasn't going to use the onyx clip?
Bro I'm shipping these two way too hard.
Should've played around the crash - Jan probably
ah, yes... "cubchoo" and "beartic"
Your rival??? You mean your boyfriend dawg????
Y'all are adorable lol
"Pokemon SV is the best game on the switch" they say. ha. haha.
How did it take a full year to edit this
how can someone even struggle in this game lol
Radiata stories soundtrack aaaaaah my childhood
Damn that Radiata Stories music at 6:47 unlocked a core memory
Permadeath Nuzlocke, if your game crashes, your trainer dies in a horrible crash and you have to restart the run.
How did this game get released to the public (let alone be purchased)
Never underestimate the power of the first gym leader
Nintendo
Make a video with FlygonHG you coward!
Cursedchoo
We have reached the stage of humanity where water is boring , what has life come to * sigh *
It's a Missingno in a Beartic costume!
Day 327 of having 0 major bugs in Scarlet and Violet
so we’re just not commenting on the japan video 11:14 then huh
Alpharad with the bootleg copy 😭
5:26 bro really said “I’m putting that one in my suicide note 💀”
Mr. Youtuber Jacob Alpharad, what do I do if my friend first bought airup from your sponser, decided to put watermelon on the top, and then proceed to put cold milk and microwaved water in the bottle?
The crashing isn't your game, it's your sd card Fake sd cards can cause issues like that  They corrupt data and that's likely the cause of all of the other goofiness in this video
Yakob n Friends.
When i got the notification for this video. It's said "I Attempted a 2 Person Nuzlocke withe my....." And I fully expected it be something like "with my Paramour"
Jan isn't attracted to Pokemon either, he just crunched the numbers and determined Lilligant was the optimal sexiness.
Funny thing with Jacob's beatic is i had a similar issue with X & Y, i had a copy of the game that would crash every time it saw a blastoise. So i was softlocked cause i couldnt get past the professor.
I feel like Ive seen this before? Am I crazy?
Nice months old reupload, but with a sponsorship added in
DID ANYBODY PLAYTEST THIS GAME!!!?!!?!!!!????!!!!
Did we really have to show the Onix clip again?
Read this as persona 2 and was so confused
I just love how that one Pokemon keeps crashing in the game like how the game just playing. I know sorry you can't evolve them it's so funny😂😂😂😂😂
how
I think your biggest challenge was a game crashing bug and that just seems about right for modern Pokemon games. Good job, guys!
Didn’t touch pickles enough to earn his respect. A tragedy.
pChal pulling a 13 reasons why on that "Nuzlock king" conversation damn
Jam is something else.  Jacob is terrible.  Good talk.
I love the extended sequence of how this games bugs have not improved in the slightest even after a year of patches. Highest grossing franchise in the world btw.
I wish y'all would do more than just the Gym Challenge since, as someone who managed to beat a Mono-Dark Nuzlocke of this game, I have found that a lot of the Team Star Raids and the entirety of Area Zero are very interesting in the nuzlocke challenge.
Jacob to Jan on stream: <3 Jacob to Jan on Youtube: >:(
Most profitable company in the world everyone
Oh fuck yes, enemies to lovers 100k words. Soul link suddenly feels like “there was only one bed”
Genuinely I hate that they don't do the Nemona fight. Because that *literally* is the final fight of the Victory Road, with an ending as well! When I was checking out the vods, they said "if we do that, then where would we consider the stop point?"  THE STOP POINT IS WHEN IT FUCKING SAYS VICTORY ROAD IS DONE. THE GAME LITERALLY HAS A BUILT IN ENDING FOR THIS CHALLENGE.
100% need to see more soul links. not as big as they used to be, definitely one of my favorite ways to watch a pokemon lp
alpharad ur cuul
Weak Aura: “I must run damage calcs and make strategic calcs in order to achieve an optimal victory.”  Strong Aura: “I Am God’s Favourite”
You are never gonna let Braden down on that huh
I miss AFK smash videos
i wish pokemon s/v was good
My laptop was buffering in your video at the 8:50 timestamp and I thought you were doing a joke on your video.
It's funny to see the difference between how commentary-jacob and live-jacob talk about jan.
Scarlet and Violet are definitely part of the pokemon franchise
Something tells me that Cubchoo didn't want to evolve
All the JoJo Eyes of Heaven music giving me straight up nostalgia huh?
Octopath music so good
I swear I have seen this video before
Jan flipping onto Jacob's energy is probably the funniest thing ever!
The domino effect of Jan and Jacob making a sandwich together in Pokemon to drunk making out during karaoke in Japan is crazy.
Ok but can we talk about how this vid is LATE
The first time chatter moment was so good lmao
Reposting
I love you alpharad but my parents are divorced
I think the guilt of beating larry just broke your switch
Bro this happened like 9 months ago what were you doing this whole time
Didn’t you film this like 8 months ago
Yay, Vaporeon! 4:45
Alpharad pulling out the Trails music again, big W
Lmao you have the creepypasta copy
Never evolve cubchoo, worst mistake of my life.
Jan has good taste in Pokémon.
Oh god, I remember that Beartic bug!! You guys couldn’t even trade it!
Poor Toedscruel
I love how Jacob and Jan are the best example of healthy rivalry with too many flirting jokes
I prefer tea
Bro I'm so fuckin sick of the Onix clip. It was funny like the first few times but now my eyes roll every time I see it
I love alphrad uploads best youtuber cant waiy for him to continue tomodochie live
Functional game
HOW DO YOU FIND GOOD MUSIC FOR YOUR VIDEOS AGGGGGHHHHH
3.33 m
I KNEW the intro would have the Onix scene
Yan got good taste, I agree with his answer
Jancob is a real thing, don't you agree chat?
13:34 Trails music mentioned, god bless
Another alpha video ❤
I'm not gonna lie; Toxtricity is one of my top favorites of all time, and I didn't know his ability also resisted sound based move....you learn something new everyday.
I remember when this was streamed! Was a fun watch both times lol
First black an white now scarlet and violet
So these pro nuzlockers just want otheres to min/msx there run into infinity, and only then will they "approve"?
as soon as i saw "with my rival", i knew this was going to be a good episode.
I thought the clip was retired, I thought we were past this
Jesus this game is so broken. lmao
Something tells me Jacob should try beating Emerald Kaizo now
The real final boss was the game software itself….
The rivalry never stops being funny
I wish you would do the Titans/Star Bases and Area Zero in these nuzlockes. IMO the E4 is only the first third of the game, there's a lot more challenge to be had in the other 2/3rds and the final fight with the Professor.
Lokix is such a sleeper hit.  I loved it so much and used it on my team too.  One of if not my fav gen 9  mons.
Fighting with vaporeon wearing cat ears? Now that's a bold move.
Damn this was a while ago
Whenever the Mewtwo clip appears I eat one orange.
I love how he keeps saying hes gonna stop using the onix clip and never does
i'll never say it enough, liligant is an awesome pokemon, it's my favorite grass type fort everything it is. petal dance own tempo, quiverdance, big root giga drain, i can't praise it enough.
Let's say it together, espathra has speed boost
I subbed
are we not going bring up the fact he didnt use dating start for his sponsor?
Literally who has a problem drinking tasteless water lol
Jan respects no one, except maybe RT games, and its a polite respect, not a “I idol him” type of respect
Why do none of Alpharads Nuzlocke go all the way to AI Sada/Turo?
I thought you weren’t using that onix clip again, what happened to that?!
I can’t believe the Nuzlocke King teamed up Pokémon challenges
I love these videos
Did anyone else see him say “I am not writing that on my sucide note”
The 9 month old video goes hard ngl
15:04 love wins
That Beartic was not meant to exist.
I’m sad this didn’t show Jan’s story of “Family Guy You Laugh you show balls”
should have said in the end Have i earned your sub?
What this video teaches me is that overthinking is bad,good to know
5:25 slayed me his response is so funny
17:52 octopath traveler music my beloved
14:51 this is exactly how i lost my shiny voltorb. apparently, in multiplayer sessions, if you run from a pokemon, it just disappears. im still salty over it
54mins ago !?!
The Liligant foreshadowing is so delicious
I love how many times Jacob Alpharad crashes its comical
The AD song isn't dating fight!!! That's iliegal
Jacob's Larry cosplay for the elite four is great.
Gotta love the iconic duo. Always good content
That Braydon scene will always be funny.
Hey, wait, what's going on here? That ad wasn't set to Dating Start! What is this heresy!?
Alpharad flew so close to the sun that the game had to break to stop him
husband* you bitsexual
@ 5:25 HELPPPP PCHAL'S MESSAGE!?!?!?
Wtf was up with that Beartic lmao
The passive aggressiveness in this video only shows how petty this man can be. And I would know...
Am i remembering incorrectly or was this re-uploaded, because I’m pretty sure I remember the beartic crashing Jacob’s game from a while ago
Okay I’m gonna echo the *right* opinion: Alpharad is a good actor! Fight me, Tony Gatto!! 👿🖕
im kinda surprised he didn’t mention something like “but a king doesn’t need respect” at the end lol
The foreshadowing of Jan picking Lilligant as sexiest Pokémon and then sweeping the champion with Lilligant
The screenshot going just low enough to be able to read what jan said is peak comedy
He lost to rt so he's not the best
This happened like 10 months ago or something lol.
Even though you don’t have his respect, you have something even better, the sponsor of this video air up…
5:26 I love how it’s perfectly cut off so you can see “ yeah I’m mentioning that In my suicide note” below
enemies to lovers goals
Perfectly polished game btw
2:56 I'm sorry but this isint dating start
Im sorry, i just want to say that the editing on this video was something else. Genuinely loved it, both for content and visuals ❤
Why
Alpharad is going through his enemies to lovers arc...
19:30 oh wow I believe I have never seen the Fog King theme used in any video ever, it is better than I remember it being
ALPHARAD SWEEP!?
Alpharad looks evil with sunglasses
It's not gay if the pickles don't touch
Did not know the ice bear is cursed.  (Never would have expected to hear Trails music in a pokemon video)
wasn't this already a video?
cool
Hey you guys didn’t do the Sada/Turo fight
In case any YouTube-only folks are curious about the turnaround on Alpharad videos (or need a reason to tune into streams more often) this stream is just about a year old LMAO
I would like to respectfully disagree with you, I've tried that mha game and it's just another bad battle royale.
4:28 I’m so happy he evolved it into a vaporeon. It’s my favorite Pokémon
Quiver Dance is a hell of a drug
2:57 But what if you can’t smell
Beartic has to be cursed bro 💀
I guarantee that Ioann got that entrainment strategy from Moxie.
Cool collab  I still think ending the run at Sada/Turo is the way to go, though
This video is petty and I love it
You promised you’d never use the onix clip again… To be fair you went longer then expected.
This collab feels like a hit piece
That Beartic was out to murder the run
the mewtwo clip is a classic that will never die
Alpharad being crowned the Nuzlocke King is exactly like hit indie game Among Us from 2018 by indie dev team Innersloth
The Airup bottles look like Black Impostor from Friday Night Funkin VS Impostor. There ruined the sponsor 😆
“I’m mentioning that in my suicide note” at 5:26 is hilarious
Alpha might not have earned Jan’s respect but might have earned other things…
I swear they already did this because I remember the cubchoo crash
Love the Radiata Stories music at 6:50
Hearing Jan with and Alpha change voice tones at 10:55 is so cursed, somehow
I feel like I'm having deja vu - didn't the cubchoo thing happen to someone else?
Didn’t pchal make a video about this like months ago? Or am I tripping
Too bad you used the worst game...
We need a whole stream/video where Jan and Alpha switch personalities lmfao
8:30 Oh boy, I love it when my AAA $60 game Pokemon Scarlet/Violet, made by owners ofthe most profitable franchise in the world gets a little quirky.
Alpha losing a first run of a nuzlocke is tradition at this point.
Alpha in the suit is a fire look ngl
The weak energy damage calculation versus the strong energy “fuck it, we TORCH SONG”
Alpharad really only getting around to doing this video after 9 months  Thought I was going crazy because I see the pchal one 9 months ago
Im glad that the 'WhAt DiD i JuSt SaY bRaYdEn!?!?!??' moment has been fully immortalized.
The radiata stories music really took me back. Miss it so much!!!
Lokix is busted against the champ. Swept her whole team with him on my first playthrough.
13:34 GET OVER THE BARRIER!!
Jan made Alpha look not terrible in the iono fight by saying it wasnt Alpha's play. Still, W run honestly, Beartic carry
Wasn't this run recorded like 9 months ago or something?
When I did my elite 4 in a casual fight I did not use my Tera orb b cause I thought I would not get to use it in the champion fight
"Yeah, I'm mentioning that in my suicide note"
Can you drop the Soullink rules for Sc/Vi? This makes the game actually enticing for me
The voice switch bit is soo good xD
This rivalry, I love it <3
The beartic curse.
6:45 I for sure wasn't expecting the Radiata Stories music on the video, almost made me choke on my food
Vape bottle ?
Are there vods of this if so what's the channel name?
The game crashed to much. You broke it with a Cubchoo.
Once rivals now friends
He's flying a bit too close to the sun putting the Onix-Jynx clip again
Nah i think you should do the final nemona fight in sv nuzlockes.
A better love story than twilight
good idea for jan to give alpha the starter that pretty much solos the entire game... they probably would have never finished lol
Is this video an unintentional showcase of why Scarlet and Violet are just a mess
How is it possible to use that Onix clip as much as it's been without being repetitive? There's just something special about how terrible that death was.
Didn’t someone else encounter the huge Beartic glitch?
I'm almost positive I've watched this before.
Nice to know that Jan has replaced RT as First Gym Die Guy
I can't believe he used the Onix clip again
I think Alpha actually have PTSD from that Jynx battle
You may not have earned his respect, but you did earn his love
Unrelated to the Pokemon vid, I gotta ask:   How are you liking that My Hero Ultra Rumble game? (:
bro thank u for ur videos it cured depression
What's the song in the 2nd gym it was great
BABU FOREVER!!!!!!!💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
God I love when these two collab. It's extremely endearing.
I can't wait for Pchal to react to this
Saw Jaiden's DND video; awesome u made ur player after Larry
4:43 Water Absorb but impenetrable? Are you sure about that?
I thought this challenge wasn't that interesting, but the cursed Beartic was incredible. Pokemon Scarlet and Violet are very stable games with no problems whatsoever.
Great video Jacob, I'm so glad we're best friends.😂
We're getting close to a year after release, and the game is still this bad?   Game freak really just didn't give a fuck this generation, did they?
I'm telling you, Cubchu is this gen's missingno.
5:26 is it just me or dose that response from Pokémon Challenges look a little odd
Alternative title: A Soul Link Nuzlocke but Jan aka the "Nuzlocke expert" throws the towel in every gym battle 🤣
Gotta say, this video has everything: - alphas rivalry with jan - great gameplay from both - unnecessary mistakes from both - the onix clip  This might be one of my favourite YouTube videos ever…
Now the BIG question. Has Pokemon Challenges actually subscribed to Alpharad now?   (The ending might be the answer)
That Beartic is cursed
What the actual fuck are all of these hat things and ugly holo sprites??? I know I'm behind on current pokemon but what
Alpha rad, you don’t think Pokémon is Attractive then you’re lying to yourself because we all have that one Pokémon that is sexy as hell
Why brother trying so hard impress him🤨🤨
You might not have earned his respect yet but you earned his lips in Japan.
glad to see scarlet and violet is still absolute garbage from a technical standpoint
We must complete the tri-fecta and do a 3 player nuzlocke with Jaiden Jan and Jacob
5:26 "yeah I'm mentioning that in my suicide note" BRO 💀
Would be down for more soul links like this
It’s not a true rivalry until one of you tells the other “Smell ya later!”
He's mentioning it in his suicune note?!
567th
Truly a 2 person nuzlocke
I get the bit was Jan finds Liligant attractive but like Liligant is genuinely one of the prettiest pokemon so kind of based
Not even 15 seconds into the video and he already plugged the onix clip 💀
Does someone know what the song at 1:50 is called and where its from?
god I love these collabs. They match so perfectly
Ice types don't like him do they. First jynx now cubchoo/beartic
It's sad when you don't have respect from your lover
So ... what Pokemon was the ham made of?
I hope this man has finally subscribed to you…
I was not expecting this Alpharad Redemption Arc.
using terra raids as random encounters for a nuzlocke is a great idea   Also, did you buy your switch at a dollar store or something? I know Scarlet/Violet has optimization issues but you should probably also buy from an official store.
I have the feeling I already saw this... twice
Haahahahahhahahahahaahhahahahahahahahhah so you won the first gym but he stugells hahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha
5:26 If you notice Jan’s message says “woah, I’m mentioning that in my suicide note”
They should definitely fight the AI Professor in these challenges
I just realised that Jacob does videos that are 10mil subs YouTubers would do BUT he has 3 mil subs wtf HE SHOULD HAVE OVER 10 MIL GIVE HIM MORE MONEY HE SPENT OVER 100k (I think ,not sure BUT STILL WE NEED TO REPAY THIS MAN!!!) and yea my conclusion is we have to give him more money so we could get more quality vids like this one and Jacob if your reading this thanks and MAKE MORE COLLABS WITH ALTRIVE PLS
I won't lie when the video started with a kaizo clip I thought it might be a duo Emerald Kaizo run but it was a good video regardless. But now you've done this.. Where's the Emerald Kaizo Soul link.
Please do the video on the MHA game, I would like to know what it’s called so I could try it myself
I mean I don’t blame Jan for saying that lilligant is the sexiest pokemon
No shot this is actually a video. Happy it's here but came out of no where
Jan saying Lilligant is the sexiest pokemon is honestly kinda based ngl
14:15 I swear Jacob's mic picked up someone walking on the floor above him or something. Or it just shook slightly idk.
bruh the confusion on my face until i realised i had watched this playthrough on Jan's channel
where's the undertale shop theme. I feel snubbed
Alpharad: *time to give my nuzlocke rival PTSD and Stockholm Syndrome  at the same time* 😈
I thought you said you WEREN’T gonna use the Onix clip anymore?
8:46 what is it with beartic and game crashes
Its funny how Pokemon Challenges posted this video 9 months before this
I wish for a mod on all Pokemon games that feature Jynx that would turn her back to her proper black color. Smoochum needs to be black as well.
Haven’t I seen this video before???
19:38 it wasn't entertainment?! Oops!😅
They should of battled at the end for to see the true winner
Thank god the Nuzlock King is here to teach and carry new players like PokémonChallenges.
Quick suggestion to ruin any friendship you may have with anyone. CageLocke
wait is that the video from 9 month ago on PCs channel? lul
Regarding Alpha’s Lokix against Geeta, no Pokémon on her team resists Bug (except Glimmora, but it always Teras away it’s resistance), and every Pokémon that’s neutral to Bug is weak to Fighting. So you only need 2 types to have complete super-effective coverage for her whole team. (And Alpha’s Lokix has moves for both those types)
8:34 $60 game from a $92 billion franchise btw
Hopefully Jan can get over his ego and learn a few things from the nuzlocke king
MY HERO ULTRA RUMBLE IS SO ADDICTING
Alpharad is to Jan as Naruto is to Sasuke
We can't even say "what iff... what if they kisseddddd??!?!? uwu" anymore. They got us good
Alpha's game completely fucking everything up is hilarious
Look out its Beartic
less then one hour
Great vid Jacob, also I like the use of Indivisible music, you got me to beat that game twice.
5:03 sans
Jan has good tastes in Pokémon
hmm
I swear I've watched this before.. Deja vu?
Hey what’s the OST at 18:00?
Are they gonna kiss or..?
From rivals to lovers
I exist alpharad
20:09 finally, Lokix is getting the attention it deserves for being a Geeta Sweeper.
Jan´s Video to this is 9 months old. Is there a reason why you didnt  upload that for so long?
jan may be a good nuzlocker but jacob can make a damn good video
the energy difference between alpha and jan is so crazy cuz jan is stratigical while alpha says hahah funny croc go brrrrrrrrrr
Respect? Nay nay. Did you see that sandwich bit? You earned his adoration.
PFFFFT "Beartic wants to learn Icicle *crash* "
Talking about soul links when are we getting your Alpharad animations hand drawn heart gold and soul silver soul link part 2 video?
20:08 That sign can't stop me, chat, because I can't read
0:07 did this man not say he wasn't using the onix clip ever again
Bro I knew it. Beartic is literally malware incarnate
Reminds me of the nappy soul lockes back in the day
The most enemies to lovers Nuzlocke ever
your videos always make me laugh
Check your game for a corruption, most likely that and sll you need to do is redownload the game.
wow I’m speeding 😂
Jacob left my man out to dry on that “sexiest Pokémon” question 💀💀
Ok, but the part where you two started talking like each other so SO freaking hilarious. Loved it.
Noice
Mewtwo the Onix will never find peace, will he?
And yet you still gonna have people saying this game is good.
13:34  GET OVER THE BARRIER?
kinda spittin with the lilligant choice
Anybody knows the name of the song at 15:50 ?
now do it again with 3 people each doing a different storyline
5:25 "i'm mentioning that in my suicide note." Is way too funny
it seems lke im one of like 5 people that havent experienced any glitches in ths game
Tbh winning a nuzlocke on any pkmn game on the switch isn't an achievement. The game is too easy.
Man I love y'alls relationship arc haha. But mainly that you seem to legit have fun.
seeing ma girl Lilligant carrying makes me happy
He does look like sanji, I don’t blame that Japanese kid for mistaking it
1 hour gang 👇
"Have I finally earned your respect?" "No." I loled!
Jacob: “Have i finally earned your respect?” Jan: *without hesitation* “No”  it killed me every time 😂😂
Cubchu’s evo really puts the crash in icicle crash
I think Luffy is gonna find the One Piece before Jan respects Alpha.
ive been waiting so long for this
13:33 Was that Inevitable Struggle? I know it was some sort of Trails music. Because now I want to see Alpharad talk about Trails at some point.
you promised not to use onyx clip anymore
You might not have earned his respect, but you did earn those lips of his
Whats the music at 17:19?
Ah the classic enemies to lovers trope
Wait, wasn't this run like a year ago? But you were only named Nuzlock King last month
Pikemon
One of the most colabs ever
Was that femboy alpha in the thumbnail
❤
Using Octopath Traveler music for the Elite 4 is basically cheating
My anosmia loves the constant air-up spam 🫠
That sponsor segment actually scared me because dating start wasn’t playing the whole time holy moly
I swear you uploaded this video already?  Edit: nvm it weren’t you, Jan did
That is one cursed Cubchoo...
You have earned our respect, Alpha😊
Joooo Dutch air up sponsor
Ok, either I’m going crazy or this video has been uploaded before. I have this weird deja vu and thinking maybe alpha deleted it then reuploaded it just to mess with us…. Or I’m just high off my ass
If I remember correctly that clip of the particle effects was posted on his twitter literally last year. This video took nearly a year to make
Note to self, no beartic in scarlet violet
I love how Alpha gladly refers to himself as the King of Nuzlockes, up until 12:13 when things go wrong, and all of a sudden Jan is now "Mr Pokemon Nuzlocke"
I swear geeta is the equivalent of a  lv 5 trainer given high level random Pokémon.
When was this recorded? No way the game is still that broken
He really just wants any reason to bring up that onix clip huh
Didn't this happen a while ago
The big brother and little brother energy is HUGE and I love it
I noticed the absence of dating start in the sponsor segment...
honestly love the trails music. oh and the video too but i gotta shill the trails series every chance i get
Zoink the Zoroark is my favorite in terms of the names given lol
another nuzlocke on the list
Somehow I've never seen Scarlet and Violet have THIS many technical issues to one person.  And that's saying something because these games are held together with sellotape and dried chewing gum.
didnt this soul link happen like a year ago
That’s cray
Where is Dating Start!
Bro can we talk about that dm at 5:25 where pokemon challenges said he put alpha rad as being titled the nuzlocke king in his suicide note LMFAO
Air up please deliver to Mexico😭
He's never going to stop using the Brayden clip, not in a million nuzlockes.
Asharad out here trying to get Jary to notice him.
youtube knew all along that youre the real nuzlocke king
Ayo the Trails music at 13:34!! Love to hear it. Been trying to catch up with the series for years and I'm loving it so much.
I’m so sure I’ve seen this vid already
Cause of one of these streams, i just didn't evolve my shiny Cubchoo. And I forgot about them when i was drawing all my shiny pokemon lol.
the ROAST IS REAAAAAAAAAAL
the collab ever :33
I feel like i watched this before hmmmmm
Now them kissing makes sense
This is a reupload right?
Is this a reupload?
I bet the editor for this is like super hot
Man, Jan uploaded his like, 3 months ago. What took you so long to upload.
U really reaploaded the same video
didn't you kissed your rival ??? looolll
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays at 0:35? It's been driving me crazy trying to find it
now kiss
❤❤❤
enemies to lovers, my favorite trope.
Me: Wait, didn't I already watch this?  *checks PChal channel* Oh, yep. This was out on his channel 9 months ago!?!?  No wonder I had deja vu
Love alpharad content
Jan pondering on the sexiest pokemon whilst fussing an Igglybuff is just adorable in its own way. 😄
that cubchoo glitch was weird
Cursed cubchoo needs to turn into a new creepypasta
14:24 beartic appears in the background 😂
didn't they already do this? am i in an alt universe?
“Rivals”
Why  does S/V nuzclock only  do the gym path ? That dumb
2:50 ermmmm awkward!!!
Egg reverie zone theme goes so fucking hard
Copypasta
This is funny
The cubilil situation shows how much gamefreak cares about their games
Holy Arceus this game is a broken mess. Truly a great game developed by a multibillion-dollar franchise.
15:02 never thougth that making a sandwich would have That much sexual tension....
I have nothing to add except for Octopath OST spotted
What a wonderful story. Jan has forgiven you for destroying his faith in humanity with the onix incident and is now working side by side to help you succeed. Such a beautiful display of the positive potential of people.
That bit with onyx FORWARD AERIAL same energy
Wait didn't you record this when the game came out?
If this man brings up the Onix clip joke one more time, I’m going to be very disappointed.
Jan loves Lilligant, jacob loves Whimsicott. funny how that works out
Who’s this small time youtuber that Jacob is playing with?
Alpharad: becomes Nuzlocke King. Jan: so basically, Youtube is a Bit-
yo the get blue spheres sponsor song??
5:25 alpha is his 13th reason
Why did this video come out now when Jan's video with this footage came out 9 months ago?
Did he subscribe tho?
The imitations of each others content voices cracked me up hard.
10:48 oh god I love this... Is so wrong, but its perfect
the titles have been reversed due to one minor skill issue
what kind of caqrnage is this
Never forget the flaming croc who hard carries this whole region lol
what about the one with Jaiden animations?!
I had to double check because I thought I was having a bad case of Deja Vu. Jan uploaded this soulink 9 MONTHS AGO. Why is this being uploaded so late? 😂
I forgot how glitchy these old Pokemon games were..
the bugs how even
We all know this is an enemies-to-lovers story, we all saw 11:14 of the Japan vid...
So I got Indivisible after the gold vid, and when I heard the main theme at 1:37 and was like yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
The onix clip will never go away. Justice for the funky rock snek!!
beartic warping time and space was probably the best part of the run
thanks alpha for noticing a small and upcoming youtuber!
I still cant believe this game is still broken...yet it is!!! Amd the lag was never fixed xD recording this must have been a nightmare but it made for funny content!
I love that he always finds a way to sneak the Onix clip in these videos
Wow game freak sucks.
I skipped your sponsor because you called water boring :(
If your rivalry lasts 2 years, you are no longer rivals. you are gay
I'm pretty sure this happened before Jan and Jacob hooked up during their trip to Japan, perfect character development
Good lord I’m so happy this is finally a video, watched the whole run on stream forever ago
Bro had to play around the crash range 💀
Before 1 hour ticket 👇
My favorite part is when alpha said he needed to bring his starter so Jan can use his as if he didn’t just do that same thing in the first two gyms lol
This shared suffering is what S/V's multiplayer was made for. Places the "pain" in "Spain."
Glad to see the lads playing a perfectly polished video game with no bugs whatsoever
10:04 Hearing Jan's genuine laugh is kinda nice ngl
anyone else shipping them?
Haven’t watched a lot yet, but I can already hear absolute chaotic screaming
the onyx clip is just your sailor moon power up transistion with how much milage you get out of it
Thanks to Air Up for sponsoring the video! Get your own here: https://airup.link/Alpharad1023 and use code ALPHA for 10% off your entire order.
Nice vid alpha, this is the earliest ive been
Jan gave a good answer with Lilligant.  Unfortunately, he is wrong.  Garchomp is the correct answer.
The video was just posted 20 minutes ago atp but i predict they kiss on the mouth.   Edit: 15:10 might as well have tbh
Jacob & Jan are like irl Pokémon rivals except they’re both just trying to be Blue.
Jan: "I can u-turn and pivot, but depending on the speed tie, can I survive a crit..." Alpha: "55 CALM MIND 55 TORCH SONG 55 SOLARBEAM 55 GAME CRASHES"
Cubchoo, the nuzlocke killer
my earliest watch from this channel :DD
How dies he actually loses nuzzlockes?
“WHAT DID I SAY BRADEN?!!!!” Will never get old
Great editing alpharad. I expected nothing less
i say that nemona should be counted as the final fight in nuzlockes not geeta, and im tired of seeing pokemon challenges just ignoring the last fight
Alternative title: Me losing braincells in a good way
Wow custom robo music XD
god they are both so fruity for each other-
Alpharad calling himself the nuzlocke king feels personal
Iv seen that onix clip more times then iv needed to
It's like Goku and Frieza teaming up
Not the unpenetratable Vaporeon
FULL CIRCLE! all the combos of the trios have been done!
Beartic, the hacker of games, destroyer of nuzlockes, almost destroyed Alpha’s game.
Jan:So if i do quick attack it will9×0,2÷7×65-2-2-2-2,65656542626266+7... Alpharad:Ahah Water ket use cul sprei
The Beartic Curse is fucking terrifying, man. Error_Missinglil_...
Best Enemies to lovers video I've seen this year, good work guys!
Farming them views is see, smart…
I'm surprised Jan didn't say that Gothitelle was the most sexist Pokemon since as we all know, it's one of Jan's favourites!
I watched Pokemon Challenges video literally last night
Alpharad with Jan is crazy
The cat ears make a return, who could have seen it coming
Beartic breaking the game is so funny
1:50 INDIVISIBLE SOUNDTRACK SPOTTED
Is this a reupload?
Good
Can't wait for them to both react to this video and then react to their reactions and then react to the reaction of their reactions
Wow imagine going through a whole soulink to prove yourself and just getting denied
Why is the onix clip in every single video that mentions nuzlockes???
Alpha the video pacing is too fast we can't get attached to the  pokemons it lacks emotion
Ooh
The entire comment section can be summarized as "ironic"
Bruh i was just wishing that Alpha would upload and this happened
Best intro😂
Can’t have a nuzlocke video without the obligatory onix mention
No Dating Start for the ad read?!
WOOOHHHOOOOOOOOO ITS FINALLY A VIDEO!!!!!!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉 i hope to see more jacob and jan content they’re hilarious
I got deja - vu
Alas, Braden catches another stray.
12 seconds before we got to use this clip, huh? 😂
Bruh I just watched the vid of Jan reacting to your guys soul link for the first time. 😂
another dub for larry
ngl i read Persona 2 and clicked unfathomably quickly
🎉
The besties be collabin
He replaced the moaning bottle with air up . I CANT TELL IF THIS IS FUNNIER.
this comment is going to gwt 4777756877 likes if i did i'd be so cool
Man, Alpha will never let that onyx clip die
0:09 not this clip again 😂
I keep expecting every appearance of the onix clip to be its last
this was well worth the 9 month wait
The video’s been out for 14 minutes I KNOW none of y’all have fully watched it
Alpharad’s revenge the video
Didn’t he already upload this video?
Alpharad being named the best nuzlocker is Jan’s 14th reason why. (His 13th one was Beartic)
"i still cant believe that youtube called me the nuzlocke king"  "yeah im mentioning that on my suicide note"  5:21
"Whats wrong with this game" lmao
hello jacob alpharad
Beartic woke up and chose chaos
Cubchoo is a menace
A year later than Jan’s upload
I dunno what I should do because like pokemon challenges is kinda a weirdo but like I should talk about it but i’m lazy
hello
god jacob never really will live that one Kidd clip down
great
ALPHARAD CARRY!!!!
Who would have thought you two went from enemy's to lovers.
Jacob and Jan, the sweetest collab ever
Cubchoo deystroying Alpharads switch is so funny 😭
The beartic really didnt want to exist
Da king is back baby he neva miss
You know, if you want the Onix meme to stop, you might want to stop mentioning it.
He will never let go of that Onix clip.
Alpha and jan are best friends fr.
Jacob is such a tsundere towards Jan it's almost endearing
This run is just a clear representation of "Strategy and Analytics" vs. "Fuck it, we ball"
Pls no cat ears pls no cat ears pls no cat ears
rival….         i saw that one frame picture of yall….
Only Jacob Could post a video from a stream many months old
The Onix/Jynx clip will never not be funny
I was never expecting a PM challenges and Alpha collab
Alpharad didn't respond to the sexiest pokemon question because he's still in denial about the gardevoir and vaporeon debacle
First ten minutes gang 👇🏼
The amount of milage Jacob is getting out of that Onix clip would depreciate the value of a car to the point where one could buy it simply by spitting in the dealers face.
wow
Alpha truly is the definition of pettiness
THE PEELER
We all knew this was coming sooner or later
The only place i see the Onix clip is here and Pchal, absolutely nowhere else
"Rival" alright
The onyx clip is probably one of the most historical moments in pokemon.
You did this before I believe, twice actually. But doing it against Jesus Christ? That's crazy.
2:47 friendly reminder that Alpharad has stated on fwob that he *never* jerks it to hentai
Now we need jadien to react
Bro pchal made this video 9 months ago
Please, he ain't, the best nuzlocker, being the best nuzlocker means nothing....
I’m so glad the nuzlocke king has really taken poor Jan under his wing. Hopefully Jan takes a few lessons away from this educational experience!
Oh my god i’m so happy my otp is doing challenges together 🥺/j
Tera raids are a very smart way to do encounters
I have not watched the full video yet
This video feels like a step by step guide on being passive aggressive
Alpharad: Gets mentioned as Nuzlocke King Jan: That's going into my will/suicide note
I love how he's always committed to show the infamous Onix clip every time
If I don’t see Onix in this I’m not interested
What’s the song that starts at 1:38? It sounds like NieR music but I can’t place it
Jacob Alpharad is just that gamer.
That onyx bit is never getting lived down
The slander is so funny
Dang Jan almost throwing the first gym? Sounds like a skill issue to me.
That fucking Onix clip is a cornerstone of your career as a Poketuber. It's not even an in-joke you can't live down, at this point it's part of your foundation. The narrative of your journey back into Pokemon as an adult starts from that moment.  Which just find really funny, because that incredible fuckup is in retrospect the best career decision you could have made in that moment.
What's the name of the ost in minute 2? It sounds so epic
3:01 No. *Skips everything*
Let’s goooo 178th comment
I always get jumpscared by the frame rate of scarlet and violet
god damn man, is this vid your child? cus it took you 9 months to deliver
cool
Hello there 🍵
This is the greatest I Attempted a 2 Person Nuzlocke with my Rival of all time.
"This is the last video I'll show the onix clip in" - a liar
Real ones know Jan made a video on this SoulLink last year (Still gonna watch this one tho)
Man, i love how Jacob coaches Jan as a creator as Jan coaches (or coached) Jacob. Man didnt know what he started in that nuzlocke reaction video.
5k views in five minutes, goddamn Jacob, good job.
wasnt this done like the start of the year? im having imense deja-vu
that onix clip will never die i swear
Truly one of the late posts of all time
Its been like 5 seconds, how have people already watched the entire thing
Shocked this video wasn't a nord vpn sponsor 😅
Day 1 of asking alpharad to have a rematch at smash bros
I missed the Date Start from the ad reads.
What did I say, Braden?
It was hilariously watching cubchoo fail at evolving and breaking the game
The onix clip is eternal and jacob will never let us forget it.
Nuzlocke deez nuts jacob
this was a long ass time ago and yet he still made it a video. I thought it was never coming
Here in a minute anyone?
3k views only?
this is just one of the nuzlockes of all time
i never say I’d see the day this collab came out
Truly a collab of all time
Man, this is going to be absolutely phenomenal.
I got a challenge for ya Alpharad, have a group of your friends do nuzlockes, and then host a tournament, where they can only use the pokemon in their nuzlocke party.
I did, indeed, need this collab
this upload very literally just saved me mentally
Best collab of all time
Alhparad “What did I say braiden Wharton did I say” Me every singel time “:3
Hi joe
16:02 The return of Business Suit Alpharad
Honestly really enjoy the dynamic between Alpha and Jan! Very fun to watch haha!
I love watching you two have to work together
893 viewer lol
Lol ain't no way
kool-aid
is this a reupload?
It’s the moment we’ve all been waiting for… the ultimate nuzlocke, true history in the making.
Can’t wait for Pokémon challenges to react to this
the onyx clip is going to be brought up until either the universe ends or alpharad stops uploading
ඞ
You didn’t address the amount of hours Jan has
It is honestly amazing how many times he can milk that onix clip
0:07 2 years later and we're still using that clip 😂
Alpharad milking this rivalry content and i am here for it.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Goddam its a min since this was uploaded
Lets go Alpharad! I hope your fingernails turn to stone!
New Alpha yay!
I just watched PChal’s vid on this less than 30 seconds ago.  That’s neat.
Oh no alpharad with nuzlocke not a good sign not a good sign
Keep up the good work
If you came here an hour earlier then you’re cool
Im sure this video is perfectly safe and wonderful 🤡
the masculine urge to say "we're back" 20 minutes after losing all your pokemon and saying "its over"
Howdy buddy
The 2 most different luck based nuzlockers doing it together is insanity XD
Can we just appreciate the effort he puts into his videos
That onix clip is so overused yet it never gets old 😂😂
I want sprites like your guys’ in main games to be playable as characters.
W Video
first
never been this early, so glad to be here!
Finally a video on this from you.
Not the onix clip again
Came for the PC Skills and Alpharad Memes, stayed for the content and dynamic between the 2
Yoooo Alpharad video. Also “rival” yeah sure buddy.
this is awesome sauce
Just a couple of months after jan had posted his video
7 seconds in and onix is already there
This is why your vids are so awsome they are all so creative and I loved the one you did with Jaiden so this is going to be good🎉🎉🎉🎉
Kiss already
This enemies to lovers arc is amazing
AND ITS POKEMON LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Internet funnyman AlphaRAD?
Truly one of the collabs of all time
What did I say Braiden, what did I say?
Ooh damn
Yooo
Holy fuck I remember seeing this on Jan's channel when you guys did it, happy to see the Alpharad edition though
The collab we needed but didn’t deserve
Ook
I swear if Jacob stopped bringing that Onix clip we would all forget it in time
quick claw onix really will never die, huh
The mewtwo incident will always be iconic
ohmahgah
god i hope jacob sees this comment
Great video!
This is truly an alpharad moment
NEW ALPHARAD VIDEO YESSSSSS
Yooo
Memes
Just as always, using the Onix clip like the Pokémon Masochist he is
this is gonna be hella entertaining
Nothing related but yall like lemonade???
hwugh
this video is so fanum tax skibidi rizz🥰🥰great job!❤️
First bro
More content yesssss
L
Hi alpha 👋
Hi
Hi alpha :)
W video
0:10 buddy… it’s been years since that happened… just let it go…
Bro no one cares about you and your gay lover go back to being actually funny
1 hour gang
Huge video
I cannot wait, I AM SO EXCITEEDDD
Wowzers
"Thank you to Pokemon Challenges for getting carried!" Never change, Jacob.
Second
cool vidoe
first
I could do better
Early gang?
Yipee
Here
hello james
i love men
Hi
First
Not Pokémon Challenges he scares me 😨
This is the greatest collab youtube has and will ever see
Ok
:0)
hi alpha love ur content
The team we needed
Yooo redemption arc 🎉
I clicked on this way too quickly
First
First
your pokemon want to die
The clip moment
First
The finale to the saga.
Awesome?
I’m here
Yay
5th like
I named my shiny hitmontop dr bust down
2end
gaming
Yay more Jan!
Lets go Alpharad! hoping you get to relax more!
fifth
Wowie
Let’s go
Like if no gay
Cool
Eyy Nice
Banger?
Why do I keep finding videos that just released?
Win
Okay
first
