We need 10th planet restored this way! imporatant to the first Regneration scene and also to Willaim Hartnell's farewell!
Anyone know what the music is playing in the background?
I think this story gets a lot of flak, this animation was the first time I experiences this story in full and I did enjoy it. I think it could have been a more solid production if it was an episode shorter but it is what it is. The animation was nice but yeah definitely not the strongest one, I hope we get another Hartnell animation in the future :)
Hi are we going my you tube video
please continue animating lost stories, fans are worried they’re won’t be any more
I will get this dvd when it comes out
Looks charming
Maybe Big Finish could do a Classic Who story with the Rills meeting the Dominators! The Chumblies versus the Quarks!
2030 boxset
For some reason I feel like Hartnell's era has to always be viewed in black and white whereas Troughton's doesn't. Would love to see a black and white version of this.
Excellent news! I've only just started the 1st Doctor era so this will be one I look forward to
lol I was late to the teaser
The actress who played Vicki was played by Eileen O Brien. She was in Coronation Street a few years ago and she has changed her name to Eileen Davies.
Wonderful! Now if we can just get "Marco Polo" and "The Celestial Toymaker"... Well, all the missing stories, really.
I can't believe that it really will be!)))
I have been loving these animated reconstructions so far, and it's nice to be getting a Hartnell story animated for the first time since The Reign of Terror episodes 4 and 5 and The Tenth Planet episode 4. Even though I would have preferred The Celestial Toymaker or The Crusade to be the first Hartnell stories to get the animated treatment since 2013, I'm still going to get this when it comes to DVD in North America (Importing is not my thing).
Don't get the love for these animated replacements. They're not the original stories, they're barely facsimiles. Plus they're awfully animated (though I've heard the most recent Troughton one benefited from a longer production).
0:50 I *beg* your pardon?
Chumblies!!
I really like the version of this on The Aztecs, one of the best dvd extras. Looking forward to seeing a new  recreated Galaxy 4 animation.
Chumbleys will have their time to shine
Doctor Who and the Planet of the Roombas
Really hope they improve on the animation though,  looks a bit rushed and not up to par.
Hopefully it’ll look better than Night of the Animated Dead.
These doctor who animation are incredible
first doctor? which one?
Is this animation by children?
Will you please stop with the fade in and out materialisations?! Just do a gradual fade in as it is supposed to be!
DUDE season 13 please it been 7 years
Oh bravo! About time we had a Hartnell :)
excellent
Can't wait
Hearing Jodie aka Dr. Karen chirping at the end just ruins it... 😝👎 #RIPDOCTORWHO
I'd love to see The Celestrial Toymaker animated
How much would it cost to make CGI versions instead?
Anyone else getting Picture Box vibes with the music?
Can't wait for this. Bring on all those stories, The Daleks Master Plan, The Smugglers, Marco Polo, The Myth Makers, The Highlanders  , etc. Any fans agree ?
Hyped for more first doctor!  Hopefully we can finish season one and get marco polo!
Just hope the animation is a hell of alot better than what we got for web of fear...that was just terrible and very amateurish. The promo for galaxy 4 looks crap and animation just looks Sh*t cheap and effortless
Not impressed. I buy these animated stories for the telesnaps, when the price goes down.  I might've liked them more if they'd been out when I was a little boy, but if it wasn't for the telesnaps I'd stick with the CD soundtracks.
Give me the new series
I admit it! This looks great! Classic Doctor Who.
Finally!  Great Choice!  When will "Marco Polo" come out?
This has been a great year for William Hartnell merchandise. Galaxy 4 animated reconstructions to look forward to in November and B&M Bargains released their Keys of Marinus and The Sensorites sets.
Looks georgeous! Great work
For the love of God, could people please change the soundtrack too?
So looking forward to this... May I recommend The Celestial Toymaker next?
Wow, so many years... Hope it's good.
I think this production needs more wokeness. I'd like that the offending capsule be replaced with a white man in a space suit, using his space assault rifle against a black man in a pink space suit. The droid on the ground should be replaced with a person of "Latinx" origin, to further representation quotas. Get with the times, people!
These animations are quite nifty.
I remember dribbling butter from early morning pre-school crumpets over the pages of the novelization in the 1980s and actually being struck by a tale of evil not being as expected. That was one of the joys of becoming a fan in the days before the episodes - or even the soundtracks - were around. Our expectation of the 1st Doctor was different, but now we have so much greater an insight into the show our antecedents watched. I hope it's done justice.
They didn't show what the animated actors look like.
SO glad they’re doing a First Doctor story!
Yay for season 3 content! I thought we were getting The Abominable Snowmen and Evil of the Daleks first though? I still need to pick up a copy of the new Web Of Fear release...
I almost hope that the aminated version of William Hartnell will be similar to Bill Melvin's representation of him in the TV Comic. 😃
cant wait for the josh snares video!
I have wanted to see this story since I learned of it. Doctor Who teaching the important lesson of not judging peoples by their outsides, but what is on their insides.
Cool 🙃
There is a lot speaking for the 60s episodes to be colourized for the BD Collection set. I don't think that I will like that.
So we’re getting two animations this year?
As a story it’s pretty bad. It’s probably the first serial (of many) in which a spaceship gets “shot down”. Orbits don’t work like that! Nobody questions the fact that the planet is going to blow up, as if that were something planets just do. Steven expects Vicki to share his pleasure at meeting a bunch of females. (Hmm, maybe that was radical in retrospect.) Steven the experienced space pilot doesn’t understand how airlocks work. I think it’s the first serial in which the TARDIS itself is the solution, although that in itself is not so bad. The message, that beauty isn’t always good and hideous isn’t always bad, is a bit trite but hey, maybe it needed making. But that’s all beside the point, because if you can switch your brain off it’s enjoyable, and it serves as a prologue to one of the best run of serials in the whole of Who history. The Myth Makers: one of the funniest three episodes followed by a harrowing fourth episode; The Dalek Masterplan, 12 or 13 episodes (depending where you put Mission to the Unknown) of some of the highest and lowest moments (count the number of companions who don’t survive to the end), and then The Massacre of St Bartholomew’s Eve, with the TARDIS crew plonked into one of the most desperate periods of European history… So yeah, round of applause for the Galaxy Fours…
Not my first pick to animate. But at least it's finally a 1st Doctor story. Would have gone for the two missing for Crusades or one for Mission to the Unknown.
OMG. I read the book in '86 and finally got the audio in '93, but it was never enough. As the last audio to surface that completed everyone's audio collections of missing Doctor Who eps, Galaxy Four held a special place in my heart. Just to see what really happened in that scene that I only have audio music for, well, WOW. Very much looking forward to this animated version. Thank you to everyone involved.
I rather enjoyed the recon. Suprised to see this one getting a animation but hurrah all the same!!!
Finally more 1st Doctor!
Finally
I'll never click on anything whitticker or chibnall recommend, how dare she be considered along side hartnell, the BBC is a disgrace for destroying a beloved franchise. Cancel your licence until they apologise to the fans. T
Can they stop with the nu Who repeatedly appear and disappear type of TARDIS materialisation. Do the more classic gradual materialisation.
I don't really have a desire to see this when it comes out, but if the cover art and these backgrounds are anything to go on, it looks really good! I know these are a bit hit or miss on quality, but I like how it looks as of right now!!!
Ohhh!!! ❤️
Nice, first doctor animation, I see they are staying traditional in this one As well giving us some new animation  Colour me intrigued
Oh dear, more meddling! The TARDIS should not fade in and out as it materialises. That is a New Who addition. The makers of these animations should restrict themselves to putting on screen what was actually in the original episode. I am not interested in seeing these animations if they have Polly being hung upside down by a (very un-Macra looking) Macra! Or references to the Master in episodes before the character had been created. In-jokes and "improvements" might make some fans happy but they upset others. Just show what was originally on screen (as close as possible) and everyone will be happy!
I'm so excited!
Really nice to finally have another Hartnell story return. Let's hope Amazon won't cancel the preorder... again...
the reconstruction is so good, we didn't really nee that one, would have preferred other episodes, but gotta take what we can get
One day, I shall come back. Yes, I shall come back!
Does anyone know about this game? Will it be puzzle driven? Has there been other Dr Who games? I used to watch the original with my brother and never caught on to the revamp. I just started binge watching it. It's got it's faults but I enjoy it for the most part. I wish they did a better job of embracing the Doctor's character aside from ADHD and character that specifically arises for the them of the episode. It's like a kids show from the mid 90's. I obviously loved the original as a kid but I don't think children were the target audience. Haven't seen an original episode since I was a kid (I actually have but don't remember couple I've seen over a 25+ span) but I don't think the style structure is the same. I get times have changed but in this age the structure is more like I said a mid 90's after school show. Let me not continue to be critical with comparisons when I don't even remember the original very well and was probably like 7 when I last regularly watched it. I do enjoy it. It has creative concepts that are geared around real science and has the appealing aspect of science fiction that I love and find hard to come by in entertainment at any given point in my life. So no hate it's fun. Just one more thing the whole saturation of companionship that is borderline love but uses the whole I'm 2000+ plus years old and don't want to watch you die while I live on needs to calm down. I'm at the season with the first female Dr and that stopped it in it's tracks so far but they also didn't know what to do with her so they just made her extra ADHD and killed off her home world. The writers lack a bit of creativity when it comes to the grand storyline.
We need a review of this by Mr. Cholmondeley-Warner!
Yesssssssssssssssssssss
Woooooooooo!!! So glad we're getting this Story fully animated 😍😍😍😍😍 all we need now is The Highlanders, The Smugglers, The Savages, The Massacre and Marco Polo 😁😇 supposedly Abomable Snowmen is next in line? Hope its true!
Someone tell Josh Snares. He’ll certainly be happy about this!
Happy to see my Concept Art WORK for GALAXY 4 getting RELEASED...HAPPY TO BE PART AS CREATIVE DIRECTOR AND CONCEPT ARTIST...LOVE U BBC...Happy to Be Part of this Historical Lost Episodes of DOCTOR WHO💖 looking for my NAME in CREDITS
Finally people will be able to experience the legendary scene.  The Doctor: what happened to you (can't remember exactly what he said)  Maaga: the Rills shot us down and killed one of my soldiers  The Doctor: I should very much like to meet these Rills  Steven: [in a sarcastic voice] and be killed Doctor?   (Short but sweet)
The audio aesthetic of this story is sublime - and this animation looks likely to match it : eagerly anticipated.
shout out to... the chumblies  i am very excited for this 😍
Cool galaxy 4 animations awesome
not sure about the look of this style looks a bit flat, but I'm mostly just happy were getting more animated missing doctor who
Woah
I quite liked the mini reconstructed version on "The Aztecs" sp. ed. DVD.....so will probably get this.
Saeson 3 was he's best
Why is it in color?
How did Josh Snares know?!
Awesome‼️can't wait for this & The Evil of the Daleks...‼️🤖 I'll be able to die happy ⚰️😄 once they've also done: * The Daleks Master Plan 🤖 *The Abominable Snowmen ☃️ *Marco Polo 🐫 & *The Celestial Toymaker... 🃏
I'm hoping for an animation of the underwater menace because the reconstruction of episodes 1 and 4 were dreadful. You can see how rushed it was
MARVELOUS!!
I think it would be a very wise investment to animate the first doctor who seasons. You will not only be able to restore lost episodes, but also to bring in younger viewers :)
I love that music!
strange place to start with the Hartnell story’s but oh well
Oh, that looks different... But wasn't also this music by Les Structures Sonores?
That is trippy!
Finally! Some Hartnell love from the animation studios... can't wait. I remember enjoying the recon included on the Aztecs DVD, this will be great!
Galaxy 4 good story
The Doctor could go under deep cover into Drahvin society now! 😇 And once again Doctor Who correctly predicts the dystopian future with “MAAGA”! 🤣
Wow this is incredible and a day after my 30th birthday incredible. The music which you can get on Doctor Who 50th Anniversary on iTunes called "Marche" and "Chumbley".
I know I'm gonna be hated for this, but I think Vicki and Steven are my fave Hartnell TARDIS team!   Always wanted to see Galaxy 4!
Clever story, I quite like steven and Vicki as companions
When does it come out in the States?
when is it airing on  bbc america?
Chumblies!!!
Ah, so the darkness and the black fleet are invading the DR. Who universe now? Where's The Guardian?
Watch out doctor that chumbley might run over your foot
Nice animation art! It's  right between hand painted realism and a touch of the dream state.
An alien matriarchal planet ? Did Piers Wenger request this?
I can't wait to see the face on Joshua Snares When he sees this he'll Flip
This this awful
For reasons I cannot explain I was thinking about Galaxy Four on the way to work today and now I see this! It’s a sign!
With the Chumblies I always thought this would be ideal for animation.
Looking forward to this... The 'recreation' on The Aztecs DVD is very engaging. I do hope the BBC continue offering these animations with the mono option disc too though, I find they conjure more of that 'lost magic' of the Black & White era, than the colour treatments. Though I utterly applaud the funding made available on the basis of full colour renditions for the export [US] market, as we would not otherwise see these stories at all. Thank you BBC / BBC America
I'd be happy if the animation for all the missing stories looked like the old 60's Walls Sky Ray ice lolly cards.
RETURN OF THE CHUMBLIES
Would’ve thought it would’ve been Dalek masterplan but it will do
Gla do to see hartnell getting some love with animation.  Now that they are animating hartnell again, they need to animate the crusade so we can get a season 2 box set…
“ Nothing “
The story nobody asked for, and still kinda isn't
Nice
Nice! I have always wanted to watch this one!
No No Please, please don’t be as bad as the Web of Fear animation. Wait… it… it looks somehow worse.  How?
Yessss! Finally! The First Doctor is back!
Ah yes, Capaldi’s favorite alien
Literally favorite all time story
Oh my gosh, really?  Yes, I've been waiting for some First Doctor animations!
I like how this looks so much like Star Wars. What with the desert planet and the space battle
Great to see Hartnell stories getting more animations!
Love Vicki
Not the most inspiring release, but if they're animating this then surely we'll be getting the lot eventually?
I love how they showed a sort of prologue of the story as I don’t think we ever saw this to my knowledge  Either way, so excited for this! Nice to see a Hartnell animation after 8 years and I’m glad that this story in particular is being animated as I’ve only seen the LC recon and the audio on that is kinda… Bad Either way, this animation will further my opinion that I unironically think that Galaxy 4 is better than the Dalek Invasion of Earth
Finally we can see the Chumblies in all their glory
I'm excited yet again
I am loving the look of this animation, some have been very ropey of late. Also Hartnell at last since Tenth Planet yay!
Grand!!! Will the ships in Space, be a pre-credit, or a flashback (like the one in ep'3 -during dialogue-??? Both of the alien ships appear so clunky in shape (not that interstellar movement needs elegant design or aerodynamics, we know now -in the mid 60's these were not 'saucers' or other typical space craft, nor were they looking like current NASA or Soviet designs). -Bring on more Season 3 adaptations!!!
I wish they’d colourise all the classic episodes. It’d be great to see. (Possibly as a blue ray box set???)
Yes!!!
The first Target novelisation I didn't bother finishing....
The crusade next fingers crossed
CHUMBLIES!!! YES :D
Galaxy 4? More like Galaxy uhh. .. Galaxy yes please? Awesome news!
Amazing to see this story is coming back!! :D I'm also really hoping to see an animation of The Celestial Toymaker in colour.
Me who saw that one Josh Snares video: 😳
Already pre ordered a while ago 😉
So happy!!!!
Finally, a new animated Hartnell!
Looking forward to this, but why are the animated dvd covers so bloody dull these days. Like they have made no effort to make em look interesting
It's been a long time since we had a First Doctor story animated and reconstructed. I have seen the surviving episode. Those Chumblies will be delightful to watch against the Dravins in animation.
Is this the one where the historical records tried to hide that there had ever been a galaxy 5? ...or was that a different fourth galaxy?...
i can't wait to get that
place my order already
Hooray! Fingers crossed they'll do the Celestial Toymaker next
Who else thinks the Drahvins should return? They were mentioned in The Pandorica Opens/The Big Bang but none were seen.
woohoo
Super excited, Evil of the Daleks AND Galaxy Four within the next few months!
Guys... They've done it... THEY'VE BROUGHT BACK THE CHUMBLIES!
Finally, another Hartnell animation
It's been 8 years since we've seen a Hartnell story be animated and I definitely think this was a nice way to start off bringing the Hartnell Era back into the world of animation. I can't wait for this to be released
Libya
2d style is back! Web of fear must be a one off of the choppy 3d style
It feels so weird to hear the noises of the robots, I had completely forgotten them it's been several years since I watched this episode.
Why are they rushing all of these? Look I love the animations but why not do one a year and have fantastic animation? Instead of below mediocre?
Hope it's a good drawings as power of the daleks
The animation looks interesting, almost like a comic book, I can't wait to see the characters.  I'm so happy we are finally getting a Hartnell story fully animated. He's my favourite Doctor!
*THE CHUMBLIES!!!!!*  FINALLY!!!!
YAY I LOVE THIS STORY SM
It has some decent direction, but the animation looks like it has been animated in an old working version of Adobe Flash, like a Newgrounds game.
great sounds!
I admit I  was hoping they'd found the serial itself, but this animation looks promising. Wonder if they'll ever animate any of the Big Finish stories.
Hey, cool! I hope, we'll get the German dub of this episode, too. I mean, we already have "The enemy of the world" in German, I'm just waiting for "Web of fear" and - hopefully - "Galaxy four" to be released with german audio.
Galaxy 4 is one of my all time favourite Doctor who stories
CHUMBLIES CHUMBLIES CHUMBLIES
OMG! THIS IS THE ONE I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!  But wait, you have the Rills shooting first? I always thought the Drahvins were lying about that... Why would the Rills shoot first?
Hopefully the chumblies are actually animated and not just moving PNGs
The perfect story for animation! Looking forward to this one.
I let out the biggest gasp when i saw the videos title
I'm glad they're finally doing a first Doctor story, but did it have to be this one? Not a favourite.
I love Hartnels doctor. He laughs like Yoda or should i say Yoda laughs like him
To coin a phrase….. about time!!
Super excited to finally see another first Doctor story animated
Can you tell the US branch to start releasing the animated episodes on Blu-Ray? They keep putting out only DVDs here.
The next step should definitely be animating Marco Polo.
We can finally meet the Doctor's favourite monster: *The Chumblies*
Chumblees! Someone alert Capaldi, they're his favorite monster.
Fantastic and this year! Hoping Peter Purves and Maureen O'Brien will be doing the commentary. The colours and animation style in the trailer look promising. Can't wait!
Can’t wait looks good
Another missing episodes story with a existed episode animated once again.
Yess! Can’t wait for a new animated Hartnell story!💙💙
This is amazing! Can’t wait to watch it in animation. Though I would love to see The Daleks’ Master Plan animated as well!
FINALLY Another Hartnell story!!
Finally another Hartnell story!!
Josh Snares is going to be happy
Someone call Davis he would love this!!!
So glad to get another First Doctor animated episode, hopefully we will eventually get Marco Polo.
While not the most amazing story, it's a good starting point in terms of animating the rest of Hartnell era. Now they have character models for Steven and the Doctor, the next stories in terms of practicality should be the Massacre, Toymaker and Savages, they definitely seem more cost-effective episodes to make compared to something like Marco Polo or Master plan, which should be saved for a later date. It only has about 4 sets and 6 character models, bar the 3 regulars every character can be replicated.
Why do I get a Star Trek Animated Series vibe from this 🤔
The return to the Fury art style is more than welcome
Hoorah! Another Hartnell missing story animated at last.  They've gone with an easy one to start with i guess to test the waters, hopefully Marco polo and Master Plan to come eventually!
POG
omg omg  I’ve been wanting this story for so long! More William Hartnell content
OH YEAH Chumbley time 😎
Yes Finally A New Heartnel In Colour & New Characters
Finally another animated First Doctor story, here's to completing the rest!
Finally! A new hartnell animation
🙋 Awesomenesses this is And I cannot wait until doctor who gets back on television. I am also wondering who's going to be the new doctor as well. I guess I have to keep watching and see.
Plz hire me because the animation looks a little shambles for a 2021 production
Colour me not expected this
What on earth is that opening shot with the spaceship? Everything else looks decent, why would you put the shot that looks like it was rendered on a Gameboy in this trailer?
I'm not a big fan of the color, 16:9 animations. But I don't mind them if they're accompanied by black & white, 4:3 animations as well.
Great unique art style!
First Web Of Fear, then Evil Of The Daleks, and now this!
AT LAST! A first doctor story!
They've animated GALAXY FOUR?! What an underrated story to go with! I never thought I'd be so excited to see the Chumblies in animated form  I'm glad they're restoring another Hartnell story~
I’m very interested in getting this lost story. Also can someone remind me what the robot/creatures name is, thanks!
As long as it's not that weird CG motion capture style again I'll be happy. :)
WHO GAVE *GALAXY 4* THE RIGHT TO LOOK THIS BEAUTIFUL??
Glad to see a first doctor story animated! Looks really good
Sponsored by the Samsung Galaxy S21
YESSSSS! Chumblies supremacy 🙌🏻
All Episodes are interesting ❤️❤️💖
Finally! A first doctor animation! Giving the Hartnell era some love at last! 🥰
Look amazing
Finally
Not sure about the animation but it's always great to see lost episodes remade
Cool
Who remembers ChumblieMania back in 1964, or the movie DW and the Chumblies?  Truly the most iconic DW monster  Edit: Capaldi must be happy, he’s wanted the chumblies back for years
I can’t wait! Stephen and Vicki are such a good duo that we haven’t seen much of outside what the originally aired episodes, so this is awesome!
The first Hartnell serial to be animated since The Tenth Planet Episode 4. Excellent choice!
Series 13 Release Date Trailer ... Please
At of all episodes this is episode but not complaining should do marco polo next. But at least hartnell getting love
A HARTNELL STORY FINALLY!
Give us a date for season 13
Hi
Oia
All Hail the Chumbilies!
Early
This is. Not series 13
Cool
Early!
Epic
YEAHHHHHHH
