Enjoy the crazy part 2 of the pro era.....but what happens next will be even crazier...
New theory- that power is hinting that the next phase is hacker
Evbo has been great 👍
when evbo was running from the pro in the arena, I was like “U GGOT A BUCKETT THRES LAVAA”
alternative ending: punishment to the PVP civilization
Hi
You had a stone axe 🪓
You had to still ask
0:56 he should of picked the trident the trident does 8 and the stone sword is 5 attack damage
()#{₹÷à-ß•
why didn’t he take a trident
Anyone here after PvP civilization?
It’s really funny that the master pros dont even have netherite armour
I think the middle master pro is noob king before noob civilization
5:57 wait... what happened to that tree?
Escape tactic: Figure of speech  lmao
wow you dove for the netherite armor nice job YOU DIDNT EVEN FUCKING MOVE
Nah but pause at 6:06 and look at the left of the screen, what is that?
1:54 random guess but I think they are cheering for you to die. Just a thought
Ost name?
How did the pro died from lava
*there is a trident on the wal that deals twice as damage as the axe* I think ill pick the axe for something more hard hitting!
Breaking bed and respawn 💀  It ain't hardcore 💀  If you cant beat bots that cant move and just look at you just quit
@baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..” v @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”  v @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”  v @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”  vvv @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   @baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”
@baldmaster3000 2 years ago “Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”
Your  dum ok😊
Do the master pros even have 5000 xp
If I had one XP orb for every time, Pro evbo is said Evbo, would have 50,000 levels
Me too
He spent his levels on the curse of vanishing in phase 1
bro has plot armor
I always get a ad before a video
WAIT SHIIII IS THAT GRAVITY FALLS MUSIC AT THE END?
Back back
Welp time to start over 😂
I think the pros should have custom skins instead of steve skins.
why wouldnt you choose trident
why not pick the trident it does so much
Axs is are more powerful
His
Uhh I'd like to Let you know that Evbo picked an axe and then when he was running back for the gate and said it was already closed eh could've easily broken it with hid Stone Axe
bro trident hits harder than a diamond sword
He can disconnect and just make a new world ._.
Noob Evbos ;ladjf;lasdjf;laksdjf sad;lkfj  Pro Evbo
Lol
Bro became danny phantom
pov: you are here to see the full video
Bro chose the trident
Evbo In:  Minecraft Simulation [PHASE TWO Part 2]
0:54 As A Trident Pro I Can Confirm That Tridents Are Better Then A Netherite Sword
He didnt pick the golden apple💀
Make the pros more scary. Steve skins???
Hi evbo
Hi evbo
1:55  bro that is not hundreds I DONT CARE IF ITS JUST STORY
it's funny
Pro
Amazing
y is he so slow?
imagine he made this in survival😂
69k lol
i like how in the arena, the master pros dont even have any armour on and yet they are the top rank
The seawat noob made You invisible
Not 5 noobs Because the fifth one Helped you to break the beacon
Imagine if this was the end of the episode and he just randomly turns invisible and leaves.
Pick trident it’s doesn’t more damage than even a netherite sword
That ain't even 100 bro
This is actually the best minecraft series ever
/AddXp @Evbo [Xp_Level=12500800]
It’s crazy be invisible with no invisible potion
Crazy Lollllllllllll
afk
Uh
🎉
If you see a of in blue it’s just eater eggs
I,m the masterpro two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbVnaanLi5I&t=3s
😂😂😂
The gate is made out of wood Me:wait u have a stone axe can’t u just break it hmmmmmm
Evbo_ died and went into spectator mode.
This is like ObviliousHD’s The last Guest “guest game”
Maybe it’s probably because of the noob telling you that it isn’t real, if u connect it to the scenes, it kinda makes sense
You have an axe right? Can’t you just mine the fence to get back in?
Now can you do a master pro arena?
Good
0:55 trident literally has like 1.5 times bigger damage than a stone sword.
Story aside, the builds are amazing, how much time did he spend on them?
POV: your scrolling through the comments to see what evil is up against
Better to grab a trident, it does more damage plus has more durability
Pro evbo LOL
a
What if the master pro got less then 50k- 0_0
hi
केक hey tell me about this please I can't no we we we we we we we we we we we we we we tell us German jabala Bala Bala Bala Bala Bala are you hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google
केक
disque.
A
P
koelpro
its the 5th noob in arena 1
GOD Bless you all Amen 🙏
5:36: Me: Oh you’re just in spectator mode
Why. 49999 is not enough
I heard the master pros call Sheila nood then called you pro
Was the 5th noob the one from the last noob ep ? The one from the portal
Am I the only one who noticed how when one of the noobs recognized Evbo, the 5 noobs he had to fight turned to 4?
He could've used the trident instead that it does 8- damage
Lmao real pro that is
hey i use commands for levels but i still don’t have 10K+ levels
“I felt my soul leave my body” that’s intense
I think the noob that says  he knows evbo is the noob guard that helped evbo
Hi bro
NOOO TRIDENTS DO WAY MORE MELEE DAMAGE THAN STONE SWORDS YOU FOOL
Fun fact: minecraft is considered as a sandbox game  That means that the PvP or the speedrunner player is a "pro" at all The builder is
SEVEN PROS WHAT THE HELL
Pros have to wear diamond armor.
I randomely started watching him and now i love your videos
Evbo=god Pro=noob
Spectator mode EVBO
When it said 4 noobs I thought it said 4 nukes lol
4:20
What name mod?
Plot twist: Evbo Was the Former Noob Master
Ez era is a noob😂
Triden would of been better than stone sword
Would of used trident and flint also golden apples
Round three is like Speedrunner vs 7 Hunters
wow lol wow no problem
''Sad Creeper'' [Scary
I mean at least it isnt monster school
Just use creative mode
makes sense the master pros have no armor🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
I would've picked a trident because they do as much damage as a netherite sword. Plus, why didn't you pick the golden apples?
qI
Iiiiiiiii think I saw the pro that got killed by lava at the top
Why are u playng in F1?
Your stories should be in netflix
why didn't he take a golden apple lol😆😅
THE WORLDS AND HOW THEY HAVE MASTERS AND EVERYONE LOOKS THE SAME, you know there's more behind it,. Evbo... you just might find a way to get to the original world, not a noob world,  not a pro world, but a normal world free of these restrictions. That noob... he's gonna play an important role. I KNOW it. The world is fake... is there a way out? Maybe that noob is not dead, maybe the world is a fake dimension, maybe that noob keeps getting put into every dimension Evbo goes to... because someone from the NORMAL world sent the noob? OMG MAYBE THERE R PEOPLE FROM THE NORMAL WORLD JUST A FEW AND THEY R TRYING TO MAKE THE NOOBS AND PROS NORMAL AGAIN! and the noob who sounds different was sent to Evbo who could save them all, and he doesn't know how to do it, but he slowly helps him save everyone.
Listen, I haven't even finished the story, but...   Does this count as a movie? Cuz I've been saying Spider-man no way home was my favorite movie, but like this is 90184947238953106496137548373518947318670436713048961084875 times better, I love it SOO incredibly much, even better than that villager Minecraft movie I watched, every published movie ever, every Dhar Mann, youtube video, better than my favorite book, they both die at the end, you need to publish this as a movie and book, and if it doesn't make it as a movie because it's Minecraft, take the plotline and turn it into a movie, this is an INCREDIBLE masterpiece and I am NOT just saying that like every basic person in the comment section does to make someone feel better, this is... amazing I just LOVE it I can't even express in words how incredible it was to watch this and how much I enjoyed this, you spent so much time on this and it deserves to be seen. If anyone is reading this comment, you may be thinking "Jeezus it's a Minecraft movie no need to write a paragraph" IDGAF THIS IS AMAZING I LOVE IT the creator NEEDS to keep going, maybe Evbo can create movies this is just amazing I LOVE it I CAN'T EXPLAIN HOW MUCH I LOVE IT- thank you, Evbo for making my day, my week, my month MY LIFE THIS IS INCREDIBLE.   YOU DESERVE TO BE SEEN, DON'T LET ANYONE STOP YOU -  UR AMAZING
Cool
I love your Minecraft vids😁😁😋😋
Press this --> 6:34
haha arena
Your not fall your soll you are in spectator
1111111b so good 100000/1000
I subbed
a trident does 8 attack dammage
Jeeb
0/10 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️👎👎👎
nice  to  see    i
this episode should be called "evbo discovers spectator mode"
This is soooooooooo cool
ONO
That was a good fight
tHe MaTrIx   This series is really good though great job!
We still don’t know the 5th noob is it the noob that spared evbo from episode 3 of noobs rule the world?
I think the noob gave him the powers o think
why does this sound l9ike a composition?
I think the master pros means (king of the over world1#) (king of the nether#2) (king of the end#3)
evbo unban grox
I like how the master pros are not wearing armor and he can prob clap them without pros around with a wooden sword.
Fun fact  tridents have the same power as the Netherite sword.
I gust love this searys 😍
hey evbo you vs dream
So you figure it out that the pros armor didn’t have fire resistance so you picked up some lava and then used that weakness on a stronger opponent in order to come out victorious
cringe lmfao get a life
I like monster school:(
You are the best in the world
Execuse me they were like where did evbo go? Well there is a thing called a stasses chamber or a spectar mode
So amazing you put so much effort into those videos
that boom sound effect is amazing, i love it
Omg
Correct, yea He is really a real pro can notice by his name "evbo" "evPRO"
Its so cool
been 5 months already? Time going fast
Omg
Ffff
0:48 he could picked the trident since it have less cooldown than the axe , and it also can used as both melee and ranged weapon and also the trident deals the same damage as a diamond/netherite sword, so its worth it
The guards : TvT
5:00 Evbo used calm mind
“I close my eyes.” Me: and i can see.. a world thats waiting up for me Evbo: and i felt my soul… Me: AW CMON MAN
Its as interesting ad movie
When will next come?
Why did he grap the stone sword. A Trident does more damage
BadBad video it’s so bad I hate it so it’s the worst ages it’s just not very good I don’t think is good enough
WHY DINT U USE A TRIDENT
I agree monster school is bad
Fun fact trident is like sword so you could have picked the trident  and do 8 damage
And I'm subscribed
You are  the best youtuber in the history of youtubers
Nobody gonna talk about how the Netherite Armor burned?
wtf grab the trident
Why StoneSword, Tridents Are Obviously Better And Have More Damage!!
Get the golden apple 😡😡😡😡😡😡
Idk
Your roleplay videos is 1million time better than monster schools
Part 3>
this is a rollercoaster of emotoins😀😁🤣😂🙃😊
I'm not great at Minecraft but just a question  Isn't netherite like blast resistant or something Idk
cool
Man, when queen elizabith watches this video, she will have nostalgia of watching people fight in the colosseum.
someone calculate how many dragons you'd have to kill to get to 50k levels
The gulag
Why didn't you get the trident
O
Let’s gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo evbo how did you manage to do that evbo I love your vids evbo
Plot twist: evbo used /gamemode sp to be invisible
This should be a Netflix show literally
Wow so cool
Maybe after the pro era will be hacker then God era
Tridents are better then swords
Love u Echo
stop with the this was it man but anyways good  noob
Fun fact: the master pros used to be noobs
Noob series and pro series connected these people give him challenges and fake life and the mysterious noob comes from noobs rule the world
The good nooob returned :0
phase 2 of the ???
death sentence this is also death sentence
Nice. Vid
He should have picked the trident
I don't know why you didn't just chop down the fence gate with your stone ax 😠😅
HGlllllllöö
Weapon selection: Stone sword, Bow, Stone axe, Trident, Flint And steel, And crossbow. Ssundee: *Trying to think of a combo*
Mythro moment
I love your videos btw when are you doing your face reveal
5:15 he pulled a dream play lol he did the enderpearl thingy device
Noob helped you get invisible
I know they used creative mode if you have a phone number armor and enchantment and like a 1000 blocks a crazy amount of XP their not real pro creative mode users not hateing or anything love the video though
Watching these are like movies
Awss
why do the pros have only fans capes?
These episode is just  ✨✨✨✨💥💥💥💖💖💖
Reminds me of gladiator lol
Netherite is lava proof
Him: sees trident Also him: Stone sword is better
Not Picking the Trident was dumb
I thought he logged off, and the pros spent so much time in the game that they forgot what logging off was.
The dues ex machina was kinda lazy
U have an axe to break the gate xd
So good so pro master prop so bad 👎 👎👎👎👎
I feel like the Master Pros would be wearing gilded netherite or enderite armor It seems fitting they would have armor better than regular netherite
If yo watched nood you will understand a bit
The bast video
These series are so good I love these skits they are so entertaining
i feel like he put the tridents and the gapples there just so he can piss us off
this is gonna be nostalgic in years
I LOVE YOUR VIDS EVBO this one is Amazing GUYS GET EVBO TO 1MILL SUBS!!!!!!!!!
Dude tridents are stronger than diamond sword 🤬 I don't even play latest version and I know that But all and all I love your channel keep uploading
Hey this is not bad!
The trident does the amount of damage of a diomand sword
Evbo : Fighting 7 pros is Impossible  2b2t players : *Pathetic*
This is so very obvious  The floor here is made out of floor
Yay
2022:)
this is like gladiator
2:46 YAY SEAWATTGAMING RIGHT? RIGHT??
dude the trident does more than the stone sword, real pros pick tridents
Love it how all the pros has the Steve skin  he dose not
BRO 50K LEVELS I CAN BARELY GET 10 LEVELS
So I think evbo is in a endless coma or is dead and is in hell
You were in Spector mode
Listen love your vids but, trident and crossbow do the most damage as trident does 8atk and cross 7, axe would work but not here as it is stone
really cool vid!
Netflix will buy hus videos
The Noob that killed all the new guards in the noob miniseries noticed Evbo but then a glitch appeared and then he disappeared I love this
How
u got too get the axe
Does anyone think it’s funny that the pros are noobs?
I love this series!
I love how the pro is a girl.... It's refreshing knowing there's stupid "boys vs girls" videos that make girls out to be noobs or just in a negative light
Assassins in a nutshell
WHAT
my brain hurts
It was that noob
This is so GOOD!!!
This guy should be an Actor and a Director
Netflix has nothing better than this story.
Cry cry cry
why does he not show his hearts or hunger bars?
His soul AND body left his body
Evbo:nonono the gate is shut Evbo's inventory:stone axe
The initial concept and plot of the story sounds really dumb in hindsight, and yet I’m somehow getting really captivated toward these videos and keep watching more lol.
bro why did u pick the sword and not the trident lmao
This is soooooooo cool!
This pro is bad
Neveright does not burn to lava
You should have gotten a trident two apples and a chestplate trade trident do 8 attack damage or instead of the second Apple do a second trident it would be much better of weapons
Danny phantom
Everyone gangsta till the noob gets their hands on a command block.
What if the noob did the invisibility thing
The storys cool
spectator mode be like:
Bro he had an axe he can literally mine the gates
Ur story is so good even tho I play roblox
epic storyline
Maybe he went heaven and came back
Ma faverate micecraft sereis
uhhh, fun fact but a stone sword has more damage than a netherite sword for some reason...
Evbo: bringing a stone axe instead of a Triedent and one chain chestplate*
Evbo: this is it              Me: you have a stone axe Remember stone can break wood
Bruh this is minecraft squid game
trident: more damage than diamond sword evbo: picks stone sword trident: am i a joke to you?
I want to feel to be a child again that is why i watch this childish vid😂😂
/gamemode creative
now you caught my attention
If you didnt know, that noob that said "I think i've seen you before" is the noob that killed all the noobs guarding the end in phase 1
WHERE THE ONTHER PART??
But netherite can’t burn 🔥
The pro is so super powerful
3:11 fighting one pot as a noob
3:11
3:57 explains why you got a bucket
You can't burn fully netherite armor this is rigged
You can do itttt!
Bro how many minecraft accounts do you have
Oh that fake law in mc
You should’ve gotten the trident. It moves roughly as fast as a sword and hits as hard as a diamond one.
Love the content man
Damn the story is amazing btw  how long did it took to make the video
what will happen next
These storys are amazing! I love it!
He got that thing and that’s how he got out ez me smart
Trident did more damage then a sword lol
There is no nether from mining so much lol
these pros are not so pro they cant even do a gate redstone -_-
Creative mode helped you
If there was a Minecraft server like this (arena).. it would be so cool
Just leave the server and everything is fixed
Bro those pros suck 😆 😆 😆
Wait but he killed a pro?
It’s so rp
He is in spectator
bruh you just /gamemode spectator bruh!!!!!!!!
I thought I recognized that noob voice!
Fun fact:chainmail armor is rarer than netherite (I think)
It’s time you have 50k levels because they players have exp :) I think you should be fine
Evbo the trouble maker
Excellent story 👍👏
I like this story connetcted to noob story also I just wish u have more vouce actors and player instead of npc
why not just break the gate :v
Theory:the noob who helped him in the end portal is the one who suddenly disappeared out of the 5 noobs he had to battle. The noob decided to help him yet once again by sharing his powers with evbo
The guards at the gate call you pro when you don’t have 50000 levels
Plot twist, Evbo is the server admin
Season 2 of the noob thingy
I love how you are making it as cinematic as possible in f1
The noob remembers...Until he is removed so that he doesn't find out the truth about his existence. This is some very interesting lore.
Fun fact tridents do the same amount of dmg as a netherite sword
I need answers
Wait a minute at first master pro said that you will fight five noobs but after the one disappear and There was four noobs
I love how pros use steve skin
the pros all have the same voice
Round 3 is good you turn in to herobrine witch means your a god of minecraft
This is awesome!!
USE THE GOLDEN APPLE!
Theory: Evbo was kidnapped and placed in some sort of VR set after he sacrificed himself to save the noob world. This is his test to fight another evil person????
I just realized that the pro series completes the noob one
HHII
"nice voice acting"
Cool video
I will sub
The next phase should be the hacker era.
ok
Your the best I started watching this your the best I love this and you
Pros 2019:diamond  Pros 2029:netherite
This goooooood
He's developing POWERS
I love our videos
Wait a min I remember the noob rule world that guy said erase his memory then he now on a dream
birth of the hacker era
the man chose stone sword he had to choose
fun fact: stone axes do more damage than a netherite sword, so thats a good choice
At 1:08 I’m sitting here like, TAKE THE TRIDENT IT DOES AS MUCH DAMAGE AS A NETHERITE SWORD
Get off youtube now
Story amazing but can you help me in spectator I want the vision of a iron golem but I cant go down
ur epic
why the master pros not wearing enchanted netherite
A r e w a q w e n e y u p e h e y d y s f o o d i e n o o b
Literally on the wall Crossbow, Arrows, Axe, Gold Apple.  Evbo chooses Sword, Axe, Bucket, Armor. Edit : Ok but the bucket was pretty good lol
Hi Bro ❤️😀😘😘
did you notice that he has a stone axe and the fence are wood and this was the epicest story
The trident there does the most dmg out of the stone sword and axe
Ur videos are so awesome I watched all of them
Whats next? Hacker? And then God?
Fun fact the fifth noob gave him power and disappear and then he kill left four noobs
#pro
#shir
Best series ever
Amazing
/gamemode spectator
What’s next hackers?
When i watche storys like this i want to get popcorn and watche
Man got into spectator mode Lmao
These guys are pros right? Cuz I don’t think they are. They still don’t know that axes are more powerful than swords
Story entertaining
Guards : that gate is shut for good  ( Evbo having an axe so he can break it ) me : BRUHHHHH
picking an item takes you 2 minutes  yeah right
Can I have shoutout? I like subscribed and notifications
Simple just mine the gate
Golden apples
BRUH I THINK THIS IS THE NOOB STORY MAYBE HE DONT REMMEMBER THE NOOB LIFE AND HE NEED SAVE THE WORLD TO GET PEPOLE BACK TO NORMAL 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
That is spectate mode
this legit best movie dude
Proevbo should have been called evpro
They’re all Steve’s lol
That Fith noob he had to fight was the same noob from the "when noobs took over" storyline. The one gaurding the ender portal that helped him
Story is amazing you are a real pro... Waiting for 3 part😄😄
spectator mode
Me:/gamemode c
Wow
Hey :)
i hat the pro
First he wants pros to come back,  *NOW HE WANTS NOOBS TO COME BACK* it’s an endless cycle
Theory: its a simulation and that noob got removed when they said something about it not being real. So im gusseing the one running the simulation is the pro. or there trapping people for the experiment.
You should’ve picked the trident, it does as much damage as a nether it’s sword
Plot armour be like...
It hurt my brain when he chose sword instead of trident
Evbo: Why am I invisible  Minecraft: first time in Spectator mode huh?
Sorry, I wrote a spoiler in the wrong video. I deleted it now.
But the trident is like so much better than the stone sword
Trident *cough*
OMG I AM NOT JOKEING MY NICK NAME IS EVBO
wow your work is cool too🖒but don't forget to stop by my channel too
There’s only one way to escape..  creative
Cringe
Lore: This guy is actually not real at all.In the end of phase 1 the people say to prepare him for phase 2, which I believe means it’s a simulation. This “Evbo” person is not real at all. He gained the ability to enter gamemode 3 because the people running the simulation decided that they needed to help him, otherwise he’d die. Possibly, when Evbo dies, he goes back to real life, but the simulation runners don’t want that to happen (yet). When he goes back to real life (phase 3?), he will probably lose the ability to transform. If he doesn’t, everything I said is all bs, but this is is just a prediction.  Also, maybe the 3 master pros are also the people who run the simulation.
Can someone please put part 3 in the comment
when will be next video come
this story make me remember the earth of zicola
I hate this, this is so cringe
im halfway done and guessing its a dream
1:16 im not pretty sure its maybe a command /gamemode spectator
Omg omg
Everyone here making theories and I'm just yelling at the screen "WhY DiDn'T YoU tAkE ThE gOLDeN ApPLE?!"
Phase 3:Experts Evbo got jail bc of no protection 4 netherite armor:
I turned on my subtitles and evbo’s name was of boat 😂
Please make part 3
The fact he picked a axe and didn’t break the “wooden gate”.. it’s amazing love it
Evbo you are doing good with the same y the same
continue this please
Evbo : I did I turn invidible Off camera : /gamemode spectator
U did spectator mode
I love this series
you picked a stone sword?while you could choose trident which can br thrown and do more damage than sword even from melee attacks? oh wow
The next era probably the hacker era
UPLOAD!!!!!!😥😥😥😥😥😡
Squid game memory oh no
Loved how he used Spectator mode to escape
Mam this story is so awesome I can't wait for next part
The pro is not full enchant🤣😂🤣😂
I love your vids evbo 😍
Theory: He's currently in some type of simulation phase one was when noobs took over the world phase two is pros take over the world and after completing both of the simulations he'll most likely be taken out of the simulation and brought back to the real world where whoever put him in the simulation will Tell him that they need his help to defeat some big bad
E
I subscribed this was cool
Arent swords stronger than axes
Evbo become a because in the noob
Plot twist: the 3 masters are actually one person that is next to the 2 false ones.
This guy makes the best videos
Hi
More plz
Omg this is crazy dont see my reply spoiler alerts
The fifth noob helped him
👍👍🤝
Plz do with hotbar plz
If he killed the sheep this would not happen
i’ve been waiting for this part 2
You are really cool!Best series :))
All this because you didn’t have 50,000 lvls
just AMAZING
man really forgot that he  had an axe to break the gate made of wood.
Maybe the 5th noob at round 1 made him invisible....just a thought  tho
Please continue it
yes
This was very good keep the good work up
5:30 Evbo be like:haha spectator mode go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Bruh that to be continued is the worst thing to see lmfao
Only true pros know that tridents are stronger then swords and attack about as fast so get chain chestplate and leggings
Ah so hacker next story
post the the second part asap i cant wait
If you have netherite you can’t burn in lava or fire
lol yow i love this nice work the poors going to kill him thou and i like how the poors talk .
why did the pro just chill in lava ?
Next phase the phase of hackers
if i was in pro era i get 50b sword and alll dead
i so amazing i em een pro hacker ek herobrine
I think the NOOB help you
Uhm just mine coal
1:40 tip: dont die
SPECTATOR DUH
this is so cool
cut the gate bruh
why say open the gate
😂
I don’t remember anything seconds later remembers 😂
wow
I have my reasons on why I sub to you PLS MAKE MORE OF THIS
I think what’s happening is the noob world and this world are fake and hes in s deep sleep the noob that said he knows him went into the dream to try and get him out thats how he could just disappear with the glitch because he just came out of the dream that evbo is in
I need moreeeeeee
Ive been waiting for dis
This is so amazing
This is so 👍👍
Ok thats very dumb why you did not you Choose a trident it deals 8 atack damege or a golden apple
Did anyone else see it flash from pro world to noob world and back to pro in ep 1
Is there par 3
This series is amazing
Even leagends love this series
Part 3 please pls
best series ever!
Ah yes he left us on a cliff hanger again
Bit of a theory: the noob world and the pro world are both simulations. At the end of the noob series, after Evbo jumps into the void, there was a short scene with Evbo in a bed with a few people surrounding him, with someone saying "prepare him for phase 2". The next episode is the first in the pro series. This makes me think that the noob world was "phase 1" of some sort of simulation test, and Evbo sacrificing himself in the noob simulation let him pass the test. Phase 2 was him being put into a pro world, with his noob world memories gone, as if he had always lived there. This would make sense as the next level of a series of trials since pros would be harder to defeat than noobs. The fifth noob in this episode was probably someone else in the simulation that realized that it was a simulation, and whoever was controlling the simulation glitched him out of existence to prevent Evbo from suspecting anything. I think that, after the pro series finishes, Evbo will either be put into another trial, like in a world of either "gods" or "hackers", called "phase 3", or he will break out of the simulation and into the world we saw in the short scene at the end of the noob series. I'm excited to see what happens next!
The series is very nice gj, keep up the good work
I love your content keep up the good work
Master pro is poor
AHHH THIS IS SO GOOD
can't wait for part 3
I think that you created the server and you didn’t know that you had op
Can’t wait!
Since they said that Evbo was the beacon he might actually be the leader of all of the pros and noobs but the pro leaders knew and made him think that he was not a leader so he was below. But little did they know he still had his mind and intelligence to beat the whole entire game. So that must explain why the noob knew Evbo because of the noob series and that it is making memories flush back to him and that's why he could turn invisible.
Are you ME???
Bro this man is even playing on f1 mode. What a pro!
Go to Stampy for help
Hero Brian help you
My dream is to reach 1k plz make it happen
I neeeeeeed mmoooooooooooooore
Good thing the noobs didn't take over this time
First test: would you sacrifice yourself for others  Second test: how well can you fight  Seems like the real worlds in a disaster
evbo how does your shorts have more subs than your original one i dont want to be rude
A battle of pros versus cons
HUNGER GAME VIBES
Lol what even is this .. its fun tho
2:47 I think I know isn't that the guy who helped him fight the noobs?? And I remember when the pros found him so my theory is that  he's dead and this is it or he's in a messed up vr world where it glitches example when the noob king said noob evbo buy then it glitched then it said pro evbo another theory they wiped his memory and sended him to this thing
(SPOILERS)      Theory: the noob and pro era series are connected The noob era series starts first then when the ending scene of the latest episode starts it jumps to the pro series Then he finally escapes both simulations and is worthy to whoever was testing him
29k like
The trident would have been the best weapon, it hits as hard as an unenchanted diamond sword
the noob world and the pro world are simulator!!!
This is soo enjoying
The noob was saver
This must be connected whit last noob world episode
me new subscriber
NEXT PART FAST
tell the name of the music please🙏
Just like squid game...
I love your series evbo stay cool😎😎😎🎮
Make it quick I WANNA SEE MORE!!!
DO MORE
why didnt he pick the trident? a pro know should it does more damage than a diamond sword
i swear i had a dream about this video before it came out
Your videos are not long enough
The 5th noob was the one to give him invincibility beacause In round he imedeatly was teleported
i tihnk next one is for hackers😂
Hack on accident? Probably
maybe it was hacker and he is hacker now
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv5wX-lxwWnKaGOYzQPvgHA
First noobs now pros see they are then what? Hackers?!
You deserve like- 10 million subscribers, your one of my favorite minecraft youtubers!
5:00 he like SHADOW CLONE JITSU
the 1 pro didnt drop exp.
Phase 3: hacker  Phase 4: GOD            Prob idk XD
Be safe everybody!
Theory: in the first episode the master pro mistakenly said noob evbo instead of pro evbo so the master pro is actually the noob king disguised
Nice seiries
amazing Love it ❤  Part 3
Nice!
Noo- pro evbo learned the move "/gamemode 3"
Dude ur storys are so clean
Imagine if there's a phase 3 and it's the hacker world
The noobs will help him in part 2
Im waiting for the next video
I WATCHED HOW IT START HE FIRST WAS SPAWN IN NOOBS WORLD I STILL REMEMBER THAT VIDEO AND NOW ITS PROS WORLD GUESS WHAT WILL COME NEXT 😂
I love this series! Keep continuing it till the end!
What happened to noob world
whoa this series just keeps getting better and better
he was snet to the gulag
HAHA i new it was a sequel to noob land!
Am waiting part 3 ❤
all pros are steves lol
Wow dis is a great series dude
This series is so good I'm happy I watch on YouTube and not on TikTok cuz YouTube has longer vids
"pros"  *has steve skin*
Nest do hacker life
The noon did that
https://youtu.be/JtrVN1TOs2M
Broke Pls Send Money to: Mark Edwards, Flat 7, Preston Court, Sanford Lane, Wareham, Dorset, BH20 4DX, UK. Please Share address everywhere 🙏🏻
he turned into invisible because of that noob that said I remember you gave him invisibility to also go through walls
Good series bro
The story is amazing
When is next part coming?
I assume after this part part 3 will be hackers rule minecraft i can't wait!
Its the noob
https://youtube.com/shorts/K3bNwOoSppA?feature=share
nice vid
I KNEW HE COULD ESCAPE EVERYTIME
This got on trending sheesh good job
Wadda heck
https://youtu.be/bR3sJZdKkM0
Don't forget me 😀😀😀
nice series
yo make more faster
https://youtube.com/channel/UCR_AwATbi3O5twLzvIC5USA
The weirdest but best plot twist
Trident is better than stone sword trident is like netherite sword
KING PRO MUST BE DREAM!
Hacker only worlds
Pros:Full netherite   Master pro:Nothing  Me: *why?*
where did the comment go?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             eeeeeeeee
Uhhhhhh spectator MODE BRO I knowww
Your a good rule player
This is so cool 😍
looks like unlocked spectator mode
MOARE OF THIS PLS
Theory:The noob that realized was erased from the world but i feel like that was the noob king from the past episodes but he accidentally got knocked down by the noobs once they realized they had a life before noob so they kicked him down into the void transferring him into the pro era
Let me guess. Next siries evbo is hacker
sooo good the best
aw i wish its like 20 minutes long
Theory: This is all a dream caused by the person who said it's time for phase 2 at the end of the noob series. They are trying to see if Evbo is worthy for something and this is his training for whatever real world problem he is needed for.
Looks like gladiator
“How did I get here?”  My brain: *Achievement unlocked: how did we get here?*
Ur so under rated u should atleast have 500 million subs
"There is no beacon, cause you are the beacon"
so thrilling to watch  waiting for part 3
YAY
2:00
ur an admin
OH FUCK NO❤️‍🔥
Pro masters: hahahha, you will not win >:) Evbo: hahahahahahahahah, spectstor mode goes brrrrrrr Pro masters: What ?!
Actually they are noobs cause the less levels you have the less xp you need to get to the next so have 5000 is a big  waste of xp
The fun part is : in the 2nd round when he placed lava on the pro,the pro didn't know how to escape from it Lol😂😂
🤣🤣 this is very interesting story i love it
Congratulations FOR TOP 18 ON TRENDING
It's your noob friend from the last video
I love this story
The contents are very good ! I sub you for your effort
Series is really fun lmao
I love these serise
make this a infinite series meaning even after he dies, his child is still there
Next episode quick
Noooo i want no cliffhanger why
So how about all those refrigerator trucks for all the bodies in the warzone hospitals so overwhelmed they had time to make tiktok dance videos while medical Navy ships sat empty
LOVEEEEEEEE IT OMGGGGGG PLS MAKE MORE OMGG LOVE IT
Pro : we are the strongest Command block : let me introduce myself
Bro all the pros is dum
yooo this is on trending!
you have a axe to open the gate haha
THE admin of the server: roam little one you shall rebuild my society
This series is so intresting
oh I was watching your videos and you were at 250k subscribers, then I watched one video and now your at 151k
Funny
I miss the old minecraft youtubers.. simpler times
lets go
Theory: This is all a dream caused by the person who said it's time for phase 2 at the end of the noob series. They are trying to see if Evbo is worthy for something and this is his training for whatever real world problem he is needed for.
https://youtu.be/oSin2dhtVkE
It should be number 1 trending
Achievment get! How did we get here?
I love this series and I want p3
The second round was probably a noob in pro gear
Yes pro
Should’ve done stone axe and trident
The 5th noob probably the one that help him
The master pros don’t have any armor or look like normal players but I guess there still pros
Pro doesn't means you need all max netherite armour and max tools you need to be able to do some redstone commands and do some awesome builds and be good at PvP then your an pro
Bro i like this
Part three please
Me:just break the fence bro you even have a axe bruh
I like this person
I know what happened!!! The 5th Noob on the First round that disappeared! He must have given you the ability so when your stressed you become a ghost, and when your relaxed you Change back! So he saw you as you were about to die and he gave the ability to you to escape the Pros!
PART 3!!!!!!!!!!!!
So intensee woo
Master pro vs hacker
All you videos are interesting subscribe if you agree
“I don’t remember what just happened”  Literally JUST explained what happened
if dream did this he would do it for 1 seconds and done
Plot twist: he break the gate with axe
50000 levels is a noob move
damn it, he grew plot armor
Check 2:52 the noob says that none of the pro world is real
Everything is a dream. the noob when he was in the arena said this isnt real and also there were glitches diring the video .not real glitches just some glitches edited in
PLOT TWIST: he was in VR when he was sleeping
9999999999999999/3
The void hit different
I NEED MORE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
yOU my fav youbter XD just form this cuz this SO  GOOOD
evbo will you ever go back to your modded minecraft series? i really like it
Noob god: >:O HOW ARE YOU PROS  Evil Noob: AHHHHHHH *now good*  Me: hi :)   Noob god: Who are you?  Me: I'm a good pro :)  Noob god: a Good pro? But Pro are Evil  Me: I'm the one to help him  Noob god: ok not all Pro are evil  Me: I'm a god of good Pros
Did part two come out I was just excited
me: -watching all the series of noob prison and waiting for more series on this one- noice
you have that amazing power, use it in good use
"For the first round, the challenge will be fighting off 5 noobs" Wait, noobs still exist?
This is hilarious
Maybe someone should make a game then you can turn invisible 🤔
In our pro society having less than 2.1 billion levels and Backing off from a fight in the arena are great signs of being a coward
This seems like gorn
That was a pro gamer moment
Hes a pro now
later: hackers
The noob that said I remember you was the noob that took out the other noobs and let Evbo go through the portal I think.
Next series Fighting “the gods”
i quess hacker power was used yep hacker must help you in this
e
I think the noob that saved evbo from those pros.
Repeat there's a glitch in the Matrix
T6er9's 5 glit2h i5 t4e 8a2rix
why didn't he pick trident lol, same damage as stone axe but faster and throwable
I’ve said this in the last vid, but lemme say something. So basically, phase 1 was The Noobs. And phase 2 is The Pros. Anyone remember or seen Noob vs Pro vs Hacker vs God vids? So I have a theory. Maybe phase 3 is probably gonna be Hacker, and phase 4 is gonna be God. This will probably not happen lol but this is a theory
I like how he's bringing back the noob stage and mixing it with the pro stage
Great job nooxhsjjd.. Pro evbo!
Why hasn't anyone noticed that there's this one noob thats telling him that "this isnt real"-
I love this series so much
5# on trending! Nice job,
Waiting for the next video cant wait
theory: this is all VR and he's the *chosen one* in the middle of an apocalypse and i doubt humans are the problem this time!!!
damm only 2 k subs left
Its not realistic    The arena was not fully made of beacons and dragon eggs
🖒🖒🖒❤
,”
All 9 Wario Apparition Games in 1 Playlist-https://youtu.be/KPHY3UV5oc0
Come see what they've done to the Arc of Triumph in my last video !!!!!!!!
Woah ! Number 5 on trending
Use this green and blue screen for editing:D https://youtu.be/TaqzTRJfcDc
The fact that now the VR is slowly glitching trying to explain it isnt real makes this series way more interesting.
MAKE A PART 3 NOW PLEASE!
This is lit
“Since you have broken the rules of not having 50,00 levels..”   Me with 2 levels: I AM DA PIGEON A A
Keep it yp
the end
evbo:i need a sword also evbo:ignores the trident whic does 8 atk damage and picks a stone sword
Two story,s are connected the last 1 and ths
Thank you so much https://youtu.be/4SoH_E5p2ds❤️
always enjoyed these sort of videos, great stuff!
This is starting to get really intresting
I dun know these are very stupid but I still watch em
The fact that this  crappy  video is on trending
Make long video
Evbo: BrUh I CANt SuRvIVe Body: see ya later pro suckers
I been thinking of doing Minecraft content 🤔
Next season.....Minecraft but the gods rule the word followed by hackers
Oh god this is so unbelievably cringe. All of his subscribers must be slow in the head or children.
The trident is as strong as a netherite sword
PLZ BRO MAKE THE PART 2 SERIES IS INTERSTING!!!
I like this series so much
Interesting! Superb man keep doing this nice work!
Bruh p
Oh god is self aware ARG's all over again with that noob
I FOLLOW YOU ON TIKTOK
Wow we want next episode soon
Nice make another
Now I  understand this series first noob second pro third hacker fourth god
Niceeeee
It was the noob who talked him to get out
5:00 hmmmm seems like a refrence to a game...could it be? Spider man miles morales?
First the noop second pro what next this series is amazing
Evbo: has a stone axe, but doesn't chop the fence made of wood. So-called 'Pro': just stands in lava until he dies. And of course Evbo gets spectator mode as well, since he is the beacon.
Evbo can you tell me why didn't you pick the Trident
And this all started when he manipulated a noob
When is the part 3 coming?
He's a ghost
i know remember he had 5 noobs to fight then a noob started talking and then suddenly he had to fight 4 noobs the 5th noob must have done it
This is good lore
Me: watches the start of a new part of the series Me after watching series: oooo that was good! When's the next one?  About 1-2 days later  Me:casually scrolls through yt Me when seeing a new part to the series:spams the video and thinks to myself 'FINALLY A NEW ONE LET'S GOOOOO'
Plot twist:the noob gave him his powers bc how do you think first there were 5 noobs then 4
Lolol db
idk why but i keep watchin these videos
Why didnt you leave the server???
Bruh this is soo dumb
This is cool!
Stage 2 is a simulation so that's how evbo can turn into spectator mode
Somehow, this reminds me of the matrix
Oh man it's getting exiting
The noob made you into a spectre
When he upload  its like we have 50.000 lvls
When main character awakens his supreme power
Hackers next
The next video idea might be Hacker rule over Minecraft.
fuck tha prolice
bruh the trident is just there
The Cliffhangers of this series are hurting like a punch to the heart..
Why did not evbo not headed back to the pro house where he first was when the noobs took over
Glad this was in my recommendations
wow cool
Yes sir
2:52 it's seawatt
I can’t t wait til the next episode!
Best:crossbow , axe , fishing rod and flint and steel and trident
Love your work keep it up
This is acully a good series
This guy does know how to build up a story.......I wish he was in dream smp...he would have blown things up 😏😏😏
Me : Things can’t despawn that quick Evbo: ummmmm it was a glitch. Also BTW this was EPIC
It's the hackers lol
I am Dragon Master#8962
Hey evbo dm me in discord
how to escape the pro arena : step 1 : leave the world and never play on it again
Ive been waiting for a year
theory: the noob that disappeared gave spectator mode to evbo
Theory: The people in the end of the noob series are training him because they need to defeat a hacker
phase 2?
Oof
Plot twist: just leave the server
Evbo : I don't know what was going on  Me : You just entered spectator mode 😂
New series for me
I think joofy evbo's friend saved him
pros and noobs are related
The person that said  I think I wnow you and he shaked his head that's the person that saved him I think so
Where ep 3 huh  Where i want it
This series is great! Pls make a season 2 or series two
dude this reminding me about star wars episode 4 man
when you have no time scripting the videos so all skins are steves
Very good series!!
:o
umm ight
Is this fucking genuine
Bet its a hacker
Whats the glitch
What happened to that world with bugs series?
Evbo: doesn’t take the golden apple  Every Minecraft player ever: TRIGGERED
So this series is a follow up to noob world or what
Next part NOW
I think that wierd noob gave him the power to escape
Part 3
holy shit
Noob world now Pro world what Leak: after pro world hacker world
*i thought evbo was a noob*
Squid game in Minecraft be like...
Pro Evbo exposed using a hacked client
Evbo in spectated mode
Story idea: What If There was A Zombie Apocalpyse :D
4 more then You are at part 10 if
This was epic!
Next phase will probably be hacker
i need this to be an many series NO BAD ENDINGS PLZ
I love this series, the cliffhangers leave me thirsty for more content!
This guy needs 5 milliion subs. The storyline was WAY to good.
Wait How'd the Netherite armor Burn 🤣
Me:use auto clicker
Pls don't stop making these type of vids they are very nice
I love these! Soooo much!
so basic yet so          amazing
This is kinda like Squid game
Bro you have axe you can just broke out of the arena
THE BEST SERIES  AND ALSO I AM SUBED
DREAM 💚
Oh no
This reminds me of squid game but minecraft pro apocalypse/rulers of the world
You should have taken the trident it has 9 attack damage if you use it like a sword
bruh this is the worst content ever
this is very interesting i am gonna wait until part 3
make the reubus tales part 2! plz
Trident would be better option
Give me a heart plz
These videos are interesting also fun
pro want die
This is interesting
Probably quickest new fav youtuber
Why is this series so addicting? Love it
I love this series, whenever I’m done with my homework, I watch this <3 Keep continuing this series
/spectate
Nest series hackers control the world
Why did he end the noob
Yes the new ones I've been waiting for
Pls more
Day 1 of trying to get a heart from evbo
I had watched every series of evbo
Who needs netherite armour when you have plot armour
finnaly
Where is the new noob part?
It's the 3 pros right
The Noob who got invisible before was a miracle       may be
Early
YES SITS OUT!!!!!!!
Wait why is this series actually interesting
Evbo was the prince
Ooooh can't wait for the next one
That was a really good video
you are very good to edit a vedeo
Man love this series
Damn you knowhow to make a story
Try summon Herobrine he only can change the world
part 3 pls
J
You are obligated to pin this comment
Amazing videos
in the arena evbo met 5 noobs and 1 noob talked to evbo and said its not real so maybe their are different people in this coma-dream and after the glitch happened the name tags was gone then there were 4 noobs so maybe that noob died
Don't stop this series ever!!
I like how all they're names are just  *P R O*
yesss finally
Dude u on trending
Pr0 evBro
Bro
Wow
Love this series keep it up dude!
Theory: The Noob's and the pro's are actually Evbo's personalities, he was put into this test to see how he would react to his different thoughts.
Me:FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
I love this series
Imagine evbo get saved by technoblade
Theory : pro evbo was actually the hero but people is forgotten him because they focus to be able to become pro and when the noobs is become a pro they think pro evbo was just a normal person, and pro evbo was half ghost because he sacrifice himself
I think maybe the noob know you so I think he made you invisible
Make yourself get max enchanted weapons and gear to fight the pros
I saw something like this before a long time ago
Awesome
Let me guess, next your going to make a story in a word full of minecraft hacker 🤔
When a new Minecraft player discover spectator mode
great
Phase 3:If hackers took over the world Phase 4:If God's took over the world
Next part please very interesting video
Spectator mode be like
I think that noob that didn't die helped him
I think the noob gave him his soul or smth that made him can float out with invinsibility. How did the 1 noob dissappear??
The netherite pops out of the lava right?
and can you do the war between noobs and pros and you will be in the noobs team fight the pros
Next part pls
Noob king pls
hey evbo the next part you dig 3 blocks down then place a block above you
i love your videos
AWESOME series
Season 2
We weren't able to see you hotbar, hearts and anything you holded  😖😖
Boring I can't see the sord
Sea watting gave a power to you
After i saw this, i grabbed my minecraft axe, my nerd glasses and my brain and watched every part of the Noob series and the Pro series. I think..... Well... idk im not a big brain but HOLY CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP This is so intresting, and so cool, if i hadn't sub jet, i wouldve subbed.
Theory: there are multiple areas, noob area and pros captured the noobs and everyone was once in the noob world who is in the pro world the master pros are actually the guys that reset evbo's memory and everything they see is just a different world, when evbo started the noob world 3 people took control of the noobs and tried separating the 2 lands now there might be a master pros world but I don't know, time  and evbo only know and the reason why he went into spectator mode is because he killed the noob king and make it to stage 2 the other died because they didn't kill the noob king.
Imagine he does Minecraft but hackers rule the world
Ok so I'm guessing that the noob he said to evbo was the one that helped him and he was removed by that strange man and his worker man I love this series
Plötzlicher Tod beim Sex - GEFÄHRLICHE KRANKHEIT - 100% WISSEN NICHT https://youtu.be/AWimMivjBIM
I SUBBED
So the arena is kinda a gulag
Just mine the gate, didn’t you get an axe?  Also, that’s called _spectator mode_
yo i like this vid
Man, these content is pure gold-
When will evbo start ruling the world?
can you keep making these videos please
E
Next Series : Minecraft but Hackers rule the world
YOU MUST FIND THE ADMIN OF THE SERVER... HE HAS THE POWER OF ALL THE WORLDS HE CAN...................
It's connected to the noob story too
_"they did not notice me"_  **Everypro looking at him** Me: _visible confusion_
this is really cool. I really love the story, and it's interesting af, keep going bro!!
THIS IS SQUED GAME
Funny but interesting Like the voice of those pro noob people
Love this series
Op bro
more
if they were pros then why is their skin like that and prob gpt the armor creative🤣😂
Mind Prison?
this is the best plot ever
U should take trident
please do part 3
Wow!? Cool
I am a fan and I am techno gamerz fan and your also
Send more tomorrow
IoI
If you see a creeper the video ends  - minecraft
It's all noob just with netherite armour.
I have a hunch… this is phase two from the end of the noob season! When you were in the bed, people standing outside said you were ready for the next test. This is it! And the main master pro could be the NOOB KING! And the man who noob who recognised you was the one who helped you into the end! I think how you made yourself was invisible is that where you are currently is practically the matrix, but minecraft. Honestly, I can’t wait for the series to continue, and see if my prediction is right!
This is like squid game lol
0:02 it's almost impossible to get 50k levels, even with Enderman farm
5:54 Only legends know that he was in spectator mode
Pros: HOW DID HE DISSAPEAR evbo: plot armor go brrrrrrr
i saw a shadow on a tree
You are best
Me: (leaves server)
Fun fact-he is invisible but all pro's can see him but why he all acting that he can't see evbo  *Illuminati confirmed*
the next upload is a hacker series and next is god series AHAHAHHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN1qDim-Mbw
Ur shorts channel has more subs then Ur main
2:52 This is when evbo gained the ability to go invisible, it was the noob, he gave you the ability to just vanish like in 4:59
Pls am waiting for the noob series
Leezzgo another series
I watched this video 11 hrs later
Dinally
Ok so i'm just gonna do a mini theory on this,so,anyone who's been here since the noob era of players will know at the end of that series evbo was in a bed,most likely unconscious due to falling in the void as the noob king told him to,btw I want you to remember what block the floor in the place evbo was in.So i think that the pro world is an illusion.
SQUID GAME:0
Noice
Intresting
I know a way to kill a pro
2:45 that noob helped him
The nood that say that he say he rember u uwu
Phase three fight noteh 😂🤣🤣🤣😂🤣
I love this types off videos
Dude I know I said this before but I seriously need a sequel!!!
the normal pros : literally enchanted armour the master pros : naked
I like the fact that noob and pro series is like mix I like this video now. now I Will turn on notifications to know when is the new video upload
"How was i able to go invisible, what made me do that?"   "/gamemode spectator"
In order to break the gate, you need to use your axe to mine it
No pros legends have 50000
Can't wait to see part 3
You shouldve picked the trident
/ban Evbo/cheating
3 part
Next is hacker era where you have to one shot 100 ender dragons to be allowed
you have such a interesting series when you upload it makes my day better !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
E
Yesss the next episode
You are a Pro story teller this is so intresting
Me if I tried to get back in the cell : how’s your little gate like this *breaks gate with axe*          But seriously this deserves to be a Netflix show
Plz more this is amazing
Something is telling me these are just noobs in netherite. That “pro” at the second round didn’t even try to avoid the lava.
*i love these vids man*
WAKE Up
It's Noob who helps you
I am very excited for the next episode
bunch of noobs waste exp
HOW DO U MAKE SUCH AMAZING CONTENT?
His not a pro anymore his a hacker
I love your vid man keep up with the great vids :)
this was epic
The gate is literally made out of wood just break through it
Firstly the noobs and 2 the pros
I've watched the noob rule the world and it's very interesting
More pls
Noobs are your old friends
0K
The power of gamemodes
Pls make more videos of pros faster pls your videos are amazing
LAME
ommg this is SO intanse
wait..wait..is this related to the noob filled world
WE NEED THE NEXT PART FAST PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
amaze
So many pro ;-; dude that was insane
This is just as good as the noob one!
I like it  😏
When is the next video pls make it earlier pls😢😀😀
Why don't you make trailer of every part before uploading
Make eps 3 fast
Hi bro
Wg o can you make another one wuick
Love the series 😂
this shit is better than a fucking netflix series
Gladiatoral experiment
Evbo decided to download the hack clients while closing his eyes
this evbo video like a moovie i want part 2 the video make i will this evbo channel i give a like
So this is phase 2
hi
where pro arena
Yes lol
This is the best series of all time
Hype
So he helped you out of the fighting zone.
It's cool
The 5th noob is secertly a hacker, thats my theory
Better than any series. I really mean it.
Maybe the 5th noob he did the same as you did.
Wha IM NOT THE REAL MASTER PRO
Man roleplay too hard, turns into a ghost
The evbo cinematic universe continues
do the ep 3
Upload fast
Is this relative to noob series?
These are so good! I love these scenarios.
Ok pls part 2
Funny how he just take the armor or weapons very slowly
THIS IS GOOD CONTENT
if i was in the arena i would pick an axe chestplate golden apple and flint and steel
Finally I've been waiting.
stone axe does way more damage then stone sword if you jump and attack at the same time
clean jumpcut
cool
That's noice
These are to short
My day is better <3
Your the real pro. I mean hacker you have an amnesia
greatest plot twist ever.
Hi
Evbo should make a Netflix series
me after watching the video and realizing that I have to wait for the next video : NOOOOOOO
Ye boi
Pro only world Also pros:wearing Steve skins
Bro its super entertaining to watch hope to upload faster
op
YESSSSS
hi wow 4 hours ago from evbo
I love your video please make part 3
Spectator Mode
more do more now.
Next time get a trident
Ayo ur 200000 IQ
Awesome
these videos are getting alot better
Lemme guess ur in a simulation i mean fhe noob dats said u look familiar just glitch outta here
If I was there I would have choosed the trident and the  stone axe and 1 golden apple and the chainmal chestblade
no one:  theory in the comment section be like: evbo is a character!!!!11!
I want this to be a gamemode
This is interesting I was excited when I saw this
My Theory:When evbo jumped into the void he woke up at the pro universe When he fell his soul was out of his body for some time but then it came back! Then I think the noobs and the Pros will come to war and evbo will  have to choose which side to be in!
Wow
OH GOSH IM SO EARLY TO WATCH NE
This is cool
Yessss the sequel...trequel... idk amazing tho
Your videos are not long enough
This series is very interesting!
house tutorial
Amazing work I subbed
Lol this uploaded on my birthday cool
He got the ability cause its a dream
I like how the "pros" are Alex nd steves
when do hackers rule the world
Wow
Evbo I have a idea but you probably won't like it it's not that good but when your done with the pros could you do one block
I will unsub if you don’t stop posting so long it’s been so many days then your vid comes out comment on this of you agree
All other pro are bots
Ohh what's this link https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
Fan Fack Evbo Has Many Acconts In Minecraft
Bruh the gate is wooden
This is connected to da noob era
reality- /gamemode spectator
No
Next avreeg
When i see evbo's video I INSTANTLY CLICK IT
Second part
Roblox pro's: SKILL  Minecraft pro's: FULL NETHERITE
We want more , we want more , we want more
i was waiting for this
Evbo I LOVE YOUR VIDEO I WATCH PART 1 AND FINALLY THE PART 2 IS FINALLY HERE oh bty Evbo l sub and turn on notifications
God make him invisible  I am just trying to help .
You make good video
I want herobrine in your videos
Theory:the noob evbo was fighting in the first round is his noob friend that killed all the noob protecting the strong hold in its dirt form so and after evbo kills the noob king he dropped himself in the void then he was in a place maybe the pros came back to normal after evbo kills the noob king, there's Ur theory :)
Guard: 'The gate stays closed'   Wait but the gate's made out of fences and he has a stone axe
WHERE IS THE PART 2 AT?!
I cant wait to see the next episode....its very intresting <3
Bro do noob series
This is kind of like the show called "Gladiator" on Netflix.
Plot twist - The pros took him to squid game
I think the noob who killed the other noobs near the end portal in the world is captured with noobs series was the one who gave you this power.
Plot twist
This is undoubtedly 10x better than the cringy "Minecraft but...." challenges. You're better than people who create those challenges, and they don't even finish the challenge.
Yo evbo I bet this is the series that will go on forever
It getting shorter make in 20 minutes
WOW! and 1370th comment btw
I love this series... 2nd fav after dream manhunt :D hope you hit 1mil soon Evbo
I think the next series will be of hacker.
just mine coal
good luck
Bro I love the noob one and this series
The handsomely harmony implicitly trip because can curiosly notice down a hideous high jason. dull, pushy snowflake
This reminds me of the realistic vr guy
everything is a story for him, i dont like that
evbo i was subscribed from the start this such a good series
Dude why you take the sword you want to take the trident
Things are so stupid but I can't stop watching
Noob helped you???
You should gotten the trident and chain chestplate and leggings
Prediction:a hacker helped him
I demand an upload by tmrw
7 man hunts be like 4:27
Sheeeeshhhhh
Danny phantom much?
Lesgoo
fun fact: a pro will never have more than 30 level
good video
This sucks.
Good work Evbo I support u
So many pros 😲😲😲
This is Amazing! The lore makes sense and story is great! Also love it!
Iam not surprised at all because someone used the coding mechanism
Theory: The noob that saved evbo at the end portal last time was one of the noobs he had to kill and after he killed him that noob got powers and helped evbo
bro i like your script
MasterPros: You vs 7 pros, goodbye Evbo: I'm going to do what I call a pro gamer move.
Plot twist: evbo is admin so he panicked and changed game mode to spectator
Can you make more longer vidios evbo?
My Theory: I think Evbo is being tested because of his special ability. The glitch that happened in the could be sign of him regaining memories or maybe a sign that he's in a simulation. The next phase could possibly the one where Evbo faces the people behind the simulation.
Props to this man from having almost 50,000 levels… But why didn’t he mine nether quartz?
from when he started this seeries his channel groth is to fast
How are u making such awesome ideas
Umm. He should have gone for the trident, it does way more damage than the stone sword and can be used at range in a pinch.
When you uploaded i instantly got extremely excited
The Era of the hackerz begins
Next phase squid game phase
Oh
Incredible
WHAT netherite dont despawn :))
when he said "my soul leaving my body" he meant it literally
Yo, I just found u out now, ur sooo entertaining I subbed immediately.
it was the noob
what happend to noob era ??
its simple you use specter mod
The master pro aren’t even wearing armor
Noob pro hacker it only makes sence
Phase 3: Name:Evbo Rank:Beast Power Power:invincibility,earthquake, explosion and morph Durability:1555000
I love this storyline
NO WHY DID THE EPISODE END!!!!
How you are floating is because if you close your eyes and concentrate you can transfer your body and become a soul and also when your a soul then you can pick which body to transfer to and stay in that body and control it forever
Maybe he didnt reach 50,000 levels becuz of the mending bookies
finally a new series!
5:00 spectator mode be like:
little mystery right here: mystery:  ----- ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- / ----- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- / ----- .---- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- / ----- ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- .---- .---- ----- / ----- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- ----- / ----- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- .---- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- ----- ----- .---- / ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- ----- .---- .---- .---- .---- / ----- ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- ----- .---- .---- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- ----- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- / ----- .---- .---- ----- .---- ----- ----- ----- / .-. . ...- . .-. ... . -.. / ---... -.--.-  hint: morse code, binary, backwards
When you see 3 annoying verified youtuber's it gets worse  Like seriously they ruin my day
Get the crossbow
QUICKLY KILL EVERY PRO AND IF YOU CAN TRY BECOMING A GOD PRO
So basically it's just the opposite of season 1
THE AXE IS BETTER THEN THE SWORD!
Nice storyline
I love these vids
The world owner gave u spectator
It was so cool
Make the video more long dammit
a random guy after round 2: Technoblade pvp god he can destory all of them
I'm gonna guess it's the king noob
find the after hours of searching DA ARENA
My theory is whenever someone calls anyone noob or some noob knows a pro the time gets reset or it only works with evbo
the noob talking to you is the want help you
why can't you just break the fence
When I see this video I spam my screen cause I know ur vid is awesome
Yes
I Think He's Trying Beating the Youtube Algorithm... Evbo are You???
deepr breath lol he  said
Instead of the master pros your the master god
6:18 /gamemode spectator Thad’s how u were able to turn invisible
I need more this is SO GOOD!
Series are cool
i new you will make a series about pros taking over
Hi
The simplest equation of all time...  Evbo - BEST CONTENT CREATOR!
The noob in 1st round disappeared so it means that he has superpowers or is dead so he gave evbo the ability this is only a theory
“I don’t remember what just happened”  Literally JUST explained what happened
i have said this a couple times so far, but this is just amazing, taking such an overused and clickbaity idea of "minecraft noob vs pro" and makes it amazing
Plot armor carry
The pros look like noobs with op gear
4:58  his soul came  out of his body, that's why he was invisible and can go into walls
should you break the wood walls
If techno blade was there in your place he would just kill the hole crowd and the master pro in 1 min
CANT WAIT FOR PART 3!!!!!!!!! :D
If evbo could upload more everyone's days will be happy
So..... MOT or my own theory   My theory is that this was a vr simulator just like the noob takes the hole world so that means that the mastermind change the noob thing to pro   Did you remember about that one noob says that he remember him so that tha characters are not changes but thr masterminds change their things anything theve change thing
Can you make noob series again
Fun fact: a wooden axe has the same damage as a diamond sword
2:56 the noob (seawatt) still has his memories and reconises evbo, the testers found out so they deleted seawatt....... again (poor seawatt lol)
I dropped everything I was doing just to watch this video
yoo this got a bit crazy
pr0 3r@
This is not good ITS SO GOOD
TRENDING LETS GOOO…
Yo evbo run far as you can,they will find you and bring you back
I have sent a text to you to see what time you are at your meetings so ar you going to be able to come over to my house
Hi
i swear this is the best series on youtube
It was because their was 5 noobs and one disappeared and it said 4 noobs
Theory: the noob that talked talked to him in the first round is guard who let him go
Risk is your family and your health insurance not good enough to be able and all you have the time for your duas to visit your health and health care provider for the duas health care program for the kids to be in the area of health center in law on the way to the above law law program and health care law law enforcement program law center for the program law center law school health care law law enforcement law law school health care center law enforcement law law center for enforcement law law center enforcement enforcement law law center for enforcement law law center enforcement enforcement law law center for enforcement law law center law law center for enforcement law law enforcement enforcement law law center law law center for enforcement law law enforcement
Nice
Spectator mode
the pro era and the noob era is related
I never thought minecraft noob and pro videos could be so good! I’m on the edge of my seat for the next one.
So the plot is he will gain power to take down more powerful enemies
he should have his own netflix show
You said you’re still off your body you are literally died
I love this i cant wait for the part 3
Add a Zeus king in the next video from Bennett
Damn! Evbo's sub count has skyrocketed! Good job!
The only thing that is stronger than the pros plot armour
I want you to get 1 mil this year
Fact : The noob dissapeared on 1st round gave him ability.
Make more of these vids there so intresting
I love these kind of videos like the noob video I really want to see the next season these videos are awesome🤩🥰😍
so addicting
ENCORE! btw this rivels villager news
Noob that helped evbo was in arena but glitched and was probably the one that gave evbo the power to dissapear
brooo this is cool
Is he even in reality 👁️
I think all this flex not pro cause having above 30 xp is a dumb and their building block is very ugly its just flexing not pro But nice story
yay
Yes of course he survives he has plot armor
Prob the best Minecraft series this whole year
Nice
I’m so confused rn 2:58
Yep
Nice video 👍☺️☺️
It's not a pro if they can't move in the lava
Trending 🤩
Can you like all comments
Plot armor
*This will be an epic battle!*
The 5th noob helped you
Tbh you should get ur armour from ur house then run away
BRUHHHHH THIS VIDEO IS FAKE SO FAKE GO TO 0:05 AND SEE THE MAST PRO ITS NOT TECHNOBLADE ITS SO FAKE
This is the most interesting video I seen all day!
Aye man just wanted to say nice work on the video!
This is too entertaining
Very epic story
I thought it was squid game
Its all conected
What did I just see that was crazy
Theory: Evbo either got hacks or he has admin powers from the previous season.
so anyway this series could be more successful than squid game
Plz post tomorrow
was thinking he would kill the pros but ok
Wooooooow
its the 1 master pro
THIS IS SO GOOD
This series is sick.
I love you Ebro
I love this video so much
Next Video: “Minecraft but I got chase by corona people.”
WE NEED MORE!!!!!
Love the storytelling in this new sub here
-Person who made mistakes -Has to fight in games -People watching I think this is squid game O.o
These stories are great man. Keep up the work
just throw splash potions of harming
Rip
Hello
Nice man you can make a part 3
Ah, yes. The classical picking a stone sword over a trident.
Op video bro🔥🔥🔥
Enjoy the crazy part 2 of the pro era.....but what happens next will be even crazier...
man i hope you get 1 million subs :DDD THIS IS SO AWSOME!!!
Please upload episodes fast😭😭they are really awesome!
Why does it have to be continued.?
Hmmm nice
Been waiting
Evbo: how did I turn invisible? Me: commands but IK this is just a skit
theory:he was brought back and his memory erased and the glitches are either telling evbo that he need figured out was going before is too late or the fake world was slowly collapses
woah, he just astral projected
now the noob story is over
I loved this
After the noobs capture me I become a noob and they take over my channel
How to win  Step 1 get trident since it does the most damage in melee and does more that the axe i think Step 2 bow Step 3 bucket Step 4 close minecraft and get vape client :trol:
i think you aren't just the beacon for the noobs but everything so that's why he could survive
Bruh  now i have to wait for the next episode
Oooo
Wait, EvBos memories were erased, he doesn’t remember the noobs. Will he be reunited with society and with noobs?
Evbo should be the Master pro LEADER!
Think one of the master pros was one level down and stole the other guys level
Oh no! Anyway...
I’m invested…
Theory: This is all a dream caused by the person who said it's time for phase 2 at the end of the noob series. They are trying to see if Evbo is worthy for something and this is his training for whatever real world problem he is needed for.
Pls post fast I want to see what happens
LETS GOOOOO
I wish there was noobs and pros
Random "Pro": Has 49,999.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 Levels Master Pros: SEIZE HIM!
It’s the confidence and peace ness :)
Iol
Well if I know your gamer tag I can join your world and go in it in creative and then wipe out all the guards done during the war owners will think that there is a hacker
“Noo the gate is closed“ (haves an axe in his inventory)
Ah I see he's in a simulation  they take out the things  and people  that remind him of phase 1
Oof 🖕
TRIDENS ARE AS POWERFUL AS DIAMOND SWORDS!
I love series like This It make my Life more Happy lmao :)
THE NEXT EPISODES MUST BE HYPE AS F
Hmm i think someone srole ur exp
Get your first day ticket here
Becuz they are not wearing any armorj
Stage three is pros and noons
Herobrine
Fun fact: the three master pros are the noobs
DUDE STOP DOING TO BE CONTINUED
noob evbo saved him?
Epic Bro
you are a still in noob village
This is what happen when you make the noobs learn
I think evbo is starting to get miles morales powers 😂😂😂🤣🤣
The main character never dies 💁🏼‍♀️✨
pov: when evbo hearts every single comment also me:*SPAM SPAM COMMENTS BOII*
This Is The Matrix
The noob gave him powers
I like how he sees a noob and it gose "i dont think any of this is real" and he just pops out of existence
Hai I'm late
When are you gunna upload a new video of the noob series?
I'm bidding on Herobrine giving it getting him that power
The trident actually does the same damage as a diamond sword and you can throw it making it more lethal the sword would be good for hitting fast
Didn’t choose the apples ??
Hi
A normal kid with exploits: understandable have a great day
Been waiting for dis :)
gamer
Do Minecraft but everybody sawcons deeze
Im gana watch des des is kollllll!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Whoa cool
Ggs, Part 2!!
This reminds me of JJBA Part 2 battle tendency bc of the pillar men
Doesn’t a trident do more damage than a stone sword
Evbo: please let me out and open the WOODEN gate Me who remember he picked up an axe as one of his fighting tools: 👁️ 👄 👁️
This is just a copy of the noobs xD
Bro is this connected to the noob series
I LOVE THIS SERIES! I wish u could daily upload this series but i know its hard. :) best of luck
I Love this so awesome video  Noice
Bro this is so cool I luv it cant wait for part 2
bro, more liek PRO
YESSS PART 2!!,!,!,!,!
Master noob maybe lol
GG, ez clap
PRO GANSTA
Metaclip?
I been watching since first episode I love it nice job dude
I'm suddenly addicted to these videos 😊😊😊your awesome.
You can just break the fence by using a Axe
Hmmmmm
The  noob
Theory the noob knew him because the only noob world and the only pro world is a hologram.the two people we see in one part of the noob story must be sending him to different realitys
i like how the master pros have steve skins instead of god skins
1st 1 to see this comit wins
Theory: he’s in the test from a world of noobs
A Trident does more melee damage than a stone sword and you can throw it...questionable decision...
Evbo I think the noob who know you must have gave you powers
kk now part 3 NOW
your videos are so good
this is gonna become a whole story
915th comment haha before the 1000
Imagine evbo uploading daily
Can somebody get matpat over here?
This is the most stupid thing I have ever seen
Theory: Everyone in the world is admins but everyone has to prove they can be an admin so they are put in a VR world for training and put them in many different simulations and situations.
You are the next dream
Part 3 please and early this time please am I right let me know please,ggs bro😇😇😇😇😇
cantwait for part 3!
fortnite
A bucket of bois
I like the story and it's lore
I wish you can make these longer 😬
I Like your videos
Did the noobs help him?
pleaseee keep me updated :D
Hi I'm you're new subscriber
They are pros but they noob at building
LESSSS GOOOOOOOO
How to enjoy something step 1 wait for evbo, s new video step 2 watch it and now ur happy
Stress=invis relaxed=see able
gummy gummy
How did that happen
ok
this guy created fucking lore
This dude should be a book writer…. It’s because he knows how to make a story just amazing like this!
Hacker next prob?
dreams speed runs be like: 4:27
Why didn't u get the trident lol
Good vid
It’s all fake the world of pros is not real
This whole video was a bruh moment
Me: /kill Master Pros
Hi
yes, loving the series
Xd
This is so scripted ngl
Make this daily
Hi evbo
Evbo the rate ur going at is insane. When I discovered you about 2 weeks ago, you were at 60k subs. Bruh ur now at 140k
I LOVE THIS! :D
when evbo uploads he is like <o/ because he get like 100 bucks but srsly you make rlly good content
episode 1 in a nutshell: WaaAaaAAAah yOU oNly HAVe *4999* LeVELS tHATs ILlegAL!!!!
I suggest using a trident cus it has the same damage of a netherite sword
Yay when I see evbo upload i click this is amazing I love this part 2
YES! This man needs a Netflix show!🤩😀
(⌐■-■)
I love this series!
Plot armor is so convenient, am I right?
NOO that was so GOOD
earlier today i was watching pt 1 and i searched pt2 i was like oh no pt2 so after hours i went on my dads tv and i saw pt2 my day was like YESS plz upload more of these
This represented when a person was forced to fight with kings and the crowd would just laugh. :'(
WHATEVER YOU DO  DONT CLICK THE LINKS BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE GETTING INFECTED
Did I hear SeaWhatt or is it just me?
Tt
Bruh
I love this
Epic haha
lol wut is this
These types of videos are really entertaining to watch. Keep up the good work!
You know the noob that disappeared maybe it’s him because he says he knows the pro
Bro that’s crazy
Hi
Evbo you should’ve picked the trident because it does the same attack damage as a netherright sword
How is this so interesting!
I know how you were able to turn invisible, the noob that knew you did it.
Hacker man thats what happened
Welcome to the gulag
next is escaping hacker prison, eh?
So good
Great job always nice to watch your videos
It’s just a gaming chair Bro
COMBAT LOG
2:54 bro this chracter is awesome
ok why is everything netherite? Wouldn’t pros know how wasteful it is?  Obsidian is just as good
He will find out the truth
Finally it’s outt
man he gets so millon view but on 140k subs so cool definnly subbing
E
Minecraft squid game
That wasn't a chain armor, that was plot armor
Look back at the first round if you watch it closely you will get how he went invisible listen to what the noob says
My question is where the 1 noob went
In Java edition axes do more dog than a sword
Mogus
Evbo was not given the power to become transparent, no. He is a spectre.
I love how planned this is
WHYYYYYYY JUST DO A MOVIE OF IT
This is perfect. THE CLONE OF THE MAZE RUNNER!!
Woah
Dude commands i know that comande
2:18 have you every heard of breaking stuff??
I think I need to get Bucket and if I was your friend I will just be begging for help finding diamonds because I’ve never found them
6:27 How about give them something for a award
Ok this is the supposed "phase two" right?
Ayyy im earlyy to part 2 or 3 idkk
anyone know what mod/plugin did he use to add those bots?
I have to wait so i can watch the full thing, cliffhangers kill me
İm not pro at all
Another awesome story video by Evbo. I got some Squid Games vibes from the first room in the arena
I NEED MORE MINECRAFT
Ya
oml
OMG THE LOOOORREEEE
I knew it 😂
This series is very interesting!
I'm surprised he killed that noob without hesitation
Evey vid is so good made like its just perfect
Part 2 pls
Love all the videos man keep it up😊
SOO GOOD
Win
the noob that  went away was from the noob one the nice noob who helped
This is really creative and interesting
can't u like cut the wood with a axe?
He has it, SPECTATOR MODE! Ironic since he wasn’t even a spectator in the arena.
THAT WAS INSANE! I love this a little to much the story is insane. I might—animate- draw something that will never be posted
Why didn't you get trident it has more damage dead brain
first day!!!!!
Let’s go
the 5th noob did the same thing and gave his powers 2 evbo
Ayy i waited for this
حماس 🔥
Great job
Wait, he was level 49,999! Close enough, right?
I love your videos evbo!!!!!!! :D
Wait is netherite supposed to float in lava because it can withstand lava
I just watched the video you did me the OooO tO bE CoNtiNuEd
This is gonna be good
Finally dude
If I got a dollar for Every time Heard pro I would be a millionar.
NOOOOOO NOOOOOOOO
700th commenter
I bet the 5th noob did that invisble thing
Bruh you could just picked trident cuz i does 8 damage
Evhoe-
You'd think a pro would know how to avoid lava....
Hi im a big fan ive subbed with all notifications and pls pin this comment and i hope you well Get more subs and heart this comment
he needs to make more they are so entertaining
... that 'noob' seems to be an active participant, but no one seems to notice his disappearance. How spooky
This is better then the other noob
SO GOOD!
yay evbo is posting
Dreams can come true just like this one of be uploaded
If this is scripted then make it so you become a god pro
Love this series!!!
Me when I see the video YESSSSS FINALLY
please make another part
Best series ever
666
S
This would be a good movie plot...
Pin me and I will be happy
I like evbos vids every time i watch more it makes my day better!
Ur so lucky, managed to respawn outside of the arena
Everyones talking bout how good this is and whatever and im sitting here just like y u no choose trident
How Can  Netherite Despawn On  Lava
Bro seawatt gaming was in this to sweeet
These just keep getting better and better!
Perfect content to watch before school at 4am, good things
My day is now better I love ur videos so much I can't describe how much I was waiting for this video
yo
Bruh you just went in spectator
Here in 1 hour
Gg u uploaded
What if instead of turning into a ghost ”or pulling yourself out from yourself lol” you got op powers and Nuked the Arena XD. Im loving this so far and I can’t wait to see what’s gonna happen next. Keep up the great work!!!
not first :)
Man had the chance to get a golden apple, a trident and flint and steel and picked none of them
E
I play this game i also use about one totam per houre
Epiiiiiiiiiiic
Bro just press f3 + f4 accidentally
He is dreaming and you can do anything in dreams from the noobiverse
Theory:I think that this is all a simulation that someone is performing on Evbo as a test.  Cause at the end of the video when he battles the Noob king and sacrifices himself into the void,  He is caught by some higher entity that talks to a worker and says "Prepare him for Phase 2 and wipe his memory"  So this is either" A:Some sort of personality test.  B:He is being put in some sort of matrix where they do experiments on him. The proof is the random glitches in both videos after his memory was wiped
So everyone just a builder miner and pvper in here man that’s bad
Man i thought it would be like those cringy role playing videos(as this was my first video i watched) but i was wrong this can’t be more epic  BTW subbed to u
Omg
When the pog
First he fought noobs Then he fought pros  What if next, he fights gods
I bet ya that the next one after the pros would be when hacker take over minecraft.
there is barly one hundred let alone hundreds
maybe....admins!!!
He just have op and just did F3+N.
I love all your vids they are so good
Finally!!!
Ur vids are da best
Can't u use the aks to break the gate
+1 gameode
Hi this was posted 1 hour before I watched this
Yes finally!
ANOTHER CLIFF HANGER
What the how
You are amazing
I’ve been waiting for ever I went to your channel everyday just for this !
Welp everything is a simulation.
Stage 3 be like: in a world full of hackers
The vids you make are the best you derive way more subs
43
Hi
Theory, remember when evbo was in that netherite room when he jumped off the ledge? Well maybe he's in a dream. Maybe this is what he saw when he was passed out 🤔🤔🤔🤔
This getting better and better
Noobs : *very good detailed skins* Pros : *steve*
did anyone see how he chose a stone sword and stone axe when a tridents hit as hard as stone axes and hit as fast as stone swords
Top 10 thumbnails (you earned a sub btw)
AMAZING JUST AMAZING
⁹⁰
This guy never fails to impress me with his content
Yesssss thank you!
Love the content
you always make the best plot twists
I've watched the whole series
I can't wait for him to upload part 3
Evbo is part ghost confirmed
"tips..ehh..no..your probably going to die," Lmao comical line
I really remember everything, I think the next phase is hacker with bedrock stuff
Hello
Don’t you think 50k lvls is a bit overboard
Why di the pros look like noobs but with armor
i have a theory that the noob that was deleted is either a glitch, a self aware AI, or part of the outside world we saw after evbo jumped in the void
Early
I love seeing these and I get some inspiration  to do my own minecraft videos, thanks
OMG Finally it’s here
What no if your wearing netherite armour you can't die of larver it shouldnt do damage is this clicbate 😐😐
Hello
I think this ,,Pro" thing is a simulation... the guy in the last episode of noobs sayed "send evbo into PHASE 2" soo...?
Evbo is basically the person to change lives
but i hate the cliff hanger lol
This IS SO GOOD
yay part 2
Hello
But you know what is more powerful than the master of pros ? That's right, the netherite knight himself creator of the netherite beacon and destructor of the empire of knights.
omg
Twist: ev bo is actually dream*
A scientist is using or creating hundreds of Minecraft players and testing them in different simulated realities to see if they are good enough to conquer and defeat any kind of ruler, only the thing is... a person that powerful would break out of the simulations and maybe even destroy them
If I was evbo I would pick trident and crossbow, chest-plate and arrow
A stone axe does 9 attack damage great job
I love this
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Plot armor
GOD, I love your videos so much dude!!!! Even though they are scripted, they're just so intresting to watch!!! Keep making amazing content like this!
Trident, flint and steel, gapple and chainmail chestplate
please contyneyu please
The fact their names are all just PRO is hilarious
I ma 56 minutes early
pog
Nice
Hi boi
He must have so many alt accs...
Pls more
We need to get him to 1 mil
hi
This was so cool 😎!😭😩👍👍👍👍👍👍👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Oh yeah its just all a simiulation. Like in the noob thing the noobs didnt rememeber before. But maybe its just fake memories. And after we can see him in a bed. And they say phase 2. And so, they just changed the game but keeped the same data. Thats why the noob said that he remembered him. And the workers saw him and deleted him
Fianlly i was waiting for this video i Just started watching  ur videos
YESS MY DAY IS BETTER
me preety sad i say a new evbo vid me INSTANTLY CLICKS AND BE HAPPIER
hi evbo
tf is this cringe
oh my gosh i have been waiting for this
Part 3 PLEASE i CANT wait!
Evbo when is the next episode out?? cant wait for it!
Discovered you before this video, but also found out about you an hour before this came out.
I think the one that made evbo's soul leave the body is the 5th noob bcz he was there but somehow glitched out so the noob prob helped evbo
Awesome video, and reallly entertaining to watch
Pro
Meke more slow ep 3
He went from noobs to pro world from his other series
Keep it going it very sick
Jceah Posh
Yes
This is as good as the MNAF series from caveman films
You should've took the trident it's better than the diamond sword
cringy
That one noob that disappeared? I think he knows more than what evbo does...
Hi
It has been FOREVER waiting
He just actually died and then he respawned outside
Hello
Nice vid
Any minecraft pro would know that tridents are stringer than all stone tools
He is a God now get it.... or not?
I’ve been so eager about this and the noob series and a new episode I’m so excited to finish it
I love your videos dude your sooooo. Good
Takes time huh
Next ep?
Anmazing
I am gonna watch these daily—I literally just started watching him and now have watched his videos—
It’s nice to see someone making decent Minecraft roleplay content, 1B times better than monster school
Yo can u make like the whole thing at once? Like I like it and all, that’s the main reason I commenting dis, but I don’t like the fact they are always so short.
finally its out lol
Should of picked the trident it has much higher damage than a stone sword.
wow this is amazing i cant wait till next episode
its even My birthday Day got better
Hiiiiiiiii
no more cliff hangers!!!!
LEGIT AMAZING MAN
This is actually Awesome and really enjoyed it
I cant wait until the new episode comes out. You deserve more subs; super underrated
Been waitin' for it.
Ok smarter not harder that is littearally what I thought the whole vid
I rember the series on a lot of Chanel’s it was like noob vs pro vs hacker vs god so I’m guessing this is like that
This is POG
"woah! He fly!"           - Xx_birhayranxX1
OMG yay!! A new vid!! I love these Minecraft series!
This is... AMAZING!!! Awesome video keep up the good work!
0:15
It should be a movie Evbo vs the Pros
Love the video
okay soo do yall remenber the noob series? where evbo sacrified himself (btw sorry for the bad inglish) there was a noob who lefted evbo go throw the end portal hmm i think th one noob that said to ev ''i think ssomethings off'' well i think the noob was that noob who said i hink something is off is prob him
When u see Evbo uploaded so u imedently click on the vid
Spectator mode acquired
They kept on calling you a pro
noob
HES HACKING SPEC MODE HES HACKING HES HACKING TAKE HIM SERIOUS HES HACKING
Theory: Evbo is being helped by gods in  the real world after killing noob king
Hello
This is so good
Wait what if that noob that helped you go through the portal and killing the noob guards what if his the one who helped you I have no idea
people here before 1 hour
Was waiting for this ever since the phase 2 !!
I love your videos!!! Keep it up! It’s just so addicting!!
P.s why so many cliffhangers
BRO I JUST IM JUST POSTO PHASE 3 THIS IS STRESSING ME OUT
Where am I how tf I get here evbo 2021
Omg
Evbo your so cool
waiting for part 3 your videos are the best keep it up !
My day is now better
Omgg omg pvp pvp yay yay
Evbo i don't  know who you are but you are A GOD YOUTUBER well done keep up the great work god will bless yOu😁
I didn’t know 5 seconds = 1 minute
this story pro noob stuff is super funny i dare you to make hacker one where you need 64 netherite blocks just to enter the void base where you see the hacker king and if you beat him fighting him you get admin to ban him that mojang gave you cause you cant kill him only ban him
Clone Drone In The Danger Zone (Mc version)
this is the best vid yet
Time to go ghost
love your content keep up the good work
This is going to be crazy 😝 omgggggggg 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
YES NEW EVBO VIDEO
Cant wait for the next upload its all conected but howwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Theory: Evbo was able to gp into spectator mode because of him killing himself after killing the noob king. edit: holy crap almost 200 likes, new record for me by far
his deep voice is nothing compared to mine, but its pretty good for an auto generated voice
I love ur vids about the grass lands and pro
wow
And so, the lore thickens
4:07 netherite armour doe not burn
He should pick the axe and the flint and steel and he should pick the rod and gapple
I love u
Been waiting for this since the last video!
Your content are good
Ayyyyyyyy
This is sooo coool
East Or West Evbo Is The Best......pls give me shout out.
328th 👍
Yeah it does
I like this series
This Guy Makes Stories Better Than Bollywood Movies And Serials.
Oh no
Ooo
The way u narrate and make an episode...... Op ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Oh my God
Pls next episode
Ngl evbo’s pvp skills are really good.
Yayy this is what I was waiting for
Cool
i cant wait for more episodes
Part 3
Cool
SICK
LESS GO
It’s the NOOB he helped him
Pls give me ❤
you're the only person that make me feel happy after my friend passed away :(
Let’s goooo part 2!!
Make a 20 to 15 minute series plz
Yes part 2 less goo
good video lol
It must be a lot of work of getting that much players online
Theory: The workers constantly repeat memory wipe him for 100 times, facing many situations untill he becomes powerful enough for something unknown. They try to make him not know this, so every time something the workers dont want to happen occurs, they change it so that he does not know.
Yes. The best series ever
Claim 1 day ticket here
The story line has been confusing first noobs he kills himself then some random people wipe his memories now he a pro
I really want 3
Great episode this is, waiting for this to go viral, can’t wait for the next episode
God damn it
I Was In That Crowd, And I Can Confirm, That Game Was A Banger!
Hi
Aw man you left it on a cliffhanger!
I know how he did that /gamemode s
Evbo that Noob was one of the Noobs world that helped you!
I have a theory for this series, the guy at the end of the noob series and his worker are doing an experiment on evbo by making sleep and experiencing dreams that they force him to dream  the first dream was the noobs second one was the pros and the noob who recognized evbo was the noob guard that let evbo enter the end portal in the first dream and also in the last episoded of the pros taking over when evbo met the master pros they said “noob evbo” but then glitched and said “pro evbo” so I think that means that a glitched happened in the experiment that the guy and his worker was doing to evbo and the glitch makes things from the first dream happen in the second dream and also when evbo turns into ghost or something and manages to escape the arena I think he managed to that cause the guy and the worker purposely made evbo turn into a ghost!  Also this series is very entertaining and interesting!
Danny phantom!!
This is the sequel
It connects to the noob’s video
LETS GO MINECRAFT
This deserves more views
literally just saw part 1 lmao
Yo! Love this series ❤
Whooo new vid
Yo! Love this series ❤
This is fun to see
I heard if you comment "sub to evbo" and sub you're  comment will get pinned!
This is intense
Are we not going to talk about how the pros have a STEVE skin?
YESSSSS
Next a world with only modders and you have no mod item
AMAZING!!!
no way Squid Game
Awesome 😎
Saw this 15 minutes before it wad uploadd
Omg 2 weeks ago he had 70k subs now he mad 130k!
new subscriber! keep up the great work! 😉
:)
#Team Evbo!
What made you do that? /gamemode spectator
I HAVE BEEN WAITING SOOOO LONG TO SEE NEW EPISODES!!!
Hi nice video :)
Zoo wee mama
Hi
Early
I clicked faster than Evbo could say pro
When Evbo uploads it makes my day!  Edit: Omg! Thanks for favouriting my comment!!!
Yoo
youd think after saving the world from the noobs, evbo would be treated like a king. or at least not be sentenced to such harsh punishment. unless, maybe this is a prequel to the noob series.
You are the best
Babe, wake up, Evbo uploaded!!!
whos the 1 guy who disliked
Dude best series
awww making this is goooood
Wow finally
Noiceee new evbo vid
Dis going to be interesting
Netflix original
The true warrior
When is the next episode of the noob series
damn I can't wait for part 3
AWESOME VID!!!
Theory: He is dead and this is a dream.
Dang this is the best minecraft lore I have ever seen! Love it! Keep it up!
Every one make a rap song in the coments
156th comment
Hi keep up with the good work
Love your vids
You’re video are so good, your so underrated       Btw did he just pick the sword over the trident
Comment added very early
You should make series in Netflix your talented
He's good at acting and making his video inserting and want to watch more
Part 3333333333333
Probably gunna die Man, great life advice. I would give u my head as a gift.
Hi
Omg 😳
Op
Omds let’s go. The fifth noob was straight chillllsss
I knew its SPECTATEING mode
PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZ UPLOAD THE NEXT PART IMMEDIATELY
Yo sans
(◡ ω ◡)私の最新の個人的なビデオはここにあります⤵️⤵️(◠$◕)♪❤クリック ： https://aishite.tokyo/haneame?ORA-KATOKAN 🔞🔥   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CLICK HERE------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 💜    Megan: "Hotter"  Hopi: "Sweeter"  Joonie: "Cooler"  Yoongi: "Butter"  Жизнь, как красивая мелодия, только песни перпутались. #Чо #эт #делает #на #2 #месте #в #тренде #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков .#垃圾.
They never fail me to make not be bored
im early pogg
This is amazing
For pros, you'd think they would have other skins than just Steve skins...
i love your vid it soo good
Man so many comments and it hasn’t even been 5 minutes
The trident is juste a better stone sword
Noob
best vid
I’m here in time
YEEEEEEEES!
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
OMG I WILL KNOW THIS WILL BE THE BEST THING EVER
Have a powerful day
3mins ago
QUIK QUIK QUIK I WAS HERE AT 3 min YEEEEEEE im looking forward to this
Shout out please
Noice
Early omg
OoooooaoOo
Cool bro
Now this is good content great video ebvo
Can I get some bread??
But its the best chanal on youtube
Super
Hi
Good day when evbo posts
E
I've Been Waiting For Ages For This Vid.
I think we are all happy that part two is out now
I just got a notification and I immediately clicked it
Noo im late
Let’s go that’s class
This is all “legit”
Waiting this my whole life
Iv been wating and wat about the noob
Omg this is going to be so epic like a movie
Ji
This guy is awesome at making stories
i loved the noob world, and now I love you pro world
Hahhahahaah
Bro I've been waiting forever for this. That noob evbo fought knows everything
Subscribe to Evbo because he's cool and it helps the algorithm
omg im early
I’m hyped for this!
give me chug jug now
When you see Evbo upload you know its gonna be CRAZY!
Epic video
hehe
I love your content here since 24 thousand subs or should i say last week
Less go pt2
Damn evbo
e
From Noob to Pro. Here we go
Finally
Yes. This is so cool. Can’t wait to watch it!
Less goo
7th evbo nice to see you plz pin this comment
PIN ME GAY BOY!!111!
yOOO
Epic
Lets go!!
Where's the Gods ?
UwU
No views and 4 likes, YouTube always makes sense
Well like if you're a Pro...
Finally this series gets better every time
Early
hi
First
bro i just watched the first pro video and then this comes out lol
why am i so invested in this series
2nd
First
Yah
I love this series 👁👄👁😩😍😎🦋👉👈❤🥴       I love You and your vids🦋💖 ❤ 🌸✨🎆🎇
This is going to be already epic
omg 2nd
e
Yes
This is so epic 😲😲😲
yes another great video
I waited a lot my man you're the best in lore creating
Hi
swag vid
Yes
Nice vid keep it up
Hi
Hype
2
First
These videos are banners bro keep going
