As someone who rides the Shinkansen weekly between Sendai and Tokyo, it makes two cities almost 400km apart feel like they're practically next door. The journey time is about 1 hour 20 mins (5-6 hours by car) and the smooth ride spent gliding across the countryside is an absolute joy. I never particularly enjoyed riding trains until I ended up in Japan. The Shinkansen were seen as a monumental waste of money before they were operational and then they quickly became the pride of the nation. Superb video though - this is the first time I've seen the pros and cons of HS2 explained clearly!
Superbly made video 🎉
It will eventually be really good for the environment
ALL and EVERY Engineering project in history has gone over budget!
They never take into consideration what this means for the natural environment... look for instance at these enormously wide stretches of woodland they gets cleared.. And that happens over the folk length of the rails. That entire wide strip gets cleared of ANY life, and after they are done they don't put the fertile top layer of soil that were there before they started back in place either, but largely that rather would be just sand, which does nothing for plants to (be able to) grow (on)!! And there's something else too too keep on mind... and THAT is, that the UK has not been able to run its 'NORMAL' railway lines in a way that is ANYWHERE near decent or reliable!! Let them FIRST put money into the EXISTING railway lines that run throughout the WHOLE country therefore!! THAT would REALLY help, AND out would benefit ALL of their population, instead of only a relative handful of travelers!
People can’t afford to eat in this country let alone buy a house etc.. but we have 100 billion for a train no one cares about 👏👏🤦‍♂️ also people in the south don’t want to go up north and the people I the north don’t want to go back 😂
The next rob-the-taxpayer project!
better using that money for nuclear power stations😏
英国人到底能不能做上hs2？
B1M should do a top 10 biggest failures list from all the projects they’ve covered over the years. HS2 would have to be a strong contender.
As much as I love trains and wish this country (UK) had the trains and  network, this project and future projects are just too expensive now, HS2 should never have been started....
As someone who lives in greater Manchester it is disgusting that they continue to focus on London and the south. It should’ve started north and gone south
The British, tax paying public didn't vote for this government waste of money.   When done it won't come close to being the best train service in the world, not even in Europe!   The cost to use this bullshit train line will be extortionate!  My nation is a FECKIN joke!
This whole project is typical of the UK government....promises broken, lies told, money spent without our consent, billions in overspend due to inept idiots in charge of the place and more and more crap being thrown at the public who pay for this, we don't want it, we don't need it, as with a lot of other things happening in the country at the moment. a useless government which needs ousting and replacing with a viable option.
It's October 2025, has it been completed yet?
there should be accountability for such misestimates of the cost. Similar projects always tend to become a place to drain cash from for politicians and parties involved at the end. That being said, you're channel is really good and your presentations are all very well made!
I earlier thought India only have problems while building big infrastructure projects like land acquisition and protests. Land acquistion delayed India's HSR by 4-5 years which was supposed to open in 2022 when construction started in 2019 now it will open in 2028 only. From 4 years to 9 years.
this video has not aged well.. for the project that is. 2036 is now the earliest anticipated completion date , but more realistically 2039. and thats just for the first part of it.
i need a job in HS2
This is the right thing to do we need this hs2.. this will help job's to the community.. about time we are making some progress.. If you look at other countries it's all looking forward so we need to go forward..
Should never have been built. It goes through the most unsuitable land you could ever build a high speed rail through from going under protected to forests requiring tunnels longer than across the channel to unstable swap/marshland requiring extensive ground works to make it stable. No way those involved up high did't know the true horrific cost of the project when they were quoting 30Bn to get it green lit by the government.
For people saying it worked in Japan, yes, for around 5% of the total we have already spent and its longer.
How much are steel changed in price between 2011 and 2025? How much of that£100 billion is cost of Trains and running costs for after it is built? How much of this problem is because the government of the past have not cared about the north and how many prime ministers can actually say they actually are from the north and lived most of their lives further than Birmingham, and why did we have to worry about a tree what doesn’t actually do anything anymore? A new tree is more environmental for the environment than a 200 year old tree, as a new one will grow and eat more carbon dioxide and other gases an old one stays the same size and doesn’t eat as much nutrients as it needs to and also doesn’t take as much water out of the ground what actually allows the ground to move and destroy the area more easily than a new tree. If we didn’t cut so much into the ground so many tunnels into the ground it wouldn’t cost us so much money look at how much just for the Elizabeth line it cost to cut across London and then if we did that for the entire HS2 line how much Mile cheaper would it have been to dearer if we just stayed on the surface and told the stupid people that if we cut down a 200 year-old tree we can replace it with a new tree what will grow into that 200 year old tree? It’s not like it’s never going to have another tree it’s going to be we cut all these trees down and we aren’t growing anymore ever so no trees left on the planet. This is the reason why all the people hiding in trees who can’t be asked to understand why we need intro structures who drive to all these places in their cars should say thank you to the government who cooked 90% of the train routes in the 60s and 70sbecause outlaws train routes you wouldn’t be getting to these areas where you can argue about HS2 because you would’ve had to have gone on a train
Totally unnecessary rail service, spending money the UK can ill afford, by yet another inept and incompetent government.
three years later, how we feelin' bout HS2, buddy? [loud sobbing]
It does sound like a waste of time and money tbh our current trains do a perfectly good job along sides busses, taxies,  personal cars, i dont think anyome in the uk has issues traveling arround the uk. Well unless you are poor.
The great cost is that from linking it within major conurbations. Had it been linked to fast connections from extra urban stations in London, Manchester, Glasgow the whole line could have been built at far less cost than now. Fast link from the start to just outside London. Fast link from Manchester Airport to the city. Fast link to Glasgow. Each taking 10 minutes but saving billions. Just an option not considered. After all these planned citywide urban parts will operate at reduced speed anyway.
English lavender
You should revisit this now in 2025 with the other phases being cancelled!
Absolutely fantastic and informative video, learnt more from this to be honest than ok the HS2 YouTube page lol.
If you live in Birmingham and work in London, how much is the trip going to cost on a daily basis? Is it really worth it?
I hate the Tories for many reasons (too many to list here) but I’ll never forgive for robbing my generation of a prosperous future. Cancelling phase two of this project is a monumental mistake and step in the wrong direction. Even if some savings are made we will end up paying for the cost in lost productivity and economic growth. Yes this project has its flaws: it’s over engineered, over budget and is caught up in bureaucratic red tape but that’s no excuse for outright cancelling it with no provisions for safeguarding the route. The project should have been reformed and changes made to appease its opponents (even though most of them NIMBY’s who should just be ignored in my opinion as they stand in the way of progress. I can understand there are some genuine environmental concerns but “preserving nature” doesn’t make much sense when motorways and other projects are far more disruptive and that’s no reason to outright cancel the project). The only consolation I have is that least phase one will be completed (eventually) but future generations will look back on the UK government and be baffled by its backwards decision.
Well the way the economy is going it will never get finished
England is not big enough to have high speed rail. It needs efficient frequent trains
The opposition to this sounds like “I want things to stay as they are forever” and not pay for anything new.  Then when things break down in the future, the same people will say “Why didn’t you do this earlier?”
Phase 1 alone involves digging over 100 km of tunnels — one of the biggest civil engineering challenges in UK history.
Let's compare this to California High Speed Rail, which has spent $15 billion over 16 years and has zero miles of tracks, zero customers and probably will always have zero customers...
There is a fixed relationship between speed, distance and time. Someone should explain this to the HS2 people. It's too short!
How many miles china would build in the same time with the same money??? 10, 11,  12, 13 times more...20 times??
Absolute waste of money. A total scandal that neither government has scrapped it.
As a Chinese，our high-speed railway construction is almost carried out simultaneously with the HS2 project, and at the same cost. However, the difference is that in the past 20 years, our government has built 51,722 kilometers of high-speed railway, connecting almost all major cities across the country
When it comes to wild life they telling us they are planting x amount of trees as it’s a simple and easy excuse and wild life doesn’t just mean trees and I don’t think the government understands that
Scrap it and pay doctors and nurses properly instead.
Would have cost a lot less if they hadn't kept stopping and starting the job over and over again, these people who oppose it are the first ones to moan when the WCML gets delays caused by over-saturated traffic, it''s already unable to handle the trains now
100 billion spent so far A complete and utter waste of taxpayer money. How many new homes for young people could be built for that amount
If only there was another £100 billion available, then they could build it to Crewe!..🤔
Build it from the north.
The argument that people have about it how its costing too much and a waste of taxpayer money that won't produce the economic boost it got sold as unfortunately is being made in the first person and not as the people of UK as a whole. What I mean is someone who makes those previously mentioned arguments, despite what they claim otherwise,  doesn't care about how many benefits this will provide the UK but only how much(or little) they'll personally benefit from it. Big infrastructure projects like this that are shown costing 3x or 4x above the agreed upon price, taking the equivalent multiple in time and then getting framed as a waste of money isn't looking at the big picture. The reality is that no matter what else happens as long as it gets completed, works properly, and has regular users then its impossible for it to not provide an economic boots to the government through more taxes being collected. Its just the higher the initial cost the longer it takes for the project to make a return on investment. For us mer mortal individuals it sucks seeing a huge chunk of the taxes we pay in a year go to something we could possibly die before it ever becomes complete. But while we look at problems in miniscule scale, governments gotta make decisions based on a massive scale, looking beyond themselves and instead taking into account the effects it will have over a entire population of a few countries over a period of decades, possibly centuries and at this scale then its absolutely worth it. Abandoning the project however means that the money already spent is forever gone to never be recouped essentially giving taxpayers nothing for all the money spent.
A vanity project with little benefit. It was invented to put public money in the pockets of private contractors.
Would have been better to spend on houses, pot holes and replacing train branch lines to reduce road traffic... The companies involved now have a licence to print money....
What percentage of the population voted yes to hs2 in the very beginning...
The whole lot should  have bean scrapped  when the coved started its just a white elephant 😮
£100,000,000（2008～2025） Are you seriously ?
It would be so much better if they stopped talking about decarbonisation. Do they not know that carbon dioxide doesn’t affect the climate system? We actually need more of it.
Question is how people will afford to travel on this rail? Situation is Train travel already very expensive in UK and to keep running such projects with profit higher ticket price will be set.
Think about all the trees that could have been planted with the money they spent to build a tunnel under a single line of trees for a railroad
Would love an update to this! I believe it’s been cut beyond Birmingham now?
this shit will tear up my house if the east midlands is connected so i'm very opposed and it's the usual Londoner who've never been here thinking what's good for all of us and that's bound to lead to disaster.
Didn't they do this in the 90s what happened to that tunnel🤷‍♂️👉💰
Should have got China to help us build it, would have been cheaper and up and running by now.
This project,like Hinckley point and others is very costly, but construction constraints nowadays are far far more severe than say when the M1 was built. This increases costs, does UK need it, YES, is it worth it, YES
lol this shows the fucking incompetence of the UK. Fucking laughing stock of the whole world right here.
It's inherently ludicrously expensive to make everyone happy. Paying for mandatory land takeover, paying to keep nature as little disturbed as possible, paying for multiple times the length of required tunnels just to reduce the grades by a tiny bit and allow the trains to run 5% faster. The targets set as non-negotiables were there to reduce the amount that specific people are affected by the project, and as a result everyone pays two-, three,- four-fold in the final bill.  It's both a source of failure and pride. Personally I would've certainly settled for 80% of the agreed speeds if it means staying below budget, building fewer tunnels and being done two years earlier.  After all the core problem is to build the first new railway in a hundred years to ease the pains that the old ones are facing; the magnitude of the speed is a bonus.  But we can't have it all, and the size of the bill is what happens when you search for the optimal point. Do it once, do it best is the sort of systemic pride I've seen in many Brits at work. For better or worse, it's done very Britishly.
Their friends made a trillion
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 so tax’s payers money is being stolen for some thing we have to pay to use 😂🤣😂🤣 what a deal
I'll tell you what is a waste of money: supporting illegal immigrants, wasting tax payers money with pursuing a failing so called green agenda. That's what's called a waste of taxpayers money.
I can already get a direct train from Warrington Bank Quay to London Euston with no stops in 1hr 40 mins. Bank Quay is 20 mins from Manchester. That is plenty fast enough and is saving 15-30 minutes worth all those billions??
Love the programme but "carbon free travel" what a load of BS. Trains dont run on fresh air they run on energy. Energy is made from various forms but even if it's wind or solar it is manufactured. MANUFACTURING PROCESS ARE NOT CARBON FREE. THEN THERE IS THE END LIFE ECONOMICS. Get real and stop gas lighting us.
RIP HS2 Manchester 🪦 💐 we will never forget you
There should be parallel routes to Scotland up both the east and west of Britain, with the extensions to the improved standard networks to the WestCountry and both North and South Wales, as well as across the 'narrow bits' at Leeds-Liverpool and Edinburgh-Glasgow.  If they are building completely separate HS lines, in order to improve safety, increase speed and capactity, the tunnels etc should have been built to the wider and more stable (and comfortable) guage of 7 foot, not 4.7 foot, as this was the limiting factor in our loading guage and carriage capacity - the narrow tunnels up the east coast!
Why a single terminal in CENTRAL London? Only people who LIVE near Euston will be close, all the reat will have to get to Euston first. They might as well have used one or several peripheral locations around London, or just ensure that one terminal to the north-west of greater London was readily accesible from all existing central london stations, AS WELL AS peripheral London areas and the rest of the south-east. Trains will have to start at a depot anyway, not at Euston, where there is not going to be engineering facilities - although one seriously hopes they will place significant cleaning facilities (outside and inside!) to keep the trains presentable and hygenic like the Shinkansen, as a flagship service for the nation. A through connection at reasonable speed to Rhydyronnen (Ashford International) would also be a good plan, hence the wish to avoid a terminus n the middle of London. Small minority will want to arrive at Euston anyway, rest will want to go on to other nearby central areas!
I bet its a failure and then, as usual, all the enquiries about the vast sums of money wasted - or even no enquiry .... same old... Should never have been started.
This is what annoys me about Britain. People just moan and moan and the cost just goes up and up
The end goal of the Central Banks, all Countries, States, Province's and Cities go bankrupt. All the Taxpayers collateral will be owned by Central Bankers.
Yes, vote the pricks out
Useless expensive destructive garbage by diktat.
People should stop complaining so much
The Chinese built 40000 miles of HS Railway with station infrastructure in the same timeline.
100 billion for 100 miles of pointless railway unbelievable.
16km Chiltern Tunnel, hum ... that's quite long indeed. I compare with what I know as the longest tunnel of Austria for the moment : The 13.9km Arlberg Tunnel. That's long indeed. The Brenner Base Tunnel is under construction from Innsbruck, Austria to Fortezza, Italy (SüdTirol !) : 64km ! Once completed, the longest in the world.   Seen from a European, HS2 should be built and extended all the way to Scotland. It's strategic for the full country
We should have built high speed rail 30 years ago. Same with nuclear power stations.
The elephant in the room is that a Manchester to London train costs £150, or £20,000 for an annual season ticket.  This is for Peak time, i.e. what you would need to pay if you are commuting for work.  The high UK rail fees alone make this project completely unviable. Anyone living in the UK would know this.  This was about the politicians lining their pockets, by funding their buddies that own engineering firms.
With it only going to Birmingham to save 30 minutes utter waste of land and  money.
If it gets built, future generations will forget about the costs and enjoy the benefits. The construction of London Underground entailed digging up streets to lay down tracks, causing unfathomable disruption, but now it's hard to imagine London without its underground.   And Britain will need to get high-speed rail eventually. I'd assume that leaving The EU hasn't done too much good for this project. Resources will be costing us more, and the negative effect that had on our economy more generally would've been painful for a project like this.
2 years on.... looking back, such a hopeful time.... what we've been left with is an utter shambles.
funny how there is never a discussion in government about wasting money on war, makes you think doesn't it edit: some contractors is probably increasing the budget to pad their executives/owners
One problem still remains, extremely expensive train tickets. For a 1h20min journey from Brighton to London, in peak hours, I'd have to pay £31.80 for a return ticket. I'm happy to ride for 1h20min, but I'm not so happy to pay £30 for the ticket. Train from Brighton to Heathrow Airport is just as ridiculous, around £42 one way and with a change (or £35ish to London Victoria and then underground). I can get a direct National Coach for about £14 - it's often faster than changing trains/getting underground. The only thing preventing people from driving to the airport are buses, when in reality if should be trains - being comparable price to buses but faster, and right now trains are losing on both grounds.  Sure, UK can build railway, but did they think how/if people can afford silly train prices? So far, it only looks like it is mostly within reach of those with average and higher incomes.
Stop all progress & development in UK as HS2 planting more trees by x3 than cutting down and some bats u happy, those hippy moron enviromentalists dont get why need expand heathrow etc & is why china is sonfar beyond us in infrastructure we wonder why,   hippy idiots is why
literally connecting englands WORST most disgusting dump of a city to London saving just 30 mins. for £80 billion ?? What a total F'ing joke, the whole point was to connect manchester, leeds & liverpool, the so called northern powerhouse cities,   now is just a total joke waste of time & huge waste of $
Total disgrace, whole point was to conmect leeds, manchester & liverpool,  i.e. the Northern regikns ignored of infrastructure investment for not years or decades but forever,  all we achieve for £80 billionis a train from birminghan to london thar saves 30 mins, marvellous.  Is a total joke,  we suposedbto go leeds to londo in just over an hour  - what we get,   oh,  saves 30 mins to birmingham a shit hole city   how great
100b for one railway is the real laugh, this could have been done for a fraction of the cost if there wasn’t so much bureaucracy
This didn’t age well
Totally unnecessary railway.  £100 billion would help alleviate issues with the NHS.
Meanwhile in China.....1000's of kilometers 😂😂😂😂.... adopt communism system now!!!😂
Waste of money 😢
ERROR: 225 MPH is NOT the fastest in Europe!! The French TGV is going at least 250 MPH, of 402 km/hour.
The problems with HS2, are, that a large part of the people living on the countryside, does NOT want to have a construction of any form or shape running thrue the beautifull green fields and meadows.
Check out the Swiss Canton connectivity way of providing National Services.
HS2...? Always better late than never.
And it will cost 300 quid a ticket to get from London to Birmingham return completely making any hopes of economic growth a distance dream.
A huge flop in 2025
What was initially advertised as a way to physically and economically link the North and south quickly became yet another investment in the south, there is more to the uk than London and Birmingham, why is everyone's money including Scotland and Wales only going down south!!!!
That bojo pic art is fantastic
So it sounds like what was originally pitched as a high speed rail line that would have connected London to numerous cities is now going to connect London to just Manchester. That makes me question the need for this scheme at all. I'd be willing to bet that a lot of people in the UK are going to get rich from this seemingly pointless project, and you'd think a fair trade off would be delivering on the original promises.  As a citizen of the US, I can tell you that this is why we don't invest in rail. Because we already know these exact same things would happen here. And it's just not worth it.
In Spain, high speed rail carries me from Leon to Madrid - 340-380 km - in 2 hours, for ~ 40€. In the UK, HS2 is an utter waste of public money. There is already rapid train travel from London to B'ham - I never use it as it is much cheaper to drive. The same money - or much less - could have been spent on improving the awful rail inter-connectivity in the North of the UK, bringing real benefits. But no. Because governments are run by politicians the Northern links are CANCELLED.
Who the f*** wants to go north and especially get there quickly. The biggest waste of money we could have deported so many illegal immigrants with this money
Well it stopped
it is now 2025--what progress? what has been achieved ?
HS2花了多少钱搞公关
Great video. This is more of a problem of project management, lack of strong public governance than politics. Atleast in the UK. Public funds keep railway prices subsidised. But the government really struggled with the right PR strategies to convince people of its viability. Also there is significant competition, lack of trust, unity, and short term planning cycles in both the regional councils and Westminster. Which further makes large scale development for a national railway line across the Isles difficult.
British Stuttgart 21
'It will bring London closer to the rest of the country'. Who wants to be closer to London, yuck 😂
i stopped , just 37 mins quicker , ARE you fkin jokin ,  villions of our money WASTED ,  wankas
Brilliant use of modern technology and skill construting such a Major Product. Congratulations to everyone working on The Project. Best of luck. Still time if you could join Sheffield Town and make it a NATIONAL carrier ❤ Looking forward to completions.  ❤
This would solve so many problems.  The economy boost would be fantastic, tourists visiting London will be able to go around the UK much more easily, bringing money in, boosting businesses, creating jobs. People could live further from cities in cheaper areas. The strain on infrastructures like hospitals would be diminished as people could travel further to seek treatment.  Yeah it sucks we have to pay for it now, but we'll benefit in the future, as with every investment.
Selfish I know,but given the cost of this folly,why should residents in the southwest pay for something they’re unlikely to use?
Frankly I couldn't give a monkeys if it's 'dividing the nation' or not. It's going to be built whether the nay-sayers like it or not, so they might as well shut up and get on with their miserable lives.
Like a rump stub of a high speed railway will boost the economy 🙄🤔
I wonder what the costs will be to the consumer, or will the average person be priced out of using HS2?
As someone from the UK  2 years on from this videos release, here's is an update and the reasons why we originally rejected it.  1. It has gone 8 times over budget, at least.  2. The main point was to connect London and Manchester. They have now cancelled the second half of the project.. So people comparing it to Japanese project are severely misguided by the UK's ability to complete projects...  We basically have a high speed rail to a farm near Birmingham.  All that has been achieved is that we can get to Birmingham 15 minutes quicker...  For 150 Billion UK Pounds...  It should have never started, cause this was always gonna be the outcome.. UK is the MOST corrupt nation in the world, we just hide it better than anyone and called it Law....
Here in France our roads and railways cost one tenth of the price per mile as in the UK for every £1 on the project £3 goes to project Consultants, and £5 into "Pockets"! And nothing is ever finished on time or budget.
CAN WE GET A HS2 VIDEO UPDATE PLS ♥️
Governments don’t get money from taxpayers to pay for infrastructure, they print it at the BoE and the growth the infrastructure delivers offsets the dilution of the currency, well thats the theory. If you over build infrastructure you may not reach the growth expectations for your over costed growth like china, or dont build enough like the UK you also may not get the growth expected. So it’s a delicate balance, now if the government doesn’t reach the expected growth then the government has to borrow money and put taxes up to pay for the borrowing. Which will be a lot less than the cost of the infrastructure investment as you may hit growth expectations say a year later than expected so you only needed borrowing for 1 year. As infrastructure delivers over a 50yrs and all the cost is front loaded the government is allowed to create capitalised debt which costs next to nothing compared to cash borrowed debt as the capital cost is divided over say 50years by which time inflation reduces the cost of the debt ratio in later year. So its actual cost to tax payers is negligible when discussing infrastructure as long as you don’t overbuild but build enough to maintain growth.
This is going to be huge for the UK
Total waste of money over budget and now completely out of date for today needs
Completely stupid, should have made a fast link form Sheffield to Manchester
they call it low carbon thousands of tons of steel and concrete.
it will not benefit me.
how much are the politicians creaming off the top.
does that mean the taxpayers will get 100 billion put back in our wallets.
they will when it crashes.
thats why the old people are suffering.
I love HS2.
HS Half Way & snail rail to the North ffs Half arsed half baked. Singapore builds more rail than the UK because its all on Publicly Owned LAND.
The UK should be more ambitious and design a maglev network.
What a waste of money!
HS2 is an England only project currently only proposed to connecting two English cities. Like it's predecessor Crossrail in London it's funded by Government borrowing. Now here's the kicker. The whole of the UK taxpayers from Shetland to the Scilly Isles,  are going to have to repay both the interest and principle of the loan. The majority NOT benefiting in any practical way. Westminster's poor grasp of what constitutes the country that it serves is to blame. So in the end not only is HS1 and HS2 not fit for purpose. But neither is Westminster.
Brillant video
I just dont understand why it has to prioritise birmingahm to london? Do the mikkions of people north of Birmingham not matter? Its us who make up a good amount of the cost of the project
Let Chinese do it, only costs 1/5
As a Californian, I hope this project can get finished🤘🏻.
But of course building motorways the same distance well costs less and carry more people?
No environmental impact will cost more than 100 billion
Brunels Great Western Railway was riduculed and landowners constantly threatened to force a shutdown of construction. Rich landowners and factory owners frowned upon the idea of movement of people.   Instead the line, and his ideas put the Industrial revolution into overdrive, and no single person had a greater impact on the revolution in the UK.
One line.  Talk to Chyna.  Get t done, fools.
The government fucked it up again 😂😂
China are the masters of High speed rail
The biggest mistake was trying to make it the fastest in europe, all we need is a conventional high speed line with a top speed of 180mph, not 225mph
Sounds like every infrastructure project I’ve ever worked on
Yet another large project, hope this would be good.
Why not just kill me after you pumped me ??? Because every last bit of life is watt you want
This Tomorrows World style "Big tech projects are amazing" style propaganda piece is sounding more and more hollow by the day
This is a great video💯
Where is all this money coming from? All over the world the projects are just getting larger and the sums more astronomical. ITs like 1 billion is nothing anymore.
Any high speed rail means the whole country is pushed into the future .the technology and investment and the returns and the whole satisfaction levels are next level.seroplanes are a a good bye if u have High speed  rail the whole world.like that netflix serial
Hs2 is simply a money laundering operation . Just like Track and Trace . 81billion for a system that didn’t work and if it did it’s intended purpose is yet to surface .
00:24:40 This is S-class rail transport in the United States. As an american, I see this network as good enough.
How much input does the public tax payer have over these mega projects.
2:13 absolute bellend, HS2 is the best way for sustainable travel, what's the alternative? More cars? More flights? That is objectively worse than an electric high speed train.
I work on HS2 myself and it's definitely a waste of taxpayers money!
I hate how the UK is called a country
How much money has Soros and his envirofear mongers have made from this project. They push 0 carbon. This project has released a ridiculous amount of carbon just in cement production alone.
LOT OF PEOPLE LOOK UP TO UK AND ARE DISAPPOINTED THAT THEY ARE NOT BOSSING THE WORLD.
CHINA BUILT BETWEEN BEIJING AND SHANGHAI WITH NO FUSS AND SURPASSED ALL EXPECTATION WITH STAGGERING 750K folks traveling between two BLOCKBUSTER CITIES. IT BECAME SO PROFITABLE THAT CHINESE GOVT MADE IT A PRIVATE ENTITY. THINK ABOUT. GOVT GOING PRIVATE DUE TO ITS STUPENDOUS SUCCESS. ANOTHER PROFITABLE ONE IS BURJ KHALIFA LIKE EMPIRE AND EIFFEL TOWER!
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THAT TOURIST MONEY? IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE BY 2020, JUST LIKE CALIFORNIA THIS IS ALSO STALLED FOR NO REASON.
cost of living very high and construction also very high. this is 200 billion dollar but doable.  POUND> DOLLAR EVEN TODAY.
China probably got 1,000km of high speed for the same price as this debacle...and already operational  ... hahahaha
So France and other EU countries can organise high speed trains but the UK or England can’t…why is that.
London bounced back, everywhere else lagged behind. Tut tut you silly northerners.  Who knew that pumping all Englands wealth into making the capital better, would result in it doing better than everyone else? Who knew? So heres the plan, were going to pump EVEN more money into London and the south and hopefully, everyone else can keep up.  Got that? See, simples
It's not a housing crisis. It's an immigration crisis. What we're seeing with HS2 is more of England being turned from a green & pleasant land into an industrial zone. Pop'n increase this century =10m = an extra population size of Portugal mostly squashed into England😮 Legal net migration 745,000 last year thats 6230 new homes needed a week mostly squashed into England. Vote reform
Never in the history of government procurement and capital projects has anything ever been delivered on time or on budget
I’d rather not donate my money to benefits which I will not see. As if it’s the 30 saved-minutes which will bring happiness to the country
Typical England from the Thames Barrier till now. Why not learn from Denmark where Mega Projects are managed and constructed in time and on Price.
The scar of cost will remain for generation of governments where much needed future projects are not contemplated by the painful lessons learnt.
It doesn’t divide, it doesn’t even reach half way up the country.
Meanwhile England is barely able to  buy bread and warm up their house ? UK is confusing
Only in England would they tunnel bore under some fecking trees 😅
A massive project such as this WILL Increase in cost!! It's a natural progression in time vs cost!!...... I can go on but I won't!!! Its bed time!!
Way to go...!
In 2013, I was in London for education and was shocked by its wealth.
By the time their build it, it’s going to be outdated. And governments of which ever party will find another way to get money out for the tax payers. And say it’s progress.
Here's a prophecy, this project will never be completed with the Path UK is on presently.
don't you people have freeways to clog? you should have ran the the high speed rail down the freeway. the right of way is already there, any environmental cost can be blamed on the big fat egos behind the wheel. and as the rubes stuck in traffic  witness the wise pass them by and they can feel like the big babies they are.
I am constantly amazed at human ingenuity and what we're capable to do when we work together, i'm also amazed at some people's minds and the brilliant engineers who make these things happen.I know if it was up to me.We'd all be riding around on horses
NIMBYs making everythinng more expensive oh brother
Considering what happened this video is funny in a very dark comedy way.
They really arent building it anymore billions spent to rip up.peoples back gardens and areas of natural beauty. And they arent even going to give those people their land back. They have a housing estate to look forward to now. Its a disgrace. People who havent heard of tunnels ruining lives.
What would 100 Billion have done for the NHS?
You could not make it up !! after years of being staunchly anti the HS2, the Greens decided to change their tiny minds and are now For the HS2 to be constructed in full. The Greens believe it will get them more votes at the next election, the miserable sods !
Brexit is costing the UK £100 billion A YEAR  !!! And people are moaning about the cost of an upgrade to our infrastructure of a cost of £65 billion. ??  Maybe if we had not voted leave, we could have finished HS2 from Birmingham onwards.  Just a thought.
As again another white elephant the UK is not realy big enough this is another  government vanity project no ordinary folk will not  be able aford the fare  😢
I was interested, but your posing disrupted my interest.
Total waste of money 100 billion could go a long way to NHS HS2 have abused west London now going to do same to Watford one total shit of traffic Jam none stop and total waste of money who ever agreed to this lock them up in the tower
Budget can cut a lot by reusing existing Motorway or Railways Right of Way, and reduce top speed a bit from design. (It will be viaduct, a bit ugly but save a lot).  I guess there are a lot of things that UK need to catch up nearby France for speed so they decide to go "Very Expensive" route using mostly new rights of way. Even in France they don't dig tunnel in the city but TGV will pass through old track reuse existing infrastructure to save cost and people affected.  There will be some capacity problems this way, but also, they can build new freight corridor around the city using other infrastructure rights of way. Even developing country do that, put some viaduct in the middle of the highway for detour line are much more cheaper.
shit project.waste of money and time
You Brits just don't know how to build shxt. Rail and Nuclear... All over budget and delays.
Brits: complain about how bad the public transport is compared to the rest of Europe Also Brits when better transport is being built: nah, we don't want it
The United Kingdom has a lot of old infrastructure and has to modernise! Modernisation is the way forward!!! But unfortunately the British people do not like change and then complain why their life is mostly miserable.
Same people protesting to stop oil are protesting against HS2 electric trains
2 years later well yea...................
If this project can help reduce the carbon footprint and improve the economy then why not. If it won't help in anyways then don't build it, but people must be honest with themselves. Important things like this one shouldn't be done for selfish motives but for the greater good. 😎💯💪🏾👍🏾
笑死
That's a million millions of Chinese Yuan, equivalent to 50 Beijing-Shanghai high-speed rails which is 5 times longer than HS2.
100 billion pounds to knock off 13 - 22 minutes journey time from London to Birmingham is actually criminal and we all deserve our money back. The fact they aren’t going to Leeds anymore is what makes this a complete joke. 100 billion for 13 minutes??? Are we serious
We’ll probably have to get a bus  for the last port of the journey, that’s how the English do things.
As a Chinese, I am shocked by such high fraud for a section of high-speed rail. It seems that the pound is seriously overvalued in the international exchange rate. .
what benefit is getting to london 37 minutes quicker. lots of business  are working remotely so people dont have to go to go a place of work.
For the people saying that the high speed rail in Japan faced similar opposition need to consider that project cost 380 billion Yen, which is equivalent to less than £2 billion. Plus Japan has a much larger population and the cities are further appart. The reason peoole are angry about the HS2 project is because the UK government has no real explanation as to why the project is 50 times more expensive than the Japanese rail system when it doesn't even go as far or travel as fast. The real fact is that there is not a single Brittish taxpayer who wants to spend £100billion on a railway that saves a few hundred people 45 minutes on a trip from London to Birmingham.
And doing it silently.  You guys learn nothing
China builds these in their sleep 😂
One big problem with such Government promoted projects...  Spend $10 to save $1.
Terrifying! But do you, the British people, really buy this propaganda? Building speculation, millionaire dividends, lobbying.. Destruction of the last woods in the UK....
It's all flat, very easy. In Italy where 75% of the territory is mountainous, great engineering was required. A gallery from Florence to Bologna! And then the costs. HSR 2 is not even 200km long, all these billions! Even an initial 40 billion s is too many..Not even the Sicilian mafia is that greedy 😅😅
the completion of HS2 would put england at the top of my vacation list
Government is fullfilling its purpose - wasting money.  They lie about the cost in order to get the project started, then the sky is the limit on costs.
HS2 is both a National scandal and embarassment
That ended well...
Please continue the project. UK needs a mega project to push the country forward for ages but hasn't had any for years. The country is still struggling with income inequality, high property price, disparities of wealth between London and others, and this project is a sound step toward the solution of these problems. Infrastructure is very beneficial for the economy, and the UK already has little or no room left for fickling around while the rest of the world moves forward and leaving it behind. The compensation were made for the displaced houses, and measures were done to alleviate the environmental damages. I don't know what else do people expect. The country is gonna finally have a sounding project, and people still gonna to scrap it away. Please, continue the project, and even better, do it in the full potential, despite the high cost. This country needs it.
lol “hs2 is one of the worlds biggest projets” 😂😂😂 140 miles in a tiny island. Talk about megalomania ..
Here in the USA we would call this a boondoggle. Lots of money, lots of hype and ultimately not much to show for it. Let’s face it is the Londoncentric government ever going to spread the money northwards? Their actions to axe the northern sections answers that question. “We’re levelling up” That translates to filling in a few potholes. Maybe.
*The entire country is about to become London surbubs.*
*Tenez vous prêt à voir le coût de la vie augmenter drastiquement dans chaque ville où ce train passera. En France, à chaque fois qu'une ligne à grande vitesse est construite depuis Paris vers une autre ville, tous les prix augmentent dans cette ville.*
Now they are talking about it costing another extra billion pounds to get it to Euston. The only thing this will do is make it easier for people to work in London.
If you've ever been to Birmingham you know why nobody is in a rush to get there
An extremely well-made documentary. The narrator was talking to the chief executive of HS2 whilst standing behind the building I live in, overlooking the reconstruction of Euston station. I am completely against HS2 and not because I don't like big infrastructure projects but because those in charge were duplicitous and dishonest. Before the project got started in 2012, our neighborhood committee met with HS2 and asked them for plans. They had none and were unwilling to share anything before the parliamentary vote on the project. One of my neighbors, part of this group, was Boris Johnson’s father. When he saw what a mess the project was going be, he promptly sold his house and moved away. One thing that was mentioned in this documentary was that parliament weren't given all the facts before voting on the project. Because if they were, they wouldn't have voted for it. Now we are in a position of having no choice and those that are affected by the project will be so for more than double the years that were planned for construction. I will probably be dead by the time it's completed. HS2 is a study in how not to bring a major project to a country. Time will outpace the benefits of HS2 and in the end, rather than having a well-thought-through projects that benefits all, we will have a very high-priced one, spun to look like it's really great when actually the opposite is true.
It seems like California's HSR might compete with HS2 for the distinction of the most expensive public works project on the planet. In the case of California, litigation can significantly drive up the cost
Never been to England, except on an airport. But I know what an average random person anywhere in the world knows about England: good football. Good tea. Shakespeare. And that thing that you started called the industrial revolution. You guys INVENTED the train. Why is UK at least not in the Top 10 best railways in the world is beyond me. Make it happen, and be proud.
Alas poor HS2 I knew it well .
The United Kingdom's BIGGEST WHITE ELEPHANT EVER!
How is all this going to fit in with the elected WEF and their 15 minute Cities 2030/35 agenda?
Free Masons run London
RIP HS2
Chyna built about 38,000km of high speed rail in the same time and cost that 500km of HS2 was created. It's a joke.  The levels of over engineering are ridiculous. UK engineers are incapable of thinking of simpler much cheaper, or much better solutions. Why are we still building trains that have barely changed since victorian times - we should be going 2000km/h on maglev or beyond by now.
And how much would a return ticket cost from bham to London for the taxpayer once the £100 billion are spent ?
India is building high speed rail line half the length and one tenth of the cost of HS2.
How are they going to generate the power for this train to make it run if it's carbon-free,, the power has to come from somewhere
For all those out there protesting this project and other ones like it in various parts of the world, your cause may very well be worthwhile - of course there will never be universal agreement on that.  But I’ll state this:  practice what the preach; not ONE of you can ride the very train you spent years trying to block when it’s done
I dont really see how it is going to be hs2, if there is no connections with hs2 and you have to spend hourse in London traffic. 😜
Just like the high spped train from LA 2 San Francisco  Stopped overbudget White Elephant 🐘
I think the biggest flaw in the "economic growth" argument is that just because I CAN get to Birmingham a tiny bit quicker why would I want too?   Same with London. I live between them both and frankly have no incentive to go to either city. Birmingham wont get my money(and therefore economic growth) just because I can get there 15 minutes quicker
Yet the pay workers minimum wage
Capitalists just want the capital the substance is just in the way of profit, lets just give the TAX to our mates and see what happens
This aged well.
A focus exclusively on the cost would be appreciated in your next video. Just why has the cost quadrupled?
How many of these have to be built, before they can come up with a correct budget before starting. I suspect they purposely under estimate the cost in order to get it started, and then let the next administration fight the battle.
Tunnels for trees. Ffs
now is the time to look for a financial advisor to help me understand what Government Bond is
It will be like all of our other mega projects, it will end up way over budget, half finished and by the time it's complete will already be obsolete.
Britain...the land of great white expensive elephants. Thanks for wasting my taxes again Parliament.
just found out its only half hour faster this is a joke
millions of £s per second saved in travelling time? And the presenter lets it slip that the connection is to the midlands, and not the NORTH.
If you stopped going on strike for chocolate cookies with your cuppa. Downing tools when you find a different brand of toilet paper after lunch.  Then the cost wouldn't go sky high.  And all the union meetings every week doesn't help.
They don’t care about us in the north
Nothing in UK gets done on time and on budget. HS2 is a total waste of money. It won't make much of a difference in journey time.
lol. just build the goddamn trains
What a waste of our money. Think of what could be done with £100,000,000,000 for health, education, environment, jobs, and business. A massive vanity project at our expense that will benefit the few. The bloody thing only goes half way.
A country full of Luddites
can it pay for itself? does it really reduce pollution? does it increase employment? is there minimal environmental impact? does it improve technological innovation in the uk? Evaluate the results is an ongoing process?
Excellent. Really enjoyed it. Galliel.
Thank you B1M. Your videos are amazing with English projects coinciding with worldwide projects. You have a formula if you will that answers many, many questions. I always look forward to seeing your next films.
Suspicious line?Oil football  clubs in Manchester one of them just bought by local english billionaire  to Rich clubs in LONDON? Very suspicious !What about a line to yo yo  Football team of NORWICH?It is in the East coast and they need oil☢ investment 💰💸too.🤔
A barbarity....destruction of nature...money laundering!
Lol...the UK. Absolute disaster!
Rusia intretests are to block these huge projects. They don t want us to have nice things. I rest my case.
Naive People))) its money for your masters and their chlidrens))
Yeah and a one way ticket from London to Birmingham will only cost £200
Why can't we have new roads built instead. My car tax seems to create potholes 😂
A colosal national embarrassment
The people that say "its a waste of money" are almost always the sedentary people that never plan to venture beyond 5 miles of their house.
NOW £150Million and still RISING and the Manchester extension has been binned. All the properties bought for demolition for this extension are now being Let. Still waiting for reinstatement of the Oxford/Cambridge railway closed by Beeching even though making a profit.
The lack of vision being shown in the comments section is extraordinary. Thank god we still have some of our forefathers spirit in this current generation. “They’ve cancelled the northern section it will only benefit London” => it will get there eventually, London to Birmingham is the first stage of a national network that connects to Europe. Can’t build branches without a trunk. “It’s costing too much money” => it will never be cheaper than now. “Money could be used elsewhere” => investment in the country’s infrastructure is just as important as propping up the NHS money pit or improving social services. We are competing against other countries with sophisticated trading tools such as shipping canals, high speed rail and high speed freight. Without a comparable infrastructure we decline as a trading nation. Decline means less taxes, less money for the NHS, social housing etc.
Ok folks let’s go to the comments section and see what the experts have to say.
As long as it public funded they dont care how much it will cost because it won't cost the goverment anything.
One thing for sure is that if HS2 is expected to cost £100B today it won't ever be any cheaper.   Would linking Glasgow, Manchester and London with high speed train links benefit Glasgow and Manchester? Would the funding for high speed links be better spent on those cities through more local infrastructure projects?   There are construction projects like Crossrail that being way over budget and late is quickly forgotten as it is used regularly by 3.5m passengers a week and at times almost four million.   Infrastructure is what sets countries apart. London would not be the capital it is if it didn't have the underground network. There are many people who are sympathetic towards eco-warriors as they fight against expansion of the UK's motorway network, but they are the same people who are then grateful that the network exists when they travel down to Devon and Cornwall and up to the Lake District.
Now UK knows what China has gone through in building infrastructure.
37  mins is joke will be ban
Snake ban on time
I have just happened on this vid. This is 2023 ticking into 2024, considering the ever increasing cost of rail fares, no mention has been made of which authority will run the HS2 and what they will charge  for a ticket. I hear the same laughable word being used time and time again, ''affordable'', whether it be energy, housing or rail fares, but as yet it is a cynical vague and insulting misuse, that is worthless and more of a fantasy that will never materialise, due to the avarice of power companies and corporations ever increasing crusade for more profit.
Liberals will never be happy and conservatives will always be angry about something 😂
The" people" must investigate the flow of money. Ask: who had gotten rich? A dog is a dog - let's call it what it is - a dog. In turn, this is a modern day gold rush and every man for himself. Taking from the poor and giving it to the "already" rich has always been the plan from the start. The government just need a project to hide the lies and greed.
Great case study 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
We hear all the time about contracts going over budget...isn't that the whole point of a contract but yet they're never enforced.
how much did kovyd cost ?£200BN? plus 50k deaths plus millions suffering from long vakseen.was that worth it to inject bluetooth ID tagging..hs2 is small beans
California is building a better train.
Three hours of the same HS2. It should be scrapped
The main problem in the UK for ANY big infrastructure job, is the constant opposition at every stage of the process even before it starts! and it still does not stop. As a prime example:- Heathrow's 3rd runway(we all know it also needs a fourth) HAS BEEN ON THE BOOKS FOR OVER 50YEARS!!!  think how much it would have cost 50 years ago. China builds its HS trains for £21million per kilometre, The dearest for the rest of the world(not the UK) is £59million per kilometre and thats including tunnels, viaducts and bridges. Where as HS2 £125/135 MILLION PER KILOMETRE. The real crazy thing here, is that the Chinese were asked to build it, they turned it down!! BECAUSE they could see the never ending squabbling would drive up costs astronomically and they did.
As a Scotsman, I have issue with this costing every UK citizen around £1000, when nearly half the population will not see the benefits of this, just as Scotland isn’t a concern to the south, the south is not a concern to Scotland.
Failed to mention the exorbitant costs of public transport in the North of England. I live in the North East on the East Coast Mainline and if I need to go to London at short notice (roughly 220 miles) and therefore need to buy a single to travel, it’s £185. The cheapest advanced single is over £45. If I want to commute from where I live to the nearest big cities (both about half an hour on the train either way) then one will cost me £240 a month and the other costs me £370 a month. They need to subsidise public transport in the North if they want to make it affordable for everyday use and not just for people going on a day out so they can drink and not worry about driving.
They cannot justify the cost now that they are not looting other countries and leaving their people to die creating artificial famines.
this aged like a glass of milk
Just fucking finish it wtf
HS2 on the B1M.
Better than using the money to fund wars
RIP HS2. get rid of rishi sunak
I hope this turns out better than the one in California.
Im so partial on this. I want to support this but it affects me and my family basically being kicked out of Birmingham so Londoners can move in 😢
0:56 "It is just a waste of money. A terrible waste of taxpayers' money." England gets  - Amazing HS2 Railway for  £100 billion   America gets - Ukrainian war extended for £100 billion
Biggest waste of money of all time
People complaining about the HS2, don't seem to have any vision at all.
This is a bad idea.  The people behind this have ZERO imagination abd ZERO depth.  It's already ended for trivial time saving.....
16:00
Hey from Newcastle... The actual North. The rest of this country has no idea how close together they all are.   Also agree with others, why didnt they start building this from Manchester/Leeds and upgrade the northern links first.
And one year from this video was made half of it will not be built and never be finished as its gone over budget again.Crazy money pit.
So how exactly does the UK, the progenitor of trains, for a comparable length of hsr as Paris to Lyon, cost several times more?
😂 what a total joke this project is from the start useless project over priced bad planning bad management over sensitive approach to giving every man and his dog a opinion on the route ect and even if achieved wouldn't be beneficial as it saves 30 mins and as we know doesn't even go into London centre now won't go to Leeds or Manchester total robbery the many who have got back handers and bungs
I realize the Brightline project that recently completed that links Miami Florida with Orlando Florida is, by comparison, a small-scale project.  But it is "high speed" rail service (up to 125mph).  And it is a PRIVATE system.  A company built it, not a government.  Governments aren't in the business of running a business.  They are beholden to no-one.....not even the voters.  Sorry, that's the reality of government.  Private money, beholden to its investors, might be something to consider.  But of course we are talking about the UK, and Europe.  Socialist countries that shun private money, private investment.  Can't have that in a system where you think government is the solution to anything.  So.....y'all are stuck.  So are we on this side of The Pond.  Our futures look bleak.
Responding to this in the aftermath of the recent cancellation of Phase 2: speaking as a Manchester resident, I am positively delighted that HS2 to Manchester has finally been cancelled and it's one of the rare sensible decisions from a government finally grasping the nettle instead of kicking the can down the road.   HS2 was a woeful, misbegotten project right from the word go and it should never have been commissioned.   1)Discounting the statistical anomalies of the microstates like Monaco, the UK is the third most densely-populated country in Europe, behind only Belgium and the Netherlands (both of them still comparatively tiny places). England on its own is the second most dense country in Europe. There was simply never any call for high-speed rail lines in a small, heavily-congested country like ours where the trains would only ever reach top speed for tiny fractions of the journey. Our rail network is often compared unfavourably to the high-speed lines in France and Spain, but France is more than twice the size of the UK while Spain is Europe's 20th most densely populated country. They have longer distances to cover and less people and property to uproot and displace.   2)HS2 is pointless from the outset because it doesn't connect to HS1. Half the reason for making HS2 "HS" to begin with was so that it could tie the UK into the continental high-speed network - it's essentially a European programme in concept. Yet for any European businessman who we're hoping to attract beyond London, his "welcome to Britain" moment is a half-mile trudge in the rain down from St. Pancras to Euston.   3)All the northerners complaining about being "second class citizens" and "abandoning the North", you  have got this backwards. You should frankly be THANKING the Government. HS2 would never have "regenerated the north", all it would have done is been a sap that drains yet more economic activity down to London. Has the TGV made France less centred on Paris? Express lines with no regional/local stops serve no-one except to bring the terminus towns into the capital's commuter belt.  4)HS2's boast that it would improve capacity is overrated - as a grotesquely expensive, horrendously financially incontinent project, tickets would inevitably be massively expensive and the trains would be leaving half-empty, it would never have used to optimal levels and would not have taken much pressure off other lines. Inevitably there would have to be enormous levels of government subsidy to try and cheapen the tickets and fill the trains - yet more horrible waste of money that's urgently needed elsewhere in this crumbling country.   5)Good GOD was the project badly managed - infinite state-funded waste at its most egregious. Even if Phase 2 to Manchester is revived again at a later state, HS2 Ltd. as a company needs to be taken out back and shot and the project needs to be completely rebooted from the ground up with proper oversight and financial control.   That HS2 would have been a big bright shiny new toy for trainspotters to play with is not enough to justify it. Most of the apologists for HS2 make a big deal about the scale of the project, the technology of the trains - like this very video which starts out gushing about how it's "the biggest infrastructure project in the world" - as if we dig holes in the ground for their own sake. I don't care how polished the bogeys are, what problem does it actually solve?   The damage HS2 has already done is bad enough, at least with the cancellation of Phase 2 it can't do any more. I could be persuaded for the need for new rail lines but a new railway could have been built in half the time for a tenth of the cost, with much less environmental damage and more useful servicing of provincial towns, if we had just laid a standard track for normal trains. HS2 was always as ludicrously overengineered as building a nuclear reactor to power a desk lamp. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
This should of continued, the issue was it was over budget and kept getting stalled by farmers who persisted on their lands being bought by government. The main issue was political stubbornness with the organisation involved in HS2, my dad was involved as a Cost Engineer and when his contract expired boss called him said he's sorry. My dad went, don't be sorry, i'm happiest ive been in long time since working there. He tried suggesting changes in the meetings there was no listening as people don't want to change from their old ways. Its a pragmatic and ideal project which needs to continue and eventually complete as we need infrastructure in the UK. Train network is so outdated, its a joke. In the UK to those appose well go ride a bike but a country needs to travel infrastructure which we are lacking severely.
Scrapping the Manchester leg is an absolute scandal.
Why did you fail to metion congestion on the roads and motorways M5 M6 M40/42 M1 etc? This is a long term project as a driver I support the building of more rail lines that will be more direct to town and cities across the uk. This is a long overdue project to connect the uk since the beaching axe. Project apt was trashed by the press the HST class 43 was built making a healthy profit only problem no high speed routes to run it and the government never invested into the train stock to build the capacity. All thanks to OIL!
The UK contributes less than 1% to global co2 emissions. If overnight the UK dissapeared it would literally have no effect on global climate change or emissions. If you think communist China takes any notice of UK public policy you are either a dreamer or insane.
Go and read up the problems and costs for the Twin Towers in the 60's . Then it found flaws at the truck bombing in the 90's  . People get riled up by the media looking for stories. Who hasn't done a House reno thats gone exactly to plan ?Cmon  reality people . Dont let the Murdoch House run the country
Go and see what The Chinese do . They just barrel through peoples farms , shortcut and rort the material , skim money off the budget and end up with something that vibrates anyway. Your media has Murdoch media just looking for the controversies when they have the same issues with ineptitude inside their doors
Theyre scrapping the northern leg of hs2 unbelieveable
H2S
Such a wonderful project, of course the modern Tory’s destroyed it.
But wasn't the intent was to unite the North with the South rather than dividing them?
Came here to say RIP to HS2 I just hope a successive government restarts it and actually gets it going again in the future.
Should have been built in the 80s as a maglev country wide network funded by the profits from North Sea oil.
It doesn't really cost all that much. It's just that it's in the news and so they put the price up a bit more. Plus there's politicians involved. Because their necks are on the line they opt for the design thst has the fewest risk and that costs more. Plus the politicians give it to their rich drinking buddies so they can get richer.
The best bit of hs2 is not having to use an avanti service
A complete waste of money in the UK , if the whole thing had been given the green light it would have been over 200bn and not completed until 2046 !!!!   And by 2046 it would possibly have been nearer 300bn.  The whole thing should have been scrapped .
Reading these comments knowing it’s been cancelled is tragic
All I hear is 100 Billion for saving 30 mins of your time... i dno about that
the uk is now a 3rd world country that needs assistance to complete infrastructure projects 😂😂
every eu state is required to have a dubious rail project to extort citizens and relieve peasants of their property
This aged well
Israel was there first. 12,000 years ago. Before Islam was a thing.
What do you expect from a government that elects nobody’s with no brains and leaves the nation with no choice in it
i remember in 2020 when my family was going through some hard times and we sadly had to rehome our nans dogs we took them there and were disappointed to see that the dogs open space was consumed by 1/3 of the HS2 project and also the fact of the greenery thing with the forests as well
It doesn’t bring a country together. It brings London and Birmingham, two of the most already connected and convenient cities in the country together. Bringing the country together would be investing in equitable and faster rail for the whole country.
English trains much slower...only 60mils of HS lone in Britain. Roma to Bologna 2h...Paris to Marseille 3h 780km....yes its nearly 500miles in 3h
well this aged well
Rishi Sunak cancelling the Manchester connection is the ultimate betrayal of the north
This is a great presentation of uk hs2. It appears that it suffers from overpromising and under cost estimates.  As I was watching I was struck be the similarities with California's high speed rail. It's so parallel that one could almost just change place names between the projects. It too has relied on a concept of being too big a sunk cost to abandon. If and when it is considered complete it will probably be 10x over the original cost estimate,  run at 60 percent promised speed and serve far less cities than promised. And it will take 3x the promised completion time. If the reality of the project was presented to voters it would never have been approved.
Oh dear, what you call 'egg on your face' What an absolute cockup of a project and criminal waste of taxpayers money 😡
What the point in it just going to Birmingham? I could drive there in no time from London
This didn't age well!
400 Billion the Furlough scheme cost, so I wouldn’t worry about it.
This hasn't aged well..
The railway started in Britain
Japan - Shinkensen Maglev 505 km/h, 286km track length (90% of which are tunnels) at $64bn (Phase 1), from Tokyo to Nagoya. Construction began 2014 > 2027 (phase 1) *$223m per km and laying 22km of tracks per year* (90% of which are tunnels)  UK - HS2 360km/h, 215km track length (103 km of which are tunnels) at £35bn to £45bn (Phase 1), from Euston (or Commons Oak) to Birmingham.  Construction began 2017 > 2033 (Phase 1) *£209m per km and laying 13.43km of tracks per year* (48% of which are tunnels)  Only UK knew how to make trains going on a *U-turn*.  "Built all of it" and reap the benefit or nothing at all (said by one Northern Mayor),  now, London to Birmingham is nothing but a "rich man's toy" project by cancelling all northern routes for Manchester and Leeds.
Very good. The British have looted india using railways for centuries. I hope this destroys a portion of Britain's economy with sub par results. Karma hits back
This video didn't age well.
The cost and time required to build this thing is ridiculous. It's both a damning indictment of our ability to get things done, and testament to our considerate approach to big projects where all views get airtime, everyone's needs are considered. Special interest groups can really hold things up because it doesn't sit comfortably with Britons to force things through. In many other countries, concerns would be dismissed. Cheaper, quicker, with consideration of the needs of the affected.
All the road and rail projects promised by Conservatives in the 2019 Conservative Party manifesto that did not happen are now promised again even though some of these projects were cancelled by the same politicians that now celebrate these projects promised funding.  Labour will reinstate HS2 as a vanity project to reduce travel times for MPs, Peers and Elected Mayors into London whilst regional railways will have budget cuts.  Labour will scrap regional rail funding to fund HS2 and West Yorkshire including Leeds will be denied a tram or tram train system by Labour Government again.  Expensive HS2 rail for the few not the many that will reduce existing rail capacity.
Once again.... Britain upstages our best efforts.  THIS is how you totally fuck up a Bullet Train Line!
Aged like milk (great contnet as ever but this died)
It won't be a north-south gap. More like 2 separate countries. Your have to get papers out at the border. The supreme leader will not want us northern scum have hope of equality. Dangerous.
Who's back to watch this after Rishi Sunak just annouced it's only going upto Birmingham lol
They cancelled phase 2 😂
This didn't age well....
Can you do an update?
This aged well...
And now it got canceled 😂
Now I realise of course that tunnels are expensive, but given the compulsory purchase and environmental costs as well as a less than direct route, I wonder if anyone ever looked at putting almost the whole thing underground? A cost exercise now on such an alternative would be quite interesting.
f they have run out of money well at least finnish the rail connections to the nearset point open a  station there and in the near future carry on with extending it. makes scence.
It’s not even going ahead anymore
Should be renamed!  TGT, The Gravy Train
Also known as the Birmingham to nearly London line,.
Starting to sound like it won’t even reach Euston. What a joke the UK has become.
God damn travesty that was going to rip apart Staffordshire. Thank God its been cancelled. Good old Sunak.
easier way to spread immigrants throughout the country, no thanks. keep london walled
and now its cancelled. Short-sighted decision by a cowardly PM desperately clutching to power.
aaaand its been scrapped
London to Birmingham wont make much of a difference, but if they keep going and eventually get it to Scotland then it will make good sense, In Japan they started from Osaka to Tokyo. But little by little it kept growing and now its from one end of the country to the other and its well appreciated. Edinburugh to London in a straight line is 332 miles. Tokyo to Osaka is 315 miles . Tokyo to Osaka by Shinkansen takes  2.5 to 3 hours. Now that would be well worth having in the UK and would improve the economy in the North.
A pointless waste of public money to make certain people rich.
This aged well.
It sounds like a car crash of an idea. How much will tickets costs especially for a family? If driving remains cheaper, people will still drive. Trains are too expensive
And now it’s been axed by desperate Rishi
ITS ALL A LIE...BS TO KEEP CERTAIN PEOPLE EARNING MONEY...AT PUBLIC EXPENSE..FROM 10BN TO 200BN  MORE MONEY THEN SENSE....    SPREADING THE WEALTH IS ONLY FOR THE BUILDERS AS THEY RIP OFF THE COUNTRY...
And now most of it is cancelled
HS2 = absolute bloody insanity and EVERYONE involved with it should be banned from projects for the rest of their lives.   This is the most basic problem that idiots STILL cannot grasp:  There are two types of national demographics - dense and sparse.  Japan has the Shinkensen.  BUT Japan is a series of very large population centres with virtually nothing in between.  Ride from Tokyo to Hokkaido and it’s all mountains.  It’s a 1,300km ride from a city of 37 million to a city of 5 million with almost nothing in between.   France has the TGV,  800km from Paris (population 11 million) to Marseilles (population almost 1 million) with not a lot in between. The middle of France is empty!    The UK isn’t like that!  It’s city after city, it’s dense population is evenly spread.  A very fast train is bloody useless.  How come I know this and a bunch of overpaid morons dont?
This conservative government have again showed that they cannot be trusted with the future of this country.  They cannot even support promises made by their previous governments.  It is a bit like only building half a ship for the defence of the country.  A brand new stealth aircraft without engines.  It appears that they only understand the economics of the South/South East of England  (Don't put the South West in this equation).  Don't talk to me about value projects.  Where is the value governments who can't even carry a project all the way through, despite being promised by their predecessors.  Look forward to a long time in opposition.  This will be one of your legacies, you can't EVEN complete a long term project.  "I can no longer hear what you say for what you are!"
Felt like a good day to revisit this…
Cancelled!!!! Next
And HS2 has been cancel.
And then it wasn't.! If the government ever had any intention of completing the project would it not have been sensible to start from both ends and meet in the middle was the north always going to be sacrificed.? Just saying.!
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
WELP
The root problem is they chose to make the line 400km/h instead of 300km/h. So the track has to follow a very straight path which is expensive.
HS2=16BillionTheift!
I won't do much for blue collar workers across the country, they won't see much benefit and probably the only thing they will see is the BILL; because they'll be paying for it for yours.
RIP HS2
i love how every single video you upload without fail you identify government projects to be the problem and even your whole conclusion in the end was that once you're deep in it, you cant stop, but you never manage to think one more step and to realise that this collectivistic way of governing is the fault. no matter if democracy or socialism, the problem is the government.
"and one day beyond"
Well this aged like fine milk
With climate change why is no one concerned about the potential loss on the line between Exeter and Newton Abbot?
In my opinion, any kind of Highspeed Rail connecting a first world country is just a good idea. Even if it costs a fortune.
it makes me laugh that people keep citing Japans success in building their high speed railways, they didnt pay their workers half as much as we pay ours and they work at twice the speed often overnight with a workforce consisting of thousands of well managed people, this is going to be a long hard slog in the UK costing billions.
Complete waste of time. Will be far too expensive for most people to use regularly and presumably as unreliable as the rest of the UK rail network.
It's a sunk cost fallacy
Why Indonesia build her 300Km train only spent Us 730 million dollars? And only takes 8 yrs to build？Is it a magic?
Calling woodland from the 1600s "ancient" is ridiculous. We cut them all down in the first place to build ships, that's why 1600s is "ancient". Just plant some more trees elsewhere to make up for it.
Take your time with it fellas. Nobody's in a rush to get to London anyway. We'd Probably get st@bbed there for sneezing
What we get now is industrial strike action.
This aged well.
Why is nobody talking how expensive are such trains in a maintenance. China has build those trains and entire infrastructure and now it consumes a lot from their budget. Trains are no longer profitable. It is not only building it. It is the yearly cost of running everything around it. If people of Manchester and London want to have such luxury transport, why they don't finance it themselves instead of forcing entire nation to cover it from the taxes both for building it and for maintaining it afterwards for decades. The answer is they would not pay for it, but it is easy to spend everybody else money in time of crisis and inflation. That is pure hypocrisy or absolute lack of knowledge about any basic economy and maintenance. I hope HS2 will be scrapped and will never be build. Those   money should go towards education for our kids, not for exclusive group of adults that can't be asked to travel like everyone else.
At least you will have a working high speed rail line in the end. In the Netherlands we built the most expensive tram line in the world for 1,5 BN and it doesn't even work properly.
This thing is ridiculous now, a full on sunk cost fallacy. If it doesn’t continue to the North, the entire length should be abandoned immediately. With that money we could have completed electrification for Bristol and Swansea, probably to Exeter and up to Birmingham and massive infill projects across the North.
Carbon free travel, with Millions of Tons of Concrete, Millions of gallons of Diesel. We need another Cromwell because we have a Dictatorship!
Yes they do. We have no say in Government, all policy comes from The UN via the cabinet office! This is just about making money, destroying countryside and ticking the' "we can still do this"! box.  The Chinese can build a station in 9 hours, on that showing if they built HS2 they would have finished the railway and the bridge to Iceland! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtEQCOlGqr0
Right up the heart of ENGLAND, not Britain.
its a joke  ill never need it who will? an elite few that's who
Watching this September 2023 and it's all gone predictably tits up
There is a difficulty that HSR is rail and maglev is the future likely with double wide and triple level cars traveling at a good fraction of the speed of sound.   This is reasonable development to start by 2045.   This sizing covers a great deal of applications.  Since the 1840s when double track UK railways were designed to occasionally carry double width carriage using the inner rails over double the standard loading gauge has been an attempted ability.    In a mixed passenger cargo configuration eight meter wide three level maglev trains the first level would likely not be continues between the cars and be a bit noisy due to the maglev motors.  It is sized in width to allow typical automobiles to drive-on-drive-off perpendicular from the sides with enough space around the parked cars for people to walk around them inside the maglev cars.   This configuration allows cargo containers to quickly be loaded and unloaded simultaneously from the sides of the maglev cars.     The second and thirst levels would be continues luxury passenger space with vista dome roof sections for passenger to see forward watching the scenery.  This large format maglev passenger train would provide a given number of passengers more comfort in trains 1/4 the length of popular passenger trains of today that stretch out many city blocks.  Cargo only maglev cars would allow large assemblies to be moved overland over great distances easily creating a different and likely better world.
The capital outlay is huge, but the true economic cost is much much higher if these things are not done. It is nice to slow down in the world, but people just end up getting in their cars, and getting stuck in traffic. This has proven to NOT be a solution by any metric.
And sadly, as we know now in September 2023, the HS2 is not going to go into the centre of London at Euston, but will terminate at Old Oak Common. It is also not going into the centre of Birmingham and is not going on to Manchester or any of the other originally planned destinations at all. What an absolute farce and what an incredibly expensive one.
One extremely rare thing Boris Johnson had was vision and it’s so hard to find in most politicians.
Where's the Shetland Isles gone?
Good to see that Glasgow & Edinburgh are no longer in the UK.
Well well well, a year on and this video has aged well. Another example of the UK showing the rest of the world how to fail miserably. From gas cooled reactors, to 50 years of weak and overpriced military projects, crappy and grossly outdated and overcapacity infrastructure. Roads, railways, schools, hospitals, ports, airports, power plants, all overpriced and below par. Cheap post war housing and public building reconstruction never replaced, destitute water, irrigation and sewer systems, a demoralised, greedy, unmotivated and resentful population. Way way way overpriced for just about anything. An awful class system that's survived and thrived into the 21st century. Since the end of WW2 the UK has been a tragic failure, a slow sinking ship and if the last 10 years has proven anything it's that even fooling anyone outside the country otherwise has now also failed.
more projects like this than supporting foreign wars with aid with people who don't know anything about us
Orkney is applying to leave, Scotland wants anoher referendum, Manchester wants a ralway- sees the further you get from London, the less you like the country of London, um, the capital of, nevermind.
This doesn’t sound like a waste to anyone else? How much co2 emissions is this line preventing? Can we do something else with that 100B $?
Opposition to this and the difficulties in construction and funding are just indicative of where the UK is these days - stuck in the past thinking about square miles of forest, obsessed with whether we're just good enough rather than pushing to do things the best. High speed links between the far north and deep south of the UK, even Ireland, should have unanimous support, let alone a short link between Birmingham and London.
Excellent explanatory presentation. Well done, thank you.
Once it is finally built and all the politicians and contractors have gorged on the overspend and lined their pockets we will find that the tickets to travel on it will be expensive and out of the price range of a lot.
It is expensive to build HS2 now but to do it in 50 years it would be considerably more expensive. It will definitely be worth it in the long run. 👍
There are so many other things that would have been better to do. 125 MPH is fine for a small country like the UK, improving and electrifying existing lines to make them, so most long distance trains can actually travel at 125MPH without delays would have a far higher economic and environmental gain.
Since the beginning of the modern world major infrastructures have been shouted against.. Londons first sewer system took parliament to suffer the terrible stink to allow it to go ahead. HS2 in my opinion is right for the country and in years to come people will look back and ask what all the shouting was about. In a modern world we need a good reliable rail system like France and Spain have got.
Nothing but a travesty
You seem to have forgotten the Chiltern Line that runs from London to Birmingham and also that levelling up was sold as people and businesses benefitting from the line. I.e. Londoners being able to buy property outside London and yet commuting into London was never included in the prospectus.  Your video is very poor and biased.
I'm pretty sure that no country that has hsr has ever regretted building it. I'm glad at least that both parties agree it should be built.
Tax payers Including the Welsh and Scots, but the rail line goes nowhere near Wales or Scotland.
Boris Johnson's father received 4 million for his house.
You mention UK cities a lot when it is English cities.
You can't make an omlet without cracking an egg!
7:45 you have literally just admitted that people in (for example, Birmingham) won't have to live in a more expensive areas (ie: London) to do business there. Thereby sucking more investment INTO LONDON AND NOT "CHEAPER" AREAS OF THE UK. HS2 should NEVER have been started from London; there are already THREE train lines between the capital and Birmingham! How many are there between cities in the North?
Let the HS2 users pay for the entire project in THEIR ticket price  and keep the price of mass transit down so that more people can afford a rail ticket.
Great video! It would be a good day if the USA was to invest in these types of railways, but alas, oil 🦅
however citizens can benefit today with large infrastructure projects with the construction jobs needed along with the admin support jobs etc so it is a bit tongue in cheek to say that only future generations benefit
The issue for Britain is that before 1947s these massive projects used to be funded by looted money from India and other colonized nations, against the will of their people, so the British govt. didn't really care. This caused massive famines in India, such as 12 major famines and hundreds of smaller ones causing the deaths of 100s of millions of Indians but not to British apathy. Today's British policy makers are unable to come to grip with the realization that this isn't the era of colonization and therefore harder to let go of colonial hangover. Projects like HS2 are supposed to save 20 minutes in journey time. Please give me a break. There are bigger priorities at the moment.
The majority of people who oppose hs2 are probably the same people who voted brexit
capitalism is ruining our ociety mother fuckers. we togheter we can stop it and make a goood socialist and fair life 4 everyone . not only for richest / company or people with power
I'd love to see a follow-up vid to this, if the project does run into trouble now then it would work as a fascinating study, regardless of your view on the initial idea and the parties involved.
10:56 "The Elected UK government" ?!? The gov is not ellected but picked by the low chamber MPs 👌 The gov represent the majority of those MPs not the direct majority of the voters 🥂 Plus, the fact that England hold the majority there means other countries of UK just have to follow 😢
Absolute waste of money.. To much destruction for very little gain
We have some of the best engineers in the world. And their building a 220km that's fucking slow compared to other countries. We should be striving for better. We should be expecting the best. If they can't deliver that. Goodbye
To decrease costs of housing by spreading density to diluting populationb via mass transit ?? Perhaps encouraging aborting ,birth control, and reduction of population might be a more thought. Increase of former colony populatuons may be coming,increasing need and input of more novel innovations.
hahah carbon free travel, just look at the size of this project and all the steel , equipment and manufacturing thats involved, the carbon foot print from something this massive will never get payed off
HS2 is expensive because 75% are consultancy feeeeeeeees
HS2 is just like every other fanciful "project" that Boris Johnson has ever green lighted.  A complete waste of a huge amount of tax payer money, and ultimately be more damaging to the UK than any benifits it may bring.  And those benifits will only be utilised by relatively very few people, yet we all pay for it.  Very much just like Brexit.
No houses will be psuehd higher than ever in the coutnry as people with the bucks form the city move out.
They build this and screwed the coutnries power with the green stupidity . They wil ahve fast trains and blackouts and food hassles and be a spent nation wrecked by the gloablists. The palnned globalsit train wreck is coming for the whole western world
It will never get finsished. The real cliamte driven by the sun, low magentosphere , and the chance of solar flares affecting us more than ever will emans we will be finally be hit bt its russian roulette
Well this hasn't aged well ..
We were the first with tilting trains, but they were mothballed as they werent reliable enuff an kept breaking down. Due to cost cutting corners.  Now we have to rely on other countries for the tech.  Britain leads the way, but often falls at the first fence.  The scheme is already being pulled back, limited to certain areas (bypassing Wales)  The "great" in Great Britain", no longer applies...
Remember kids the government doesn’t want you to be able to go more than a few blocks from your house
Slow trains can't run properly - fuc*ing waste of money.
carbon neutral travel is nonsense, because they don't bring carbon dioxide back in the ground to compensate the carbon that was released by building the trainroad, tunnels etc.. and next to that, the energy has to come somewhere. Winturbines are not carbon neutral, because they had to build the windturbines first. Solar panels are also not carbon neutral. It's all nonsense.
Why should the Northern Study cost £100 million ?  That amount does seem outrageous, I would like to see more justification for that pricing estimate. Sounds to me like 75% profit..
Your best production to date, a truly excellent and informative report.  We have first class engineering talent in this country and we don't use it properly.  When we do things like HS2 and Hinckley happen.  What's essential is that the momentum must be maintained. We continually lurch from project to protect with huge gaps in-between and we end up loosing our skill base to overseas endeavours.  We have so much old and crumbling infrastructure that needs repairing, replacing or rebuilt.  I wish the government )of which ever flavour) would create a national infrastructure plan that's sees us adopting a rolling programme of investment in our country.
This project made a bit of sense in 2010 when it was signed off, but in an age of remote working and electric cars this entire project is a complete waste of time and taxpayers money, and has been officially labelled unachievable by the govts own infrastructure watchdog. Meanwhile the local rail networks which are used daily by commuters are underfunded and crumbling..
Lmao at people comparing Shinkansen with HS2. Mental.
Simple answer for this is the Simpons " The Monorail Song":   Well, sir, there's nothing on earth Like a genuine, bona fide Electrified, six-car monorail What'd I say? Monorail What's it called? Monorail That's right! Monorail Monorail Monorail Monorail I hear those things are awfully loud It glides as softly as a cloud Is there a chance the track could bend? Not on your life, my Hindu friend What about us brain-dead slobs? You'll be given cushy jobs Were you sent here by the Devil? No, good sir, I'm on the level The ring came off my pudding can Take my pen knife, my good man I swear it's Springfield's only choice Throw up your hands and raise your voice Monorail What's it called? Monorail Once again Monorail But Main Street's still all cracked and broken Sorry, Mom, the mob has spoken Monorail! Monorail! Monorail! Monorail! Mono, d'oh!
There is no show like this show. It is a godsend and a present for all railfans, train lovers, and railroad buffs. I believe that Germany has advanced technologies that other countries can purchase.
Anyone opposing high speed rail projects is a blithering imbecile and should be publicly ridiculed on sight.  You know what's a terrible waste of taxpayer money? The ungodly amounts of our money that are used to subsidise the airline and oil industries.
now this is the perfect spot for Elon and the Boring co.
As Indonesian, i still confused why USA and the UK were so stubborn to build hsr and even seems to not prioritise building High speed train while also always saying "it waste of money" or other reason that usually doesn't even makes sense. I will give you example from my own country Indonesia, now Indonesia have our first high speed train that connect 2 biggest city on western part of Java island (Jakarta and Bandung), and journey that usually take 3 hrs or even more with car using highway btw and not just regular road, now with high speed train it's only take 40 minutes. You know what western media always say when the project still on construction? They say Indonesian were on debt trap because we partner with China, Indonesia wasting money building HSR and etc, And now the HSR here, people in Indonesia where exited because they can travel more comfortable and faster, not just that, the HSR station are connected with other public transport like regular intercity train, Local train, feeder train, LRT and many more. people here already feeling the difference and benefits from it. And not just that, Japan and China already proof that HSR were more efficient for moving people and profitable for the region that being served by the HSR. Because the idea of HSR is not to make the high speed train it self profitable, but to make the region can grow much faster and boost the wealth of people on that region.
Varför behöver vi detta, om vi ska bo i 15min. städer 🤷‍♀️
Well look at the shinkansen the bullet train in Japan in 1964 when it started it carries the equivalent of the entire population of the planet every year so yes we need hs2
Good luck UK, any deploment has its own prices. I am sure for future reasons this project is right one regardless of cost. ❤
High speed rail is awesome; however, why allow a centralized monopoly to forcibly extract ~$2,000 from each citizen to pay for a poorly run project that, ostensibly, has the purpose of providing a positive economic benefit? If it’s so positive, then why not let private companies do it with private money obtained by mutual consent?
We have machinery where you press buttons to fabricate bridges and tunnels and it's at record breaking cost.  100 years ago would have been built a 20th of the cost using manual labour.
Huh it seems like HS2 has a lot of the same problems as CAHSR but sort of flipped around in the US our lines arent full they are left in disrepair and owned by private railroads like BNSF, CSX, Union Pacific, And Norfolk Southern who refuse to upgrade them and the average joe wants HSR but most people in government dont want to pay for it (except for biden)
imagine paying for a new rail to then pay more money to take a faster train...
Japan has had this since 1964 and much larger. You can’t possibly understand how HS2 will benefit the UK unless you have been to Japan and used that incredible railway system. I wish it would go as far North as Glasgow. We are so far behind.
Total and utter waste of money.  Just think what £100,000,000,000 could have been used for.
"A town called Crewe" ???
I thought the whole idea of this plan was to connect the north with south to cut time  it looks as though it's just a south project with Manchester involved .  well I am sorry to say .  but there's not only Manchester in North  . what about Newcastle and Scotland so we up north have being f***ed over yet again . why didn't they start at Scotland  and work their way down to London I bet they wouldn't of scrapped that part of the project it doesn't matter how much it cost
Why make it high speed? That makes it more expensive.
It is a joke. Flights from London to Manchester are half the price of a train. Hiring a car is also cheaper and there s no need for airport taxis on arrival or departure.
The moment you mention "other governments having this same problem" I cringed knowing this was going to be a CA HSR dig. I wish the west coast of the US could be a better example for infra projects.
Remember Concord?
The central line was built late in the 1800’s . Now disused. Why.
All this for a country who is barely larger than the state of Michigan? Jesus it only take an hour to drive across from coast to coast.
There has already been too much time and money sunk into this project to stop now! If it is stopped, the taxpayer will have already sunk too much tax money to finance a worthless eyesore of a permanently unfinished project for the work already done on it.
honestly despite being incredibly expensive, this not only has massive benefits for the people but that 100 billion isnt going into nothing much of that spending will flow back into the economy through the workers that contribute to it and the companies that build it. Investing large into sustainable infrastructure should be a no brainer as long as the benefits are good and the maintenance isn't too expensive.
Biggest waste of money ever. Once again north of Manchester being ignored. Typical Southern government only caring for the south. SCUM!
LOLLLLLLLLLLL because general public really need to get from london to manchester faster every day instead of travelling locally faster every day where it actually makes an economical and environmental difference. For f&#k sake why not better connect the places that need it in East Anglia and the South West
One point not often made is the impact on journey times might not be positive for many.  I live 3~4 miles from the route of HS2, and 2 miles from the current main line. I can get a train to London in ~91 minutes (current timetable). But using HS2 would mean getting to Birmingham and changing there. This is likely to take significantly longer than the saving in time on the HS2 section of the journey.  However, will the current service continue at its current rate, or will our current direct link get slower?  There is the possibility that there will be a direct link on the current network from my local station using HS2 stock, moving on to the HS2 network towards Birmingham. If this happens (how likely this is I am unsure, given the promise of a direct service through the channel tunnel never happened) this might counter the loss, but I suspect the result for us (and most of Staffordshire / Cheshire) will be no gain in journey time over current services, but a significant rise in costs to pay for HS2.  It is a pity that in the 1960s parts of the main railway network (such as the Great Central Railway) were closed.
"we DEMAND you make it more eco friendly" "sure but that'll increase the cost by a LOT" <suprised pikachu face>
So we build a new railway at great expense then sell or lease it to foreign investor who takes all the profits in huge bonuses. Sounds about right.
This must be the biggest waste of money ever.
Basically London and Birmingham get brand new Train Stations and a high speed system whilst the actual North of England, especially the North East and Lincolnshire get fucked over again. I mean Lincolnshire doesn't even have a motorway and the North rely on the A1/M1. Priorities are certainly not in order.
As a Canadian, I can safely say at least your government is putting in an effort to connect your country. It's a nightmare here, I spend easily 10k+ in gas a year within the GTA, as do most of my collogues. If I decided to visit family elsewhere I'm spending an additional 60 - 100$ and 1.5 - 2 hours without traffic.  Count yourselves lucky that you have infrastructure already and they're going to improve it.
Seems like brexit has not helped at all
It's only across England not the UK, not even the length. Waste of money as such a small country with only limited time saving. Tickets are already the most expensive in the world. People won't pay even more to save a few minutes
Follow the money ....
Nice 🥰
Would still be cheaper than heathrow express
There is nothing in Birmingham or Manchester, just immigrants and most illegal. Nobody will be able to afford a ticket for arriving 37 minutes quicker. It's a circus.
The project should be suspended as the UK is bankrupt. You couldn't make it up.
If the ecotards had their way, we would still be living in caves.  They should be banned from using it once it's complete.
We are jealous
The problem isn't simply that people are opposed to new infrastructure - the UK desperately needs new infrastructure. The problem is that this is a service which is essentially designed to move wealthy people around slightly faster. It will increase house prices where people are already struggling, and the project has already torn up precious landscapes in doing so. It is not a project designed to help the vast majority of people, but has put a huge burden on the taxpayer in an age of austerity and wage increases below inflation (when they happen at all).  The fact is that there are better ways that the money could have been spent to improve services for more people, in a more sustainable way. Improving East-West transport links would be a start. The existing network could have been upgraded (yes with significant disruption, but in the long-term it would be more sustainable and have less impact).
So the ban on flight under 2 hours was that flights under 2hrs in the air or driving
Australia has completely flat land almost all over the land and some of the slowest trains in the world. We need some of this to get the roads light of traffic.
We know it's going to keep going through to Dundee in the end. It might take forever but it's got to happen one day.
Perhaps it is time for UK to build some public transportation infrastructure. The railway network in UK is about on par with the railway network of Kazakhstan ("the biggest exporter of potassium") only it scores worse in terms of the ratio population/km railway, almost 4 times worse... and it is not much better in terms of what percent of it is electrified.
the problem is  that its expensive and people are not compensated  fairly  if they stand on the way, specially those affected by it, they need to be compensated  properly , meanwhile others get super rich from it, some will be extremly lucky to live next to hs2 station . Majority of people will benefit a minority will have to suffer sadly. and the gov knows this, they prefer to work for the majority than minority
As a brit I am looming forward to HS2. Anyone opposed is probably the same kind of stupid that made Brexit happen.
Eu entendi e acredito irmao Eduardo!!🙌🙏
Its funny to me that people opposed to these kind of projects are the same kind of people that say there shoulnt be a maximum on how much we spend  "green" projects. to "save the world"
This should be compared to India's high speed rail. After 5 years only 10km of track built.
China built 42000 kms of high speed rail and all trains. get on with.
All good intentions and ideas with zero thought put behind it. You solve the energy crisis FIRST before ambitious and expensive endeavors like this
now is the time to look for a financial advisor to help me understand what Government Bond is
France and Germany have high-speed rail systems - on land...why does England want to make thngs more expensive and put it all undergroound ??? It may well take another 15 years and become obsolete when it opens...better get some AI to figure things out...
... so, eminent domain is not a thing in the UK? 14:10
You’ve got 100m people in a relatively small area with one of the longest histories in the world. How do people expect to progress the country and infrastructure without some damage to historic buildings or land. If the reasoning of “Don’t chop old trees” applied to everywhere, most if not all building would be halted. Similarly, if you can’t build on new land because it’s old Earth you could just build where existing old buildings are. However now the Human history is in the way and that’s also as bad. Gotta bite the bullet and some history has to become just that, history, if a place like the UK is to advance in anyway.
Judging by the massive infrastructures the Victorians built,, railways and canals, They would have had this rail line completed within 10 years and at a fraction of the cost !
I would raather we just imptove on what we have by increasing capacity/efficiency/lowering cost. Im in the north east and getting to london takes 2 and a half hours, thats fine, quicker would be nice but not important. Make it half the cost at the same speed and id be happier
accounting for earth's curvature? no never heard about that one
Here's a cray cray idea... live closer to where you work, not a different city 2½ hours away! Work remotely more. I guarantee most of the people travelling don't actually need to in order to perform their job and simply go to an office to sit in a cubicle alone for most of the day. They can do that at home in their jim-jams!
Any need to commute for your job just adds to the drudgery of life. If politicians were serious about 'levelling up' they'd take steps to stop the UK being 'London centric'.
It's an extension to the scalar mind control grid it's a train for your brain🔻〰️🐍🦎😉
3:26 225 mph = 360 kph Please please please put both metric and imperial on screen when you're talking numbers 😔 at least put the opposite unit somewhere on screen.
wow, XR protesting a rail line. Wtf, talk about going against your own best interest.
This projct is amazing and would completrly change the UK economy and global economy, no need for cars, no need for the people who make them. Rail way builders, railway maintenance, railway security... Build railway?
Amazing watching people who drive cars complain about HS2 damaging the environment 😂. It’s literally doing less damage than any other option. But NIMBYS gonna NIMBY…
Why is the ticket price being left out of the whole debate. because that will be a controverse in itself, do you charge 100quid or more per ticket to recupe the cost, or will you keep it reasonable enough as to enough people will actually use it for those economic gains for the connected cities, at the cost of being an endless deficit hole. Atwerp to Amsterdam high speed failed massively due to too high ticket prices, and too many stops.
In my opinion it is a project to make a lot of wealthy people much wealthier. The actual railway line is secondary to the projects main goal.  Look at many projects the government spends billions on and then follow the money. They may be failed projects as far as what the project was promoted as, but it, again in my opinion, was just a cover to channel a lot of money to certain people.  Just do your own investigations and see who was involved in so many multi million/billion £ projects by successive governments.  It may open your eyes a little to what really has been going on for decades right under your noses.
This guy will be fully employed till he is retire in 20 years time, not bad !!
people beg for public investment and then complain when the government starts constructing exactly what the country needs
Be better off building a tunnel between the island of GB and the island of Ireland think of the income going back and forth.
Uk 🇬🇧 leaders have the  "had I known " syndrome, always thinking 🤔 like they don't know whatsapp 🤔
Excellent video
With that sort of money you could build many more airports and purchase thousands of aircraft to improve the links.
It is worth noting that any attempt to join HS2 to HS1 and the European LGV network has been opposed by the Government who are obsessed with border control.
My partner was an ecologist for HS2. The headaches she had trying to get the construction companies to comply with their ecological commitment. Tryst me when I say this has been devastating to our environment.
20 minutes off the journey is not justification. HS2 = waste and cronyism
The people who oppose it are mostly clueless idiots. We need new lines, our lines are extremely old and were built for different necessity so know aren't fit for purpose. Most of the people moaning don't realise how bad train lines and overcrowding has gotten. Then theres the huge wages for working class people in the construction. It's a good thing.
got to put all that ulez fine money somewhere
Wow this was one of my favorite videos from you. And that's hard to say. I hope they get this done, good luck England! It's hard to see benefit in this if you think about yourself. You gotta think about the future generations that have not even been born yet.
I wish all these moaners who want to  stop HS2  because of costs and not benefitting the country, we had all this with the  the CHANNEL TUNNEL it too went on with over costs , were are the moaners about that  now , many of them probably use it now.
Meanwhile our schools are dropping to bits.
In 10 years all the weirdos with no actual mind who are protesting this will be using it and enjoying the convenience of travelling hundreds of kilometres in no time
“Destroying the country” with a train line is hysterical
Traffic Warden undermines himself when he starts yelling profanity.  It's Breach of The Peace.  Should have just clamped the van and left it without all the angry posturing.
How long will this take to complete? I'm getting quite interested in this type of engineering
abadoning project now would be the worst case scenario
It is useless project. UK is dead country anyway. xD
Swap HS2 for the CU and SM and there's a succinctly presented case for remaining in the EU.
Absolutely excellent presentation.... cheers to you 🤟🎶
ALL I CAN SAY IS AT LEAST AS A NATION YOU ARE INVESTING IN YOURSELF IN YOUR FUTURE YOU'VE LIVED OFF THE PAST OF YOUR GREAT AND GREAT GREAT GRANDPARENTS NOW YOU MUST INVEST IN YOUR FUTURE YOUR GREAT-GREAT-GREAT GRANDCHILDREN  DAVID ADAM GRENIS BOULDER COLORADO ISA  I ONLY WISH OUR GOVERNMENT IN THE UNITED STATES WOULD LOOK AT IT THAT WAY AS TO INVESTING AND HIGH-SPEED RAIL AND AS THE FUTURE OF GENERATIONS TO COME
It would make more sense if you could drive your vehicle onto the train like the channel crossing as a large portion of road traffic after 9am are not commuters and require their vehicle at the other end to carry out there job.
£100billion may seem like a lot of money but this even if this spending is spread over 10 years, that's £10billion per annum.  Compared with current government spending of £1,189billion of the fiscal year £2023/24, that's less than 1% each year.  Compared to this £10bn per year, the Government spends £341billion on social protection each year, that includes £90billion on benefits. Or £10 billion on the UK Justice system. Or £26 billion on the UK Police Service.  So the cost of these projects is a very small proportion of the UK budget.  It seems to me we spend far too much on controlling people, locking up too many, paying them not to work, paying private landlords huge amounts for housing which the government could provide more cheaply.  Paying for the costs of immigration long term, when our assistance should be short term.  I think the best long term value will be obtained when the full system is built, to Leeds, towards Scotland.  Furthermore, the increase in the core capacity will allow lots of other rail and other transport improvements, that is a big opportunity too.  We need improved East/West services, HS services to Bristol and all the way to the South West, along the south coast, directly north from the South coast, Southampton.  Improved local services, restore many of the old abandoned lines.  Improve freight services, introduce more electrification, using British technology.  Consider further expanding services for freight.
Once this is up and running, all political parties will claim credit for it.
Induced demand is the plan
It's OK, inflation will fix the cost issue
It is a fallacy that China is sustainable. All the numbers are fudged. When you have countries actually focusing on it, and using real data, it may even increase the habitat
Those big companies should pay taxes..... "UK responsible for more than a third of $427bn global tax avoidance each year, report finds"
Is it democracy, if the vote is not representative?
It's not carbon free, it's carbon neutral. The power can be carbon free, but the majority of construction emits CO2.
Such a divided issue.  £100BN is a staggering amount of money to be sure.  Is the economic benefit going to truly repay back the public investment?  Unfortunately only time will be the judge as the numbers skew so far on either side depending on who’s doing the calculations.  Also, is rail investment truly a 100 year investment?  So many considerations.  But there does come a point where you have the ability to cut the bleeding limb off, and I’m not sure if they’ve passed that point of no return or not.  Certainly a £15BN investment, if canceled, carries a stupendous cost to remediate back to original starting point (maybe the same amount if not more).  Best of luck.
I really hope we push through with high speed rail all the wa to scotland. It might cost a lot, but the benefit to the society is huge
hs2 feels like a project that we should just grit our teeth through the price tag of, and let flourish. does anyone remember how much opposition there was to the NHS? doctors voted against it 10:1 and it was rejected 21 times before being passed. i'm happily taking the gamble on my tax money to go towards hs2. it will bring three arguably four major cities closer together.
I fully support it.  We need more projects like this.
As someone from Newcastle, it kinda sucks that even in the north/south divide conversation we are still invisible - helllooo? I get the feeling our old rail system isn't gonna be touched till 2075 or something
We need this it could kick off a new rail revolution in Britain. However it should focus more on cross rail between northern cities. I still want my leeds-liverpool line
Get the Chinese to do it, better and cheaper
They should have started building from north to south.
Why can't we get some bullet trains rather than HS2
The problem with HS2 is that there were better ways to spend the money.  HS2 will never go beyond Birmingham.  It’s not about connecting to the North and never was.  It’s an excuse to suck more wealth and talent into London at the expense of the rest of the country.    For a lot less money they could have connected all the northern cities with a fast modern rail network to replace the crap we have now.  Combining Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield and Newcastle would be much more beneficial to the wider country than HS2.
Good to see so many comments backing this. The nay-sayers are so tedious and short-sighted in their opposition to massive infrastructure projects such as this.
In pay no tax on my car as itvis kow emissions. But we still got hit by a £380 fine and as this video says we had no idea we had driven into a charged road, we appraled and got the fine reduced to £80 but that is after a lot of hassle and grief from TFLs bailiffs.
Hogwarts Express not fast enough?
poor rual areas doenst exist just stop farming and by an nature guide from your local libary problem sloved
IMO they should make progress every year to improve infrastructure, not led by pollies, and not 1-off megaprojects.
Some of the tunnels may make great accommodation come WW3, however, those that thought the project up weren't visionary in the sense of the enormous impact AI is going to have on the working population. They'd have done better putting the money into technology to build homes the future mass-unemployed could live in and look towards sustainability in a world that needs far fewer human employees.
The scrutiny, eb And flow of decision is the mostly negative effect infrastructure has to go trough. Plus overstatingoptimistic politician!  How and what the hs2 should be us just engineering.  When finished it still bring more and better travel. And it helps the climate goals when it's finished.
any update @TheB1M
We can't afford it! The rail system has been ruined by privatisation. This is an absolute waste of money.
I might be in the minority but I actually want an expansion of the project, make high speed rail go up all the way to Glasgow and edinburgh.   Sure it might cost upwards of £250bil but over a 20-50 year span that doesn’t amount to all that much per year while the benefits of would last upwards of 200 years.
We need high speed ropes across the north and across the south before this.
Reminds me a lil bit over the north south line in Amsterdam (But that one was also really needed, a metro under the IJ river to Amsterdam north)
This smells like the failiure that is the tram in Odense/denmark
You also need to bring Hogwarts schools all over the British Isles. In other words, AMI Montessori. That and AMI Montessori land or country schools or "Earth"-school are essentially like Hogwarts where the learn gardening, care of animals, business, art, music, and how to run a successful practical business. Also constructive debate where you're actually listening to each other and learning conflict-resolution and critical-thinking skills. In other words, just like Thomas Jefferson or Benjamin Franklin, creative inventors, writers, thinker and leaders.
This is blatant propaganda  which is now out of date , no mention of the enormous cost overrun which is continuing to rise with no end in sight , connection to the North ( the reason d’être of the whole scheme) has been scrapped , the vast station envisaged at Euston is also being scrapped , the idea that a 20 minute improvement in journey time would encourage businesses to move to Birmingham when it could just as easily encourage businesses to remain in London , even that that. Is in jeopardy as they are considering considerable speed reduction to reduce cost and Zoom conferencing has since called the need to manage businesses by travelling between branches and suppliers is largely removed , meanwhile no political has the guts to stop this behemoth which is consuming money at an increasing rate .
Good. Do it. Way past due! It should be underground under more forests all the way to Glasgow & Edinburg.
This is why Scotland needs its independence, our taxes going on a railway system that has zero impact for us.
More Bull Shit
A great way to shuttle poor people into london for the crappy jobs
As a Welsh person. It must be nice however I think it would be cooler to have a Dublin - Holyhead tunnel
We need this badly! The North is in transport chaos a new railway is going to save many jobs and the economy.
There is no case anymore for these trains. Many of us can work remotely without problems, no need to travel to office in another city everyday in the week anymore.
Having met some of the QAs on this. I feel it's going as well as possible cost wise, they are the best in the business and good people.
It makes one wonder why a small city, and economy, like Sydney can build an entire new infrastructure system far more complex for a fraction of HS2s cost.
Can you do a 1 year update on this project ?
The saving of 25 minutes on a journey HS2  will bring to the select few that it will benefit  is hardly comparable with the good this money could have done used for the whole of the  country.
While we here in S.A. see how our railway system is going down the drain just as everything else.
High speed rail is a requirement in Asia because it's massive. the trains travel thousands of miles... The train in the UK probably is not traveling any more than 150 miles at best who needs high speed rail. I don't need to get there five minutes quicker.... Another dome like project.
"HS2, Europe’s largest infrastructure project" Mmmmmmmh you never heard about the "Y" high speed line between france and spain's mountains right ?
Should have been built 40 years ago, and dropping the eastern route is a short sighted mistake
In defence of people criticizing the project for overspend, remember the UK still runs diesel trains on non-electrified track down main lines. Slow, unreliable trains belching out fumes on the busiest lines in the country, while 100 times the cost of electrification is spent on one phase of HS2.
Its just so typical of Britain now, to make a total dogs a***e of this HS2 project.   I'm pretty sure the whole project would have been managed alot better, had it been in France, Germany, or Spain. They just seem to budget more effectively, and then they get on with it. They don't change their minds about the route halfway through..... then have to change it again because they've run out of money. It's just mind boggling incompetence.   Why can we not get anything right anymore??  From abandoning the 'northern leg'  to Leeds.....to (unbelievably) now running out of money to reach Euston. You just couldn't f**king make it up, even if you tried. It's mot just appalling, but pretty scandalous.  It sends a nessage out to the rest of the world that we can't do large countrywide transport projects anymore.......at least ones that arent road projects.   It's becoming more and more embarrassing to be British, with each passing year. Can we try and get it together for once??  Or is this too difficult?
One great monumental over budget muddle.
With hs2 going from Euston does this mean any one travelling from north can get to Europe quickly than now?
Then they will privatise it and the tax payer will get ripped off, why are the companies not tied into contracts that have penalty charges if they don't fall with in budge or on time?
Slightly unrelated but why do we still pretend that taxpayers money is 'ours' or that it's spent based on our wants/needs? What process is there for deciding on how money is spent? We 'elect' people who make a variety of promises but have no obligation to fulfill any specific one of them. No actual process involving any choice ie. Referendum or specific votes on any local/national projects or even what our priorities are generally. It's just crazy if you believe you live in a democracy at this point.
Unfortunately, since this video was published the pathetic excuse for a government we suffer has announced HS2  will no longer terminate at Euston. Too expensive. So, it will go from the London suburb of Old Oak Common to a suburb on the edge of Birmingham.
Its a waste of money for most as its cheaper too drive every were, £130 to Scotland peak times can go there and back on £60 of fuel and drive to the door of my destination
Just because high speed rail in Japan and China works doesn't mean it will work in a country with with property rights, powerful lawyers, courts and politically powerful labor costs. Is getting on a high speed train better than working from home? We'll see.
Brightline in Florida, USA. Private investment and on budget, question is government or private, government always messes up and overspends.
I'm proud of myself finishing this video!
I don't understand why, supposed to be in population decline, who and why are we building these kind of projects. We need to improve the existing infrastructure and improve the synthetic fuel source production methods.
This is why, this country is in a shxt state!!   All this public money, too be "given" to a foreign company!!  This is the worse government, of all time!!
By the time HS2 is complete, we will need passports to visit London. London is now a foreign nation. The mayor said so. And he is right. So HS2 needs to end at Watford Gap.  R
So the channel tunnel train comes into King’s Cross. And HS2 departs from Euston. Real joined up thinking here. A child could design a better rail system. R
If you can’t afford something and your budget doesn’t support it you shouldn’t build the project.  Complete waste of money and damaging to the environment
The biggest joke is that this will end up privatised so the taxpayer will be left with the bill and business will be given Shiny asset that we will be ripped off on. If it is run for profit it will be too expensive for most commuters to justify the argument that it could provide expanded scope for the workforce to move around.
My objection and that of most people to HS2 has nothing to do with nimbyism. We are in crisis with public transport in general. We have to have alternatives to the car. HS2 has no purpose other than shifting a few people between the middle of Birmingham and the middle of London.  Unlike London which has busses galore and underground going everywhere, much of the rest of the country has little more than two busses a week! But people who support HS2 probably don't realise that because they drive everywhere at the moment. Thought so!
Good luck. We can’t do anything in Ontario. 20kms of light rail in Toronto? 10 years and 10+Billion$$.
I live in Manchester and as a tax payer paying for it, I don’t think I will ever benefit from it or get to use it. Every time I have to travel south and look at the cost, it’s usually cheaper and more convenient to drive.
i worken ok
Keep us updated !=8)
Euston we have a problem!=8)
Another public money grab. How to pass such project? Just lower the price. Then when everything is started, price will be lifted
ye4
The "west," pulled around by its nose by multinational ultra-rich has lost its moral integrity to build. Banksters, financial scams written into the laws of the land, are where the west's efforts are.
The UK railway system was built by private enterprise without tax payer funds.  This should be the way projects are built today. When developers approach government's cap in hand  that's a sure sign a scheme is not economically viable.
"The greater good for many can seem like madness to the few..."
It’s the future for business and the market needs. Very crucial for jobs and employment
Edinburgh to Birmingham would have been a better focus.
Its could have been run parallel to the ECML and saved a fortune.
It doesn't connect to HS1. What idiocy is that?
These high end projects are generally counterproductive! Drop speed by 30% to halve the cost and maintenance. Fares would be less than Half.
I can't think of another country with less vision or self confidence than the UK. Imagine if the Victorians thought like this - not being able to see that spending 10 pounds today will make 100 pounds in 5 years.
Lot of miserable negativity from these presenters.
An engaging and well-produced video, balancing comment with largely a positive view towards the project.   We only have to look back at the Channel Tunnel which equally polarised opinion.   You have a like and another subscriber.
this project looks extremely successful compared to the cutting edge california high speed train to nowhere.......
This is just a political excuse to compulsorily buy lots of land and give it to developers to build on, which in itself would never get planning permission.  The train itself if just a red herring.  While the train might be a good idea, a new motorway would be more beneficial and less costly, and even a normal high speed train line could be built for 1/10th of the cost of HS2.  As for the less than 100 miles distance, Spain has 3000 miles built, and another 1000 in construction.  All since 1980.  Even BElgium has more.
Er, correction at @0:23: "it'll start right here in the heart of London". It now appears this will not be the case, and that it will in fact start at the sleepy, if charmingly evocatively named, West London suburban station "Old Oak Common". The mendacious failed estate agents who call themselves the UK Government are currently saying "HS2 Euston Station won't open until 2040". So no Euston connection until 2080. At the earliest. By which time, finally, we'll all be travelling everywhere using (sustainably-powered) jetpacks.
This project, love it or hate it, won't be cancelled now, because too much has been spent and the works already completed cannot be just left to have no purpose. It has followed the usual strategy for such construction in the UK, forecast the budget to be reasonable at the start, then by the time it's obvious it's going to overrun on both budget and time, too much work has been done to stop it. The work is going too make alot of people rich at public expense, and those that will benefit most from the actual route are the already well off. Also, by the time it's completed, which is going to be at least 10 years and more likely 15 years away, how relevant will it be?
India's bullet train project from mumbai-ahemdabad is costing around $36 billion to the govt , I think its fairly value for money if you see the distance between these cities... and that 36 billion also includes around 24 highspeed shinkansen e5 hayabusa trainsets too.
In India its absolutely different in terms of land value when such a big project is constructed here...the value of the land goes significantly up which benefits the community their...in all here people are fairly compensated for their lands...that's why it is easy for govt to acquire land for such infra projects.
I honestly dont think you can put a price on something like this. Not only do you get the economic growth but it's so much easier for friends and family and tourists to get around. Day trips, dates, ameneties all become viable. It's a huge step up and as someone thats suffered riding northern trains that go 30mph, im so ready for HS2.
Brexit was a big mistake ... to stop HS2  would be the next.
People from the midlands and north: THERE NEEDS TO BE MORE INVESTMENT IN THE RESTO FO THE UK!!! Government: How about this line connecting the major cities in the UK to being some of the london busseines and money up north People from the midlands and north: *skreech in anger*
HS2 will never get beyond Birmingham it was never meant to. It is designed to build homes in the Birmingham area for Londoners oh and they will then demand Land in the Welsh mountains for a Reservoir to supply them with Water
There is little to no scrutiny for roads in the UK!
If anyone but the bbc had said this I might b3lieve them
Stop calling it carbon free there’s nothing carbon free about any of this eco-friendly is a cover-up what makes a train metal how do you make electricity with carbon
Meanwhile they electrified 2.2 kms of UK track last year (yes all of 2,200 metres). Feckin w*nkers.
(My english is bad) 2 years ago here in Philippines we started to build underground highspeed trains with the help of Japan and we as Filipinos are very thankful of it. To this days I never hear a single complain about the project cause we knew this thing would help a lot to us.  We want to build more more more but the only problem is money we don't have money. Thank God Japan and South Korea pitty on us they always lend money with almost 0 interes. And you out there in another side of the world y'all almost got everything and still always complain about something instead thanking the damn government for building something to it's own ppl y'all do the opposite thing complain because this and that and those what a ungrateful b5st5rds... Hey government of UK I have a suggestion come here in Philippines and build this kind of things even though we can't pay on time but we sure appreciate unlike your own ppl ..
Half an hour faster for those that can actually afford it. Bargain
Other countries have high speed rail, why shouldn't we
HS2 and all High speed rail should be 100% subterranean, costs may have been higher but complexity significantly reduced.   Massively overcomplicated with superstructures over existing infrastructure.
Really interesting piece well presented. My personal view is that this should’ve been run entirely underground up through the chilterns and Buckinghamshire where the countryside has been utterly devastated by the phase 1 works. The impact outweighs the benefits when you measure it against cost, time and the affect upon residents displaced in these areas being flattened to accommodate the project.
Even if it flops i could see tesco buying the line  We need a video about rail freight making a comeback, tesco are using trains to transport fruit and veg from Spain to the UK, 650,000 tonne can be transported to the UK in a day less then a lorry can transport 10,000 tonnes lol
HS1 was said to be a "high speed" railway. Mostly travels at a basic 65 kmh. HS2 will be the same. A very slow typical British Railway.
God, UK is doomed with this level of bickering. No wonder it's not growing for decades..
They could of re tarmaced the entire country's roads for far less , this will end up costing over 100 billion easy
Hebe jeebee hocuspocus,  steal our money thieving bullshit.
I am glad our forefathers did not complain about what they constructed as it would be a totally different world now
It took China 20 years to put High speed train into a web and thus makes the carbon emission really low because virtually any flight less than 1500km is gone because the train can do city center to city center on foot for each passenger.
The North doesn’t need connecting, it’s already connected to London. Local networks need creating. Too much surface traffic, like London, cities like Manchester and Leeds need a underground system and a much improved overground system.
I honestly don't understand why people are so angry.  Everywhere else in the world, apart from Canada / USA, people benefit from these projects.  They get out of their car and enjoy travel!  The system should be integrated with Airports!  I guess the Elizabeth Line fills that hole.
Scotland gets fuck all as usual
Everything is expensive in the UK. Cheaper in India!
thie children of the folks building this will be dead by the time its never finished
All They have to do is Drill The OIl and Natural Gas in the Midlands.   and you will have more money than you Know what to do with. CO2 is Plant food.
itll never get finished - and then will be expensive - just for the rich - and carbon neutral? which idiot worked that out? a joke as usual
If you want something to do a Great Story on Check out the Purple Line in Maryland  Around the US Capital Washington DC. It's Hysterical.  It should have been done and dusted last year. But The original contactor stopped work sued the state for millions in work order changes and claimed the State was in breach of contract and wanted the contract nullified. The state which had let the EPA of MD pretty much run the project Tried to shove the whole thing down the Contractors throat, The Courts disagreed, and the State had to pay off the contractor and then look for a new  Contractor. All this for an Inner-City Connector Light Rail Line that ran along an existing abandoned rail line that was 125 years old. You can't make this silliness up.
Was there, or is there, archeological finds during this?
We threw away the vast investment made by our ancestors in a robust, high capacity rail system in 1965 with the Beeching cuts. An entire north-south high speed railway line (the great central main line) was ripped up and the land sold off along with thousands of miles of branch lines and alternative routes. The monumental avarice, incompetence and myopia of the people responsible for that national vandalism left us with too little railway infrastructure today, and population growth has made fixing the issue far more difficult & costly.
I realy feel like the dilemma around HS2 is a bit silly. It's obviously good to weigh cost against projected profit but at the end of the day it comes down to 1. People need transport 2. We need to become carbon neutral 3. Trains are the only thing that can do both, therefore 4. Build trains, practically no matter the cost.  It's going to be necessary anyway, and expensively starting now is preferable to saving money to later spend fighting more wildfires.
I love this channel
It's a great idea. Actually U.K should have connected all the major cities by high speed rail. I am speaking Southhampton/Brighton>> London--> Birmingham-->>Bristol/ Cardiff-->> Manchester>> Sheffield>>> York>> Newcastle>> Glasgow and Edin.       Should have happened in 80's. However, Maggie was busy killing railways then.  U.K is enroute to become a failed nation and I am certain HS2 will fail too. There are just too many opinions/lawyers involved. Lawyers don't ever solve the case. If the case runs forever, it's forever money for them.
I always wonder whether the headline £ figure is gross or net. HS2 is employing thousands of people on good money, all paying tax. Their net income is then spent (more tax).  The contractors are taxed on their profits and everyone in the [UK] supply chain will also be profiting. Does the headline figure consider factors like this? From a utility point of view, I always take the Chiltern line to Birmingham from London because the service (if not the speed) is so much better. However, if HS2 frees capacity then that is a plus.
Those who protest mega project are too out of touch to comprehend the cause. Too privileged that they don't want a fucking high-speed rail 😂
I am English. Nothing good ever happens here. "And did those feet" etc, dont make me laugh.
In Spain  if I pay an annual  fee of €25 for a rail card I could  go from Valencia  to Paris on the H.S.T for €9 ., meals in board high quality  toilet facilities  , I believe some have showers as well !
HS2 is the biggest white elephant in the history of white elephants - a pure vanity project.  It won't carry freight, doesn't connect to Heathrow, doesn't save any time travelling to, say, Birmingham, and it's planned route to Leeds has been curtailed.   Budget at £106Bn is already nearly 400% of the original budget - I bet it ends up at £200 billion.   Could have built a million homes with that kind of money.   Absolutely disgusting!
could fund a decent-sized war with that money other countries seem to be able to build a lot more than 1 railway track with 100bln
Way too much money just to connect such a short distance. You wouldn't even need true HS Rail. Medium speed going 130 mph would be sufficient. Alternatively, a fleet of electric buses would provide the same benefits, with greater utility, at a fraction of the cost.
London has always been head and shoulders above the rest of the UK. Going all the way back to Roman times. (look it up). Why would things drastically change? It won't, unless the North can offer something valuable to those investing. London has the City, seat of government, monarchy, tourism and so much more. Most importantly it's the buying/spending power of London that sets it apart, basically any half decent company based in London is going to do well to exceptional, unlike the North.
Can you name anything new and useful that this government has actually finnished, as advertised, since 2013, outside 100miles from London.
How about a radical approach and think West to East Links and stop being linear in outlook.  A sort of M25 for the Railways connecting the major cities so there is a totally integrated system.
This rail system will do wonders for browning out the last remaining areas of white England and making sure there are no more places for white-flight 👍 Though given the UK's small size I think a cheaper higher-speed rail system of 160-180 kmph would have served it well.   By the time this thing even accelerates to 225 mph it will need to start decelerating anyway for it's next stop 😆
Slowly by slowly you will eventually appreciate China
It's always property values. No matter what project, no matter the benefit to the whole community. If a Windpark or a train line is too close, people move mountains just to protect their property value. The environmental impact is a different point where we have to weigh the impact carefully. Will the damage the construction does be worth it? Will it kill air traffic, lower car traffic?
{неплохой ролик
I find it hard to believe they can quote the original price of the project so low compared to the actual cost. Did they purposely underestimate the cost just to get the project approved?
Not financially viable whatsoever. It will never reach or benefit the north but yet we pay for it too.
In what universe can a mere study cost £100 Million? Really, in what universe?? You need the Chinese, plain and simple.
Considering the spending (which 100% will grow) how much the ride would cost? Doubt that anyone could afford it
Time we scrapped the railway altogether - sack all the striking railwaymen and invest the money into wider and better roads. Roads are King - why on Earth would i want to share my space with smell individuals? I prefer my car
what an absolute waste of taxpayer's money. just to cut a few minutes journey time between London & The North. The North? Now there is a joke in itself. It will be years before it gets anywhere near Manchester or Liverpool. And as for Bradford or Leeds  that option has already been binned. Let's face it this was only ever intended to benefit London. Why do you think it was started in The South and not The North? It was so that if it ever ran into trouble (which it has) it would the The South that had the new infrastructure in place while The North was left with the scraps. As usual the government paying lip service to the regions. And who wants to get to London any faster anyway? It is as expensive overblown shithole.
Planting trees is a pretty silly idea as woodlands are about soil not trees. This project would be much better if they brought a shit tonne of uplands off destructive sheep farmers and rewilded them
Am from the uk and i cant understand why other people from  the uk would be against this any mega project that creates economic growth gets my tax money end of the day if the government didnt do this were else would the money go? Back handers?
They have blown it. Not connecting to the North makes it absolutely pointless.
Surprise surprise guess who has an estate in Yorkshire hence HS2
Problem with high speed railways is that it only benefits big cities, you have no or very few stops on the way because the distance requred to stop a fast train is insane, just under 10 km for a stop and more than 10 km for a run up to full speed, we are looking into a fast train railway in Sweden, Ostlänken(The Easten link) and there are just so few stations on the way that it makes it pretty useless for ppl in between the big cities. Cost has also trippled even before the first dig has been made.
the people who are opposing hs2 are common folk who simply dont understand the benefits of such a line their veiws would probably be different if it served their area
why “bn” when when billion can shortened to just b -> £10b  is it because the short form has connotations to c (as in ‘cents’)
£100BN Railway is overpriced u could spend half of that project on elevated rail line tracks than tunnels and the rest of the money can go to new stations and a city/town Urban Development plan.
Birmingham to London great, and the rest of the U.K. ?
I see HS2 choose the three French companies for civil engineering. The cartel, Bouygues, Vinci and Eiffage. You could be sure the British will pay a lot.   They are competent companies but extremely costly and they ruined the French people for their shareholders.
Very balanced and clear presentation of the key issues on the HS2.
quality as always. nice one
*No need for HS2 north of Crewe.*  Currently, the HS2 plan links to the WCML south of Crewe, as the Golborne Link has been dropped. HS2 then running north only serves Manchester. For a few miles from Crewe, north to Minshull Vernon HS2 parallels the WCML, being six tracks wide in total.  Hendy, head of Network Rail, wants the WCML upgraded from Crewe to Preston. From Crewe to Weaver Junction where trains split to Liverpool and Scotland, the 2-track WCML there could be made into 4-track with two tracks being for HS2 classic compatible trains to Liverpool and Scotland – but having these tracks still on the WCML, not HS2.  The Crewe North HS2 to WCML junction could remain, allowing Liverpool and Lancaster trains to access Crewe station as already planned under the Crewe Hub scheme.  Non-stop trains would be at full HS2 linespeed of 360kph (223 mph) on the new WCML tracks dedicated to HS2 classic compatible services, with no existing restriction to such speeds. This way, Liverpool and Scotland get ‘fast’ services with Runcorn retaining its London service. Journey times would be similar to HS2 times. All just by making 16 miles of new WCML track 223mph.  Manchester already has a dedicated line to Crewe. Upgrade this and near equal HS2 times are achieved.   HS2 phase 2b will cost £32 billion and rising.  Most of that is for the western leg which *only runs to Manchester.* This is an obscene amount of money serving only one provincial city. Upgrading the WCML north of Crewe, and the Liverpool WCML spur and Manchester WCML spur, can be done for a fraction of the cost of HS2 without needlessly tearing up countryside
This is a waste of money. Fast trains already go between the HS2 destinations. They just need upgrading.
For England I think the project makes sense but for California, not really. California has too many issues to fix before spending billions to links cities with growing poverty, increasing debt and declining population. If you don't fix your issues, you are likely to ruin your state for a project that will be under used. Big construction only gives short term economic growth, you need sustainable insdustry and services, China is a big example, they kept building infrastructure and buildings that are hardly or not used at all to fuel economic growth but it just ends up building debt, destroying environment and taking funding away from things that could actually help your country and people.
This is one of those cases where the power that be got to play dictator and just get it built.
It's not just about money. Better and faster transit and economic growth leads to an increase in overall happiness, which makes the society more stable and possibly able to attract foreign talents. Some of these are impossible to put a value to. China has been building infrastructures at a loss without ever hoping to make the money back, but yet they still are doing it. Why? Societal stability from better infrastructures.
Can they not build pipes from eastern Canada to Greenland, from Greenland to Iceland, from Iceland to the Faroe Islands and finally, from the FIs to Scotland? (with an optional pipe between the UK and Europe)  Why do they transport LNG on boats instead of via pipes?
It's the biggest waste of money in the history of this country we could of had a world beating healthcare system is stead we have an ultra crap train system get a grip government
Get a job? they get free trips to foreign countries after using my families money to hold me hostage And give me a bruckheimer phone Las Vegas how is that ethical ??? #costaricapuertoricoburica more veiled bullying love is a verb what happenes to that #nosugar lol
I wouldn't be suprised if the london part is masquerading its purpose to build a huge deep level bunker.
Laos, Thailand, Cambodia will have high speed rail before this HS2.
It's depressing how the same arguments against these projects seem to exist pretty much all across the world. In the US you will see people arguing against high speed rail and investments in public transportation but you almost never hear the same folks complaining about the cost of highway construction. Once something like HS2 or California highspeed rail is built no one will give a shit about how much it cost because it will be a huge benefit to the people able to use it.
London to himachel
Too much talking & too many mouths
7% think this is a good ide.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
It doesn’t make sense and is a waste - I used to live in Gravesend which is on the HS1 route, you can get to London in 15 mins vs 60!  But it costs circa £600pm so almost no ones can afford to use it.  The town is even more of a dump than it was and over a decade has gone by with no tangible benefit to local residents.
It's sad everytime you talk about the UK you actually just show... England. At least Scotland could be put in the picture: Why no line linking Glasgow and Edinburgh to the south?
I'm from Manchester and genuinely the only benefit I see is people living in London can buy cheaper property in the North.. I won't travel to London for work anyway
os ingleses, como a maioria dos europeu, são tão hipócritas quando falam sobre carbono, ambiente... Soa ironico que estas mesmas pessoas consumem 3 -5 vezes mais energia no seu dia-a-dia que outros países. `Toda esta conversa sobre o "glogal warming"  é somente uma  moda para que estas pessoas ocupem o tempo de ócio e se sintam úteis, mesmo não sendo.
Stfu about decarbonization. The propaganda is too much stench on these programs
The UK government is controlled by the giuda. The people pay to get it built then it ends up in the hands of the giuda.
The big issue in the North (where I live) is that it is a chore to get anywhere.  The distance btw Leeds and Manchester is no longer than the Piccadilly line.  TPE and Northern are disasters in terms of reliability.  The real benefit would be going E - to - W rather than thinking that life begins and ends in London.
All this environmental destruction for thirty minutes
This is a passenger servise and gives a little over 30 minutes reduction in the travel time. As we have most business being  conducted over the internet who exactly is going to use this servise, OAP's tourists, students,...... . Why is the whole populations taxes being redirected from the NHS and public housings and schools.
I'm soo surprised that even 11 months later the project is even more over budget and most of the project has been scrapped. The remaining project will now only benefit.... Londoners. So much for levelling up
It's going to cost fortune to use.
It's a white elephant and a waste of money and generations of our children will end up paying for it decades
Gone over budget before the work started
Infrastructure is incredibly important and shouldn’t be made unaffordable by comparably minor environmental concerns
California high speed train will out cost this.
How about letting China work on such projects... They're honestly so efficient at it.
Surely it would have been much better to route it to Leicester upgrading the existing Midland main line, then Toton to take in  Nottingham/Derby/ on to Sheffield then Leeds  to the existing Vale of York railway racing ground and straighten up the curvy line from Darlington to Newcastle. A line speed of 140mph which many existing trains can do with new signalling is surely sufficient for the distances involved in the UK. It's the bends and the bumps on our railways resulting in speed restrictions which slow our journey times. The West Coast, East Coast and Midland main lines could then share freight and themselves enjoy140 mph passenger services running over long stretches with signalling upgrades and less freight paths. Oh Hull to Manchester and Liverpool still don't get a look in. Typical Boris, show off to the world who really couldn't care less. He's gone now leaving us with huge debt, probably well into the next century. Apologies to rail experts who probably suggested this sort of option in the past.
It seems this program is to far down the rabbit hole to back out, something has to be completed and delivered.  What that is, is a good question! this is only going to get more expensive as the years and decades go by though.  Big projects like this and others come with big engineering challenges that have a high price tag.
Reminds me of the train in the hunger games. We can't afford to pay hundreds of pounds/ 6p a second on a fancy train when we could get a coach, drive a car or get a taxi for less. Or, take another train which inst hugely slower. It's really not that far.  Don't forget We've had over a decade of brutal austerity and cuts in public sector pay (pay increases far below increases in living costs and importantly - inflation)  we don't need HS2, we can't afford to build it or use it.  Don't forget the environmental cost which is HUGE and DEVISTATING. The negative impacts FAR outweigh the positives.  This unfair society which works for the rich needs to end.  What's the answer? How much harder do we need to protest as a society?  We demand people's assemblies on environmental and economic decisions because we can't trust our leaders when our electoral system creates leadership which doesn't reflect the views of the majority.
high speed rail is the future, stop wasting money on maintaining roads, use trains.
This sounds a lot like the US state of California's high-speed rail debacle.  The state officials 'sold' the residents (taxpayers) on it about 22 years ago and stated the cost.  Then, it seemed like the costs keep rising more and more, and as of today, there is very little to show for it.
HS2 -- £100 Billion (BILLION!) and still unfinished and still rising at the time of writing (July 2023). Part of it on hold because they can't decide where the London Station should be, even after 15 years! Not a single metre of track laid yet, but 350 sites along the proposed route laid bare, stripping out ancient woodland for hundreds of metres either side for no apparent reason other than to store all the expensive construction equipment which mainly sits there unused.   Utter madness. Just to connect the centre of Birmingham with the centre of London. No stations in-between. For what purpose? It doesn't even join up to HS1 for travel to the continent. HS2 will require 300,000 people to travel in and out of London per day to make money, whereas at present only 30,000 people do the trip on the existing tracks, which only takes 20mins longer anyway. And these 30,000 catch the train from all the stations between Birmingham and London. Living only 20 miles from the proposed HS2 station in the centre of Birmingham, it will take me longer to get to the Birmingham station than it takes me to get to Marylebone in London presently from my local Chiltern Railway station.  And if anybody is going to mention how overcrowded our present railways are, (and they truly are) Chiltern railways, (run efficiently by the Germans incidentally -- for good or ill) have the resources and the track to vastly increase their running schedules and capacity, but have been refused leave to do this by the Ministry of Transport. Whiff of Marple's style self interest?  And it is our tax money (government owned company) which is going into the pockets of the fat cat shysters.   £100 Billion -- that's the cost of 1000 modern hospitals! Or just think what that money could do for other public transport?  If you live outside one of the major cities, do you have good and practical bus routes? No, -- thought not! Or what about the trans Pennine route? Or what about actually connecting up the northern cities first? HS2 is pure and simply not just the wrong infrastructure but a massive barrier to useful and desirable present day and future infrastructure. It is proving such a disaster that people won't consider anything of the magnitude of HS2 again for 100 years!  We have been well and truly shafted by an administration who are only out to line their own pockets. Well what else would you expect?
As an Irish person, I'm praying this pays off. We need the inspiration here and given our habit of copying stuff, I want this to be one
100% its not worth it
Fred, you repeat yourself too much
UK always face strong opposition in many projects that could increase their economic output and increase productivity just the typical way of thinking that Brits have always encountered.Too much conservatism is an old culture of U.K. that exists even in the modern times which eventually leave them behind from EUROPE
Lol @ that woman ‘we are in a climate emergency’. A cultist is a cultist. No matter how you dress it up. Oh and HS2 is a great project but so overpriced because of NIMBLES.  Close down all the motorways for a week and see how they enjoy the result traffic. That is HS2: and it needs expanding up to Scotland and across to Wales.
Not 42,00kms of high speed railway in China, it's actually 420,000Kms.
230kms, wow!, no mention of the 42,00kms of high speed railway in China.
I think you should also have a little look at Ryfast (open) and Rogfast (in construction) in Norway at the moment. The latter will be the longest and deepest subsea car tunnel in the world, beating the Laerdal tunnel by 1.6km in length. Also beating the Eiksund subsea tunnel which is 287m below sea level. Both of which record holders are still in Norway.  Rogfast will be 26.7km long and 392m below sea level. Blowing previous records out of their pants.
Can you compare the two HSR projects  HS2 vs CAHSR? They seem similar on the surface.
This project is very similar to the California high speed rail project.
Only English projects go massively over budget like this. Yet nobody is held accountable for this deceptive, bordering on criminal behaviour. Nearly every other country already has high speed trains. It will no doubt have the most expensive ticket prices in the world
The narrators voice is so epic that I thought the video was about to end about 8 times. They have such a powerful voice that it sounds like the classic voice used to set up for a blockbuster sequel.
Considering American cities are bankrupting themselves on car infrastructure and also destroying their nature and cities. Give me that train
What about MÉXICO Tren Maya???🇲🇽🤔
Knowing the Brits, they're probably only mad that it's not a horse-drawn trolley built with aged wood from the 1760's.
Unfortunately what they didn't plan on was the dwindling occupation rate for commercial properties in the big cities as more and more people work from home. Also, it must be taken into consideration that of all the motorised transport in the UK, only 4% goes by rail, this includes both passenger and freight. So, even if they somehow DOUBLED the use of the entire network, it would have very little impact overall economically let alone the marginal difference HS2 will make for commuters and tourists. On the other hand it will be great for members of Parliament who have to travel from their constituencies to the Capitol and who, no doubt have shares in the various construction companies involved in the project. HS2 will be a Big White Elephant.
32:00 cool train pun
TO BE OR NOT 2B
its not dividing "a nation" but 4 nations
Die  "Sozialbindung von Eigentum" wird von Betroffenen und Anderen gern vergessen.
Building high end road connections with new era infrastructure, it’ll offer a better budget distribution to more companies and connect more villages and small towns to a new larger and modern road network. Plus individual choices are enhanced. By train one travels on standard routes. There’ll be no local growth, social or economically. Trains could run along road networks just to transport goods in containers.
As I live in Germany, I think the problem about this whole project is that is far too late since our ICE Network was already too late to establish so now a lot of the routes and train stations have to be being rebuilt what takes a lot of money and time. And besides: In Germany, they would put the forest down istead of digging a tunnel under it.
what is miles per hour... could you please do kilometer too? i can not imagine the numbers when its not in the metric system. except this, it was a great video!
Please give me opportunity to work with your organisation 🎉🎉
Sounds like The Big Dig in Boston. Rumor has it the budget is still growing  even though it's been "done" for years
Make a video about Rail Baltica.
I could listen to him for hours.
In my opinion the added cost, after the estimates, is not based on changes and added costs. I think it is based on the fact that people/parties who are for a given project will always keep it all seem to be much cheaper. They know that once a project is started and about 20%-30% finished it can´t be stopped.
Why do the press and/or politicians who are against a particular project ALways refer the funding as, "Our money", or "Our taxes". We all pay our taxes for the services we get as citizens: The police, the armies, roads and infrastructure, local and national transportation, Etc. I my opinion it is just a lot of propaganda. Please think about it this way: I you work for a company who pays a good enough salery for you to live comfortably and to buy a new car. You buy a black Jag. convertible. One day your boss comes up to you and asks: Why did you buy such an expensive car with your company's money? Is it the Cos. money or your money? It is MY money, just as the money I pay in taxes becomes the Govts. money after I pay the taxes.
I think all the people that opposed the project should be documented, and when the project is completed they should be told they are not allowed to use it and told they have to walk around it as punishment for protesting as they didn't have a clue what they wanted and just wanted to bitch, there that will teach you. Ha! Ha! Ha.!!
Think about it like this;  The existing railway network is over 100 years old.  How much benefit has that brought to the UK?  HS2 has the potential to last as long and bring as much benefit.
Liberate the north, UK, and thereby energise the entire country. Paul New Zealand
Let's say that HS2 is completed and trains have running to Birmingham for a few years. What kind of passenger volume can we expect to see on HS2? Ticket prices on the trains are already extortionate, so will HS2 bring these prices down?
Stuttgart 21 : „Write that down ! Write that down“ 😂😂😂😂
I live in grenada Caribbean. The Chinese invest in our infrastructure including  Chinese labor Chinese goods and Chinese expertise, which is a huge mistake as the money goes straight back to China. All we get is to pay back big loans which we can’t afford. We should do these projects in house where the money goes straight back to the economy, gives people work and local businesses a boost. Whether or not HS2 is right or wrong for the uk the money being spent largely circulates back into the economy, so the short term benefits are immediate and the long term benefits could be significant.
Is this persisting the entire summer? If it is then we are in trouble
in other words london running out of peasants... even poor dont want to drive 3 hours to the big city for their bredcrumbs...
All this talk about taxpayer money... but aren't roads built and maintained with taxpayer money? And what about all the other negative effects brought on by cars like accidents, injuries and fatalities as well as pollution?  Is that not also not a burden on taxpayers?
whatever money put on Railway will never be a waste.   why not a under ocean railway track to NY?
The solution would be to start north and move south.  Then London would clamor for it more.
The old imminent domain.
As Rory very well said; just hire a few hot hosts and hostesses [strip bar style] serving passengers during the existing trains crossing Britain up and down and everyone will ask for the trains to slow down instead of speed up. He was right though; this HS2 is a pit - it will take forever to finish it and at a cost that will take at least 57 years to break-even. And no pleasure at all (^_-).
They'll not finish it for the next 40-50 years as it brings to much money to some people (in power). So the longer it takes the better for a few pockets - on the detriment of the population of course, but who cares?
"and one day beyond".... yeah, right. Commuter line for London again.
Building rails is never a waste of money. To build more streets is the wrong decision.
Just build crossrail 2
How can it be low carbon considering the carbon produced from its construction! A lot of this green agenda ignores all the carbon generated to attain their green technology.
Me, an American: "Only $100 billion? Whats the problem?"
Офигенное видео
Surely a train line is way more eco than motorways
Do we need speeds of more then140 mph? No anything over that is just an egoists drem.
I would love to see more of these projects but within budget and on time. Get rid of the people building it and get the Chinese to finish it. Either that or threaten the company building it that the extra will come out of their salary.
Very good information. 👏👏
Why is China  building  so many  HSR in a lot less  time. I don't know  about  their  budget  but they GET IT DONE ! Democracy is a pain in the ass !
interconnectivity my arse the only connection Scotland has with foreign countries is the boat to Irland , westminster  doesn't give a shit about Scotland and never will , pay for your own projects and leave us the fck alone .
I travelled from Shanghai to Nanjing on the HST it was incredible well worth what ever it cost !!!
They definitely need it in the UK. The rail network is good compared to most other places in the world. But it definitely needs updating. Travelled from London to Edinburg and it was a good service
Bro I live next to HS2 ooof
If an autocratic dictatorship like that in China can build high speed rail, then a democracy like the UK can.. eh..
And I thought we were having problems here in the US.
Here in the US I thought we were having problems with our High-Speed rail (California). I guess this stuff is global.
The original plan for the West Coast Main Line would never have worked. I showed the project the problems and my report was suppressed. However, the project was changed and that's why it cost nearly four times the original budget.
"over 30 miles per hour" 😳😱 🤣😂
India is  crying over their Japanese HSR. its sky rocketing project with no end in sight, and 50km completed when it should be on trial and testing mode.
The UK needs fast ecological travel!
Who the hell wants to go to brum that fast most folks want to get out
What's the discussion about maglev in UK?
Right up the heart of Britain? No that’s England 😂
At $1,000 per person, that is an excellent deal. Europe and America should have world class rail lines to move people at low cost.  Excellent Video!
Great video mate. Whole thing leads back to politics, and we've had a few bad decades of it.
The project is well overdue.. though it needs to carry on up to Edinburgh and Glasgow connecting all the north of England and Scotland together!
So those living in the wider north will benefit to lol that’s a joke right or is the 1BM turning into a government propaganda firm
The "North-South Divide" aptly describes London-centric thinking that compromises the very notion of a United Kingdom. So far, at least, nothing substantial has altered the situation.
same with fast train jakarta - bandung the cost keep going keep going with the budget 😂
2B IS HOTT
Transferring the passengers to H.S? What a load of ball cocks. Only the rich businessman will be able to afford it at the cost of the NORMAL tax payer.
So it's a bit like Brexit - a huge difference between what was promised and what is delivered.  Hence all the divisiveness and bitterness.  The "wronged" do not forget.
This video is epic.  I'm sure this video cost a fortune to produce, and perhaps the return on investment isn't there to make longer videos like this for youtube.  But as I regular viewer of this channel, this video is incredible.
32:04 tell that to the Australian government
the "heart of BRITAIN"....hahahaha...the heart of ENGLAND perhaps........
$100lb per citizen?  Over how many years?  That's not much.  Maybe 100 per year?  50?
In a way, the voters Didn't have a way Not to build it!
Gross mis-use of cash that should be used for R & D. (And of course Mass Immigration!)
What was wrong with using the old Midland line?
Should have a look at the "Big Build" going on in Melbourne, Victoria... with every project over budget, extremely.  Currently, a state with a population of about 7.5m is accruing $10m interest a day on debt, which is projected to exceed $170b by 2027... huge, un-needed, and over budget projects that have essentially sent the state broke, but the State government, lead by the sociopathic Daniel Andrews, refuses to slow down
Fast transportation and agricultural land are both are very important for the future fast and modern life with huge population
I think this project is very good and beneficial for the future fast life and modern and for the rising population  in the UK  🇬🇧  .  This huge project. Must not destroy the agricultural land and avoid the destruction of the agricultural land. For the future agricultural land is very important but the past transportation is a nessery for 🇬🇧
I don't know about the UK but in the United States you can't trust them with billions of dollars on a train project the money will disappear in the train won't get built.   How does it reduce carbon lol show me the equations now... how stupid
Green crazies. Don't use cars. Govt, okay we'll build rail. Green crazies, NO! You cannot leave your house!
Low carbon?  They don't like to eat??
At least your government is building stuff are government is burning the same amount of money on gender studys gays and figuring out what bathroom people should use and trying to convict Donald trump after failing multiple times mean while the whole country is falling apart
long term national projects needs long term government. instead of having revolving no 10 & 11, why not hold an election every 10 years so that any government has to eat what they cook?
If you travel on the Elizabeth line, well.. its impressive.  Maybe HS2 is also a good idea.
Such a clear program, beautifully narrated.   Fascinating  topic.
What if... We build the tunnels and dig the trains in China then push it  to London, halving the cost!
The problem with infrastructure projects is that no private company would act in the way that our government does. If the private company kept changing their infrastructure plans every 5 seconds, had no concrete plan, and changed leadership every 2 months, they would go out of business. We suffer too much from short-terminism in this country, as every political party wants the short-term gain, but isn't willing to invest for the long-term, as there's no guarantee they'll still be in power when the project finishes.
It’s kind of crazy that it is the environmentalists in the UK that are against the rail lines. Here in the US it would be the exact opposite.
This only benefits the main land which i find quite unfair
Australia's Inland Rail project will probably hit the 100 billion mark. It has to travel 4 states, 1700kms and 3 major cities, possibly 4. There will be dozens of bridges and tunnels going in, most of the east coasts transportation system will go into over shock.. and dozens upon dozens of towns on that line are in the firing line, the environment will probably suffer the most out of it.
Public projects are a way to steal money.
0:55 Waste of money hey?... why dont you go sit on the train and go to work everyday in one. Your input is a waste of you-tubes time.
Hey lets bankrupt the county to employ a few thousand people.
The people of Leeds I know would all prefer a better connection to Manchester in particular, and also Liverpool. A slightly faster train to London is immaterial.
Very nice video!
Biggest waste of money. Millionaire,s getting richer!
That's a good project to duplicate a line which is already existing as an alternative route to reduce the pressure. We're talking at lot about it in Switzerland for some lines espacially between Lausanne and Geneva bécasse every time there is a person accident or a hole that force the traffic to stop, it's a mess for people who live/work between the 2 cities but it also impact the traffic nationally and we still haven't no credit to start a burried line. Maybe we are known to be the country of trains in Europe but with that project, you're taking a big advantage on the Romandie network.
You people voted for brexit, i dont think you should care what people think there. Just make it, your railways are damn old and shit, you need to do something about it. Britain dodged the railway development since ever, you cant do it forever.
What a waste of money and time!
do those anti HS2 fuckers want the Westcoast mainline to cost 1200Pounds to birmingham!? at 2030?THe corridor wont get 6 tracks it's either 4 3 or 2. all the way to glasgow , We need 2B and Powerhouse rail as Well, and make HS2 increase it's budget by 60billion POUNDS so it'll make sense and the tickets can be just 60pounds to travel to FREAKING GLASGOW, The UK NEEDS NEW PASSENGER RAIl, Freight need more sace, and the WCMain line, and What about Crossrail It also boosted overbudget BUT once it was finished OH MY FUCKING GOD EVERYONE LOVED IT
In 50 years' time, we won't regret having updated our national travel infrastructure. Indeed, the bigger question is surely how to align it with European networks: allowing for a few stops, it should be possible to have a high-speed train take you from Aberdeen to Naples in 15 or so hours.
"Climate Emergency" is a hoax created by politicians to control your life
So who will own the rail line ? The people who payed for it and build it or some single person who did not even put in a dime.
Let's ban all domestic flights, and I am sure nobody will anymore find HS2 too expansive or useless.
The UK has a fixation on "Not wanting the government to spend money" even though we're one of the richest countries on earth.
So incredibly short sighted to stop at Old Oak Common and not go further beyond Birmingham. Infrastructure in this country cannot be determined by political views and opinion. Govt just need to make a decision and stick with it regardless of the people who have an opinion that it’s a bad idea. The long long term benefits both economical and environmental far outweigh the negatives. This should be a project that looks beyond 10 years but 30+ and what it will bring the country. If it was such a bad idea why is the rest of Europe and Asia updating their infrastructure and unlike us just getting on with it. People and MPs moaning about the cost just need to accept these things cost money. And believe it or not construction costs aren’t going to get cheaper in the future, never have and never will so May as well build it now than in 20 years time when once again we are way behind the rest of the world in investment which I turn increases productivity thus increasing GDP and economic benefit to is all. Does anyone think China became the economic powerhouse it’s become by dithering, cancelling and changing its mind
Big infrastructure projects should oftentimes be managed much better. No doubt about it. But: In countries like the UK with their own (stable) currency infrastructure projects are a very different kind of spending than consumptive spending (like military, cost of public services etc.). Investments like infrastructure or education almost always have a payoff. What is the alternative? To not invest in our infrastructure and slowly rot away until all infrastructure is privatized and can only used by those who are able to pay the toll...
The actual building started in London... so if the costs, say, TRIPLE and something needs to be cut, it's the Northern end that gets scrapped. About "levelling up", there may be a little bit of "up" (gains to the North) but definitely no "levelling" as London, like so many capitals around the world, is always guaranteed a large share of any benefits supposed to be for the whole country.
Another expensive rail failure. Rail lines should be re-purposed as roads into cities and railway stations made into car parks.
Just give the construction to chinese.
England is one of the world's most densely populated countries, with over 1,100 people per square mile.
Embarrassing seeing what even the Chinamen can do.
If they'd actually started from the Northern cities that this was apparently meant to help, I might believe it was anything other than a boondoggle.
I just said screw it one day and watched a video about the flat iron building in New York, and now I am just going through every video on this channel... Who knew that I liked infrastructure and construction so much?🤷‍♂️ I'm glad I stumbled on this channel
Worth highlighting that on a project like this, the £100 billion cost isn't just this wad of cash that vaporises into thin air. The construction companies will profit maybe 5% if they're lucky. The rest of the £95 billion will go towards materials, wages, sub-contractors etc. The government will get a percentage back as tax. Then people and companies will also spend / re-invest their income in the local economy.   Big infrastructure projects are one of the best ways for the government to inject money into the economy as the money trickles down to a wide range of people and businesses and at the end of the project we will have some fantastic new infrastructure that will lead to further benefits and economic growth.   That's not to mention all the up-skilling that will happen through training, apprenticeships and young graduates getting world class experience. Think how many people how will learn and develop knowledge over the 20 year programme of the project and then they will go on to use those skills in other areas.  It's more of an investment than a purchase.
The leading European countries all did this 30 years ago !
You can complain about costs now but people always forget inflation, yes $200 billion is a lot now but in 10-20 years this same project would be in the trillions.
Environmental impact? How about 100,000 vehicles on M40, collectively burning around 850 tonnes of fuel … every day (or 310,000 tonnes per annum). Not to mention 300,000 m2 of resurfacing done there each year. HS2 means reduced traffic, lower emissions and lower maintenance cost of current road infrastructure. Environmental impact of rail is peanuts compared to motorways.
With self drive I can sleep for 2 hours each way, with home working , I can uber my self drive car. doh.
Can't fix Brexit, and I a not wasting my sleep on this.
We need this all over the UK
Hs2 @ 40+ billion, channel tunnel was only 23 billion
27:00 Uuhhh B1M ... what specific challenges did the 3-Gorges Dam faced ??🤔. Whatever they are, it sure did not faced the kind that's described here for HS2 which caused looooong drawn out delays. In any case, construction was completed in 2006 and it's hydroelectric power plant fully operational in 2012
it will never get above Birmingham the north always gets left out
I'm sceptical. They should reduce the amount of train operators in the country and also build more motorways to the far corners.
HS1 is a bit of a farce. It stops at one or two more stations than the old fast service used to and is at most 10mins faster and quite a bit more expensive. They basically just made all of the other services around it slower.
They have been building HS2 for about 30 years now, and still no track laid.
Clearly a good thing and clearly being run awfully. Like all the trains.
People forget how opposed the British people were (yeah same people who invented the railways) to the railways. There were massive demonstrations and people on horseback were doing every in their power to obstruct progress.
Hang on to this UK. The opposition against Shinkansen in Japan was even bigger. Now it is not only bringing in more money, it is also helping revitalising rural regions (which is a BIG problem). Right now they are making Maglev trains from Tokyo to Nagoya as the next step.
Yup california high speed train first in the country is over buget and folks are piss we have not connected San fren to Los Angeles yet and it's way over budget!
🤣🤣🤣 the people didn't choose anything. Parliament chose and the people chose to elect the exact same institutions from the 1800s: the exact same people who haven't properly invested in Britain's infrastructure since the second world war. Democracy is a sham.
Seems like it could have a potential huge pay-off in the future and would save the hassle of long commutes and tolls.   I'm living in Alberta Canada, where our two major cities are almost 300 kilometres apart and it would be a dream to cut a commute that would take about 3 hours in half. There have been musings to put in a high-speed bullet train through this corridor, but nothing has really come into fruition.   I hope this endevour works out for you guys.
Same with trans canada pipeline.  Delays. Political grandstanding and tax money covering costs.
Um,...we never learn.  China built these and the financial lesson is these trains only work between major metros with high transportation needs. This one is doomed!  Not worth the costs.
Who wants to go to Manchester quickly?
China built 25,000 km of high speed rail across their huge nation in record time. By comparison the Brits can't even build a piddly little rail line across a part of a small island nation.   Sad to say, but the UK is dwindling away as nation - seemingly unable to be great in anything.
The fact that a sizable portion of the British people do not support the project is more British exceptionalism they want to lead the world and think they do yet they won’t build the infrastructure required to do so.  We are great because our name is Great Britain .
They once used to be excited for the future, they knew things were getting better and felt incredibly optimistic about new innovations but when your governments are spending so much on foreign wars and paying off debt, the people start to feel like it’s a waste of money and have no hope for the future because things are getting worse due to many reasons. I do think investing the money they waste in social services would help our people have faith in the nation again.
the video picture in 1:56 is a crh3 high speed  bullet train which is made in china,crh means china railway hignspeed
Wollongong  to Canberra half built 30 years ago, all they need is the tracks🤬Australia
The real problem here is that people insist on maintaining London as the center of the U.K.. It’s over populated, unaffordable and much of the rest of the U.k. could, would and should have benefited from a dispersal of sectors and industries across the nation. I believe this would have encouraged growth, rather than the insistence of almighty London holding all the power.
Can you please let me know how,much  The maintenance contracts Are  Going to coat the taxpayer after the railway is built.  Our existing infrastructure is massive but no one talks about the cost of maintenance
All major infrastructure projects that were built with state money (or financed by the state through loans/rents) should have a referendum mandated in the constitution if the state wants to lease or sell such property in the future. Otherwise, the citizens will build and pay for this for 30 years, and all it takes is a single neo-liberal government to act for 4 years and steal it all (sell it all (regardless of the fact that the state has not yet repaid the bonds it borrowed for construction), or he rents it for decades in advance with the impossibility of terminating the lease (or for meaningless severance payments/fines), and directs the money thus obtained to his oligarch companies for decades). It is called capitalism, and in the final unregulated phase it is oligarchic fascism (mediocracy, neo-liberalism, etc.).
War in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Yemen are more profitable.
The British public doesn't know what's good for them and the government are incompetent toffs.
Thank your for another educational video.
UK dragged so far behind France in completing HS1 I was surprised when HS2 was approved.
I am the side of the waste of money theory. Global warming will probably result in the Gulf Stream slowing down, that brings warmth to the UK (on the same latitude otherwise with Siberia). The colder weather will ruin all the rail networks. At very least they need to plan ahead for this when building it. The bible predicts people being scorched by the sun, and I think that will occur in Europe more than the UK.
why is everyone in England so bitter? A high speed rail network has almost no downside to it, it's all benefits and people still find a way to criticize it, just like cycling
I was offered a job by these guys in the hq once... and I gotta say, whenever I see vids about this, I'm glad I chose another employment at the time... :)
How "carbon-free" will HS2 actually be? The trains, I assume, will be electric, but how will that electricity be generated?
😊
When major cities are close together, high speed is even more effective.
Good to invest in public transport I don’t think Hs2 is the best way to invest in rail improvements though
this has the same old crap this rail way will never make a profit and never reach scotland  the waist of money for 90% of the people
Is not our money. Is gov money. Is a missconceptionsaying that investment money from the government can be distributed or should be distributed by the taxpayers
Developing countries like India are building infrastructure at break neck speed. They realise what made America and Europe great!
2B or not 2B ? either way 100 billion is an, outrageous fortune !!
LOL!  What an incredibly stupid idea.
Slow own, you move too fast (quoted from a 70's song from S&G), you've got to make the planet last.
I guess you’ve heard of California high speed rail construction costs?  Estimated $130 billion dollars 😂
Is the reduction in travel time of less than 40 minutes really that big of a deal? 🤔  Also, I'm sceptical that money will follow the rail tracks out of London... Some nifty graphics in this video, but there's a spacing error @ 11:11.  Whoops. The whole project sounds like a great idea and yet turning into a big failure... M 🦘🏏😎
hahahah world's biggest?
if its that expensive maybe give it a better name lol
Climate change will make all our plans appear foolish and soon at that.
How can you say that these projects are costs born by the people of today to benefit the people of tomorrow, when they're paying for it with public debt? That's pushing the cost for today's political decisions onto the future generations
In in China  high speed rails are built on columns so one side is not cut off from the other.  Maybe the designers should ask the Chinese for help.  Chinese companies will have built 40,000 km of high speed rail by the end of the 2023.  So the Chinese will be talking from experience,
You can buy 20 000 main battle tanks for £100bil.   Or 100 million 155 mm shells. Almost enough for one for every russian
I do agree that cost overruns are not perhaps very important in such a huge and groundbreaking projects that are meant to last for decades or more than hundred years (as existing railways have been, of course being renovated  time to time). Inflation will eat away the now seemingly high costs anyway, you are building infrastructure that will earn back the money spent on it well after a few good decades still, even counting in the needed maintenance works. It is kinda simipar to solar panels, people of course install them because they pay back in 5-7-10 years but we know that they still generate electricity for at least 30 years, even if degrading with time, same with these projects, maybe they do not pay off in 30 years anymore, but maybe still do in  60... That being said it will happen IF the project really is groundbreaking and beneficial as people say it will be. People say the US highway plan was also not made for profit in the 50s or Japan high speed train project (Shinkansen), but at the same time back then these projects REALLY improved speeds at which people and goods could be transported, HS2 yes, it does some of it but it also mainly de-clogs the existing rail network for more regional services but it is maybe harder to see it bringing the same benefits over long term as those past huge projects.
One has to question the competency of some people who write the reports and calculate the initial costs!!
Can anyone recall a major construction project, which as been achieved within budget???
Hmmm, a few Brown envelopes me thinks involved in this project.
This would be great if  service itself is publicly owned and operated, I’d stagecoach win the  running rights, it will be a disaster.
So United in helping Ukraine with funds because it align with USA interest on keeping it's adversary down but indecisive to build a HSR to benefit the public
By the time HS2 is up and running the Chuo Shinkansen (Maglev) will be already linking Tokyo > Nagoya and on its way to Osaka: approx 500km @ 500+ km/h.  In technological terms, the UK HS2 in 2030's will be little different to the original Japanse shinkansen of 1964. And in terms of everything else (customer service, comfort, safety, reliablility...etc) it will likely be a whole lot worse.
Comparing Europe's and N. America's railway systems is like comparing apples and oranges. The reason why railroads are neglected in America (yet overprized), is because billionaires and huge corporations influence American politics, and are more focused on growing their wealth and power, e.g supporting the NRA, at the expense of progress. Europe's trains are already lightyears ahead of the dilapidated condition of America's trains, often privately owned.
The ticket to ride on a daily would cost more than the Queen’s Limo plus insurance .
Famous last words “ Don’t Worry”Lol
Grandiose Governments my granny’s better than your granny. Look at me not the price it cost you .
Pump the O2 into HS2 How to derail a country. What is the oil industry saying? Heads are spinning and popping off lol What powers these trains look ahead for the next big project . Follow the swindle jingle 😮
£100 B to get to Birmingham faster!!! why would anyone wish to leave london and get to birmingham that quick?
Once the UK government decide on something, theres no turning back.  Unlike Maggie's debacle...
The UK has more problems than anywhere else because it is a post-expert society. Experts have been removed from positions of power (in the conservative party purges) and told to toe the party line (where they work for the government).
Do not worry my friends. When Earth gets angry enough, it will destroy all this futuristic infastructure. 😂
I do understand the benefit of constructing rail connections faster than 160 mph/250 kph if they cost much more.  I remember with pleasure a ride from Rome to Venice on a tilting train (tolerates gentle curves) a bit more than 3 hours long.   Then a slow ride to the hotel on water tramway... even more enjoyable.
Why is this project turning into a nightmare. simple. The British muddle through everything they do. Eventually, thiings get done but as I say, the journey is one huge muddle. Right, Carry on .
Whilst of course the project is indeed a waste of money and it has caused huge disruption for many and horrendous damage to local roads as well as bad treatment for landowners. Interesting that the 100,000's of trees planted by the Highways Agency for the A14 widening virtually all died, so let's see what happens here. However, the fact is it will benefit Birmingham economically and ride roughshod over the Home Counties and parts of west London. And I agree with that 100%.
As I feared, France is the one of the first, if not the first country to limit domestic short haul flights, forcing that traffic on to trains. Others will follow. Personal choice will become a thing of the past at this rate.
Every aspect of the original proposal was poorly estimated.  It is very obvious that the numbers were fudged in purpose.  The trip times did not include stopping and unloading at stations. The land estimates did not reflect market prices. The environmental damage was ignored. The survey data of the existing ground conditions was known but not included. Etc
Here's hoping they make it to Bham atleast
Put it this way, we were never going to see the money anyway. You think they are going to lower taxes? Hire more GPs? Nope.
Remember the north….
The worst catastrophy in Germany was Airport BER in Berlin. Railwaysystem is the best thing ...Switzerland, Japan, Spain, China ....
When you want a society with less cars you need better, faster and more economical public transport. Personal transport is worse then this and one thing is for sure. For a better railway system  you need more and better railways.
These projects should initially budget for a cost that would make you spit out your morning tea. And then double it.
He spent a lot of time talking about the cost but not much about the benefits. All of that money, 100 billion, is being poured into Englishman's pockets. Ask the construction worker if having the job is worth it. Or any of the thousands of others that are earning that money. There is a huge benefit in just having all of those people employed, and because you end up with a real asset at the end it is not a waste of money. Infrastructure always has a big payoff, the building of it is a major gain unless the money is just going out of the country. Think Foreign workers sending money home, everything built offshore, etc. As long as the vast majority of the money stays local which can be easily achieved on large infrastructure projects, then the cost almost doesn't matter, and in the end, you have all of the benefits of it.
1000 Pounds per person for the lifetime of the trainline is peanuts. Just the time saved per traveler is more than covers that in the first decade as long as they will keep the train a public service, not a private one.
Just build it fast.  There will be no time for the critic to complain.
all the typical NIMBY arguments. Get it built!
I live in Texas and have friends in Birmingham, Leeds, and Edinburgh. I'd like to thank the UK taxpayers for funding this boondoggle and subsidizing my ability to visit my friends every few years.
The best thing to do with maor infrastructure projects is to get them done as fast as possible, even if the upfront cost is hig. Prices tend to soar as you wait, which tends to make continued approval difficult to maintain. People are so invested in the status-quo that if you wish to disrupt it, you have to do it quick. Devote as much of your resources to it as possible, get it done and prevent it form becoming an inflationary nightmare!
"Cancel HS2 STOP FUNDING CO2" wtf ? are they dumb ? Trains are the way to go to fight climate change !
I find this fascinating; in the modern ages, you see this sort of major rail projects in affluent countries getting this kind of pushback. Be it my country, Japan, the UK, the US... I wonder, how did the existing network come to be? That people have taken the network for granted in some countries, or are people nowadays so short-sighted? There is always eggs that need to be broken for the good of the country, nothing comes with no damages.
Great video!❤
In a hundred years people will appreciate it in the same way that we appreciate what has been done in public transport a hundred years ago. 🙏🏻
can't they build it on a hiway?
British trains are hopleslessly Old …. Theres a need to Update Them., and thats it.
I certainly understand why people are up in arms! The cost is skyrocketing, the destruction of natural habitats, 600 yr old trees cut down! I be furious too!
💰🚂 It's disheartening to witness the exorbitant costs associated with the existing rail networks in the UK compared to other parts of Europe. The pattern of using taxpayer funds to construct infrastructure, only to sell it to private investors who exploit the public is concerning. The priorities seem skewed, and the consequences affect the population as a whole. This video sheds light on an issue that demands further scrutiny and discussion. 🌐🤔💼
This is not carbon free travel! Where does the electricity come from? Is it all nuclear?
To be frank, from a person outside UK and came to london and lived for a few months, the public transport, especially the railway system here is really outdated and unreliable. And the technology used in HS2 are actually some technology being used in other countries for more than 10years already. UK was kind of stuck in technology for decades....
10:56 I'm pretty sure you meant to say "The people had no choice in the matter. Either they chose the party in favour of the project or the party in favour of the project"
Should have outsourced the Japanese or Chinese to make it!
for any of you just thinking negative comments are just opposition, listen to this one, it's going passed my house in Buckinghamshire, I have absolutely no problem with this whatsoever, what I do have a problem with is them forcing a small village of mostly old people to move out of their houses for smaller sums of money than the houses were worth, then after deciding to underground they did not offer the houses back to the people they kicked out, they sold them for more money
It could be built cheaper, building it above ground.
100 billion pounds !
Another brilliant docu! Love this channel! 👍
WHATEVER = FK HS2 !!!
HS2 IS A TOTAL LOAD OF BOLLOX !!!
Just reading the comments on train speeds worldwide and I can't believe how behind we are in my country... 4-6 hours for 200km is a regular occurence (one time it was even 12 hours!), one railway line which now has lower limits than when it was pit into use, and absolutely no investments into maintenance even though my country didn't even pay for it in the first place! (The railway was made in Yugoslavia) A country run by clowns😂
Well done on building this railway. The only people moaning about it are motorists and easyJet.
Erm, economic growth or economic suck?
All apart of the WEF. Life in 15 mins cities. No cars. U will own nothing and be happy
1. One man's (or woman) spending is the other one's income. 100 B-pound, well they are going to just switch pockets. In case of Leeds, the choice is, either that local contracters and businesses in Leeds gets business and money or they get nothing if nothing is build. Well I would always choose the first option. Anywhere outside of London, actually. I would be in charge I would propose that every city (above 80 k inhabitants) in the UK gets a highspeed line (does not need to be 225 mpg, 150 mpg would do the trick too) and disconnect passenger travel lines from lines moving cargo. Or to put it in other words to use existing lines to build a top-notch world class cargo infrastructure connecting cities and ports and airports. So the money stays actually within the people of UK.   2.  Who does not invest in his or her future, will not have one!  After Brexit and so many mistakes in the past by the government in UK, well highspeed rail is probably one of the very few arrows left to ensure the UK stays relevant in the future.   3. Money is just credit, created out thin air. So only by spending on projects, which move the country forward, one can make these out-of-thin-air-currencies real and worth something. Even if it is just millions of tons of concrete, better than just hot air. And spent it as long as you can, who knows how long this fiat-money-scheme will continue to work. The highspeed rail here to stay for decades to come, and people, especially from the north and the west side of the country, will benefit of it.  Btw why Boris Johnson is not prime minister anymore?  Don't really get it, why these weired things are happing on this little isle in the north.
Good to see you have gloves, glasses, high visibility jacket and hard hat on when you have dangerously blue sky above you ! Dick !
36 football pitches?? thats so so small.  who gives a flying turd frick about 36 football fields worth of trees.  people are so brain washed these days. also I thought trains where the most effective and affordable way to move people.
if there is something hippies fear more than taking a shower it is development
I was for the scheme in its original form, not in its pointless watered-down form. Another infrastructure project for the south and London while the rest of the nation is left to rot, with this, in particular, being an especially big slap in the face since this was sold as trying to help the north. I think the project would have sustained better support if it had started north and worked south rather than the other way around. The South is already well connected, whereas the North isn't. The benefits it could have brought the north would have been significant and immediate, whereas the southern section will only bring comparatively marginal benefits. A feather in the cap rather than a real transformation.   To the people of the North, the plan in its current form is proof of the North's mistreatment and the government's indifference (or rather contempt), a monument to neglect. I mean hell,  never mind the bits already cancelled, given the significant delays announced to the Manchester section, I'm led to believe even that will end up scrapped.
I hate trains, I’d rather sit in gridlock for 5 times longer to get somewhere than have to take a train and be packed in with all the disgusting other passengers. BUILD MORE ROADS!!!
HS2 is a great idea. The problem is, as ever, politics.  Like everything that in theory should be good, no-one wants the other guy to do it. So even if you absolutely agree that something is the best idea, you slam it as stupid and useless and being done terrible because you aren't getting to do it.  And then you turn round and say the fact is isn't being done (despite you being the ones that stopped it happening) shows that the current goverment is an abject failure and that if you were elected you'd get it done properly.  Eventually you get elected and the whole thing happens again in reverse.
Why not just upgrade the existing lines and stations. I think 225mph is great but not the absolute necessity.
Imagine all the money that's being siphoned off into bent Politicians and Business Peoples pockets ,  any excuse and they will be stealing!
Unfortunately another mess due to short termism by politicians, driving a rail line through the most densely populated major country in Europe and of course every person affected will object. A very good presentation.
Very good, it shows how wasteful public spending can be.
for country which invented and pinoeered rail travel and public transport in general, its almost embarassing that we havent already got high speed rail. I regualy travel between the south and liverpool, so hs2 for me can't come soon enough.
Why not start up north & work down towards London. I think that would help solve this north of England broken promises issue when it comes to lackluster transportation
The "work from home" revolution has deemed HS2 defunct.
The main problem of this project is having the government running it.
The question is, should HS2 be spending this money on Georgean technology? With Hyperloop and Maglev making technological strides, should we be building a railway based on 200 year old technology? When complete will it already be obsolete?
Unfortunate that brits are this short sighted. Imagine how dumb Japanese would have felt if they had opposed their high speed rail network, and now it is vital for cities. And yes, Japan's HSR network was very expensive.
Euston, we have a problem.
15:49 This pub featured in the music video of UB40 hit Red Red Wine. The cover photo of UB40s Greatest Hits album was taken inside this pub.  Ed Sheeran was another musician who shot a music video at the pub in August 2019.
This is to make it easier for people to get in to London and make everywhere even more focussed on that one place, instead of migration from it, and a more balanced country?   Scotland and the North East never figured in any of this?
International units in brackets please…
China would've probably already had this built by 2016...
The key points are: 1) who will actually use this passenger only line? 2) if it means more people traveling to south east for work than creating work in the north it will have failed; 3) only if large employers move staff from London to the midlands and north is it likely that the former industrial heartland will thrive again with new industries, ideally making use of energy possibilities in old mines, spare space etc as a huge incentive; 4) merely moving such of civil service administrations northwards would not attract new industries because different skills are needed and, in any case, paperwork is more efficiently done electronically; 5) by retaining old gauges instead of having extendable bogies would not make HS2 fast enough to justify the expense; 6) the proposed 'integrated rail' idea floated when Leeds then the offshoot line to Scotland were put on hold would have to be truly integrated and connect with non-HS2 existing lines to attract investment such as is being discussed for north east, north west and Strathclyde rapid transit systems built on the pricing and timetabling structures of these. There is much more need for industries and rapid transit in the north and midlands, Wales and Scotland than the gradually dwindling original HS2 idea -- which began to built in London and should perhaps have started in Birmingham or Crewe.
Grandkids will pay the debts so nobody cares...
For all the hype about high-speed rail, it never seems to deliver.  This is costing 3x more than planned and delivering half the promised benefits.  Considering in the car obsessed US,  car and truck emissions only contribute 25% to our CO2 emissions.  The UK is probably getting very little if any carbon reduction from this.   Now, just imagine what that 100,000,000 could have done if they spent it on renewable energy and light rail.
The Britain doesnt need or benefit from communistic transportation at ALL!
现在中国高铁长度超过四万公里，中国人深切感受到高铁带来的巨大好处。有时候个人利益要向国家利益让步，貌似欧美人永远没有这种思维和胸怀。
China train technology way ahead and way cheaper
We could always revert to the horse and cart I suppose……
Don't people have better business to do, than to move around feverishly? Telecommute! And can't London build housing at affordable prices, instead of a Disneyland of ostentatious structures?
I know I’m late to this but. I really have to question the viability of living in the Midlands and commuting to London for work and that purely down to one thing. What’s that thing? The cost of the tickets. If it costs £225 for a monthly zone 1-4  I dread to think what a monthly Birmingham to London travelcard would cost. There’s no chance in hell anyone could afford a season ticket and still have enough left over to live.
The environmentalist response only makes sense if you know that most of the ppl protesting live in the areas that HS2 is being built in. Additionally, the guy who was booted out of XR and started Just Stop Oil, the main instigator of XR's most controversial protests lives along the HS2 route. It has nothing to do with the environmental impact of the project and everything to do with nimbyism plain and simple. No serious environmentalist overlooks what the alternative to a certain build-out is. In this case, it's wider highways, more vehicle miles traveled, and more planet-killing air travel.
People complain about the affordability of london house prices. These trains wll allow companies and citizen to move within the country to obtian affordable locatinos. I am quite convinced this project will help the future despite its current cost.
If there's a "payoff", then there is also a payon. (interesting isn't it... payon is not a word.)
If a politician is wagging their finger in the public face about why a Multi billion dollar project is good for them and must be finished at all cost, especially if they use the phrase “climate change”  in their speech  that is a sign said politician is about to make a lot of money.
Ohhh so this is why the cost of living is so expensive
Thanks for pointing out the existing rails are full.  One tip though:  Mixed stopping patterns currently, extremely restrict capacity further.  If you stop putting express trains on the old tracks, you don’t just increase local trains by the same amount — you can double or triple it!  The gaps between trains are CRAZY when you have slow trains in front of fast trains.
Why don’t you talk about the intrinsic, not economic benefits of this as well. Seems a little biased.
Waste of money. Its a service for people with money.
All this money is being miss spent , electrified railways between all city's and large towns is a must,get the country "Moving" by rail must come first. Freight hubs need to be part of this development closer to major towns & city's,fed from ports .Stop pandering to the road haulage brigade's crying for higher weight and faster speeds for lorrys. Limit the distance trucks can travel from their depots to no more than 40 miles.
Should have ask China to build the whole thing. Would be done within budget etc...
Prime example of how we can’t build anything today because of the BS bureaucracy everywhere, in government as well in corporation… decided in 2009 and start building in 2019…
It doesn't take a genius to se that it'll never pay off. A small percent of fat cats will love it and everyone else will suffer.
The British people lack "vision..." and a societal feeling of people coming together for the "greater good!" So they end up shooting themselves in the foot; they think they are being 'clever' but in reality they are being "cowardly." We should also invest more to protect the environment on this project.  It was the same with the Millennial Dome, which I also should have seen, but never did.  And yes, I am British.
It's more like HS1.2 given how much of it has been cancelled
Will it just increase the journey people take?  Will it be given to a private company for a knock down price.  100 billion on wind and solar would provide us all with cheap energy. Lower energy costs is one of the best ways to help businesses and industry.
Take too long in West I life in Australia and they spend so much on company profits,ends up being cash. , Cow for lobbying group's 😮
Well I am of an age where I wont LIVE to see the "benefits" all I can hope is that the future appreciates it and it makes lives better ... unfortunately I am also old enough now, not to buy into such promises!
Cost of homes near high speed rail plummeting? I thought it's usually the other way around?
DEMOCRACY VS COMMUNISM...HOW EASY AND DIFFICULT TO DO THINGS...CHINA? EXAMPLE?
Yes of course, a lot money to my waste for a lot bcoz i want give better than amazing future for people,now you'all know,hahahaha 🤴🏻☑💯🌁👍👌🏻✨🎗
Double standards are used to ensure everything is on tracks...
Just a beanfeast for consultant engineers etc. It will end up as just getting to Brum 37 minutes quicker. And we all pay eyewatering sums for that. Should have been canned 5 years ago. Throwing good money after bad. Too big to fail etc, a juggernaut
It is a cool thing but having watched the whole video the protesters concerns are valid and there really isn’t a good enough reason for hs2.  Dotson is not a big country. HSR makes more sense in America where the wide open flat plains cover hundreds of miles. And interstate highways already pave the way for infrastructure. Yet we would rather spend money on manufactured wars amd nazis in Ukraine
Don’t assume that Chinese companies moving to Mexico will have the same employment effect on native Mexicans. If you’ve seen the Netflix series American Factory you should know these companies are bringing Chinese workers with them and try to phase out native workers at every attempt with legal action being the only roadblock to these companies bypassing the rules at the expense of their workers to the benefit of the bottom line. It’s hard to believe Mexico’s judicial system will be much of a road block for these companies.
The UK will look back in time and will be glad they have high-speed rail. Having used high speed rail in Europe, it's top notch. The TGV and ICE were opposed but now the backbone of the 2 countries. Sure, the Victorian era, people thought going over 25mph on a train would kill them. 😂 Infrastructure is so important, but it's never popular at the beginning.
Chop down the 400 year old oak tree and sell em to your mates.  Are they planting real trees? or fast growing rubbish non native to the uk? This is how our goverment screw us, missing out details.
The governments obsession with big numbers made me realise its stupid to have an obsession on big numbers
The Brits seem keen on making bigger carbon footprint just with debates and committees than China would in a whole project (plus 1/10th the price)
As soon as I saw "dividing a nation" I knew it was HS2.  Either it's the best thing since sliced bread, or it's the absolute worst waste of money possible. While I personally love innovation, development and progress. I think HS2 has been massively mismanaged. We are getting 20 year old technology, 30 years late and at ten times the original budget. It started out a great idea, and was mismanaged to a shambles.  Needs to be completely scrapped and redeveloped.
People often don't consider that budgets for big projects are often underestimated because of the length and complexity of said project. It is hard to accurately calculate labor and materials for something that will hopefully take place 10 years down the road. Not to mention that projects often undergo changes and reviews of the process throughout development which increases costs.
the money would have been better spent creating a roll on roll off system to carry freight  and remove a lot of long distance lorry use especially when it is going to be very hard to make electric long distant lorries and the governments spout about wanting to go green
There's a reason you have the best part of 3M subs.
I agree.
A Rail project in the Baltics is costing around 5.8B Euros but in Britain, a smaller project is costing around 100B Pounds! Can someone please tell me what is going on?
Messy Governance creates messy High Speed system. Learn from China ;)
Perhaps the government could save money, by not spending hundreds of billions aboard every year and if or when its finished it will be 50 years behind France all because of the worst government in the world. Regards JH
The brits should hire the fast and cost effective chinese instead of the aging and unreliable japanese to build this hsr project!  Major blunder there!
Just a heads up The Wirral is not part of Wales as you shown at 02.37 minutes into it
Well the fact that the taxpayers build the infrastructure and then private companies will use it charging a fortune, make me so disappointed..
2:12 Repeat a LIE long enough, it becomes Climate Change Hoax.
always a waste of money when its not spent in london.cross rail the real waste
The end result will be worth it however, the ridiculous slow progress compared to infrastructure projects similar in size in other countries like China, Japan and Singapore are finished quickly. It would make more sense to use the HS2 route for HyperLoop Transport as by the time HS2 is finally finished, many other countries will have  HyperLoop Transport which will be embarrassing
NoB  B
and they couldnt even electrify swansea and bath 🙄
Love your interviews with key players on projects.   It's great journalism and reporting in my opinion.  Could you put captions underneath to remind us of name and roles?   Love this channel!
Its not budget that bogling my mind but the timelines 2041? With that estimates we wouldn't be surprised to not have it untill 2050.  At this point they should just upgrade the project to maglev until 2041 maglev will be the technology everyone would be building upon. UK will stay Behind.
That's twice as much as Japanese L0 maglev cost.  But atleast L0 is already running.  This tells how it's not as simple as maglev is costly rail HSR are cheap.   It depends on implementation politics etc.
Economic growth promised by westminster always means money going into their pockets and bugger all to the people that might benefit.
I never realised we had so many mafia families to pay off in the UK?
THE OTHER WAY THE SPAWNS ROBBING YOU KNOW THEM ALL AND FUTURE SAY THEY SEEN WHAT WAS WHAT PUBLIC WANTS AND NEEDS WHO COULD SEE ONLY THY ! THE OTHERS STEAL AND SCAMMERS STEALING TAXES AND OVER LIES CON''s  AS THEY PISSING MONEY INTO USA EARTH FOR WAR''s  SPAWN''s TRAMP DRUG''s STREET's THEN  TURN ALL HOMELESS ! AS YOU GET FACTS AND WHY FIND THEM SPAWN''s ENDLESS !
ALL THE OVER SPENDING ON THEM ROYAL FOIL's THEY BEEN STEALING LARGE IT BACK ON THEM SPAWN''s ! AVATAR BOOK KEEPING REAL COSTS AND CRIME SPAWN''s STEALING COST''s WHERE THEY SPEND ON STREET DRUGS AND STOCK DRUG CRIME's' !
STOP STEALING FROM THE WORK JOB''s GET  THE HIGH SPEED TRAIN THIS UK AS 15 MIN CITY''s  THIS TRAINS MOVING PRODUCTS AND HUMANS TAKE TRUCK's OF THE ROAD MAIL AS THE TCD MAIL WORLD LTD  PAY LARGE COST''s  AND SAVE LOTS OF DEATHS FROM HEALTH ! THIS MOVE EVERY THING CARBON FUEL's SAVE THE EARTH AND ALL OTHER's !  ITS THE STEALING STOP's OR BILLING THIS AS THIS IS NOT PUBLIC TRAIN IT PRIVATE ANY STEALING TAXES GET HEADS REMOVED !
Love of money is sin come to Jesus Christ today   Don't follow the worldly trends follow Jesus Christ today  There is no security or hope with out Jesus Christ in this world come and repent of all sins today   Today is the day of salvation come to the loving savior Today repent and do not go to hell Come to Jesus Christ today   Jesus Christ is only way to heaven  Repent and follow him today seek his heart Jesus Christ can fill the emptiness he can fill the void  Heaven and hell is real cone to the loving savior today  Today is the day of salvation tomorrow might be to late come to the loving savior today   John 3:16-21   16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.  Mark 1.15  15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.  Hebrews 11:6 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Jesus
If this was wholely in London  nothing would be said about it, nothing said about Tideway and Cross rail being over budget and late
It's a fascinating project with very interesting questions, most of which will only be answerable once it's fully operational. Certainly in the short term there are work force benefits to providing a project which employs highly skilled staff, but also longer term providing that experience, upskilling and retaining that resource in the UK for the future. Secondly upgrading existing railways, most of which have been severely underfunded for a number of years would be prohibitively expensive in it's own right whilst they're needed to be fully operational, which has to be weighed against the cost of HS2. On the flip side there are real questions to be asked where this will leave the North in 40yrs time, London is and will always big a big draw in terms of employment and life style, I can imagine Birmingham will absorb some of that once it's commutable... The big issue I have with some of the questions is that they seem to be devoid of any real substance, claims that it will scar the landscape don't take into account the reality of these area's already having significant rail and road networks, similarly I'm sure no-one will mention the biodiversity effects once it's built given it's legally obliged to increase net biodiversity. The only real question I think is relevant is how will it contribute to the North/South divide and inequalities in general, but lets face it Northerners may not use it as frequently as Southerners but there is still value to the North, it's just not quite as proportional.
India started with Mumbai-Ahmedabad HSR at cost of 15 billion dollars and it’s now escalated to 35 billion USD. The fun part it will not achieve anything for the country except for one small segment of 350 KMs. India needs 0.5 to 1 trillion USD in investment to make some sense of HSR across the country but could have overhauled the current train systems with better performance once in the same amount.
One core issue is the people making budgets don't have skin in the game.  Another one in the case of Cali HSR - and maybe this one too - is those doing the work operate on cost-plus.   They have incentives to find more work, not less.
I live in Milan Italy, we have two high speed train providers Frecciarossa and Italo, they both have permission to travel up to 300km/h, but unfortunately it's not viable, maintenance and operating costs increase exponentially with the increase of speed and the Italians don't seem to be willing to pay the price. The fastest train from travel the 550km distance between Milan and Rome, without intermediate stops travels at an average speed of 190km/h. It's quite ridiculous traveling fast for trips you do occasionally and then travel at an average of 30km/h every day in public transport wasting at least an hour a day.
Before 2032 all major cities in India will be connected by the Japanese Shinkansen type bullet trains with a max speed of 325 km per hour.  Who knows howmuch it's going to cost for Indian railways company to connect all India.  The project of 500km between Mumbai to Ahmedabad cities will be ready in Dec. 2023.
If Japan as an island nation just like Britain can use high speed rail to benefit the entire nation in connecting all the major cites and towns creating more accessibility to more people while cutting carbon emissions,  I know the British can as well.  And it will happen. It’s only inevitable that Britain will someday in the future be entirely linked by high speed rail
"The north of England has long suffered with outdated transport systems". Really? I used to live in Darlington, that was electrified to provide high speed trains in the 1960s. I now live in Bristol which still isn't electrified in 2023. It is definitely true that the north of England plays the London divide card the loudest, but noise doesn't necessarily equal truth.
As a northerner, we need more investment here, we still feel 2008 now we're going into a new recession, we won't survive if action isn't taken now
you tree huggers don't have a say go back to you're vegie patch and eat you're greens you're waisting my Oxygen
I hope it turns out well and I can ride it someday. Maybe we'll finally see a US east coast high-speed line if this works out
It's the rail equivalent of Brexit, years too late, poorly thought out and way too expensive! We should be building new lines where the Victorians didn't to provide new links that reflect where people live and want to travel in the 21st Century, not just duplicating an existing route to provide more capacity for commuter trains to London.
Is this ever going to be over?
Why don’t they just build highways and drive cars like the rest of the world?
It was less than £30b now increasing up to £75b ,………… could reach £100b .Net ZERO is never could make it by 2030 and NOT  necessaey ,this  could drive UK mad and a dead duck soon!
The opposite party unble to see things 10 or 20 year ahead...  For example people think the capacity of existing railway infrastructure able to cope will the traffic for coming decades...  Actually HS2 project is built for tomorrow's needs on present money!  As a result, some people think it is wasting of money because they only care about their present interests and don't care how the project may benefit their decadence...
Yale University did a study on transportation effect on growing economies. According to them, building a transportation system like a railway system can be a great thing, but only if it's done right.
It’s made lavatory pals richer.
Your graphics are becoming so much more sophisticated as is your reporting, and very much appreciated. One of the most easily accessible channels for the discussion of highly complex, high value global projects. Thank you.
We have to understand, no matter the setbacks, it will always be cheaper to develop infrastructure now than in the future.
Why don't we demand these projects start at their end point destination and work back toward connection to the South!
'and afterwards, beyond!' we have still not completed the M way connection between England and Scotland, the Euro Central project failed and the fast track railway connection to Europe dropped almost the second the structure was signed off and the Dakota hotel built to service the travellers. HS2 I understand is also for an incompatable guage for connecting with Europe. We are always making do and never going all the way. Think M25, unfit for purpose by the time it was built because of compromise and managing by committee, think the Edinburgh Tram project over budget under connected to Leith and our Airport. When will we ever learn, if you are going to do anything, go big, be bold, be inclusive and deliver. You only have to do it once to regain the faith of the tax payer. It's the constant waste of our money that disappoints, and especially when so many other worthy demands for it's application.
European tiny countries spending oodles of public money to help executives and government big-wigs get between a few select city centers.  Everyone else gets long commutes on a patchwork of various systems, and ridiculously high ticket prices compared to car ownership.  If the goal was to develop the British economy, they would have spent that money on another Chunnel at the Contentin.  If the goal was to make London more liveable, they would have expelled the hostile, unassimilable enemy aliens who make London a giant no-go zone.
One reason for the line being so expensive is the objective of an absurdly high  line speed, it was certainly the world's highst when proposed, that requires much larger tunnel bores to negate the excessive ram effect and as costs have mounted the desperate HS2 management decided to bore smaller tunnels and of neccesity.....slow the trains down for the tunnel transit, absolutely nuts; incidentally, the new low level St Gottard tunnel, through solid rock, had a lower per km cost than HS2 which, if we had employed the Swiss, could be a new Tube line for the entire length.
The Japanese  have been building  maglevrail  trains , 500 kilometres per hour
Much of the money spent will be to pay workers who, in turn will buy goods and services supplied by local workers who, in turn, will buy still more goods and services.  Those same workers will pay tax rather than exist on welfare (or, hopefully use less welfare) and will thus contribute to direct economic growth.  The value of the multiplier effect to an economy is usually left out of the argument.  Workers will live in, and buy services from, local businesses and will contribute to shifting money to the north..  There are other less obvious benefits.  The Snowy Mountains scheme in Australia constructed 1946 and 1974 required a serious influx of migration to supply the required skills.  When the project was over not only the skills stayed but so did the the cultures leaving an insular racist nation in a far more successful multicultural state. While a small number of vocal and unpleasant people continue to decry that change most Australians are very happy with the new dimensions those skilled migrants bought to the nation.
I just say Gotthard Basistunnel.
In a nutshell, it is rubbish. Basically tracks the previous line servicing places that are mostly decently well serviced. They should have upgraded existing lines and improved east to west connections. Sure that would mean that it can't reached the speeds that this could, but I don't think that is an issue. The distances themselves aren't great. The quality of service, regularity and whether there is a rail connection in the first place are the major issues. I mean when they scrapped the connection to Leeds...they should upgrade the East Coast line between Newcastle and Edinburgh
Fred Mills sounds the same as Tom Scott
The distances and speeds are very weird. When he said it's 2:30 hours now to get from London to Leeds, I laughed out loud. For Germany that would be a perfectly acceptable travel time between two major cities and I don't believe shaving of even an hour from that would have a big impact. Why don't they just build a reliable, high capacity railway that's slighty faster than the current one? That way you wouldn't need all those expensive viaducts and tunnels and it would make construction much cheaper and easier. At the same time, travel times would still be convenient and capacity would increase even further.
The economic benefits of infrastructure projects are generally overstated. If it cannot be achieved in 30 years, well, it will in 300 or 3000! 😅
Still slow
It's so expensive because of stupid green policies that mean, instead of going through a forest, you have to tunnel under it. Environmental policies have gotten out of control.
How can it possibly be carbon neutral,  the carbon footprint of buiding it is staggering. It will never be undone.   How can it improve capacity.  That means you'd be removing  something from the west coast main line. Meaning a removal of existing services on the west coast main line.    It only decreases journey time if you want to go end to end and stop there. If you want to go elsewhere you have to travel out of Birmingham or change  to new street which takes extra time. Travelling out of Birmingham can take an hour.   It will cost 200 billion in the end.
£1 billion and climbing. All to get to a craphole capital 15mins faster. Utter joke.
a pathetically small project  of 150 miles rail is killing UK; China has built over 30000 miles high speed railway within 10 years;
I just wish they put so much thought and investment into the abysmal, slow, and excruciatingly expensive regional transport systems. All very well to link up cities, but doesn't help much for the majority of Brits who still have to pay crazy amounts and have hours taken out of their day navigating unreliable and patchy systems to get to that city station in the first place. 100 miles on the east coast main-line seems to take the same amount of time as 30 miles on standard commuter rail, or 2 miles on a standard local bus network, once you account for all the busses that don't turn up lol. Doesn't cost £100bn upfront to sort that out, either.
redo areas: ❌  build train: ✅
Horrific - government should be prosecuted for such waste.  Nobody wants or needs it, the day of working in offices is over.
before any project , the ratio of cost and benefits of use should be set for the consumer and the areas that has impact, after that it should be considered as something worth doing .
They should electrify the normal trains and actually invest more in the midlands
Digging a giant fucking tunnel under flat land just because there are trees above it has to be the dumbest fucking thing I’ve hard today. No wonder they have to spend 1/30th of their GDP on it lmao.
This is so cool to learn abt, I was lit doing abt this exact thing in school last week in Geography
HS2 is going to be great!
more public transport is never a bad idea, only not fully committing to doing what needs to be done, is a bad idea
Can wait to ride HS2 once I'm retired at 80 (current 25 year old)
HS2, oh no 😢  what a wasted moneys and cannot compete with China 😮
These ppl calling HS2 bad for the enviroment are usually already looking like I expect trump voters to look. I wonder if there is a correlation. Maybe alcohole abuse?
A tiny fraction of the population will use the HS2, the budget has literally gone through the roof, all for a 37mins saving on time. HS2 has never been accepted or wanted by most citizens in the UK and we all know it will cost probably 3-4 times the original cost. A consultation is just that and is not legally binding, the politicians have just gone ahead without caring what the people want or need. Better roads (fixing the appalling condition of them would benefit everyone), improving junctions, building more lanes on dual carriageways and all the bypasses promised and needed, now.
giga project and go ahead , hope see them well-done...
The world's biggest infrastructure project? Is 40 thousand km of HSR in China a joke to you?    530 km for 100 billion just goes to show how much of a failure the UK is at getting anything done.
You view your house as a tree fort. A buyer views it as a tent. The insurance company views it as a cardboard box. The government views it as a mansion. A homeless person views it as the Taj Mahal.
Lol, the UK is so dinky people should walk and cycle more
This sh*t tip of a country can barely build a cycle lane without an army of NIMBYs blocking it before it even gets to planning stages. And if anything does get built, its barely even usable and gets privatized within an inch of its life, meaning no no one benefits apart from a couple of shareholders who refuse to do anything unless it will be immediately profitable. Please for the love of god this country needs to understand that all infrastructure has huge upfront costs, but will almost always be of huge benefit to everyone once it's built, as long as its built with public use (and NOT shareholder profits) in mind. Not everything needs to be profitable (in fact, no public service needs to be profitable). And not everything needs be scrutinized to the nth degree. Projects like this will always face public opposition. Just f*cking build it for christ's sake. Honestly this whole farce is just a microcosm of entirely broken system. The UK is doomed to stagnate thanks to a culture of privatization and never-ending consultation.
"Right up the heart of Britain"  Right up the West of England you mean... Instead of directly up the centre to Sheffield, Leeds, York and Edinburgh and the connecting lines.  Nobody is rushing to go to Birmingham.
I currently work on hs2 as a sub contractor, and it’s shocking the amount of money being wasted
Whilst it would be amazing to have such an impressive national infrastructure built. It baffles me as to how a 32.7BN £ project can be approved without a "proper investigation of ground conditions" that it would run over....
The whole HS2 topic is ridiculous... basically that is what happens when vegetables runs the country. The simple question to answer here - is HS2 needed? The answer is likewise simple - yes, it is not only needed urgently, but it is like 50 years LATE. When Europe, in particular France, but as well Spain, Germany, Italy and Netherlands were building high-speed lines the UK was sleeping... the so well known TGV in France was build in 1970s and other countries soon followed. High speed rail is not something new - Shinkansen was build in 1950s in Japan... so all UK is doing is just bringing itself up with times and in "too little too late fashion", if anything HS2 is not enough, they definitely have to run past Manchester and all the way into Scottish at very least reaching Aberdeen and obviously connecting Glasgow with Edinburg. Then they definitely have to going into Vales, branching out to Swansea, Cardiff and Newport. Finally, they should definitely have line going all the way to Cornwall, ideally to very end of it, but high-speed line to at least Plymouth... whenever that this would be branch together with Vales or separate line does not matter. So that is why I am saying too little too late... because realistically this should have been built in 70s, or 80s...   Now the next question - is this worth it and the answer is absolutely, but more detail answer... it is worth the money it is worth, not the stupid £100 billion... wo we need to understand why it happened... and this is because we allow vegetables to get in the way of public interest. Should the environment be considered? Yes it should... but it should be considered in planning process and THAT IS IT. Once the plan is approved, there should be no provisions for protesting, this is project of national importance and it should be treated as such. Parliament has dropped the ball on this, they should have had something like "HS2 bill" stating that trespassing on the project or preventing or delaying it in any way is criminal offence - end of story. The reality is that all these protests now should not be allowed to even happen. We looked at the project, we mitigated obvious environmental issues, now let's get on with it. Likewise the supporting legal framework should have included mandatory purchase of land for the project i.e. nobody should have a power no to sell-up at fair market value. What I am saying - if this project being of national importance would have received the required response from national government then we wouldn't have seen so much delays and so much cost overruns... now we literally changing the route of national project because some vegetables are chaining themselves to the trees... look just leave them chained to the tree for a week and I am sure they will change their mind themselves.   So in conclusion this project costs and delays are spiralling out of control, because we allow idiots to get in the way of it... surely there were many bad project management decisions, like for example starting the build before the required land was purchased... as result increasing the price of that land once people realised they can bargain with government. It was better to secretly purchase all the worthless farming land in the way and only then announce what it will be used for. In short - mistakes happened, but that doesn't mean the project itself is not required or that it was bad idea.
Imagine how much better it would be if women and colored people built it…
This video reminded me that we still have Stuttgart 21 happening in germany...
km, Celsius PLEASE
And as usual... we are only 25-30 years late to the party! Pretty much the whole of Europe has very efficient, clean high speed rails and it still takes us 1.5h to go from London to Brighton.
Bad idea! Just think of all the northerners flooding into the south! It will lead to shortages of Bovril and Tennant extra strength larger.
None of these arguments against it refute the fact these projects are necessary for a modern country in the 21st century, both for economic and climatic reasons. Of course it's going to be expensive, but it's worth it.
This entire project is a giant joke. When it first came into existence it was sold as a high speed rail network that would unify the entire nation, meaning rapid train travel between Scotland and London. Well what do you know ...  now its basically going  to be the worlds most expensive taxi service for getting members of parliament back to their houses in the Cotswolds at the weekend.  Even if they DONT scrap more of it, I will have to travel 370miles to get on at Leeds, just to take the last fast leg for the last bit. This has been a massive glory project that really only helps rich people who work in London. For the rest of UK its basically been a robbery of public money.  Lets not forget that the original plan was you could get on at  Glasgow or Edinburgh.  Its things like this that fuel Scottish  Nationalism. If Westminster had ANY intention of EVER building it across the country, why did they start in London and carry on until they gave up.
HS2 is bullshit. Scrap it!
8:47 how is that carbon free?
But why start in London? An already very well connected area?
Its a cool toy, just poorly timed/planned.
Tough going to build the H2? lmfao!😂😂😂😂😂 Oh boy you haven't seen what''s tough going!
It should have went to cardiff then to belfast to edinburgh and back to london again.
The increased GDP from the first stage can be ploughed back to build subsequent stages. Most of the cost is at the beginning. In time we expect you guys to learn how to bore tunnels faster and cheaper. Another point is the idea of channelling your infrastructure underground means that overground it is still a green and pleasant land. If the UK wants high quality inward investment from foreign firms, they would like to see a nice place to live and work.
Living in Wales means that HS2 will have absolutely no benefits to me or my country. Everyone here in Wales will still have to pay for it though. Time for Welsh independence
I don't understand the argument of "we're in a climate emergency, we shouldn't be destroying the countryside." Not only would the railway line lead to far fewer car journeys and shorter trips but the UK only produces 2% of global carbon emissions. It's not like it's going to do anything substantial to keep a few trees up.
It's a fascinating project with very interesting questions, most of which will only be answerable once it's fully operational. Certainly in the short term there are work force benefits to providing a project which employs highly skilled staff, but also longer term providing that experience, upskilling and retaining that resource in the UK for the future. Secondly upgrading existing railways, most of which have been severely underfunded for a number of years would be prohibitively expensive in it's own right whilst they're needed to be fully operational, which has to be weighed against the cost of HS2. On the flip side there are real questions to be asked where this will leave the North in 40yrs time, London is and will always big a big draw in terms of employment and life style, I can imagine Birmingham will absorb some of that once it's commutable... The big issue I have with some of the questions is that they seem to be devoid of any real substance, claims that it will scar the landscape don't take into account the reality of these area's already having significant rail and road networks, similarly I'm sure no-one will mention the biodiversity effects once it's built given it's legally obliged to increase net biodiversity. The only real question I think is relevant is how will it contribute to the North/South divide and inequalities in general, but lets face it Northerners may not use it as frequently as Southerners but there is still value to the North, it's just not quite as proportional.
This is a good thing, the people who think this is a waste aren't thinking far enough ahead. Trains are the best way to do mass transit in my opinion. The worst thing would be to stop now. But it must remain a public service.
I'm really excited by HS2. I know it has its problems, and I understand concerns about the cost (although I think if we had more consistent planning we'd have less of the stop/start so less cost risk). But I wanted to say your graphics in this are just lovely - well done!
Let's not start to lie to ourselfs: Nobody is lifted out of poverty just because they have the potential to ride a fast train. If you are poor you don't have the money to pay for that train anyway. And then you would have to a) find a good job near one train station and b) live nearby another station. Let's not forget to sprinkle all of this with the lie of everlasting economic growth. Considering how the UK government has been working in the past, has treated public service in all bad sorts of ways and who they really support (Liz Truss gives a wink to the millionaires watching this), it's hard to believe that this project is not just build for the rich who have a flat in London and a cottage on the countryside in Birmingham and want their own fast connection between them.
With the latest lunacy of maybe not even taking HS2 all the way to Euston (just how short-sighted is that), it might be cheaper to demolish Birmingham and rebuild it 20 miles further down the M40 to achieve the same reduction in travel time.
I cannot express how much it annoys me that the focus is always on levelling up the north! I don't deny that they deserve to be leveled up with railway infrastructure, but what about us in Devon and Cornwall?! Give us some good trainlines please!! Those of us born and raised here for generations are not wealthy, why are we any less deserving of investment?
It's still ridiculous that this money was spent on this project when the country's internet infrastructure is woefully inappropriate, inadequate and grossly overpriced. That should be the priority.
I think the thing that irks me most about the sustainability goals of this project is that if this money was invested in offshore wind we could have ~20gW of production which would hugely reduce our exposure to fossil fuel price fluctuations that we have seen in the past year.
Chugging into the Destruction of Europe and UK especially!! Curses of Former colonies are paying off!!
Infrastructure, especially rail is great but it's only good if when you arrive at a station you have more public transport available or walkable cities. My fear is that outside of major cities public networks are DOA. For me the issue is not HS2 but that we're going so slow and building from one place to another vs all at once. We allow people too much power to stop innovation and progress. People bash HS2 because it seems like it's not worth it but the benefits are subtle. Compare us to Japan and we haven't built anywhere near enough.
a 100 billion dollars y'all must be mad It's not even trough the entirety of England hahahaha what the hell
Those who are complaining about it would use it when it's made. Time is  money. Douchebags.
look at Chinese
Ah yes, HS2 yet another London centric thing the northern taxpayer will shell out for and never in their lifetime see the benefit of....
australia would really benefit something like this connecting sydney and newcastle
In 100 million you can slave whole pakistan 🙄
They should've started in the north and headed south - what they've done now is reinforce the north/south imbalance.
I personally think there should have been a vote about it after all this country is a democracy let the people decide
Look i see the benefits but to be totally honest the project should have had more planning in sections like come on the taxman is putting far to much money into this and for what a section of track that connects no where a speed limit that wont be reached and a de congestion that was never there
a public investement for private transport companies to make profit.
Sometimes I'm even amazed there doesn't seem to be any steam trains in full and major operation in Britain today.
The shinkansen is likely the only hsr that turns a profit, the rest are largely seen as opportunities for government waste and graft, evidenced by China building more than the rest of the world combined, despite them having virtually no domestic freight rail network.
Wealth is spread across the country by moving the jobs remotely not the people to the capital.   Post pandemic, we have connection everywhere, working remotely can satisfy nearly all none labour focused jobs…
100 billion to cut the journey time from north of London, not Euston, to outside Birmingham, not Newstreet, by 20 minutes. Bargain!
An excellent and balanced video! Explains the nuances well.
You must explore Indian Railways.....
Everyone compares this to the beginning of the Shinkansen. The main difference is, Japan's government doesn't asset strip the country to their private investor mates who then completely rip off the public.
According to Google there's 271000 registered homeless people in the UK. Giving that you can buy a house up north for £50,000. They could have bought 2 million houses instead. Or built 271k new houses ???
Nice informative video showing both sides of the argument.
Who in their right mind needs to travel to Birmingham and arrive 10 minutes earlier than at present.  Some serious skimming off the top will undoubtedly happen.
Don't think the UK gov can cough up trillions of pounds each year so people can enjoy £10 train tickets
This is why China has built the biggest network of high-speed rail in the world. They think of their people and economy and they do not follow the "western approach" which is the same, especially in the US and the UK of starting a project with some initial budget and then going over budget within months (the same is happening in the US with their attempts on the high-speed rail)...
UK first needs renewable electric energy first
I'd pay extra not to get to Birmingham half an hour early.
This is a waste of money! Surely they should be fixing the trains as they are in their currently appalling state
The north won’t get there phase. It’s a disgrace how forgotten they are.
Funny how you find that good chunk of people opposing it are on benefits free riding all life on tax payer money.
railways /improvement of national infrastructure is ALWAYS criticised whilst being developed, regardless of the country it's happening in. this is a good investment and we will be fine
Polintless vanity project executed poorly at the expense of the starving plebs. About as much use a s that stupid aircraft carrier.
HS2 will be a way for Londoners to buy houses and live further up north, the house prices in nothern cities already reflect this, the economy of the north vs. the south will not allow for the reverse. The idea that this is of any benifit to the north is laughable.
£100Bn is the equivalent of 3 and a bit QE-class aircraft carriers, or 58 Astute-class submarines, and it's still not finished yet. It's equivalent to approx 10% of a years govt spending. SO much money- on one railway!
#HS2 (HighSpeed ​​Two) - #CONNECTING BRITAIN #CONNECTING EUROPE  The #south of England is thus #connected to the #north and the south of #Scotland is also connected. This is how Great Britain is moving #CLOSER together and together with #HS1 (HighSpeed ​​1) through the 51 km long #EUROTUNNEL, #connections and #connections to the #European mainland are being created.
There are already decent lines running north-south. It is those running east-west that are desperately in need of upgrading. In twenty years' time, you can travel from London to Manchester 20 minutes quicker. Wow. Whoopee shit! The biggest issue with UK railways is the scandalous prices of tickets. It is usually cheaper and quicker to drive a car from one major city to another. That should never be the case, but sadly it is.
Criminal waste of money and resources. "Spreading wealth" my arse. Not needed; merely a vanity project for a few businessmen. It will be out of date by the time it is finished. Flattening ancient woodlands and destroying countryside. Sorry,  but destroying ancient woodland and then planting new trees is the ecological equivalent of smashing up a cathedral and using the stone to build a shed and using the rubble to line a path.  The money should have been spent on upgrading existing railway lines (eg those running east-west) which are appalling.
UK cannot get their current trains to run on time so why don't they work on that rather than trying to build a completely new project? Seems silly in my opinion. Fix what they already have.
Increasing capacity is a good idea, improving links across the North is definitely needed, but high speed is just ridiculous. Capacity certainly good, extra speed why bother? Sadly I don't remember being asked what we felt about it all?
Waste of money. Most of the world has no trains
the increased figures look a lot larger than they probably are.  Inflation (the falling value of money) is surely responsible for a large part of that increase
China is the best in terms of high speed railway...10, 000 kilometers of. railways is truely exist
All politicians should be arrested.  The people are stupid, if you owe 100 eur, they come to confiscate your things and they spend billions of dollars and in the end no one is responsible for the failure and wasted money.
Taking a train on HS2 though will be expensive af, at least with the current denationalized rail state.
A waste of time as long as British rail is privatised. Re-nationalise it.
HS2 is undoubtedly an engineering marvel - at huge cost. That said, the money would have been better spent by investing in electric vehicles (battery production, motor production, electric lorries, buses and cars) to reduce carbon footprint in addition to adding capacity to motorways by widening. A second point is that it is widely recognised that any "new" rail link should have been the Northern Powerhouse Rail connecting Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds which provides greater financial benefits to a region in need of investment. But that runs contrary to Parliament's obsession with London and the southeast. HS2 is there to provide cheap labour to London. At £100 I see no justification for the project.
A few mistakes to point out. HS2 would only have been the fastest on paper on the day it was proposed. Our European counterparts have had trains that go almost 200mph for over 50 years and are planning to have even faster trains which will make HS2 one of the slowest lines in Europe. Japan has trains that go much faster than HS2 and are currently building even faster trains at a much smaller per mile cost than the original HS2 quote. This ignoring the fact that many parts of HS2 will actually travel much slower than the proposed 200mph as they will have speed restrictions on them.  We should also be asking if the saving of 7mins to get from Birmingham to London is worth the original £24billion price tag and all this is ignoring the fact that the North (Manchester and Leeds) was only added after huge uproar at how they weren't going to see the investment and then places further north and in Scotland don't even get a look in.  This is not a marvel of engineering, this is trying to copy what others have done over 50 years ago and making it shiner then everyone else.
Details on the engineering?
Progress is about imposing human will over nature. Environmentalists are fundamentally regressive for they want nature to be left as-is.
Nice to see an oil rich country flexing instead of all these middle east countries
There’s a saying that goes “nothing good is ever easy”. If people gave up everytime there was a challenge, nothing would ever be done.
While I've never seen a train in my life. I think some of that money should go into replacing older worn out trains with new ones on existing rails.
The concept is great it's just being ushered into existence by the biggest cohort of morons British politics has ever faced.
Very useful to connect the south with the south 👍
I regularly travel from Stafford (between Crewe and Birmingham on the west coast mainline) and the fastest none stop train takes 1h10 which is great but so often we are delayed because of slow local trains being in front or freight trains (the other week a broken down freight train delayed me by over an hour) and thus new HS2 will prevent this. I’m excited to be able to know I will get to London and back in a quicker time and with little chance of delay. Also being a full time wheelchair user, having the new Euston station having an accessible underground station (currently it’s a 10-15 minute roll over to st Pancras/ kings cross) will be massive for the many many disabled people whose trains go into euston and euston is breaking at the seams too so new platforms will make a massive difference. I think this will end up being an eventual success, hopefully burying all the hate and bad publicity.
I work on it, and I love working there. I know people who don't work on it who have benefited from the Nock on effect and it creates jobs. ❤
At point 8:58 shown the israei old rail next to mt carmel, what is the connection?
Herein the U.S.I watched with amusement when Amtrak built the northeast corridor. It runs from Boston to D.C. and uses Alstom power units. Those are capable of 200mph. To reach that requires a signaling upgrade.
It won’t even run into the centre of towns and cities, the time you save in the journey then getting connecting trains onto their destinations, not sure you’ll save much time, there is now a report that the terminal for London will be Old Oak Common and not Euston.
people have so much troubles these days why not to spend money for the real good of people? this is a corporations investment profit game
HS2 is a waste because it is a passenger link, Britain needs better freight railways ,take freight of the motorways, And improve the motorways,
This is the way England always was, all achievements gave been success if this method of working!!!!
High speed rail is a brilliant idea, would be good for the country. There are plenty of other countries that have done it right and faced initial backlash.   The issue with the UK one is that they aren't connecting every part of the country. Initially getting to the North of Leeds, forgetting about Newcastle above it. Cutting routes in the north to save money so they can just have another train from one southern city to another.   Should've started up top and worked down. Newcastle Leeds Manchester Liverpool need connecting more than Birmingham and London do. Can't see it ever reaching the actual potential it could reach.
I think they have got a nerve calling it High Speed 2 when it's not going to be finished until probably now in the low 2040's ( if ever ) ! It's more like SP2 ( Snail's Pace 2 )...it is a joke & an embarrassment to everyone & to top all that most of the good people of Birmingham won't be able to afford to travel on it anyway when it finally runs ! Pathetic when you really sit down & think long & hard about it !!
They’re saying it’ll bring connection, but if it costs the same as just Bristol to London, then it will just be prohibitively expensive. Booking a return trip 2 months in advance for out of holiday times in January for 6am cost £70 per ticket. The full trip to Leicester from Bristol can be 3 times that. So, less people use it even now than they otherwise would. In addition, existing lines are at capacity, so trains are full and I for one, choose a slower train on my commute because I know it is less busy. It takes double the time. Better, would be improving rail locally to take pressure off roads. For example, Birmingham, Bristol, Leeds, Manchester, and other dense cities would benefit from help with transportation like their own Tube.  Also, what they seem to forget is that although some people are happy to travel that far to work, most are happy with their closest city providing that there is work and good local travel.
HS2 will undoubtedly run for profit, so there's no doubt the cost of a ticket on the train will be massively exorbitant and will only be used by the rich fatcats
After the introduction of the High-speed Railway in Italy, the passenger shifted from airlines to railways.  It saves time cost increases capacity and economic growth.
Another 2 year pause. HS2 is like the Berlin airport
If we can just figure out how to kill everybody, then we won't have to build anything.  My life has been nothing but police state endorsed perpetual soul crushing structural violence, incarceration & pain driven suicidal despondency, surely nobody else's life could be any better than mine? Who's onboard with my plan?
I sure do love pissing away my taxes so that rich dickheads can get between cities.
The HS2 has become a joke, here is something to learn from a Chinese train accelerating to over 220miles/hr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dvpUkavwPQ
The HS2 has become a joke, here is something to learn from a Chinese train accelerating to over 220miles/hr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dvpUkavwPQ
Realy I like this megaprojects
Don't use same pix for Scandinavia and   England!
DON'T BE A BOOSTER FOR THIS PROJECT-your comment about it being "carbon-free travel" is what they call a lie-no-a big fucking lie
Watching this has me wanting to read through Sir Terry Pratchett's Raising Steam about bringing rail to the Discworld. In my mind England is as much linked to Discworld as it is Monty Python. I've put off Raising Steam thus far as it's one of the final books written by the late master and it's comforting prolonging the feeling that there's still more to read.
Better install MAGLEV train
Better install a Maglev that runs 500 km per hour
the real problem is that almost all the trains are fcuking empty! I came from Luton this week, managed to buy a ticket for 3 quid to London, amazing. Then why is all of them like with 5-10% occupacy? And in the meantime buses are slowing down city roads because ignorant people doesn't know about this option, why would they? They see that the train is 6 pounds more expensive so they take the bus. While in the meantime buses are almost useless for airport-london transfers. Same with travelling to Soton, I wasted 2 hours on the bus because  it couldn't leave the city because of the traffic jam, while in the meantime from the same place trains are going to soton fckn empty. But expensive. We must stop this!
I earn a relatively decent amount but I can't afford to travel by train in the UK, a return ticket between Manchester and London costs in excess of £100, I've travelled by train in many European countries and the trains are more affordable and more reliable.
225 miles per hour the fastest in Europe?? You gotta be kiddin..
What is your take on Patna metro being in the most historic and ethnic city of Bihar at Patna. Kindly Cover this also... This project is worth USD 4.5 Billion kindly this update also at yours youtube channel
The UK straight up has one of the most incompetent governments on the planet
Wow.
I work subcontracted by Thames Water who work for HS2 and it’s honestly amazing how closed minded people are, it provides jobs, and in the long run it’s going to revolutionise travel across the UK. These old people with silver spoons up their backsides can’t handle noise from sites
£100 per every person every week for 20 years are a lot of money
You have covered this with a neutral point of view. Just becoz your channel is infra related you haven't supported infra development at aby cost. Thanks for this informative video.
Should have it under ground all through london would've been easier Edited due to the sadness of nostalgia laws not existing
All of the environmental complaints would be solved had they put it completely underground. Of course that means more efficient tunneling. Why dig, grind & cut when you can use US mil tech to bore using nuclear tipped machines that meld rock into watertight tinnels of obsidian at miles per day. Oops, gave away their secret... Except its already in a 1966 US Patent called "Sublunar Tunneling Device" (or something similar)
The north south divide is not a bad thing. The north  does not aspire to be like London in the way people try to portray.
UK has another big plan Crossrail 2 and HS2 same time. It’s great idea. It’s take years to finish 😮
Why didnt they just do the whole thing underground it would have been cheaper and less intrusive
well at least the money that WAS going to the EU for nothing ..... ie : like a booking fee ..... is being spent at home
how about telling the people how much the current rail infrastructure cost to date ....including privately built .... as much was when rail first came to be
One of the biggest studies of it's kind has just shown that working a 4 day week is proving to be working. So HS2 can kiss goodbye to 20% of the projected revenue now. The lazy bastards who work at desks all day behind computers are definitely going to be saying they will have some of that now that it's been proven. I mean it's an absolute shambles. Scrap it now and save some of the otherwise wasted resources before it's too late
regarding the cost of the project - does this take into account the return to the treasury in  taxes etc.Also the boost in spending within the economy!
Amazing how climate change activists , support the Ukraine war as "globally necessary"
Good project with elites and their corporations creaming off too much benefits for themselves.
Can't get a dentist or doctor appointment, but fast trains yes.
I think a lot of the problem with projects like this (including California HSR) is that it just costs way more to do something like this as a one off or for the first time, without any prior experience, than it does for established industries in other countries. You're not just paying for the project itself, but also to build and train everything and everyone involved, and there is a lot of experimentation and inefficiency inherent to that process. So when you make an estimate by looking at per mile costs in the rest of Europe, it's wildly inaccurate. The key to doing this kind of infrastructure development sustainably seems to be never stopping.
It seems like the main issue with this project is the dishonest initial assessment of costs. The question is then if that was due to negligence or actual malice.
An interesting example (which could make a great video?) of where government has actually thrown in the towel and abandoned a megaproject is the Superconducting Super Collider in Texas, where the US spent several billion dollars digging what ended up as only a big (22km!) hole in the ground.
A plan that had everybody gasping; at the sheer scale of the project and, of course, the huge cost. How do we justify spending so much public money on what many see as a vanity project yet leave the building of nuclear power stations to foreign companies? Those foreign companies have built-in guarantees to be allowed to charge whatever they like when the power comes on stream. So the British public is shafted time and time again. As for HS2, the promised gains for travellers are already being amended. The finished article will bear no resemblance to the promised utopia.
This manager  has no idea what he is talking about he just wants t keep his job
Labour will cancel the project anyway thank god ,rishi wasted 500b on lockdown so he has no idea what he is doing .
It was a total stitch-up from the start, they new the cost from the start but knew if they told the truth they would not get it approved
Stupid project, very poor value for money.  Unlike the channel tunnel.  Yes the extra capacity is of some value, but not £100B. The time savings from increasing the speed from 200 km/h to 300 km/h aren't of much value unless the journeys are over 500km. Better to spend the money improving suburban rail / light rail / metro rail for the cities outside London - these are frankly in a dismal state when compared to provincial cities in France, Germany, Switzerland, Spain, or Italy.
rather the government use the money on this than having wars
We need investment in the future if we are to grow as a country. If we don’t we stagnate.
It is all about controle: the egyptians knew that all along. A fine strict workplan: the materials, the time, the skilled workers, every aspect should be carefully looked at before the start and during the building-proces. But......the theory has still to be proved by the practice. No place anyway for cheaters.
it would have to be subsidised if it is to have a hope of competing with air travel.We do the opposite in the UK allowing "friends" to form companies that milk the railways of money for  shareholders forever evan though it is meant to be public transport.If it charges reaonable EU prices i will use and if not I won't.
they could've used it for existing railways instead of wasting it on a million pound project such as this one
225 mph jeez
Why aren't these pomme twats building a hyperloop instead?
Had to laugh at the 'economic' justifications, particularly the one about commuters to London being able to live in lower priced areas - for the ten minutes before they push the prices up and make housing even less affordable for the majority who don't work in London.  With econonic brains like this on the case, what could possibly go wrong?  And, er,  why did we have to have the fastest trains in the universe?  Oh, of course.  Having the fastest, biggest, shiney-est, most expensive of everything is essential on a vanity project isn't it?   Perhaps those are alarm bells I keep hearing!  Channel Tunnel anyone? (Bankrupt, bailed out by the taxpayer)  M6 Toll road? (always virtually empty whenever I go past near Cheslyn Hay).  Mind you, at least with this white elephant, the taxpayer is being ripped-off from day one rather than at the end when the hard-up billionaires have lost a few bob.  Just hope no-one watching this needs an emergency ambulance any time soon, but if you do, and you're lying in a corridor for 18 hours, it'll be a great comfort knowing that there's a few people who will getting to London 30-odd minutes sooner.
12:47 speak for yourself
WOW!  It sounds like a worthwhile project, however, the huge amount of money needed to bring it to fruition simply staggers the imagination, or at least mine.
This is nothing lore than jobs for the boys 😉  Money to prop up businesses with links to certain voting shareholders.
I love these vids. Produced so well, and so in depth. He's a bit of a dish too. Could watch him all day long 😉
It’s worrying to see people claiming to be “protectors of the environment” having what is clearly a complete lack of understanding of how that’s actually done. Rail is one of the absolute best ways to protect the environment. It’s high capacity, low emissions, extremely efficient. The sheer number of drives and flights that get replaced by using trains makes them an absolute NO BRAINER for reducing emissions and protecting the environment.  These people shouting into cameras begging you to help seem to think that we can just stop driving and stop flying and replace it with nothing and remain a wealthy economy. That’s not how life works, build trains idiot.
Too much democracy is noice and defeats the purpose of having a good life.
Poms truly are whinging ferals are they?
I'm only 30 and I can still remember when London had English ppl in it.
And we have sewage running into rivers and the sea.this just shows how thick the government is.what aload of morons.
They said the Chanel tunnel was a waste and it’s made the country lots of money.
i hate nimbys so much
Thing is, the more people complain about it and drag heels about routes it’s just going to get more and more expensive so of course they’re going to cut sections so people stop being so outraged about the cost. If people could see beyond the ends of their noses it’d exist and would meet the original plans.
"carbon-free travel"?? How? "Mark is having a go at leading HS2". Having a go - tells you all you need to know about the idiocy of this pigs ear of a project. Horribly mis-managed
The HS1 is the Eurostar, people were against it at first, but now it is green, stops us from using the polluting ferry. People were opposed but now use it, and it has permitted economic growth.
I feel embarrassed coming back to the UK when Working in Germany we are way behind in infrastructure, get it built sustainably and we will have something world class instead of something from the victorian era
Isambard Kingdom Brunel would of have this done in a couple of years .....
Pro high speed rail however they should have started in Scotland and worked south, would have been far cheaper and quicker to link up cities.
Heart of Britain? Doesn't even make it half way
Haven't they already sent more than that to Ukraine
There are always huge benefits to these infrastructure projects, and sure, generally afterwards the public forget about the inconvenience and loss while the people badly affected move on and stop shouting about it. However, that doesn't mean what has actually been lost has been compensated for, or that the economic advantages have been worth the overall cost. This is an equation that every infrastructure project faces, but there is always a real possibility they will come down on the "not worth it" side. Such projects can end up only significantly benefiting a small segment of the then-current population, or come with enormous environmental costs, or the benefits are just an increase in convenience that people really don't need. People will always move in to take advantage of new opportunities, but who needed this project today and what price are those people paying?   Certainly stopping the project halfway through won't help anything, but critical parts of the project might need to change according to external factors, too. What does the balancing equation say about this project? I don't know, but I suggest experts in the relevant issues involved should scrutinise every aspect just in case changes do need to be made.  Generally at the moment, for all these big projects, the environmental cost is the most concerning. For example, planting trees to replace what has been lost is a good start, but you're not replacing the forest ecosystem that has been lost, nor the wildlife that lives there, and you need to plant the right indigenous tree species too. So, this isn't a simple situation, and that's just one example, while climate change is the big concern. The carbon footprint of these big infrastructure construction projects is huge and must be accounted for in the environmental cost-benefit analysis. Many countries are building these big infrastructure projects now, but what is the overall effect on our carbon emissions, and should we even be investing in new projects when we are struggling with critical environmental issues? Shouldn't we at least delay these projects until we have a handle on this global crisis (at least organisationally)? If we're not careful, we might end up screwing up the climate so badly that we need brand new different infrastructure in a few decades.
We have a similar sized projects in California with NO budget limit in sight! This story sounds EXACTLY like what the project sounds like here in California. CRAZY!!!!
As an Australian I can’t help but see the kinds of problems environmentalists sometimes protest in Europe kind of quaint or silly. Here in Australia we get a large part of our wealth from some of the largest mines in the world which impact the Great Barrier Reef and have forests as old as dinosaurs being chopped down (the oldest trees in the world) to make salt shakers with many football fields a day being lost, and environmentalists in Europe are protesting… 43 football fields worth of trees being cut down for public transport infrastructure.
Every few months, the scope changes... It's now going to be shorter, slower and connect fewer people than initially planned while still costing 3 times the money... an absolutely ridiculous waste of money and opportunity.
The Current Project will Hit 142 £ Billion. Mark my Words. Thank you 🙏.
Superb video and no matter the cost in the end, it will improve the country, by bringing people closer.   This should be something that all of Great Britain should be proud of being a part of.  I WISH we would see more of this in the United States, but American politicians are too busy wasting our spending on transgenderism, BLM and other USELESS causes!
If this country was the size of France or Russia, I could see the point of this
GB 🇬🇧 can’t seem to break away from regional and territorial mentality.
Uk sounds like California
Has the factor of what ones sees on the ride as in the scenic parts been taken into consideration that'd make the journey more pleasant?
top level systemic view.....  the need for service industries, with low wages, stop the ability for a city to climb financially..... people in Birmingham will be the teachers and dustbin men of London and then everntually Manchester...allowing those area to climb financially. ie get more expensive !!!! ... if you live in the midlands you are now the low class service sector for the rest of the uk... or you will be if you are there when this project finishes
All those extra cost could have been avoided if let Chinese doing the project, but never going to happen as a national security issue from the big brother. So the cost will keep going up towards finish and the ticket price will become unaffordable. Eventually all the money will be wasted.
20£ flights London to Scotland   Yes, I want to ride the stupid train…
A private company wouldn’t build it then the government shouldn’t.
People who live in cities don't need a super fast train to take them to their work in another big city.   The people who are paying for this and receiving none of the benefits are people in remote towns or villages that cannot find work outside of their town because public transport is so awful. A person who lives in Manchester does not need a job in London to receive a good salary.
If you simply look at a map of the UK and which areas will benefit, you'll see that once again, the entire nation will be paying for a project that benefits mainly London and environs. the same with Millenium dome, Art galleries, Crossrail, M25, Heathrow, bla bla- the list is endless. In the real north, we don't even yet have an east coast motorway north of Newcastle!! Cancellation of the Leeds extension (if not so dreadful) would have been hilarious.
Complete and utter joke. Lol. I live and was born in the UK. But this train is a joke. It has destroyed homes businesses, ECT. And is years behind. Taking up and dividing farmland. Why on god's holy earth did they not just put up a maglev.  ??  No land gets taken just a few Poles,. Built in months instead of years,. Far less servicing as there are no wheels. Brakes , in fact not many moving parts at all. By the time it's Finnished. It would have been a waste of time. It will NEVER make it's money back in five hundred years. It would have been cheaper ( do the maths ) to send everyone for ten years were they were going in a TAXI ". And the trains. ????? There already completely outdated. Get real train nerds.  A maglev ( magnetic levitation). Train would be up and running. With no outlay for land,  farms. Schools, homes. And four lots of rails going hundreds of miles. ,. What a government lol 😂😂😂😂😂
Meanwhile in AMERICA NOTHING... I FORGOT WAR MACHINES.
Even before watching this, I already can anticipate the story: taking far too long, considerably over budget, and controversial with a great many in opposition. This happens with every large transportation project in the world, I'm sure.
Every major infrastructure project started in Australia is be Labor the moderate Left. Then when the Right gets into power they cut funding and the project is considered a failure. And the media & right blame the left for wasting money on duds. Refunding these projects ends up costing double triple and the National optic fibre project has quadrupled because of the right cut public funds sold the tools and hired subcontractors to do a poor job which failed over and over
BoJo promissed this will be a reality soon! So..... Most probably we will never get to see it finished. Not ever. Ever, ever.
Decarbonise? One day it will be so obvious climate change is a complete fraud, and we have destroyed our way of life chasing rainbows.
worlds biggest project...well its obvious he havent been out from the country for a while...hahaha.
As someone who directly works on HS2 and sees all sides of the project, all I can say is that the anti's are anti everything, not just HS2, some are against it because they have personal investment in that area but are selfish and care little if at all about the future of the area or even the country.  The greatest thing about HS2 is the level of upskilling of men and women who have lost good well paying manufacturing jobs due to offshoring, HS2 is giving them a whole new set of practical and vocational skills and training.  I feel privileged to be part of HS2.
Who really needs to get from Leeds to London 12 minutes faster (or however many)? How many places do you think it’ll stop at? Not many or you’ll lose any time advantage so it won’t be of use to many people along the route. Still, it’s made lots of money for the Thatcherite brats and their millionaire mates…!!
Did Fred Mills get to keep his orange HS2 jacket? Did he have to pay for it, or was it a gift from the taxpayers?
All such vanity projects appears wasteful if not completed timely.
Wouldn't it be more wasteful to not finish the project at this point? The required infrastructure cost is backed by the taxpayer. If you start a big project like this and have already invested the taxpayer, just complete the damn thing.
hs2 completed in 2041 the trains & technology will be obsolete by then my money's on hyperloop cheaper to build & much faster journey times
As an American I am envious : I would love to have my country invest in such infrastructure , but unfortunately my leaders feel spend $2.4 trillion and 20 years in Afghanistan fighting terrorism  is more important .  The $600 billion we spend each year protecting America's interest **** still trying  to understand what those interests are as see the ( decay in my cities / homeless / crumbling infrastructure / poverty / etc. Ect. .  Well good luck England enjoy keep up the good work
This was so well done! Good luck United Kingdom, I wish you well from Texas!
Scrutiny in huge public contracts? We dont live on the same planet.
It would be great to have a video like this one about Tren Maya, which is being built in the Yucatán Peninsula to bring economic growth in an almost century long neglected area, yet it hasn’t been built free of controversies.
Stick with it, Japan ,a nation of world 🌎 leaders, excellent  👏
And why do we build hyper space bypasses?
Much cheaper to get trains running 120 yet still us3ful as twice as fast as a car or bus
Joining Manchester to Sheffield with a motorway would have been better it's 30miles and takes 1.5 hrs. we don't need to connect to London, we to connect better to each other.
I know I am late to the party on this one, but that is becuase I have avoided the video as I do not think that the HS2 is a good idea. While I like the concept of it and I believe that connecting the north to the south and public transport should be improved but it should be for the masses and not for the few as HS2 will ultimately be.   There is no focus on the fact that anyone who lives between Birmingham or London are getting no benefit from the infrastructure which is destroying the countryside. I am from Northamptonshire and so we benefit from having vairous trainlines we can use, but this is not one of them and yet it is destroying villages and homes to save a small amount of time. I am also concerned that the "easing of congestion" on the current railways will mean that the people like myself will see a reduction in the number of trains going through our stations.   I have nothing against the infrastructure and I think what the workers on the ground are doing is amazing and the levels of engineering is incredible, but i would rather see the giant bonuses that the heads of the HS2 project are getting (£30,000+) going towards improving the current rail lines, and paying the train staff a decent wage. Lower ticket prices is a better place to start than 100b on a line which will only benefit a small number of people in Birmingham.   Great work on the video as always, love the channel and I love the engineering going into the project. Now it is going ahead, I hope that it comes off for the people of the north in the long run and that the money is spent wisely as afterall, we are the ones paying for it.
Still no mid-speed, reliable, affordable East West lines.  Again.
In australia the NBN was our massive infrastructure project, oldies didnt see the need for such an expensive high speed internet network so once the liberal government was elected, they gutted it and left it half finished. Now the governments are having to spend more money than they would have before to fix it and actually provide the original NBN network plan. A huge additional cost of money that could have been better spent elsewhere if we had just stuck to the original plan that was far superior. The problem is people are selfish and only see what benefits them, and if it doesnt they protest and make sure projects get knocked back and so in the future, infrastructure lags behind and ends up costing the tax payer more.
I'd love to see an independent enquiry on how many politicians benifit financial from such an endeavor, ie shares in the companies that get awarded contracts.
Great video! The biggest problem in the World is that humans tend to act against all kind of changes in the world and in their lives. Why keep everything the same? Ofcourse some changes are very debateful, but huge and important things like infrastructure, MUST go on no matter what!  When the first trains went into service whole world was against it, now everybody uses it as normal. There was a first for electricity in houses, there was a first in phone-lines, there was a first in coax cable-TV, and even now there's a first in optical fibre network for internet and TV. Always people were against the infrastructure, and always people start to use it as normal.  For high speed rail is no any difference. And when the HS2 runs for 10 years all environmental surroundings looks like normal and it's just a train passing by. Look at the high speed lines in France and Germany, it's just totally normal, have only huge benefits for the people, and the environment didn't get hurt. The Earth always heals itself.  For this project I only question why it's not meant to go all the way up to Scottland in the first place. The longer the distance the more worth it's all the effort! I really can't wait to see a high speed rail from the Channel Tunnel all the way up to Glasgow.
No such thing as carbon free travel. All travel has a carbon footprint.
To back this controversial project you even put a hunky presenter to talk about. What a smart move!
Why is the budget so much high. Construction cost is high in  India and china we have that same project yet with low budget. We have achieved all satisfied desire infrastructure with in low budget. Can't your engineer or accountant re evaluation the project.
Waste of money I think. Brexit, incompetent governments, colossal sums of money spent on... a railroad -- the UK is imploding. For the money they're spending to build this godawful railroad they could've figured out fusion, or a genetic process to cure cancers, or build an awesome atmospheric carbon extraction technology, or pushed some other goddamn boundary. But no, we're doing what was being done 200 years ago. We're doing 10% of what the French did in the 20th century, for about 10x the cost. The UK is going to shit.
This is a UK issue, over budget and similar to most democratic country but not  in China and Chinese's p to project. China had built thousands of kilometer of HSR all over China, African and there rest of the world in the last decades and UK is talking about it after spending billions. Where is all these billions gone and still no HS2 but plenty of more talking after more than a decades.
No one wants to go to London anymore!
Frankly, it’s gone too far now to stop! If it was stopped the billions already spent really would be a waist! Frankly, it’s always been a case of keeping up with the joneses as for as the government has really been concerned with! France and Germany havre it! We want it! France and especially Germany after WW2 literally had a blank sheet of paper to start with anyway when it came to rail infrastructure They had the perfect opportunity to upgrade! We never had that! Anyway, ultimately, it’s just a general reflection of the government’s attitude to its nation os a whole! Rather see a collapsing NHS, food banks everywhere and escalating homelessness so this can spend best part of half a trillion not this! Great isn’t it!
In the Anglosphere, in the 21st century, infrastructure projects are make work projects. As manufacturing moved to East Asia, Western governments needed a way to employ former manufacturing workers, and the only low-skilled, labour intensive industry that remained was construction. So all over the Anglosphere we have housing booms and enormous, horrifically expensive infrastructure projects with no demonstrable value to society. The goal is to employ blue collar workers, enrich party donors who own construction companies and for politicians to get rich on graft and kickbacks.  £100B is 66GW of installed solar. Equivalent to about a third of the UK's electricity consumption. But that industry is far too distributed to earn graft from.
Who the f**k wants to get to Birmingham in a hurry . . . or at all for that matter?
I loved where the chief engineer was going to spend 10's of billions of dollars on carbon producing infrastructure in order " to decarbonize"    Seriously , you can't make this stuff up.  Why not just admit that its business producing carbon as usual, but we believe its' connection ports will help build up new economies in those areas ?  That's good news, probably, and without the BS.
I keep hearing how this white elephant is going to benefit the north.Newcastle upon Tyne is the North,NOT Leeds or Birmingham !
Euston, we have a problem.
"HS2 line will spread London wealth to other cities up North" ... how? How does a passenger train spread wealth on the scale of the country? Who wants to go to London anyway? It is destroying over 800 pieces of ancient woodland, and causing 10 years or more of roadworks and traffic everywhere around Midlands. All for what? For a bunch of people to travel back and forth which somehow will make North of UK richer? What is this bullshit? Clearly government has construction company mates that bribe them.
Why not just upgrade the relevant existing rail network with perhaps an additional track, supplementing it with perhaps some additional overland new routes/connections requiring minimal  tunneling or viaducts thru water-laden areas?
I guess the bigger question is how will all this get powered?
This was such an informative video.
We spent billions on a track& trace 🤕
China has built 2,500 km of more complex high speed rail quicker than the UK failed to build 150km🙄
Massive employment is a plus no matter the cost really. so long as we don't waste it on boses
As usual this will only suit parts of England.Scotland Wales and the north of English will miss out.
If this was to benefit anyone else other than London construction would have started in the north connecting Edinburgh Newcastle teesside and Leeds
It's an absolute farce, billions wasted on something that wasn't needed in the first place.
I find this rather stupid when they say the project when several times over budget…. Really it’s a government project its you that pay dearly not the representative that made the deal….so why would they care to make sure it’s on time and on budget!
Imagine how much train fares are going to be!
hopefully the north will benefit from this project
Cancelling the Leeds route is one of the biggest betrails of the north, Manchester already is very well connected and richer than Leeds, Leeds is the biggest city for the whole of Yorkshire yet gets shafted again
I'd rather see money "wasted" on infrastructure than spent on endless wars
How about we improve existing rail,, who cares about getting to a destination a few minutes earlier ? and what would the price of a ticket be ????  if it's not broken don't try to fix it !
Dear Brits, thank our Lord that you are being compensated for your loss in properties, in China, you would be made homeless 😂
What a waste of the British tax payers money
I doubt anyone will be able to afford a ticket
It's crazy to me how this country has gone from building the first rail infrastructure in the world to people getting uppity at building ONE high speed rail line. Why are we so infrastructure-phobic? Why do people want us to go from the pioneers of rail to the laughingstock of Europe?
I feel like prices should be evaluated more accurately, even if it takes more money to find out, as well as accounting for overhead in costs. Most probably knew it would cost more in the end but those who wanted it to pass probably made sure the price looked slimmer than it would end up being. I think social welfare and infrastructure and 2 unquestionable things to improve the lives of a population. The money will end up back with the population in the end but the infrastructure will stay. Honestly I think the Shinkansen like many have said is a really good example and in the end it will all be worth it. You just have to wait and see how long its reasonable to put of building this as at some point there will definitely come the time to overhaul infrastructure like this
What an amazing documentary-style video, loving it!
Absolute waste of money when we haven't even electrified the rest of our system and are still using diesel trains to get from London to Bristol
Everyone always shits on projects like these at their construction and conception. Then they end up being massively valuable pieces of infrastructure.   People’s paradoxical expectations of living a 21st century life in a developed and competitive nation while simultaneously never paving over another blade of grass is exactly the kind of shit that stymies our economy, and the quality of life for younger people.  This is so *clearly* a beneficial project to see through that it almost fascinates me that some people are asinine enough to oppose it as staunchly.
If we had the politicians of today and all the pressure groups back in 1800 then the industrial revolution would never have happened in the UK and we would be a back water island beholden to the might of the German empire.
Ha, That is nothing compared to the Victorian labor government down under,
I bet HS2 ticket prices would be astronomically high based on the current state of British rail.
This underlines a benefit of air travel that no one ever talks about - it needs no path infrastructure. This is a huge environmental benefit. It can also adapt to changes in travel needs and serve smaller centers directly. I have always supported high-speed rail, but I am questioning its value due to better online business communication tools reducing the need for travel, greater air safety (an 80-fold improvement since 1970), and the prospect of low-carbon electric short range aircraft.
How does a British person manage to completely butcher British pronunciations so much just in the name of sounding “more British”?!
Exceptional content! Thanks for sharing 👍
We should have high speed rail between London, Cardiff and Edinburgh, instead once again London is the focus while the rest of the country has to pay for it without seeing any benefit.
Firstly - two personal things about HS2 - 1/ I love BIG PROJECTS 2/ the Chiltern Tunnel has been bored directly under the family homestead. From the very first thoughts HS2 cut down entire forests just to supply their beautiful paperwork! Normally, when you get a notification under the Planning laws - it arrives on a standard bit of council bog roll and that's it; however; HS2 seem to want to out do the Russian artillery - great wodges of their stuff has cascaded through my letterbox, as it has done to everyone anywhere near the route. There are letters, glossaries explaining their words, processes, method statements and wonderful brochures and copious maps included every flipping time - I've stacked up mine in a pile and it now amounts to more than two reams of photocopy from OfficeWorld. Not that any of it is actually photocopy - it's all printed - they're all a work of art and I suspect a small army of such artisans are gainfully employed designing the next lot as I write!  Though now retired, I've been in construction virtually all my life ( my dad was a General Foreman so I spent time on sites in the 1950's ) I ended up running medium sized projects ( my dad didn't live long enough to see me make Site Agent - one leg up from him!) most of them difficult or in trouble. I've been  invited and visited the Chiltern Viaduct but I'm sure - jealous of the much better access they afforded to young Fred here - I expect the approaching 3 mill views and subscribers helped with that!  I don't think there's much differenced between people the world over - or for that matter since humans have been able to think - where there are people, there's politics. Whatever someone proposes there will be folk who oppose it and social media has heightened the arguments rather than settle them. Contrary to the views put forward by politicians, I think the main reason for HS2 was a desire to stimulate construction - of SOMETHING and once this idea gained momentum - it ended up as a railway. All the reasons FOR one were quickly made to cancel out any against, at least enough to wind up the clockwork. We've not built a high speed railway till now because our cities and towns aren't very far apart - and most importantly - there's so much stuff already in the way! Politicians haven't much clue about anything - if you ask one for the time he'll ask you what time you want it to and then start an enquiry. This is how Parliament has backed stupid plans before and will again. Folk that really know how things are done just sit back until the wind has settled and join in the bunfight. That's why the original estimate was £37billion - all the special circumstances were kept out of the figures deliberately - they always are. That's why site managers like me have Variation Books - they detail costs not in the Contract - there are Architects that know me as Mr Triplicate and my favourite quote as "sign here please." Very good video though, very polished ( pss.. give me a call if get another tunnel invite!)
The British people will pay for HS2 whether they use it or not
I cannot understand how this project quoted price was so underestimated. ITs like a home owner asked for a  full 2 floor extension into the garden, been quoted £45,500 and ending up with a small shed!. Only the government can do this as well as many other projects like NHS, for example as well as many expensive IT projects  of the recent past that have failed. Parliament is full of useless people who clearly have NO QUALIFICATIONS AT ALL.
The UK isn't that big anyway. That £100Bn would have been better spent overhauling our national rail infrastructure doing much needed repairs/replacements to reduce the endless delays and cancellations due to things like "signal failure" and "engine breakdown".   Also, personally I'd have like to have seen the undoing of as much of Beeching's changes as possible...
A new, modern northern rail should have had priority over HS2. But give it 30 years, and HS2 will be seen as a great asset.
IMHO, HS2 is a project to funnel public funds into the hands of political donors. It is not wanted and presents little benefit to the country. The existing infrastructure should have been improved first.
16:37 I support HS2 but £40M for a bat tunnel? We've lost our collective marbles.
Just another obscenely expensive project conceived by a self-serving government to spread so-called "prosperity" to areas of the country not yet connected to the City of London global finance administration centre. What benefit is it to ordinary people? So that we can slowly watch our world transform into a soulless crystalline temple for greedy parasites? No wonder all those Tory's backed the idea! Wonder how much the fares will be...
Fantastic, informative video! Glad this appeared in my recommended! 👏👏
As a Northerner I'm less interested in getting to London faster, and more interested in a)being able to move around the local area more easily, b) move around the North more easily, and c) get to other places in the UK without having to go through London. HS2 is going to be an expensive means to reach London a bit faster and, if it is expensive, will likely mean we have commuters moving to the North from London bringing higher house prices etc. None of this appeals.
Too bad that nothing about the expected return is mentioned. So the project costs 100BN, let's say the train only goes from London to Crewe. If the train rides 3x per hour, from 6h to 24h, both ways (x2), 365 days a year, then there are 39,420 train rides a year, let's round this up to 40,000 times. If the train's capacity is 1000 people, ticket prices are 200 pounds, and if they manage to make a profit of 20%, then they make a total profit of 40,000 pound per train ride. At 40,000 train rides a year, each train ride having a profit of 40,000, then the yearly profit is 1.6BN.   This would mean that the high speed train ride is profitable after 62,5 years.   I'm just pulling these number out of my arse, so no idea if that's a realistic number
Wish Australia would do a high speed rail way from Brisbane to Melbourne for access along the whole east coast instead of long drives or flying.
In 20 years it will be out of date. We'll probably have teleport or may not even need it when robots are doing all the work and we no longer need to travel for work.
The company /companies building it are having our pants down. Fact.
Can we all agree that this is quite a useless project? Like going to be finished in 2033, now might be finished in 2041? 20 years from now to have such a slow train going up there... in 2041 I'll have my flight taxi to get somewhere xD
This whole project is farcical and completely out of touch. Typical public project in the UK pandering to the south before all else.
i cant afford a ticket from brighton to london now
Ridiculous project. Public money being poured into the private sector, all to get a small minority of people into London faster.
Investments that always pays off for everyone in the end: infrastructure and research What old people see: MuH PeNsIoN aNd FavOrIte HiLl iS gOnE
The biggest thing about this is people from Birmingham have no desire to travel to London 15 minutes quicker The only thing this is going to do will be to push up property prices along the route where people from London were property is excessively high can spread out and buy into rural communities because commuting will be simpler The knock on affect being people priced out of living in their own towns and villages.
took 10 years for 5 miles
I love how knuckleheads who could not even change the wheel on their car give technical opinion on infrastructure projects of staggering complexity.
its useless, since it doesnt have any stops anywhere near me, goes from london to birmingham, who lives in birminham and works in london every day, not many, this benefits the elite few who will sit in first class going TO london then back home again to birmingham, its sucking more people from surrounding areas into london. It is destorying villages and homes on the way where people have lived all their lives. It is hemorging money left and right to the big fat cat contractors.
30 miles an hour "THINK OF IT GENTLEMEN?" they were travelling at lightspeed back then.
Another government debacle with no end in sight. I'll be dead before is finished
Inefficiency , cost plus, inefficiency , cost plus, cost plus, cost plus, cost plus, win win win for the contractors . Making fools of the government, and remember  Mark Thurston and a few others will be Knighted for delivering HS2 for over budget and NOT on time 😂😂
All imported of course and manned it cuts 30 minutes off the journey big deal just like Concord you can’t afford to use it haha unless you have a expense account
We are such a big country , we need an high speed railway so we can travel from Birmingham to London.....a massive distance...quicker.  which part of that statement is right? First look  the geography ,then the cost, worth it? Politicians looking for a legacy.
You can reduce the budget .By taking foreign asian cheap labour.try to use at 50percent of labor .
Sounds like the UK suffers from dysfunction like the US, although we look loads more incompetent.
Between the comments and the news about this, it's clear that Britain's most renewable resource is opinions.
When the CEO answers the question "Are there days where you question whether or not the whole thing's worth it?" with  "Err, no not really"   £622,700 per annum well spent eh.
It will eventually cost  200 billion!
It's a cattle herder- herding cheap cattle/workforce from Birmingham into London.
How much will these train tickets cost after we’ve spent all the money on construction. I guarantee the conservatives will sell the exclusivity contract on the cheap to their mates and we will pay extortionate amounts
It is understandable that residents near the route of HS2 oppose it during construction but, once the line is completed, they may be pleasantly surprised. HS1 in Kent has been well integrated into the landscape. A motorway consumes vast swathes of land, a railway only a narrow corridor. Motorway noise is incessant, the noise from a railway is intermittent . . .
cool...i wonder which european company the government will sell HS2 to.
The cost of our existing trains is out of most people's reach and HS2 WILL NOT ?
How many people will be able to afford to use it ?
If you're one of the 10% or so of people who live or work in London - yippee.  If you're one of the 90% of the people of the UK who doesn't, but are still expected to pay for it out of your taxes, then it's yet another dividing factor between 'them' and 'us'.  If the rest of the UK started voting for parties who are actually going to spend money for the benefit of the UK, and not just for London, we might actually get a government that is willing to develop the rest of the country which would benefit everyone and not just the 10%.
£110billion (and rising) would have been better-spent on reinstating perfectly good lines ripped up in the 1960s. It would bring huge economic and regenerative benefit to vast swathes of England where industry has declined, and spread the need for new housing around the country, instead of concreting over South Oxfordshire (where the highest developer profits are to be had).  Particularly grating is that £15-£20billion of tax payers' money will end up as shareholder and directors' dividends for the principal contractors.
Tickets twice the price for 30-40 minutes saving. No thanks.
Politicians get a huge power kick out of spending other-people's money.
It's only dividing the nation because of the piss poor communications around it and why it's necessary to unlock the rest of the railway network rather than just 20 minute faster journey times, as well as the extremely misguided decision to postpone or cancel parts of it that make the whole thing work. It's ludicrous that it's taken so long to get it done.
Most people won't be able to afford to ride this anyway.
225mph??? Sod crashing at that speed. You aint surviving that.
Jeez who's gonna be able to afford a ticket?
Not cutting down a forest for this and instead going underground is expensive but i have much respect for this decision.
Surprised that they haven't just started the line off in France to just go across the channel and given free tickets to every migrant who wants to come over... Looking after migrants seems to be more of a priority for the British government than looking after British citizens.
Ridiculous decision, a total waste of taxpayers ,ie my money. Conservative cronies getting rich with backhanded, the train will be obsolete and old by the time its finished, and bet your bottom dollar the price will rise again, 20 minutes off the trip FFS? This needs a public enquiry with normal taxpayers as it's a RIP OFF, like the wind farms, not fit for purpose re the monies it cost,  but like I said I'm sure there's a good few individuals getting very rich, a bit like that crooked Mone woman
This must replace air travel.
If you had done it properly you would have taken the route straight out the top of London to Edinburgh and stopped all the rubbish about independence. If think this will ever repay the cost you are off your trolley and don't understand maths. If you live in the middle of this construction debacle you would not think it so good! All this bull shit about saving things and increased capacity will not help.
Heart of England my fucking arse. You meant to say...  new high speed rail for London and the west. Beecham ripped up the heart of the country in the 60s. NO HS2 FOR THE EAST MIDLANDS YET ALONE THE EAST OF THE COUNTRY.  What a joke of a shit show
If you look at the flights in the UK and lets face it thats the market you are after it needs to be going to Glasgow/Edinburgh/Aberdeen/Cardiff/Newcastle not just Birmingham. you are saving 30mins to Birmingham you could save 4 hours to Glasgow.
The flipside of speedy connectivity is that Birmingham (and other places) become a London suburb. Winchester is a perfect example. Just over an hour away on morning and evening direct trains, people on London salaries price out locals on local salaries. Locals can now work in London, but they are just playing catch-up.
Im always fascinated how homo sapiens evolved to build things like that
let the chinese build this, they will do it in 5 years.
This glitzy presentation has missed out all the terrible desiccation in the Midlands, all hedge rows ripped out, woodlands destroyed, country lanes closed, properties demolished, and increased heavy road traffic. For saving 45 minutes. This project should have started in the North where they need the  transport infrastructure
The biggest problem with HS2 is that England isn't big enough to need high speed railway. What we lack is capacity (or rather, what we lacked before the pandemic when people still held all meetings in person), and HS2 is specifically about speed not capacity.
You should actually think about it like this: 1 pound per person per week for 20 years....  It's not really that expensive
£200billion on an already totally outmoded white elephant, destroying millions of years of strata in the process. In a country beset with a crumbling health service and education system HS2 has become a national embarrassment.
Ojala y el licenciado presidente se hubiera tomado el tiempo de ver proyectos como este antes de decidir embarcarse en el tren maya.
Cars are a much nicer source of transportation. They should invest public moneys in better roads and infrastructure. Not silly wastefull projects that get good press in fake news media.   In a car you have more privacy, more options were to go (not limited by bus/train stops), you can take your friends with you, take even 10 bags of shoping if you want or need...  Public transport seems like a step backwards not forward. Lets  ot go backwards.
Great nuance in the report and conclusions. Love that you put a light on the limits of public financing, as well as a paramount focus on the sense of economic growth. What I did lack was a more detailed review of the environmental argument and the compeititon with airlines and cars. I wouldn't be alone in saying the ecological crisis is the most important threat to society today. Questions like: Will saving and planting the aforementioned trees ever compensate for the large amounts of carbon-intense concrete used to build all the viaducts and tunnels? Will the rail line significantly reduce air and car travel on the London-Midlands-Birmingham corridor or with it mainly create induced demand? Is the timeline of the project compatible with the rate at which the ecological impact of the society must be reduced? Are there more cost- and time-effective policies that can be put in place to reduce the country's ecological impact? Is the perspective of increased economic growth on its own not an ecological disadvantage given the undeniable link between GDP and ecological footprint?  If you follow me along here, you'll notice I love trains and railways, but imho there are hugely better ways to improve public transport share and massively reduce the ecological footprint of the UK compared to building HS2.
Why  is HS2 not connected to HS1?  A passenger from the north wanting to travel to europe can look forward  to wasting time changing stations fighting their way across the hell hole that is London.
"economic growth" aka insane train fares.
Its just got to be done 150years since a new line ..the north getting left behind
It won't do much for the working class, only the toffs and well off will benefit.
Being a government project they could have made direct profits from new tenancies in stations in a mall/hotel. And reinvested that into the next section.
In terms of a public service, I don't see what or whom it's for.  Is there really such a huge clamour to travel between Birmingham and London that a whole new "high speed" link is required?  How long does it shave off the journey - 20 mins?  The only thing I can see here is that it is linking alternative airports to London, replacing the need for extra runways at Gatwick and Heathrow.  So no benefit to those regions of the UK.  And if people are going to use it for a commute, well that only goes in one direction, so you're going to get some hyper inflation of house prices in the Birmingham suburbs adjacent to the NEC / airport.  Not really what the UK needs right now.  The Leeds section just isn't going to happen, the Crewe one is pointless without Manchester as a connection (except of course for London commuter homes near Crewe).  This services the economy of London only, as far as I can see.  Again.  And we all pay for it, regardless of that fact.  Again.
I love climate schizos. "NOOOOOOOO YOU CAN'T CUT DOWN 5 TREES! IT'LL RUIN THE PLANET! MUH GLOBAL WARMING!" But continuing car travel is fine though,
It's not dividing a nation, the UK railway system has been a joke forever. Its needs overhauling.
How much of the protests are promoted and/or funded by hostile governments? I'm sure the same kind of protest were around when the Tube 'evolved' would anybody wish, today, to close London underground?
Why are the English Speaking countries so bad at building High Speed Rail projects?🤔 The U.S., the U.K., Canada, Australia, even NZ, all get failing grades. If Italy and Spain can do it, why can't the UK do it? Even Morocco and Turkey have HSR.
The stations are ridiculous and don't need to be that vast, the money wasted on the stations can be invested on the North
Who cares about carbon? It's a false flag constantly being waved by enviro wackos as an excuse to enact their economy-killing agenda!  Plants thrive on CO2, the more, the merrier!
But billions is laundered through Ukraine to enrich the NWO even more; that is taxpayer money and no one says a word.
Superb film. Capturing all the arguments and clearly explaining what's at stake in it's construction. A great watch.
Who tf wants to go to Birmingham quicker?
Can you please do a video on why it costs so much to build rail and roads? It feels like the cost of these projects should go down a lot as we build more and more and get better at it but the evidence shows the opposite: the cost has increased heavily in most countries.
By voting for the 2 main parties we did not choose this , they didn't put a cost of in their manifesto and with first past the post you have little choice than the two parties so in theory we didn't vote for it.  If they really wanted to level up why not start North and head south ? They would have certainly stuck to it all . We're also told in the railway dispute currently ongoing that passenger numbers are down ( lies ) if they are so down with them claiming people aren't travelling and peoples movements have changed why carry on with it ? This could have fixed the entire railway in the North which does have the most footfall on the rail . There'll be investigations in a decade much like the ppe scandal where nobody will be punished for the billions wasted.  And this doesn't even discuss the cost of the local environmental damage.  Everybody will pay for this and London will benefit only .  And the guy in charge isn't going to question it he's thinking by the time I'm done in retired and everybody will blame Westminster .  Plenty of businesses in construction will have made some £ and that will employ people but its minimal short term gain and we'll have long term paying for this pain , by strangling the Northern railway system.    Disgusted by the amount spent on this when so many struggle .
So exciting is this project that construction is going on 24/7  over the Christmas period at the London Euston end. I have it as background noise as I write.  :(
Just about bringing more wealth to London. Not supposed to benefit the rest of the country at all.
I feel like projects like this, costing this much, perhaps literally anything over £50Bn, should be consulted by the public, OVER a £1000 of my my money went to this, and I never got a say.  What point does uncapped government spending undermine democracy.  We're a tiny island, and I really don't think anyone needed this, just make the trains turn up on time in the first place lmao, I'm sure these new ones will be just as fkn late all the time, all for a 20 minute boost to some people's productivity.
People complaining about infrastructure projects affecting their lives today are happily enjoying projects that affected previous generations.
The money involved is staggering. I'm an a electrical engineer and I've had lots of  contract companies in the last few months enquiring about my availability to go and work on hs2 in london. For personal reasons i cant work away from home at the moment but i will be in the future, the hourly rates on offer are nearly double that of usual contract work.
Should build the norther powerhouse rail first
Shows the North/south divide perfectly
Our government and disappointment.  Seem to go hand in hand.  This project should have been started at the other end, the northern end, because then it would have been better and not the open ended mess it has become, I do not take away from the engineers and construction workers, those guys i bet have worked hard and strived for this project. Our country needs to get it's priorities straight.  Starting at the london end???  BAD IDEA.  Cutting the high speed stuff at the other end, bad idea..  They should have started up there, because then those people wouldn't see this as a hollow gesture.  The people are there keep seeing their towns and cities passed over for london projects and money being spent else where. Leeds and the north deserve their high speed link sooner rather than later.  I am from London, the Elizabeth Line just opened, but it has teething issues like anything, I ended up spending 70 quid getting home because of a signal failure. What do you do when the railway fails.. and what if you don't have the money for a hotel or a ticket via an alternative route.  This could have been a great thing for the north, now it's just a joke to most, our government and it's middle management are pants! plain and simple.  All the technical clever stuff and real hard work on this is now shadowed by their failings.
We've gone beyond the point of no return.
Good job we have amazing work ethic in this country 👏 👍 👌
Great video the Freddy and b1m,  a simple  explanation for this problem. The only way really affordable is by switching  source of energy ASAP for net zero carbon and our energy security.That's why in the UK  infrastructure across the North  sea to a mixed renewable hydrogen economy means affordability in hs2 a certainty. This being  even better than post ww2  affordability after having peaked in affordable hydrocarbons before the great financial crisis 2008!
Like we are sure that all that money went to the people that worked the hardest. I did a big belly delegator count, extrapolated that to the project and the results are: the food and entertainment bill must be enourmous for the "meetings" alone. The rising cost reminds me of a passage in "Servant of the nation" where the cost gets called trough several CEO multipliers. You know politicians go out in the dark for a reason.
people that are not busy working got to find something to do like going against anything, everything for the hell of something. it's all about a thing that started from nothing
Trees 🌳 has been there for 100 years... 😳😳😳😳
The issue is that they build project like this in the wrong order. Instead of starting with the part furthest away, they would remove the option of re-thinking a project in such a way like this, were the promises just fall apart. When the furthest away stretches are built it is highly unlikely that a project then will get abandoned. What might happen is that the cost is saved by finding a way to connect the outskirts, of the largest city to the center, rather than having the high speed train continue, while still offering great benefits. After all, some of the use will be connecting people to an important airport, and others that work in London in this case, actually don't need to get to the center. But the city and the outskirts might get updated infrastructure project that still decreases the travel time, compared to existing solution, thus making the difference less than expected when the project was first started. And if commuter lines can be opened connecting the smaller cities at first, those regions gets to experience the benefits, and the project will get a more positive reception. London, while having a housing crisis like many other bigger cities around the world, still is a strong functioning economical zone, the biggest advantages actually comes from growing the economic activities in other areas, and that is not necessarily by connecting more people to London and have people commute out of London for cheaper housing, it might actually come from several of smaller cities being more connected. Connecting cities outside of London, actually comes with a risk of hurting local businesses, but if those first get a boost from becoming connected to other cities, the economic zone between all those cities might actually become strong enough to survive the risk of connecting them to London. And at the end of the day, it is however much more likely that the project will end up fulfilling all the promises of reach made initially, if the last bit comes down to whether or not the station will be in central London, or in the outskirts, compared to the smaller cities further away, or on the way, that are typically cut in projects like this, or the start and finish is in total delayed by decades.
the biggest failure of HS2 imo is starting it in London and working north, rather than starting in the north and working south. it would have had a lot higher approval rating if it promised to better connect the north first
the biggest failure of HS2 imo is starting it in London and working north, rather than starting in the north and working south. it would have had a lot higher approval rating if it promised to better connect the north first
It's inevitable that high-speed rail will replace old rail in all developed countries for passenger travel. Delaying it only brings higher costs.
The question should not be "How much does it cost" ? but instead " What's the price of not building it"?
This is the difference between short term Western political thinking and that of Chinese long term thinking, who has built 17000km of high speed rail since 2003
No benefits to the north so why should we fund it?
Train tickets are way too expensive too.
They say biggest in the world yet it doesn't come close to China or Japan and many others.
"We want sustainable low-cost rapid transit!" *builds rapid transit* "No"
cool project
I won't be alive when it opens fully. 💀
By comparison, the ancient tracks from Boston to Washington will never get more than tiny touch-ups.  The tunnel in central Baltimore might have to fail, requiring emergency replacement.  Perhaps the same with Hudson River tubes.
This hits on every aspect which the monotone idealists and utopian types refuse to take note of (not that they show signs of cognition beyond their dreams)  Public transportation will help massively. It'll take folk off the roads who arent exactly comfortable with even having to drive, making way for us who do, as well as help with pollution.  On the other hand, the reality is, unless this infrastructure already exists, they have to not only build from the ground up, but displace folk to do so (at least to put it where It'll be effective) The guys who's job it is to greenlight this stuff have halted such ideals on that alone, before the default ballooned funding talks can even take place.  Yeah it can help, but unless these idealists are gonna foot the bill themselves, it's distant at best. Some cities weren't even built with this stuff in mind, and are way pass the point where such talks will even stand. As someone who isn't about the blind idealism, I don't fault it at all. Cold hard reality will always take precedent over mindless dreams.
public transport can never be "too expensive" if you need it. The need can be sometime be questioned
The north / south divide is another reason Scotland wants to leave the UK,
It COULD BE greatly less expensive, IF wealthy people didnt have to have all the train stations look like museums and works of art. They could easily scale down the luxury part of it and make it much MUCH more doable and have it much quicker. But those elites have to have it ALL.
A total waste of taxpayers money................destroying the countryside for no gain.
SHOULD  HAVE  GOT  CHINA  TO  BUILD  IT  ,  QUICKER  &  CHEAPER .  WE  THE  PEOPLE  ALWAYS  GET  RIPPED  OFF  BY  THE  CITY  OF  LONDON  BANKSTERS :
There’s nothing like watching people fuss about “wasting” money on things that improve lives while staying silent as the military budget increases in order to destroy lives.
around 18 minutes mark, I started to realize how shitty the costs were for what you were getting for. how do you get 3 times the original estimated cost, that's a very shitty estimate. absolutely incompetent, should have just had companies from around the world compete for the project and had them take the toll for exceding the budget. hire another company to get the safety checked out.
Phew! What a waste of money when  so many people are sleeping on the streets and hungry
It is the future, trains are best short travel 🎄
This project should never have happened. It's clear that it doesn't actually benefit anyone other than greedy people. Firstly, the high earners of London who can have a short term benefit of renting, buying a property in a cheap part of the country before the house prices shoot up because of the fast train connection. Secondly, the train companies, who will be able to charge double price to what they already charge for slow trains. Thirdly, bankers and landlords who will benefit from using the existence of a fast train service, to increase their rent and mortgage rates. Almost forgot, councils who will decide everyone living near one of these stations should now pay more council tax because the house is worth more now.  Maybe if mortgage and rent didn't exist then this kind of fast train service might benefit everyone in the country, especially if the train companies are all nationalised and ticket prices are fixed at a lower more affordable rate but I think everyone knows that's never going to happen.
Come on ! The Chinese have. built 25,000 miles of high speed track in 20yrs.2,800 bullet trains.We're crap at building anything & the Japanese are prefabing the trains for us to assemble here - pathetic.
Neoriberalismus ist die noch schlechtere Form vom Kapitalismus.Infrastruktur die den Staat,also den Volk gehört ist immer gut ,vorrausgesetzt die Züge die darauf fahren auch nicht Private gehören.Im Land von Robin Hood sollte es auch den Dümmsten Klar sein.Magrid Teacher hat viel zerstört.Bahnen sind immer teuer und immer  ein Verlust geschäft für sich gerechnet.doch für die Entwicklung für eines Land ein Gewinn.Nimmt euch die Schweiz zum Beispiel.Die sehr früh angefangen hat mit der öffentliche Infrastruktur.Dabei ist HGS nicht der wichtigste Faktor sonder ein Integraler Tacktfahrplan Wo Bahn ,S bahn und Bus aufeinander abgestimmt sind! Schlechtes Beispiel ist Deutschland die auch die HGS  nicht abgestimmt haben.und ein Tacktfahrplan erst beginnen.Im Vergleich zur Schweiz werden sie 30 Jaher später sein....Aber auch hier war der Einfluss der Privatisierung eine Grund dafür und die Automobillobby.Und Folglich der Presse und der Politiker.In der Schweiz dank der Direkter Demokratie haben Luftschlösser auch keine Chance.Bevor der längste Tunnel der Welt gebaut wurde gab es verschiedene Flankierende Masnahmen die wir abgestimmt haben...Und ein Ganzes zusammenhängendes ergeben.
But why would you need a high speed rail in a a place as small as the UK? With the money you waste on such a high speed network  I have no doubt you can built at least two regular ones . Sure the journey will take slightly longer but again UK is tiny . The distance between London and Manchester is a mere 200 miles . Whether you take this distance in an hour or for like two and half hours doesn’t really matter much . This seems like English ego and wanting to be known as having the fastest train rather then actual practical infrastructure decisions
What about the South being left being lmao
The very short video snippet of Hoover Dam must be very old.  Lake Mead behind it hasn't been that full in at least 20 years, is only half full now.
Great idea but the U.K will screw it up by charging crippling high ticket prices just like all other train ticket prices.
More expensive for 20 minute saving and while other advanced countries have built or start thinking about Maglev which was a british invention which would considerably faster than Railed transport and not a mention about building a Maglev instead, weird that how MPs get the money to pay for old Technology by lobbyists must be the same lobbyists that persuaded MPs that wind farm machines need blades when the new ones don't... Hooray for THICK MPs..😡
Really pisses it's not coming to Leeds now! Essentially useless to us now!
I swear eco protestors are funded and organised by foreign actors. Any progress is immediately stopped and is keeping Britain from modernising. If I were China I would keep Britain from advancing by funding them to prevent any progress.
I have an invisible friend called fred, to quote the nice chap from HS2... "you've got to believe", Well i believe in my friend fred..  The HS2 proposed was a good idea , cutting down / destroying ancient woodland not a good idea only to then not build the leeds section???? WTFuzz  YET again, let the whitehall guys and their jobs for the boys attitude.  if it was £100 per head and it got to leeds.. great...   it's a £1000 per head and doesn't go to leeds at highspeed.   Getting the sheeple to work, they don't want people from leeds working in london? I don't even know how to react to this!  What a massive joke.. Great video dude!  but all it has done is make me wish we did away with the political system and actually started appointing public officials on their skills not their background, family and status.  We might be  better off doing away with the red blue yellow arguments and start letting more stuff go to public vote. However!!  It's time politics goes away! What made this expensive a bunch of bloody idiots who didn't do their due dill properly.
Absolutely brilliant video
Britain will gain from the HSR. Pity it wont be running right till Aberdeen.....
Does it about England, not about Russia? ...
Being from East anglia, HS2 is harsh. It could make a commute to London 20 minutes for me but nope. There's also no route to Birmingham from here either. Guess we are going to get forgotten
We seem to be decades behind other countries building these modern infrastructures..
Don’t forget that these high speed lines are designed to help people in the Midlands and the North to get easier quicker access into London on a daily basis. London desperately needs more people to be able to afford to work there than is currently the case and London wages are often higher than other parts of the country…
Finally a country in Europe takes up to modernize its infrastructure - over due, but very happy it is happening!
I just feel that it is an opportunity lost not to run in to St Pancras and direct connect to Europe
How come 50 years ago when bullet trains came first and they still needed to work on the technology they still made it for a fraction of the time and budget and today with full understanding of how HSR works it takes much more?
"low carbon" was mentioned several times by the project manager. How long does it take to offset the carbon footprint of this project?
"The North" a bunch of Southern fairies in Manchester??
I really want HS2 to work I want it to connect many cities because all those shops, the maintenance, cleaners, Electricians, engineers, builders, security the ticket officer the drivers everywhere will need people to keep those stations and buildings going the amount of jobs it will created when it’s finished will be massive it’s what the country needs it’s costing loads yes however the amount that it will generate is far greater for many years, It’s worth the struggle now for the massive pay off later, It will make so many cities bigger bolder bringing the future to the public making a brighter better future it is worth the wait.
HS2 will only have an economic benefit for those who are already doing very nicely for themselves. The people and places that actually need an economic boost won't see any benefit from this project, and they may in fact find themselves struggling even more.
i believe the Chiltern tunnel runs near where my mum grew up and also near where my grandma lives
It is always amazing (and depending on one's mood, either extremely funny or intensely depressing) to see Brits raving about technical feats and projects (HS2 and Elizabeth Line, just to name the most iconic ones) comparable to identical ones realised elsewhere (Europe, Japan, China) years and sometimes decades ago... and almost completed with a large comprehensive network while here in England, they're still in a burgeoning state and not really close to completion in a foreseeable future. And what about an embryonic HS2 not even connected to HS1 and consequently remaining apart from the rest of the European high speed network. Probably to prevent any Brussels contamination or post-Napoleonic invasion, who knows.
31:05 - you have put a small short clip of what I presume to be Stonehenge. Stonehenge is down in the west of England and therefore wouldn't be touched by HS2. But it gives the biggest headache for the west of England during the summer, bank holidays, and Christmas due to the a303 passing right by and the bottleneck it creates.   Now one can only assume that those tunnel boring machines will be sent to that region to get on with a tunnel to stop the rubbernecking and then get some progress down into the southwest. The government's in the past of the UK have said that there would be an infrastructure project for that area that included a tunnel to bypass that monument and therefore cut journey times.   During the summer journey times could be cut by over 1hr from solstice park to the a36 junction by a single tunnel. Carbon emissions would be greatly reduced from  the reduction of roundabouts that need to be navigated, and the stop start nature of traffic passing the stones.   It's not just the north of the UK that suffers.   The west and southwest has a massive deficit compared to London. Journey times are shocking, and the cost on the train is staggering. From Heathrow to Taunton, via Paddington you're looking at £74 for one way!!! And the train was late leaving. The journey time wasn't bad.... Just the amount of slowing down due to other trains using the line.
My regular train ticket to go to London 50 miles away is £32.90. Even more if you just turn up to the station without a pre booked ticket bought a day or two earlier. I can't imagine what it would be on HS2. The only way we could see lots of high speed rail in the UK is if the government nationalizes the entire rail system, but they won't and I'm not 100% convinced Labour would be able to pull it off either.
the biggest failure of HS2 imo is starting it in London and working north
usual balls up
Nation with stupid ppl fighting for stupid reasons as usual... sometimes I wonder if they got this first world third world thing wrong lol... why argue against infrastructure upgrades? lol
Britain doesn't have modern railway skills any more. The tunnel boring machines are German, the trains are being built built by Japanese and French companies, and the advanced signaling systems are being drawn up by German, French and Japanese companies. All HS2 will do is to get people to Birmingham slightly faster, and who wants to go there. It will never reach Manchester, the cost is too high. It's all about London really.
If every perviouse generation of people would decline their current infrastructure projects, it would be so bad for us now. This project is great for the longevity for infrastructure.
These environmentalist are really getting on my nerve. It feels like their perfect solution is to go back to the stone age. Trains could be completely neutral if we were to have enough energy available. Expand on nuclear power and the power grid itself and you've got yourself the greenest form of transport ever.
It really gets on my NERVES when elderly people think they know where the money is wasted. If we had this mentality back in the 1910s, then we wouldnt have had vehicular roads because the grandpas and grandmas of 1910s said so. Shut up and get back to taking care of ur grand kids smh. Let the people who have more than 2% idea of wtf it actually is decide.
Its a white Elephant.
Many countries don't understand the cost to benefit ratio of high speed rail... It was a resounding success in Japan because of a very large population density and a small geographic area. The UK massively overestimated the cost to benefit ratio. The over run costs will result in the project costing more than it is worth. The UK taxpayers will be paying this off for 100-200 years.
'Carbon Free' and 'De-Carbonize' are leftist-lies pushing for socialist government run transport to take the place of far faster flying on private airlines. The longer the route, the more ludicrously wasteful rail becomes.
It's simple math that you never mentioned.  There is no accounting of where the money is going.  So the politicians have shell companies that are soaking up the money.   They gave you the initial 32 billion budget so you would bite.
Its going to do nothing for this country but put it in debt it will never recuperate.
Politicians always take the cost of something and divide it by the number of the population to give the cost per person. But that's not correct. The cost has to be divided by the number of TAXPAYERS - and this cost number is hugely higher than they declare!!
Hyperloop from London to Norway
No wonder UK is sinking
Craziness of leaderships in all ways
Wow, with that speed, it’s only gonna take 70 years to reach Belfast, and not much more to get the line to Edinburgh. Way to go, Brexitons!
“Climate EMERGENCY!!”   LOL  Fools
17:05 min. It’s kind of calming (in a sarcastic way) that ridiculous budget overruns aren’t unique to my home country. Bureaucracy and taxes unite the governments all over the world.
It’s worth the cost. Keep digging.
Why the surprise? It's the UK's SOP - another totak coc*-up. Britain muddles through again. And big money/NIMBY of the 1% getting their way.
China has built 20 times the length of HS rail in half the time
Government can't build shit! specially rail
2041 .. say what!!??
Congrats the UK is 40 years behind Germany
How are you going to decarbonise anything if you don't plant any trees.
It would seem that the UK is the last western European country to jump on the proverbial train (high speed train in this case).   A strong argument for opposers are some of the lessons learnt by other countries. For example, since the opening of the high speed train connection between Brussels and Paris, crime in Brussels has been exponentially growing. Most crime (and criminals) use public transportation, with trains being the perfect tool of anonymous travel to places far away from their homes in order to commit anonymous crimes that can never be linked back to them. I'm sure the safer cities along the HS2 network will notice a similar increase when criminals from higher crime places are injected at high speed.
if funded by tax ayers money, why does Esuton station need such a fancy roof, keeep it simple and most cost effective.
We can't afford to run a health service but we CAN afford this! MADNESS. 🤔
I live near Leeds.   We were promised HS2. Then at some point a Metro system was proposed to connect all of West Yorkshire down in to South Yorkshire at Meadowhall shopping centre as a replacement.   The current "benefit" we have been promised is now that Northern rail has been re-nationalised we will have a reliable train service with none 1980s Pacer trains. The new stock isn't a million miles better (30 years late), neither is the service sadly (the staff do what they can for the most part).  We've also been given a mayor who offers cheaper bus fares, on certain days. On old, unreliable, failing busses.   HS2 is just something else Northerners are expected to pay for without any benefit within our lifetime, if ever, and just be thankful that other parts of the country are benefiting from it and growing on our backs.  The whole northern powerhouse marketing slogan is a bit of a joke when you look at investment in the country as a whole.  HS2 is just one example of how the North is just an after thought. Leveling up only works if you work from the weakest to the strongest, not always strongest outwards, at least in my humble opinion.
Climate emergency lies are what is destroying this planet.
That's £150Bn railway line, probably more.
1:59 I'm sorry to interrupt, but.. Why does Boris Johnson sound so much like Wheatley at the beginning?
Can't really see any actual reasons for this railway as you said in the video Birmingham and Manchester are already directly connected with London, and time savings of 30 minutes is ridiculous
The cost of the train ticket is going to extortionate. Let's hope train lines sort out the housing problem too, as cities have become too expensive, and low/middle income earners have to move further and further away from their source of employment to house themselves.
"Unlike Spain, Uk major cities are much closer together" More or less like in Italy where High Speed trains (Freccia Rossa and Italo) run without problem from Milan to Bologna to Florence to Rome, since 2008. Just saying.
The " CLIMATE-BULLSHIT-PROPAGANDA " leaves a stench every where it's sold as reality , ---  A FOUL STENCH OF TOTAL DECEIT IN ACTION  pimped by morally challenged souls ! ---- Awakened minds know better then to accept such SILLINESS AS REALITY --- that is , when you do the research and learn for yourself ---  WE HAVE BEEN HAD BY 2 FACED DESPOTS TO HUMANITY with their DARK HEART AGENDAS operating non-stop 7/24 planet wide  !  --- this created climate change IS CLIMATE BULLSHIT --- LIES SPEWED FOR DARK HEART PURPOSES AGAINST HUMANITY ----  from Canada  J.
Obviously, all anyone living in the North dream about is getting to London a little quicker... It just wouldn't make sense to improve infrastructure between Northern cities, or even business centres, would it?
no body uses existing rail as it is because its too expensive and overcrowded because theres not enough of it.  itsd more expensive to use trains than it is to drive and the trains are often delayed by hours and dont run at all
How much precious dwindling green land, woodlands and historical buildings have been sacrificed for this
Spain is the top country with high speed train in Europe and it is far ahead of any country in Europe right now. The UK focused too much in London and let the rest of the country get old.
has anyone asked the working class taxpayers they can't heat their homes and are struggling to put food on the table if this is worth the cost
With more immigrants coming in no doubt we cannot support ourselves let alone more immigrants
and the germans want to spend 100 billion on their army smh
The problem here is that this is disinformation lookin through a fish eyed lense of unreality and politics. Dont beleve in what they tell you in this film  There was no proven business case and therefore HS2 died years ago,  HS3 may stand a chance however political positions and over spending will push up this cost to a no ansawer which this film refers to.  So HS3 is simply a proposition without the bloat political spending concentrating on what is needed and leaving the nice to haves until 2050.  The main requirement was simply to increase capacity from manchester to the southeast to allow existin trains to arrive at there destinations 15% more quickly. This will not require a completely new gravy train of inefficeint new passenger trains with seemly no value whatsoever.  Then you look at the engineering infrastructure updates which need building under existing plans.These capacity improvements were designed to increase freight capacity and speed removing some freight from conested road routes. As a concequence increaseing the speed of existing passenger services to make the target 15% speed of passengers. All looks to be a sensible business case fo HS3 delivered b 2035. Not the failed HS2.  Then the politics.....individual MPs and lobby groups wanting the straight A to B route to snake around the countryside to put in stations into cities which would not be connected by this line. An example to this would be a separate route to leeds costing billions.The common sense approach would be to upgrade the the exsting manchester to leeds line.  The traveller. In time the traveller would need to pay for this line.The payback period disappeared from 25 years to nearer 50 years anoter words NEVER.  Conclusion the poorest in society would have to pay for this project like hinckley point with no ability to afford a ticket to use it, no jobs would ever be offered to the longterm unemployed and severely disabled as the law required. Conclusion this is tax payer money been spent for private gain. Again the project should be only to provide existing capacity for freight services.  Clearly any high speed element is clearly not proven, any short term job boosts have very little merit as most economic value is likely to come after 2050 and short term construction costs are limited to private sector gravy trains only excluding the blind and severely disabled from the legally required 5% quotas for such jobs of these legally protected groups. Disabled charaties have demanded 60% reductions in the final ticket price for the severely disabled blind UK citizens to allow finacial access to the merits of this project.
Dark-skinned people are the *first* people in Europe. Present-day Europe is the result of successive near-total population replacements within the past 9000 years or so via light-skinned settlers from the Middle East.
WELL PRESENTED  This is a well presented video covering HS2.  The costings of HS2 are clearly increasing far beyond those of any other major infrastructure project and will continue to do so. It is an ill thought out project which has merely inspired politicians of every political hue to 'want a slice of the pie'....  The continuing fights over the routes north of Birmingham, where cities are falling over themselves to have it pass through, or nearby, to them.....plus the myriad MP's who want it to pass through their constituencies, (and with a station too please), confirms this for us on a daily basis.  Starting it south to north or vice-versa is of little consequence in the grand order of things, though clearly the London Centric mode of thinking is ever present where infrastructure is concerned.  That the final route was not determined before even the first sod was cut tells us all much of what we need to know. The fact that there has been no complete assessment of the soil structure along the full route defines the matter even further.  It is one thing to run into unexpected soil and ground conditions, as you go...and once the ground has been surveyed. It is another thing completely to just come across things and then simply state that 'conditions are challenging'....or some similar such phrase....  There are cost implications when plans go awry because something unexpected has been found, and there are increased costs simply because the project is 'winging it'....  Sadly, there would appear to be considerable elements of the latter with HS2.  Sold on the rather dubious...and clearly incalculable basis of 'Benefits to the Economy'.....and at a time when, through increased inter-connectivity, we have less need to travel for business, it is hard to fathom the logic of spending so much money merely to reduce the London - Birmingham travel time by less than 40 minutes, and the London - Leeds travel times by less than 30 minutes.  Hardly enough time to serve a train full of passengers a cup of coffee....!  HS2 is being portrayed as putting the UK back at the front of Railway Development. It is, of course a nonsense since it implies catching-up with the rest of the world. This is being portrayed as 'Speed'....err, well, Higher Speed.... as the desirable aim.  Rather interestingly this portrayal of 'Speed' for its own sake does not stand up on the World Railway Stage....and has to be applied to comparisons with Europe. Leaving aside the fact that 'Catching-up with Europe' is a meaningless concept....but hey, there you go..!  The basic flaw in all those projects which seek to increase train speeds across the UK, is that no consideration is ever given to what the best optimal train speeds should be. Everything seems to be determined on just calling for faster speeds.  Much of this stems from the concept of the Privatisation of the Railways when the majority of the operators coming new to the railway scene were bus operators. Whilst they had no idea of just what it meant to run a railway, they did rapidly discern that the railways were just another form of bus service....and one which if it could go faster...and stop less frequently...would pay dividends.  So it has come to pass...  Leaving aside major long distance routes, of which there are relatively few, there is hardly anywhere in the UK that is more than 90 miles from the sea. As such, this equates to a more than acceptable top speed, for most trains; something that can be achieved with line and route upgrades.  A case can be made for longer distance trains to travel within 100 MPH plus and sub 140 MPH speeds....but that is more than enough.  It is more than adequate that Manchester / Liverpool - Euston, and Leeds / York - Kings + take approximately two and a half hours. Any and such improvements upon this can and should be achieved using a mixture of line and route upgrades, AND, an improved mix of stopping, semi-fast and non-stop trains.  Sadly, the cost of even the most minor of upgrades is now costing what has so far been spent on HS2, (£15B), with costs escalating with every project.  Even the simplest of line improvements, (a quarter mile or so with track and signalling changes), costs £7M.....whilst the most basic of new stations comes in at around £3m.  Much of the increasing costs for new stations comes from the fixation with the Disability Discrimination / Compliance provision, where we can expect to see stations built with expensive lifts at every turn.  Little thought is given to location and the consideration that relatively easy access can be given to platforms without the need for lifts. The answer is to put in lifts to start with...so a couple of £Million without blinking everttime.  HS2 is a 'Vanity Project'....something beloved of our modern political elites. They are in the hole they have dug for themselves and they keep digging. More money is the answer.  Attendant to this is the continuing fixation with so-called Carbon reduction ..and Carbon Neutral travel. It is a small step towards controlling the way in which people will be allowed to travel....and to regulating them more if they do.  Those who promote 'Vanity Projects' cannot countenance failure. Failure is a sign of weakness....or more accurately, (if they wish to consider it), that they might have been wrong from the outset.  Nobody has the courage and political will to say enough has been spent.  I take the view....and only time will prove if I am right or wrong....that HS2 costs will very easily reach £200B....and could well head considerably north of that figure towards £500B.  But hey, what do I know...?  James Hennighan Yorkshire, England
"Heart of Britain"? You mean England.
planning....this should of been planned 20 years ago.....???    Japanese fast trains were first running in 1962...!!!   huge benefits will really be for future generations
Hellish, soul-less, modernist architecture, not suitable for Britain.
It's not ''Britain's'' 'HS 2 till it connects at least 2 of the 3 principalities.
Your uk is england
What a load of expensive bollocks . We can’t even get electrification from Hull to Leeds or Doncaster . It’s a case of f**k the north as per usual 😢
I hate the North/South divide comparison. I live in the South West, therefore 'South' and our infrastructure makes the North look like Dubai. Exeter is the same distance from London as Leeds is. Falmouth is further from London than Newcastle. You should say North/South-East divide if you don't want to p*** off the entire South West.
employ chinese they will have it ready by2024
Superbly presented and professionally produced and edited video, but the anti-HS2 propaganda was troubling. To say this route was controversial is misleading. Any route would mean some property would have to be demolished or affected - not just this one. ANY chosen route would be controversial. Also pictures of construction sites whilst talking about the adverse affect on the environment is disingenuous. Once finished it will look very different. There was lots more misleading and disingenuous comment. I admit through that I got fed up with it and left the video about half way through in which case I accept that this criticism might be misplaced. Maybe there was better balance to follow. Also didn't really appreciate the year 4 level lecture on our constitution. Finally "a town called Crewe"!
so the sleazebags made it under budget just so they could get approval.  these idiots knew it would cost more and that if they gave the actual amount it would have been shot down.  they purposefully gave a lower budget.
People often do not comprehend that massive infrastructure projects will most probably last for centuries and therefore benefits must be looked at over many decades and centuries. Note the tunnel under the Thames River.
This smacks of a 'Job for the boys' scheme. Do we need it? No. Will some 'Friend' of the government make a shed load of money from it? Most certainly.
bruh governments when tax payer money goes to companies they have shares in 👍 governments when tax payer money goes to public transit and beneficial projects 🤬
HS2 - is the biggest waste of money ever. If the money was spent on electrification of existing routes, York to Birmingham and Birmingham Bristol and cross England freight routes Southampton northwards and from Yarmouth /Lowestoft to Liverpool it would be of a bigger benefir to the UK.
Worth noting that the government doesn't TECHNICALLY rely on tax receipts for the budget. It does of course use tax money but it is not CONSTRAINED by the money it gets in taxes due to how they print money as needed. Modern Monetary Theory helps explain this well. It's been criticized a lot but I think the main points of the theory, which are descriptions of how governments actually function, seem totally sound.
Why High speed rail in an Densly Populated Area. That dosn't make sense
Building public transport the right way will cost a lot in the short term.  But, because it will be around a very long time, it will be cheaper in the long term.  Building half the rail that was intended will safe some money now but will decrease the profit in the future.
Can only pray that they don't use current train operator's pricing model cos atm it is ALWAYS faster and cheaper to just drive with the exception of the underground in London.
Same issue in the UK and the US - some stupid debate if railways are not the ways of the past and hey, when we are on it - lets built another highway. Meanwhile in Central Europe, China and Japan...
The whole construction industry in the UK needs to change. Right now, it's full of companies that give a quote and a time that they know is a lie. Then we can look forward to every project being over budget and over time, until this changes. HS2 is going to take several years longer that stated, and it will cost the tax payer several billions more than stated too.
How mind-numbingly stupid do you have to be to worry about the environmental impact of a *railway line*? One of the lowest-footprint forms of transport you can have.
Carbon free rail system?  How about the 36% of total electrical power produced is from fossil fuel?
You will never satisfy the decarbon religion they will keep taking and taking till you have nothing, Weforum Noah: most of the worlds people are useless and will may give them drugs and vr.
The UK’s HS2 sounds exactly like the infamous California High Speed Rail fiasco.
That's not the peoples money (  taxes  ),  you are paying taxes to use services, that Money IS for this yo build service to people and make the country advanced... People are crazy , " Not use my taxes to build that " they say 🤣🤣🤣...
Region is the name STALIN named the control of the People under Sabbatean Communism.
If you the stop the project now  it would still cost several billion pounds to clean up construction already in place. What a waste, its a no win situation.
Lmao they’re trying to build a rail here in Hawaii and it’s been delayed by 10 years lmao
This is just cut and cover. You won't see very much.
thinking about costs.. why spend money for custom 'HS2" construction site sweaters? that seems like something obviously unnecessary that was spent and is spent that took those involved on the project away from doing anything that matters to the project..
Why is it that big projects that are basically known to be done over decades never seem to incorporate the inflation in their bills? But it's also "funny" how people are opposing something, costing the project money, then complain the project should be stopped because it's overrun budget. Same with Stuttgart21 in Germany. They are protesting against removal of trees, costs thousands to clear the protests, then they complain the project got more expensive.
Britain is the best brother of India. Together we are building bullet trains and there will be lots of bullet trains soon
It will benefit the people who work in London only.
As usual most of these projects will benefit the south ,will end at Birmingham,  and still leave the north out in the cold. Will be a least fifteen years late and cost over one hundred and fifty billion pounds. They should have just spent the money on the NHS so that everyone could benefit. When I was fifteen years old in 1950, the south get everything,  and the north got nothing, and it is still the same 2022. .
It's not carbon free unless the electricity is carbon free, and if it's nuclear that's even worse.
The real tragedy is that, if this ever gets finished, only the very rich will be able to afford the eventual ticket price.  And the very poor will end up sleeping in its concrete jungle.  Such a total waste of energy.  It could have been used to put solar panels on every poor man's roof.
F' the WEF !
When public money is involved ... the neo-facists use it as a wedge issue. The alternative (protected private "markets") brought the UK to where it is now. Time to evaluate?
The promises made of the benefits arising from HS2 sound a lot like the promised benefits supposed to arise from brexit. No doubt the reality will be the same too.
rahh, you have to sell your land (house). You dont have a choice. Disgusting
People need to look at the real ways government finance big projects. The taxpayers do not cough up the cash. The government essentially "prints" the money it needs. High Speed rail is the future. It is time to stop polluting, Co2 producing flights, as France has done. And reduce truck transport by shifting more to rail.
HS2 connects the bankers in the City of London who with the once major industrial centre of England destroyed by them and Thatcher and which is now largely an immigrant community  So the only benefit is for those same bankers to be able to travel from their mansions in the Cotswolds and the Welsh Border country to their offices in London in time for morning coffee and calculate how much money they are ripping off the ordinary citizen to build it whilst they trouser the profits. It does nothing for the rest of the citizens as would simple upgrades to the rail lines between Northern cities or the building of tramways within those cities.
What's the point of having a High Speed Train network in a country as small and as densely populated as the UK? The trains would have to slow down to pull into the next station before they can even finish accelerating out of the last one. China? sure. US? definitely. Across Europe? not the worst idea. But in the UK? Doesn't really make sense other than as a pet project to boost ego, and the UK isn't in the financial situation to blow tens of billions on pet projects right now.
19:17 it should only be ‘2B or not 2B’ i don’t understand the hype. it could be of benefit to have a high speed link to make traveling much easier. it’ll also create jobs and revenue. the environment needs to be protected yes, but it looks as if the people in charge are trying to be as sensible as possible and do afforest  as much and wherever possible to minimize disruption and destruction. the trouble is though that for many decades not much has been done to modernize the existing system and much was focused on the capital which saw the majority of investment and improvements. and not to foresee costs rising due to devaluation of currency, rising inflation, rising costs of construction, materials, labor costs etc seems a bit odd. the people who have decided on the project to go ahead cannot be as narrow minded as that! just as an example: germany does have a high speed rail network, however the fastest to get from let’s say frankfurt to hamburg is around 3 1/2 hours for 395km. i wouldn’t call that fast. and the tickets for the ICE train are expensive at around €130 a pop (cheapest fare)
Thanks for adding actual captions for the Deaf, have liked and suscribed.
All propaganda.  37 mins saved!  Big deal.  Billions £££ for vanity project so taxes are raised recently at a time when people can’t heat homes, food banks over subscribed.  It’s not like the U.K. is the size of the US, Canada, Australia, Russia.  The Big Boys (building companies and all collaterals and ministers with connections therein) winners. Road traffic will not be reduced.  Too many cons to go into here.
That is why the people,s cars are being fased out by the government i guess. And i guess the cost will not be cheap on this train ????
Why? The budgets are climbing out of control so why the delay, China has been able to construct railways much longer and quicker for much less.
23:19 a study that costs 100 GBP?!!
The gift that will keep taking.
the hs2 that nobody wants england wants factory,s not a fast way to london nobody in the north wants to go to london
It's a fucking white elephant. They had the money and means to do this in the 80s when japan and france had theirs running.  Instead of upgrading the existing railway they purchased new land at OTT the value. Their reasoning is that the existing network would be too costly. Utter bullshit . First estimate was 20billion, then the amount just kept going up and up. Its way passed 100bn. This is someone's vanity project and a wet dream.  Anyone with any business sense knows if you already own the railway land you dont need to go out and destroy more land in the country.  We now have a piss poor railway service thats hemorrhaging tax payers money.  Hs2 will not solve shit until railway service is nationalised.  2ndly the existing network needs upgrading to commercial haulage like they have in USA. Otherwise its going to be left to rot.  We all know the MpS and their mates pocketed the money from this
people are quick to criticize but never offer an idea thats better
Whos gonna be affording tickets for this ? Regural train prices for national travel are already *£60-200 ONE WAY* London to Manchester.
Should fix the NHS first how absolutely backwards !!!!
The question Brits need to ask themselves is; 50 years from now, will the current London to Manchester rail/speed be enough?   I think the answer is a resounding no.   So the next question will be when will you build that new rail? Now is the cheapest time to build it, and will deliver the soonest benefits.
So, the shrunken HS2 will be delivered in 2040. Coincidentally 2040 is the hugely optimistic date for commercial introduction of Nuclear Fussion reactors delivering effectively free power. Couple that with vast fleets of one, two and four seat TOTALLY autonomous and super safe road vehicles ferrying people around and you see the North benefiting from not being burdened with a white elephant huge infrastructure railway.  ... Except having to pay for it of course.
Do you really have to travel at 225  mph? Wouldn't 160 mph been a lot more doable? And less expensive? If the project is already several times over budget, that can only mean that tickets will be double and triple the original cost sold to the public at the start of the project.
HS2 = Present & Future FAIL
.. same here in Germany with ""Stuttgart 21 "" ..... less capacity for Billions and Billions .........
So once again, this is a UK National project funded from general taxation but will not ever reach Scotland or Wales 😡
When it was first brought up I was in agreement and really apart from some concerns I still back it, but it needs to be speeded up. It needs to go to Newcastle and Carlisle. The speed needs sorting out the whole thing, trains need to be over 200mph.
Great video!  Thank You
I dont think it will ever break even. I recon it will have to be subsidized by tax payers from day one!
On balance, infrastructure connectivity sucks resources to the centre, draining the connected regions. Prices of properties in the north will rise, while jobs will go south.
The guys building it, just sit around doing nothing all day.  It’s a lame way to spend borrowed printed pounds & give it to the private sector
may be the issue may be more the cost of a ticket to ride the train. you say taking the train instead of the car or flying.  well even today the Train is the more expensive choice  in many cases. I looked at apx 30 mile trip in to Glasgow  taking an hour  each way, was going return to cost £18. By car was much cheaper  and just as fast.   with no expensive on train drink and food costs.
high speed train is useless
I think the challenge is more the willingness to cut of the north. Having come from London originally and lived in Leeds for five years including 4 years commuting back and forth for work/uni, its evidentially clear that travel in the north isn't up to scratch. The new system that removes the leg to the Yorkshire essentially makes the entire HS2 network pointless. Trains won't travel from Leeds to Birmingham, swap to HS2 network and than down to London for the sake of 20 minutes saved time without an extortionate price jump on ticket fares. And what we are given as investment to public transport is hundreds of millions of pounds thrown into bike lanes and the existing bus system which is completely unreliable and time inefficient. West Yorkshire doesn't even have good transport links to Leeds Bradford Airport and every year the links just get worse in quality but dramatically increase in price. For something sold as linking the north and south, it is essentially a quick train between London and Birmingham that essentially moves workers into Birmingham, and lets high execs of large firms to commute between the 2 biggest economic hubs, at the cost of the entire UK
The big issue is incrementalism or lack thereof, they should have designed as an outline a full high speed rail network, then built th easiest bit with an acceptable cost benefit ratio. They could have them made all the mistakes on that more cheaply while also building useful stuff away from London.
Its typical of the British, complain about the railways but when given a high speed line they complain again.
Bin HS2. Government vanity project
There’s no Climate Emergency you daft cow!
I live 19 miles from Birmingham, it would still be quicker to catch a train from my local train station direct to Euston, rather than catching a train to Birmingham and then on to Euston, the infrastructure is entirely wrong, this is only beneficial to people that actually live in the city centres!
This project is going to overpopulate those smaller northern areas, and cause all sort of knock on social consequences.
As with all these public funded projects is London centric and only benifits London economically for commuters the housing market and house builders for Birmingham pushing up house prices for Midlanders to unafford The new  houses built will be for London executives and not the  working class Same thing happened in tge soutn east the south west and now the midlands is for plundering for the London rich while the rest of England goes without as usual
I feel like prices should be evaluated more accurately, even if it takes more money to find out, as well as accounting for overhead in costs. Most probably knew it would cost more in the end but those who wanted it to pass probably made sure the price looked slimmer than it would end up being. I think social welfare and infrastructure and 2 unquestionable things to improve the lives of a population. The money will end up back with the population in the end but the infrastructure will stay. Honestly I think the Shinkansen like many have said is a really good example and in the end it will all be worth it. You just have to wait and see how long its reasonable to put of building this as at some point there will definitely come the time to overhaul infrastructure like this
Full support for hs2
You guys definitely know how to make hay out of a mole, it's 2009 project for God's sake, and it hasn't even started in 2021!
The amount of money that Amtrack in the U.S. needs to just get caught up on maintenance is about the cost for this entire project - in the case of Amtrack, around $42 Billion dollars. I capitalized it because in the U.S that's 1000 millions to make a billion or about 42,000 millions to equl $42 billion. Recently the federal government threw over $62 billion at them.
HS2 doesn't even come near to, or run through any part of Scotland, but Scotland has to pay 10% of the construction costs, while railways in Scotland could do with improvements and get basically nothing via Westminster funding!!!
HS2 is the ultimate example of a sunk costs fallacy.
Viewing your video on my "local" project, Femarn tunnel.. I'm way more positive on the outlook of the Danish projects.. this railway is a S#@t show. Stopping a project will force politicians to explain sunk cost to the voters.  So it will roll on as a super slow crash. Good luck UK .😂😂
And now you have no EU structural funds, the UK is definitely in decline.
Global Britain leading the way😂
The real question is when it is complete how much will a ticket cost.
Fair play, impressive. But yes, can we afford it? Seems to me we are going broke already.
How fast will they be when they are on strike?
I really like this guy except his hair, but he's an engaging narrator.
and they don't bother reconnecting the south west to the rest of the system again. ffs they want to stop people going outside the uk for holidays while quashing the industry within, THE VERY FURTHEST you used to have to walk was 10 miles to get ANYWHERE in the country absolute shitfest.
the less cars the better, the more rail the better the climate
The huge dog out. Where actually they dispose that huge amount of something?
Once you start asking the question of who is pocketing all the money -  and not how much it costs - you will gain a new insight.   It's worth it, people.   Where do the gigantic sums flow to, which people, which companies  take how much from the big pot?   The work for the project itself is also feasible with a tenth of the sum ...
What a waste of our money.. It already takes less than an hour and a half to get from London to Birmingham.. Christ, so much disruption and interference in people's lives for this. So sick of our government
Brilliant video.
does the cost include a big strke after the project is completed, eventually ? 😄😄😄😁😁
Very cool but if this makes it to completion you just know house prices along it's route will double overnight.
Why does a teensy little country - that you can drive across in a day - need a 400kph rail system? I live in a country that takes a WEEK to drive across (highway all the way) and we are still arguing about HS rail. (Australia) This is a BAD IDEA - a waste of money by a country that is STILL BROKE.
I think a lot of the benefits are overstated....unlike @abroadinJapan there is a big difference, there is an existing line...
at 3:30 you say "the trains will have a top speed of 225mph, the fastest train in Europe", thats 360km/h, Italy's Frecciarossa 400km/h and Italo 380 km/h, Spain's Renfe 380 km/h and Eurostar's 370km/h... these are all top speed, operational speeds are lower, HS2's 250km/h, Frecciarossa  and Italo have been running at operational speeds of 300km/h since many years and i'm pretty sure Eurostars, German ICEs and the Spanish ones have operational speeds higher then 250 km/h.
The 'elephant in the room' never to be mentioned, is the changes that have taken place in the workplace, which will continue over the next decades and the introduction of wi-fi whilst travelling. Before smartphones, when this was being planned it was necessary to get from A to B quickly and efficiently to do a days work. When we stayed overnight we rushed to the hotels to plug into their wi-fi to answer our emails. There was no zoom or instant transfer of files and documents. All this has made HS2 obsolete 10 or 20 years before it is due to be finished. Normal people will use zoom, the cloud and so on which stops the need to travel as much, or use couriers. Imagine in 10 or 20 years time when the stations and trains are empty as the way we worked back in 2010 or 2020 has been superceded.  I am sure the construction industry would like to ignore the practical side which is obvious to the rest of us. Railways became obsolete in the 1960's and will no doubt do the same again, except for freight, holidays and leisure. Our 100 million pounds a week should be put to better use looking after ordinary people, not people who can afford first class plus tickets to reduce their journey time by a few minutes.
Love the idea but why did they cut off the Northern part and leave the London one. London is already more then connected try get anywhere from Manchester trains are slow and terrible. London it's fantastic. So why are spending more money on London instead?
Money is only spent in London, pretty sure they want another cross  rail. We were promised it when we joined the EU never happened. no shocks there.
Stuttgart 21 renews the railway track plan around Stuttgart entirely to get rid of the terminus station and have a pass through central station instead, but it is not a high speed line. However, it is a masterpiece of engineering and there is a brand new high speed line between Ulm and Wendlingen near Stuttgart where it meets the new Stuttgart 21-tracks. This line has to be seen in an European context because it is part of a high speed connection between western and eastern Europe. Train drivers receive their Streckenkunde-Training in these days, so they get to know the new tracks, signalling and other provisions made for safe traveling.
ALL BOLLOCKS AS USEUAL.
It's crushingly embarrassing that we've been arguing over HS2 for 10 years. Back in the Victorian times, Brunel would have built HS2 over a long weekend, under budget. Now we have ten 6-month inquiries, and then inquiries about the inquiries, before a shovel even hits the ground. The planners need to satisfy the neckbeards who've found a great crested newt that might be inconvenienced, the police need to move the protesters who're complaining that - shock horror - the whole thing's ballooned in price threefold because of the arseache they've caused. A workforce big enough to invade a small country is assembled to count the beans and deal with all the arguments from myopic councils who're worried about the dreadful noise it'll cause (but they'd drop their objections if their town got a station and loads of juicy jobs). Campaign groups form; comprised of musty-smelling people who miss the good old days when we had tuberculosis and polio and men wore bowler hats. They say we don't need fast rail because that just means people can get to "that there London" in all of a rush. In the same period, China has built 40,000 miles of high speed rail.
This makes a lot less sense with the shift to remote working.
The fact everyone complains about one single high speed rail line shows how pathetic we are and how we'll never get sh*t done
That money could have been put in to the NHS.
Already 25 years out of date.  Superfail.
That is ignorant to think this kind of big transportation project is beneficial in default. YouTube is so full of pseudo intellectual creator. Let me tell you why developing country benefits from some of this big project. It is because “You developed country out sort the fking job to developing country and their have to build infrastructure to make products as fast as possible as cheap as possible.  And how actually does transportation infrastructure “even” out the different between north and London? This kind of topic does not even worthy for a 3mins discussion . What a fking joke.
The creator definitely a propaganda machine
Stop it and give the money to the NHS. No one will be able to afford it. From the start it should of started at each end north and the south
HS2 is yet another example of a London centric project that further isolates Scotland and the north of England.  Saving time getting to Birmingham  offer little benefit north of the terminus. If that money had been used across the existing railway network many cities, and many more citizens would have benefitted. In the 1960s Britain chose to destroy the railway to support the automobile. HS2 will not turn that tide. Failing to put money on the existing railways will continue to see delays, poor performance, higher costs and increases in public frustration. Britain could have the best railways in the world.  For comparison, think of Concorde, fast travel for the few, did it benefit the masses.
Anyone who has spent any real time in Asia knows this is a fantastic way to travel.  Visit Japan, Taiwan, Korea, or even mainland China, they all have extensive high speed rail networks, which are heavily used and virtually no one now thinks they were a mistake.  To me the real question is who’s it costing so much and taking so long.  China for example is expanding their network at breakneck speed.  To me the problem is in the execution of the idea, the vision should be a network that covers the entirety of The British Isles.
My  main gripe (amongst many) is that all this money will be spent, £1000 for every man woman and child in the country and yet it will benefit very few. At a time when we need to transition to renewable energy, EV's and the rest of the rail network is falling apart, is this the best use of tax payers money? When its finished its going to be handed to First Group and the Italian national train company who I dare say will keep all the profits. Euro Tunnel cost £13bn and it only made a profit after a large chunk of the debt was written off. With HS2 the Government is spending public money with no hope of repayment so that private industry can benefit. That looks like a poor investment for the UK tax payer to me.
It seams to me that HS2 conned the government through poor costing analysis’ right from the start. Consequently updated costs still suffer from poor planning, realisation for such a project is not even now coming to fruition. The billions spent is absolutely ridiculous. Trains from Birmingham to London currently take 55 minutes and, HS2 will be so much faster ahem? 45 minute journey is still not acceptable just taking 10 minutes off the current travel time. I could go on as many others have done. I will never understand the thinking behind this ludicrous project ruining peoples lives when that money could have gone a long way to benefit millions of people suffering in this current climate. What do people really need to travel to London for meetings when communication has advanced technically to a point when being desk bound is not even an option as many people that are not in manufacturing can work from their living rooms. So my question is who is actually going to benefit from this?. Ah, of course, it will be the wealthy as they are the people that currently travel on the Current high speed trains, because we wee mortals can’t afford to travel even on the current system. Grrrr.
Now you k ow why the f....g Brits are jealous of the Chinese who had built 40,000 km of HSR in 10 years!
Let's park the huge environmental and disruption costs for a moment. A project which was sold to the British government and people on the basis that it would cost £32 billion will now end up costing at least £100 billion. Of course by the time you realise this you've already spent. £15 billion so you'd have a lot of expensive egg on your face if you didn't see it through to the end wouldn't you?  Those responsible for preparing and submitting the original Business Case - on the basis of which approval was given - should be given custodial sentences for the most brazen ( " ahem, sorry, we prepared the original projected cost on the back of an envelope" );criminal bloody negligence.
If we were a big country then yes, build it. Look at the geography , will people in the south west, east coast and many other areas actually use it?  It can reach very high speeds, but by the time it gets to those speeds it will need to slow down, as I said before, we are not a big country. People talk about reaching places quicker but they are comparing it to foreign countries where travelling hundreds of miles, some of the countries being compared to are far larger the the UK.  Birmingham to London minutes quicker as it's not hundreds of miles , think hundred. Politicians looking for legacy at a cost they don't really understand.
Well done Fred, professional, balanced and technical. My opinion as a tax paying, northern, non train user is trust the experts to design and build the railway as originally planned as there won’t be another built for another 130 years.
fuck those trees, build that shit
UK is bankrupt and England is a Brexit disaster zone.
HS2. This country is so small geographically to justify a 225mph rail route. A 30 minute saving on a journey time is the most we could expect 🤔? One could nearly travel the length of the whole country and what possible benefits would a minuscule time saving like that achieve? Let's not even mention the cost, destruction and upheaval that has already occurred.
By the time this is up and running, self-driving buses will probably exist and be able to take you door to door with a more frequent service, making the HS2 and trains a dinosaur of a bygone era.
By the time this is completed it wil already be outdated hahaha what a fkin waste of money
Gotta see through the spin. HS2 is sold here as next best thing. In fact mainland Europe high speed trains are common place and very used.   In Italy, the Venice to Padua route is being extended with a commercial Hyperloop line (speeds 1200 k/hr).   When HS2 line will be operational, it will already look old stuff
“When public money’s involved the stakes get much higher, the scrutiny gets more intense…”  …UNLESS IT’S THE MILITARY BUDGET, which in the U.K. or the U.S.A. is _multiples _*_yearly_* of this project’s one-time price tag, often spent in secret or with little oversight, on projects which seldom-to-never see use, or on projects which are outright dropped midstream when they are deemed not feasible, directly rewarding a few select crony companies with decades-long no-bid contracts and softball bid contracts, while indirectly showering billions on toxic monopoly cartels such as the petrochemical industry.  Literally 3-to-7.5 times this project’s _total_ budget gets frittered away _yearly_ keeping a few megawealthy political donors megawealthy … and no one complains because either we are told the unfathomable amount but not the details, or we’re conditioned into accepting this waste as the status quo, or we’re lied to and frightened into thinking the world would be more precarious—not less—if we stopped propping up connected trillionaires with gifts, or some combination of the above.  We’d have lifted the world out of poverty entirely, and elevated our whole population to middle class status and beyond, if the industrial economic boom, or even just the post-W.W.II economic boom—a surge in global wealth over a few short decades unlike anything seen in history—had stayed in the hands of the people that created it … namely, all of us regular folk … but instead, a handful of trillionaires, literally fewer than a few hundred families, hoarded and continue to hoard over 90% of that created wealth.  And people complain about a measly train!?? Jesus, talk about Pavlovian conditioning!! 🐕
This Project will  end up costing  1 trillion pounds
It should have been built on the disused route of the Great Central Line. Had Beaching not closed it, the lastain line opened and first closed. It was built to European railway gages so  is still mostly clear of structures and was when functioning linked to nearly every major area in the North. Why reinvent the wheel at very high cost when a perfect line was available for HS2. Also to reliever conjestion certain  freight should be carried on it. As the West/East Coast and Midland Main lines are at nearly full capacity. Thoes dening that we don't need it. What's their alternative more motorways. Please HS2 plán for the rebuilding of old canals and railways. Thanks for the video
Japan built its first shinkansen lines in the 60s, France built its first LGVs in the 80s.   In Europe alone Germany, Italy & Spain have all joined the High-speed rail bandwagon and its been a game changer  everywhere its been built.   The UK is late to the game but that doesn't mean we shouldn't build it. Especially not just because a bunch of home counties NIMBYs are whinging about it.  Environmental campaigners ought to look at how the TGV has basically replaced domestic airtravel in France. Yeh there's an environmental cost to construction but a highspeed, electric railway has to be better for the planet in the lon term than domestic, short-haul air travel.   HS2 (and further highspeed lines in future) could basically totally negate the need for any flights between London & Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, East Midlands, Leeds/Bradford and even Newcastle airports.
The original railways went several times over budget so it's not a modern phenomena. The civil construction industry habitually under quote the projects so that TPTB are tempted to go ahead. Inevitably, the costs "mysteriously spiral" and HS2 will be no exception...
Interesting to see there is now an active petition to liquidate the entire project, cut the losses and put the money into better things.
How can this white elephant be carbon free, electricity has to be generated and that involves fossil fuels, it is an utter waste of our money.
The pros outweigh the cons by far.
London is falling as economic powerhouse, due the sanctions against Russia. If EU steal 300 Billion Russian assets, nobody outside of Europe will keep their money in Europe. I have serious doubts about London as financial center. Stealing money is bad business
It would have been interesting to have brought in research on Mega Project management, as for instance done at University of Oxford
"Both major parties supported the project", therefore the British people had NO choice on this topic at the election.
With 100 billion €, you can pay 100,000 workers a salary of 100,000€ for ten years.
The problem is, it is simply not profitable, it will be net negative on tax payers for a century, that is billions not going to existing struggling areas. When it comes to infrastructure if a private company would not do it (under conditions they could manage tolls etc.), neither should the government.
Its literally benefiting the very city that has already received massive infrastructure and the reason for this project was to invest in northern cities of which are not receiving the promised version HS2
It's nice to see the colonizers not knowing who to loot, finally end up looting themselves...
The last line to be updated before privatisation? The Chiltern Line. Why? Because so many movers and shakers live along it. Did it need it? Yes but there were lines that (still) need it more.
The fact that BER wasn't mentioned in the overbudget projects is a pleasent surprise lol
No doubt the engineering is impressive, but jesus, what a pathetic waste of money. The only positive I can see to this is that people can get OUT of London faster than ever before.
They are building it. Get over it.
If David Cameroon endorsed it, well David-xit. Wait a few more years.
It will be finished in 2123
Phase 1 will end up been £150 - £200bn .....Watch this space !!
TBH, lots of mega projects throughout history has had loads of controversy. But the long term benefits can be seen till today.
Off topic, finally got to see the face behind the sexy low voice. Hahaha
225 miles per hour = 362 km/h "... making it the fastest ..." really? The UK hasn't built it yet. (134 mile = 215km)  Madrid - Barcelona (Renfe) on a Siemens Velaro E/AVs 103 with a maximum speed of  310 km/h (195 mph) (service)  350 km/h (220 mph) (certified)  403.7 km/h (251 mph) (test)  Many other tracks in Europe are built for those speeds too. Much of the German railway network is built for 350km/h, and that network is MUCH bigger than the relatively short HS2. London - Birmingham 215km.  Try out the Munich - Berlin ICE Sprinter trains. (623 km in 3h 48m including stops in Nürnberg, Ehrurt, Halle, with top speeds of 320 km/h.  The French trains are often faster, and regularly break the speed records. French TGV at 574.8 km/h (357.2 mph), achieved on 3 April 2007 on the new LGV Est. (more than 20 years before HS2 could be finished ... 2029?)
Should have invited China do it. Much faster & cheaper. China has the expertise. UK has just "air & not expertise & experience". Sad. Keep talking & arguing! By which time, China would have built 100 times more efficient railways all over the world. British & Western expertise is far far far behind the Chinese's. Catch up & follow her arse! Hahaha
Projects like this have to be seen as huge long term projects, aka 200 year+ projects.  The London Underground is now 160 years old and will be around for at least another 200 years.  This high speed network will be working in 2222 and beyond.  So divide the £100billion it'll cost over 200 years and you get £500million a year, in a country of 50 million people, that is £10 per person per year.  Peanuts.  Saying that though, China would knock this up in a month.
The Biggest Waste of Money are Dictating Politicians. Defund Politicians and George Soros and Family.
Hope the HS2 will be cancelled.
As more and more greedy bastards dip their fat political fingers in the pot, on pointless consultations… the whole project gets cut back until it’s no longer feasible… in this case they just cut back all of the original specifications that were the prime goal, instead the capital gets the benefits once again.
Unfortunately Britain buggers everything up because the politicians allow all of their friends to devour the budget in pointless consultations … I’d love to see what some of the expert consultations that cost in excess of £10M … “I agree with all of the governments recommendations, my fee is £999,999 cheap at half the price”… not bad for 1 minutes work….
Britain is always wourld leading.. until it hits reality.
This program Neglected to mention that they actually destroyed a line called the great central now I’m not saying it was high speed lol but it’s just another example of the Great British incompetence
You can get to Leicester in 1 hour already this line is another example of Great British incompetence that money could I’ve been spent far more efficiently on the railways oh no it couldn’t because he’s been privatised by whom I wonder 😂
if chinese can do it then whats the problem in UK???
1.5 trillion by the time it's finished
"Low carbon" LOL!!!  Some people are so gullible and stupid.
mntap
LOL! Boris effectively stating: "When you dig yourself into a hole & you cannot get out of, the only solution is to keep digging!"  Consider how much economic & energy trouble the UK is now in, Odds are the UK won't exist before the expected completion date of 2033. If I was a betting man, I would bet this project gets cancelled in the next 24 months or sooner, when the UK is under constant rolling blackouts and struggles to get enough energy & food to keep the grocery stores open.
How many barrels of oil is this gonna take to build.
Since the cost overrun in both money and time is comical it seems finning that “Les Dennis” is the comedian in charge.    Lol
It's better to build a high-speed railway than football stadiums on taxpayers money, people use trains more and football stadiums can't take you anywhere.
lol. that HS2 dude spewing such rubbish to justify his pay.
White elephant !!!
Wales will be paying for England's economic growth.
I can’t wait for it to open.  Our infrastructure is becoming Third World standard.  I say build it and go to Leeds and beyond too.  Change is always divisive.
Can you say F-R-A-U-D?  The British taxpayers were sold this project based on faulty estimates of the costs involved.  If they are having to change the route after starting construction due to unexpected soil conditions that indicates to me they didn't do their homework.  Now that they've hooked the taxpayers they are scaling back the project and reducing the potential benefits yet costs continue to rise.  Sounds like the high speed rail boondoggle in California.  Better shut down the project now.  No sense throwing good money after bad.  It is a specious argument to say that hs2 is going to transform the British economy by allowing Londoners to get to Birmingham one hour faster.  B.S.  Now that they have canceled the phase 2 extensions to Leeds and other points north the project has turned into a method of forcing the people of the north to pay for a project from which they won't receive any benefits.
We're being FLEECED.
This is pretty informative ! But hs2 will not leave Birmingham.  If they were that interested they would have started in the north!!
A White Elephant in the making who will able to afford to ride on it? you could buy a second Car which would be Cheaper than a First Class Seat, it would be cheaper to move Birmingham nearer to London.
Viewing it from outside UK it looks great to be honest . Then again I do not have to pay for it. I hope they still serve an English breakfast thats what I used to enjoy travelling by train. We could do with one here in NZ.
British railway network needs to be rebuild to the scale of 1960 and that what investment should go into not high-speed rail
As someone that’s not a local, it seems to me like the North is getting shafted by London. They get all the good stuff and making everyone pay for it.
This has got to be better than Dubai's Palm Island fiasco.
Does this time include cancelled trains or delayed as it happens all the time in the uk
How is this hi  speed  travel when Japan trains travel nearly 3 x faster than our  top speed trains
The HS2 complete waste... That money across the entire network would have achieved far better results.
Enormous benefits - for those currently linked to it. Not for the vast majority of those that are paying for it.🤢
The single biggest UK vanity project at the worst possible time in the UK economy's recent history. What could possibly go wrong?!
Total waste of money, just someones vanity project
Getting very confused about talking about the country......or the UK... Really meaning England all the time...
Spain has suffered the same internal division, but it really helps to connect cities and distant parts of the country together. Now private HS train companies are starting to compete on the high speed tracks lowering the prices for customers.
Asinine...they aren't cutting the tunnel to save the trees....the have to to keep the track straight and level.  Nice try liars.
For a piece of crap that was priced at 56 billion and for what getting from A to B 10 mins earlier
wow incredible it´s about time
Is saving 30mins for commuters from bham to London worth 100b lol how much would it have cost to build a new line?  Just crazy to think that it's gonna cost 7b to build a connection under water miles to I think it was Denmark blows my mind
This rail line is the last thing that England needs. Britain doesn’t need any economic growth. Britain needs sixty percent fewer people. The island is massively overpopulated.   Also, this rail line will bring a lot of riff-raff into the country. Imagine ten million more Africans.   Remember that England is no longer able to feed itself. If there were a real crisis, half the country would starve to death.
Hi there..they can't fix our rail tracks at the moment..nevermind building railway of the future..one word disaster!!  The government people do like to spend on unrealistic projects!!!  Doomed!!
China is connecting the planet.
High-speed rail is always an economic disaster.  Japan is the only successful HS rail ever.
You know, spending 100 bln quid on business incentives throughout the north of England would have way more benefit to the north. Adding jobs to the north negates the need for transport from south to north as new economic powerhouses would exist throughout the north. All this line is is another siphon to bring more wealth into the centre of London.
It does puzzle me that our governments seem to be dismantling the manufacturing foundations of our nations, simultaneously moving us to a more remote working economy, and yet are building this high speed network to move, what… tourists?
This is my proposal.  <HS2> [London]<->[Birmingham Interchange]<->[Birmingham Curzon Street railway station]<->[Manchester Piccadilly station]<->[Leeds railway station]<->[York]<->[Malton]  Avanti West Coast jurisdiction (example): [London]<->[Birmingham Interchange]<->[Birmingham Curzon Street railway station]<->[Manchester Piccadilly station] *After the Birmingham Interchange, construction of a high-speed dedicated line on the existing line.  TransPennine Express jurisdiction (example): [Manchester Piccadilly station]<->[Leeds railway station]<->[York]<->[Malton] *Combined use with dedicated construction work for speeding up existing lines.  <Linear Shinkansen (example)> [Bristol]<->[Reading]<->[London]<->[York]<->[Newcastle]<->[Glasgow]  GWR jurisdiction (example): [Bristol]<->[Reading]<->[London]  LNER jurisdiction (example): [London]<->[York]<->[Newcastle]<->[Glasgow]
Moving forward is expensive and hard in the short term, while doing nothing is cheap and easy.  But falling behind in the long run is the most expensive and difficult choice of all.
There is no way inflation "could" have an impact. It will.  Pretty sure the quote "HS2 remains within budget" is using the current moment in time specifically and what it really means is "we are currently not above the total budgeted amount".
As the population of the world grows so does London. London has always been buckling under the gravity that comes with being a worldwide city that pulls greater than any other part of the country. Once it starts it never ends. Projects like this are necessary to spread the burden and the benefit. Its hard to believe that years from now anyone will understand that people had doubts and questioned it. Many people always fear change. There were people in the build up to the 2nd WW that questioned the need, but I am not sure people question it now.
An extremely well editied and researched  video , I have no experience in this feild, but in 2035 we'll be talking about and  250 billion final cost.
Should be going to every regional city, Cardiff, Edingburgh,Manchester,Plymouth,Glasgow, etc.We really need to stop listening to little england nimbys otherwise this country will stagnate.
Reducing the trip from Birmingham to London from 65 min to 35 min, is worth it. But digging tunnels under trees is insane. In G-d I trust.
The UK will always be a slum. Especially after leaving the EU
Instead of making a highway underwater to France next to euro tunnel, they invest in a high speed train across a "small distance"
Just think about all the railways that are layed down in the 19th century and that are still being used. Nobody questions whether that was a good investment, but it probably was just as divisive back then
Of course it is going over budget like crazy. In the time that it took to argue about the HS2, China added another 5000 km of high speed rail!
Everyone here talking about Shinkansen. The journey times before and after Shinkansen were massively different. HS2 journey times cut off up to 1 hour of a 3 hour journey maximum. Hardly life-changing, or going to change people's habits to stop driving cars. I was so excited for HS2 but the reality is the benefits are so minimal. It won't even go to Scotland at this rate!
Uk is choooorr motherchod
Ultimately great projects benefit mankind and countries should work on it.
Recommended to watch video at 1.5x-1.75x speed (the narrator talks really slowly)
Why do so many English people have to talk so damn SLOWLY!?
The rationale that the project (as much as I love it) has a democratic mandate from the population is pretty weak imo. If both major parties in the UK are in favor of the project, how can voters show their disapproval? It's the great weakness of a two-party system... by voting you automatically support one side's entire agenda - even if you disagree with half their policies.  Are people actually going to commute from Birmingham to London? I can't see cooks, nurses, teachers, construction workers taking such a daily trip to their job. TIcket costs alone would put that completely out of reach for many. This would mean such a commute is only available for certain classes in the UK - those with higher-level white collar jobs. The whole thing seems to be mostly about showing off anyway - there's no need to design these stations so extravagantly - how much money would be saved by focusing on sober architecture with the focus on it being functional?   100 bln is a huge amount of money (and we all know it'll end up way higher than that). That could've been spent on much more cost-effective ways of improving the economy and standard of life. As a rail junkie, this project is amazing, but I can't see how for the general population this is anything but a disgusting money sink, all in the name of prestige.
Imagine protesting over trees when places like Iran exist
Who controls the costs? Surely if contractors quote for a project they should be held to it; but this does not seem to have happened in this case. I demand a refund, but don’t cancel the project because that really would be a waste. This is not a technical failure, it’s political, legal, program & project failure. People not the project should be held to account.
hs2 will decrese co2
Back in the 1960s a steam train would get to Birmingham from London in 2 hours. If we are going to have airport style security measures how much quicker will the journey be?
https://youtu.be/CAEZ0k6Dbbw
2:20 -  HS2 ...  Was HS1 the Channel Tunnel to Paris, etc. ?
I'm convinced HS2 is nothing more than a scheme to relieve congestion at London Terminals. Intercity trains just get in the way of locals and commuter services. The money would have been better spent improving East-West services across the North. With better Northern communications people would not need to work in the Shithole that London is.
How on earth is HS2 one of the world's "biggest infrastructure project" when it will only be 530 km at its maximum planned length, whereas China has 40,000 km of high-speed rail, and India is also planning to build thousands of kilometres connecting major cities in the coming years? As inflated as the price tag, this is only a small project by world standards. China probably builds that much HSR in its sleep.
I am proud of the engineering skill we have available to us in this country. We also have several thousand Food Banks?
Im all for infrastructure projects like this in the UK. I hope it gets fully completed
Sounds like the same song is playing in California USA ... and it's not even at this level of High Speed. Billions spent and not one line in action!
It won't be a waste of money if it actually serves the country as a whole. Building it from north to south towards London would have ensured that. Starting construction from London leaves it in danger of being useless - a vanity project - linking to Birmingham only, with the rest delayed or cancelled.
Just thought you demonstrated something hilarious while not intending to  How inefficient democracies are.....  When both parties are offering things you don't like and then it takes them 9 years just to start construction....  Out of curiosity does anyone know how many years it takes China to go from should we do it to started....my guess is in 9 years the project is bloody done by then lmao.
In China such type of project that has long term benifits and nationla value to the country growth are done in just few years without having too much political saying so in countries  that has parliaments or voting systems, national projects should be  having special bills to overpass any unnecessary political debate or hurdles
HS2: Less for more
Simply pay China to do it. They can build it with 300 mph bullettrains for half the cost!
I’m not convinced that 20mins faster travel, will be enough to see any economic growth, it needs to be half or less than the current travel time & wait for the prices, it will be more expensive than flying or driving!
It's an absolute disgrace that the HS2 doesn't even go to Newcastle which ironically is the Birth place of the modern railway. Again a huge North South divide.
there is another way of building a high-speed rail network  and that maglev-suspended monorail the Chinese and Japanese are now using for your project is way behind the technology has moved on  with maglev supered mono rail you do not need a trackbed on the ground   you do not need tunnels or bridges So cost less and maglev suspended mono rail  SkyTrain   can run at speeds of 320miles an hour
Good improvement .investment of money on petroll .please take stand for Scotland also .very  expensive travell and shortage of trains .long long area is neglected fromtrasport .very difficult for students and job seekers .
Yaah...."massive feet of engineering"... In india we are building a tunnel 10 km long for jammu sri-nagar railway. 😏 And that is just one tunnel out of the many.
When I heard "decarbonize", I knew it was like throwing money down the social engineering rathole.  One big disgustingly awful waste of money for no payback.  Glad it's the Brits doing it.
The British Government is especially prone to Error.
Politicians really should never be allowed to have a say in major construction projects. They're not qualified to make such decisions and at best rely on advice from people who stand to make a lot of money from the construction, but not necessarily the finished product.  In Denmark the politicians decided to build a bridge (and tunnel) to Germany to keep the construction industry alive after the bridge to Sweden was finished. And then to justify it to the people they made up excuses about how it's good for the environment and will bring tourists and what not. Since it means a high speed connection straight to Berlin and the rest of Germany they assumed the Germans would be excited about it and approved the proposal without asking the Germans first, and then as it turns out the Germans aren't interested because it's stupid expensive and we already have a perfectly fine connection between our countries, so Denmark has to pay for the entire thing. But at no point in that decision did they ask the people in southern Denmark if they want the darn bridge to Germany, nor did they consider that there is not enough space to build the bridge (or the tunnel they can't decide on) in order to connect the islands with this rail connection without completely destroying the local towns along the railroad, which would devastate the economy in an area that already suffers from rampant unemployment and a barely functioning economy as a result. To make it worse the Italian contractors they hired to build the first bridge (the Great Stream Bridge) for this project turned out be incompetent, so instead of opening summer 2022 it now looks like it will open no earlier than 2028, and meanwhile all the rail connections to the southern isles is massively crippled thanks to the never ending construction, and will have been interrupted for over 10 years whenever this first bridge is done. And they haven't even started on the actual connection to Germany yet, but all the preparations for the project have been stopped due to incompetence. And now with the financial crisis, postponed indefinitely
And it will cost you an arm and a leg to use. It is unfortunately a private company that is in it for profit instead of convenience.
Its the capacity issue that's crucial. Also once we switch to all electric cars with their limited range we will probably need even more rail infrastructure than present.
Will this project survive Sunak's expenditure cut bonanza?
Such a big waste of money.
Average Londoner produces a SURPLUS after tax expenditure of £4.4k per person while Wales is in DEFICIT of £4.2k per person (figures are from the ONS)!! That means Londoners contribute way more even after accounting for spending that happens while other regions simply leech of Londoners! Londoners will know how hard the conditions they live in and how bad the conditions are while other regions live in prosperity. There's a reason why there's high levels of immigrants living in London they are the cash cows of this country keeping it all running paying the taxes to fund the lifestyle of those outside the region. Obviously there is poverty in all regions which needs to be tackled at a regional level but I think rather than complain about the north south divide start making it fairer by introducing tax rates that reflect regional differences. Someone in London doing the same job as someone else in another region should both have the same financial standard of livings and so this should be reflected in the tax rates and regional spending.
Which company is building it
High speed 2 doing more than it ever thaught possible needs a v belt pulley switchback
Northern rail needs outvestment
I have a joke for you.. "This government is excellent and uses your tax money efficiently" - Ron Swanson -
As longer people protesting against big projects means the project gets delayed and costs more. So the people protesting against it has become the whole thing they swore to destroy.
Is long it’s expensive but it will be worth it. People have to remember its not just for you its for your kids your kids kids…… country’s need these infrastructure projects to succeed even if it does not directly help you at this very moment.
If the pound collapses further and the UK enters the Greatest Depression in its history, the priority will be to spend money on food and energy, rather than Infrastructure.
8:40 what will help massively is to make cities like London a lot less car-centric. Compared to the US London is decently friendly to other methods of travel, but compared to for example the Netherlands, London and the entirety of the UK is leaps away from making infrastructure every *but* car-centric.
Though I do agree they should have started in the North. I think the costs of finishing in London in say 7 years would be more expensive that way. No matter how much it costs to build HS2 now, it would only get more expensive as time goes on.
I’ll believe HS2 will fix the housing crisis when I can find a one bedroom flat in St Albans for £50,000.
What a complete waste of money!  WHO wants to go on an expensive train?  What a shambles.
They will eventually built is anyway.
If you stop this, it will be awful. Look at Charleroi Belgium’s metro line that never finished.
In Italy High Speed Train (300 kmh) created commuters between big cities and increase daily travel for business and leasure. it's a must, we couldn't live without it
As another example, take the new airport in berlin - it is three times over budget and took 9 years longer to build than originally planned.
You could have asked Indians, they had lowered down the costing almost 1/5th. Don't forget, they reached to Mars at the budget of "Gravity" movie.
UK is too slow. China finishes 10 HS2 high speed railway every year
The biggest problem with Britain is evolving is the public stuck in the past
The welsh taxpayer is also contributing to this and there are absolutely no benefits to the welsh economy.
Could you imagine if Wales Scotland or Northern Ireland wanted a 100 billion to spend on pointless infrastructure it would never happen the south of England gets everything upgraded whilst the rest of the country has potholes everywhere f🤬king sick of these 🤡s
Brits need a speedy government fix for their problems, not a metal rail.
Yes. Why is it so idiotically expensive?
And this helps Wales how?
HS2 is a mammoth disaster of epic proportions. Just when you think this  government couldn't get any worse.
Who will be able to pay for the ride? I can't afford to ride the trains now!
If it was any good then why didn't private companies do it?
Fastest trains in the world is a big speak that means + 250 mile per hour will like to see that
I now it's unfashionable, but surely building more roads is much better value for money for the taxpayer.   You can see the demand in the endless queues at the Blackwall Tunnel and Stone Hedge.    I don't see any queues at the station to go to Birmingham!
I was all for this project regardless of price until they mention completion date then I realised the people paying for this now will probably be gone by the time this thing is finished
Unfinished public projects are a specialty in Brazil. Bridges, Hospitals, Schools, Roads, Dams, Airports, Rail, you named, we have it. Tens of Billions of taxpayer money have been wasted in the last 20 years alone in projects that were never completed and now sit abandoned (and some that never started, but the money made it to the hands of the contractors). If you look at projects that were started in the last century, the figures are even higher.
Scrap the rubbish. It's a load of tosh!
£1000 per person over ten years equals £100 per person per year equals £8.33 per month equals £0.27 per day!
As long as you keep you contractor mates in pocket the better.
For £100bn we should be getting high sped maglev trains. Entire hs2 project is money laundering.
One issue i have found is that there is no stops around the Oxford area. These areas are affected by the constuction yet dont get any benefit from it.
It bothers me how highly critical everyone is of the cost rail infrastructure, yet are comfortable spending vastly more on car and road infrastructure. Car / road infrastructure has much lower capacity, and much higher environmental impact, and maintainance costs. There's also the enormous personal costs for any users (buying a car, registration, fuel, insurance, maintainence, injury / death). And its just inaccessible to anyone too young, poor, or impaired. Pedestrians are also subject to poor conditions (noise, polution), injury and death due to cars. Rail serves the public and environment more than any equivalent capacity road project ever will.
wow. great stuff. had no idea about hs2
well done glad you showed what a can of worms some proposals open up
Just imagine what £100bn+ would have done if invested across the entire network. We don't need super fast trains -- we need reliability, space, comfort at an affordable price .
HS2 is a superb piece of civil infrastructure engineering. There is no doubt this project will bring enormous economic benefits to its catchment area. Marvellous. Now consider who is paying for it. Why that will be me. I live in the north, two hours north of Leeds. So miles away from the nearest station so too far to use it. So will it be dividing a nation? Of course it is. I pay, I don’t benefit and as usual will get stuffed with the salaries, pensions, bonuses of PR savvy CEOs (who spout bollocks during interviews), bloated boards of directors Board made up of the great and good and of course, the inevitable cost overruns. If this entire project was scrapped years after opening I wouldn’t even notice and it wouldn’t effect me.  When large schemes like this have the chief executive’s and board of directors’ balls in jeopardy, their children held hostage AND have those who benefit paying then knock yourselves out and build away. Until then, stick it where the sun doesn’t shine.   ps. It also makes me sick when I hear how green, sustainable and environmentally friendly electric trains are. How much carbon was released building the thing? The output from the plant, steel and concrete will be enormous and power doesn’t come from bird murdering bloody windmills.
The biggest problem is that this is a government run project. If it was run by a private entity, who was spending their own money, it would be more within budget, contractors would have been chosen based on their expertise not because they were "mates" before hand, the time for completion would have been achieved, the list goes on...
create more jobs.... heard that bs before give it 20 years and your out of a job again. just went the uk almost got bankrupt and they do something stupid such as this. try reinventing your railways . they suck as bad as it is now and always delays and 3 to 4 different train companies.... dutch stick to 1 and its rolling smoothly
The title of this video is incorrect.... its going to be much more than £100bn
How is this going to improve life in Huddersfield, and what are these economic developments. We don't make anything here anymore
Lets be honest progress is not easy but we all must face it and do it and with an eye on the future we have to do it and we have to invest and realize projects like these to save the enviroment and so on.
"How dare you." Greta wouldn't approve. Back here in Dog Patch L'Abner is only interested in putting urinals in the Ladies' room to satisfy a few alphabet groups.
A railway designed to bring a country further closer together actually drives it apart.  Brilliant.
HS2 is unpopular because it just reflects the status quo and nothing else. If it was really going to be used to revamp the railways, the connecting the Northern cities was the main priority rather than more we don’t care if it’s not London or the wealthy lot in the south. It would still be controversial, but at least it’d make sense. Rather than helping to regenerate the north, it’s now just another way to funnel money, people and jobs to London. Ideally, you focus on building the new northern lines at the same time as the London Line. Then tie in Scotland, Wales and Southwest England later  HS2 primarily helps only London and the Southeast. With little benefit for anywhere else, and if there was any planned. It was probably been cancelled now the London line is largely done and it’s become controversial over cost and environmental concerns. Because, while cares outside shiny new thingy fit Singapore on the Thames?
HS2 should not be a passenger line but a freight line with rail heads. What we need to transport efficiently around our country and to our ports, are the manufactured goods we make, not just a new line for people to have faster commutes! This would take large amounts of freight off our roads. It would mean that HS2 doesn’t need to be a straight line, and can avoid much of the environmental damage and heritage demolition, that the current plan does. The current plan does not make financial or environmental sense, and you can only wonder as to why it is being constructed this way?
Knowing intellectual capacity present politician I doubt it happen .
English centric pish
You gave the reason most of us don't want it at the very beginning at 0:25. "Through England's countryside". The fact it goes directly through ancient woodlands which have protected species in them under both UK legislation and EU legislation.
The thing is this exact same thing happens with any large construction projects but once it’s built people stfu and are like omg it’s so amazing, just deal with it and enjoy it when it comes. People want these large construction done quick but in reality it takes a long time because of bureaucrats and construction companies that want it to last long so they have a longer job with good pay.
Seems a bit pointless "spreading the wealth" through trains in the UK with how expensive tickets are.
Funny how all parts of it beyond an expanded London commuter belt are being cancelled. Almost like it wasn't ever meant to benefit anyone but London in the first place.
Public infrastructure is very selldom a waste of money. If they’d just invest a 10:th energy to criticize the numerous black holes they just toss billions and billions of taxpayer money into every year and who NEVER gets and criticism and scrutiny, that would be a good start towards at some point in the future getting a somewhat fair and unbiased scrutiny of what taxpayer money should go to. Of all the nonsense to go after they choose to go after one of the few good areas of what tax money should go to, swaer to god.
30:25 He's talking about Brexit right?
Anyone in govt. that says they didn't realise the cost would spiral is kidding themselves! this type of project have always cost multiple times of the original stated figure, eg Eurotunnel
Fred Mills is sexy af
8:59 - "Unlike some other countries renowned for their high-speed rail networks, the UK's major cities are all much closer together." _[only shows cities within England]_ Glasgow, Edinburgh, Cardiff, and Belfast: "Are we a joke to you?"
9 out of 10 people who don't ride trains agree: New trains are a waste of taxpayer money.
Unfortunately UK doesn’t have golden egg laying geese like India and Africa now. Loot them and load it on to a ship and deploy resources to her majesty’s service.
What is the point of high speed railway in a deindustrialised nation? We are never going to get it back again. I think THEY just don't understand: we are lacking way behind when it comes to basic education; which is surly a first consideration, not high price transport. Why are we still pretending to be GREAT; we aren't ! Why would anybody want to travel from the north (to London) .Just scrap the whole silly idea, and give every body a free bus pass.
Trains in Britain are already far too expensive, I can't even imagine how much a ticket on one of these trains will cost. They talk about how this will be great for business. They're aware things like zoom exists? You don't need to get a train to another city to do business anymore.   Insane waste of money that nobody except the construction companies and their friends in Parliament wants.
It really is laughable how the UK and most (if not all) western countries face so much red tape that basically any new infrastructure project are dead from the start. That's exactly why our economies are basically stagnated since the housing crisis.
I love high speed rail but I went and studied in Hull (about 200 miles north of London). I had friends from "Up north" who took 5 or 6 hours on train to get home that was really only half that distance it took me 3 hours included travel to and from station. It took me one train. They had to bounce between multiple. All roads may lead to Rome but all railways lead to London. I'd rather see between links between Northern Cities, or people in Wales be able to travel North to South without having to go via England, than save 30 minutes to go from London. It will lead to more London growth and less anywhere else.
70 Percent strongly support the railway?  Then why are you making this video?  2 million views?  Oh, it's for profit.  The world/country is divided because media is big biz, & depends on it.
HS2 is already obsolete.  The advent of self-driving electric vehicles mean that trains are an outdated technology with no future. We already have cars that can drive safely on a motorway. We don't need any other technology to build a more efficient solution and one which is future-proof. HS2 represents a massive failure of vision.
It's a monumental waste of money. Like he said, UK cities aren't that far apart to need these expensive straight rail lines. If you need more freight capacity then build freight lines instead.  I've literally never in my life met anyone in London that took a train to Birmingham.  The internet and e-business is going to make this project out dated before it is finished. You need to move goods around not so much people.  If you built a high speed rail line from London to Nice or Marseilles that got you there in 3 hours ((210mph) then I'd be all for it. It would be an instant hit.
The pygmies in power fell for the salesman that introduced the very expensive idea, a bit like a double glazing or damp course salesman. The price quoted was far smaller and once the real price set in the pygmies knew it wasnt their money but for the public purse to pay. so just like any other government projects of the last few decades  they fail, what a surprise!. it should have started up the northern end first less problems to deal with and costs would have been lower.
I noticed this comment in the video "Huge benefits are laid out for future generations" erm.....only those generations that want to travel between Birmingham and London. The much larger percentage of generations to come in the UK will have no benefits.
At some point F.U.D is actually 90% of your additional expense, inflation is the remainder.  Studies gobble up money amongst political buddies here in America, and the studies tend to be wheel spinning to justify a fee that is not really producing anything.  Britain building a new "Continental Railroad" running from south to north would be a big benefit.
TVA.....HS2 both were controversial.  TVA allowed the USA to make aluminum in quantity for WW2, HS2 will do what for England? No way to tell, but id a country is going to spend a money in a bucket load, that is the way to do it.  A big Aswan Dam or Hoover Dam project uses everyone's money to benefit the most possible.  Getting passengers off the freight lines and allowing cheap medium rranged travel that is also green will have all sorts of benefits.  I am not invested and I can see that.  I would like to see Britain gain some steps out of the Brexit doldrums.
The existing rail networks are incredibly and sometimes prohibitively expensive compared to much of the rest of Europe. The UK government have a a habit of using taxpayer money to build infrastructure, then selling to private investors who use it to extort the population.
Japanese people watching this video be like: "British not sure about high speed railways are so kawaii." French, German and Spanish people be like "It's about time." Chinese people be like "Why does it take you so long ?" North Americans be like "What on earth is high speed railways for ? Driving for hours   like everybody else is the right way."
Why not just change the signs  ie; Newcastle becomes London!
That’s nothing here in melbourne Australia we are building a railway complex underground around our outer suburbs at a cost of around 200 billion twice the size of that
And China has built over 20,000 miles of high speed rail ways in the time we have been playing at it
10:20  by country the "people" did not choose this, the English chose this.
9:00 "uk's major cities". No, Englands Major cities, that's not the UK there's nothing UK about that at all. that's all England, only the English benefit. the Scots, Welsh, Northern Irish and Manx, they only have different stations to get off at now. in no way does this project benefit Scottish or Welsh taxpayer money, it's exclusively English.
we only have so much land, no need to make the rest of the UK as efficient or as big as london, economic growth brings city growth. new buildings, new towns, new connections, new people. local traditions are lost, local pride is lost, don't do this. Our communities, they'll become a remnant of what they were, and sheer greed, convenience and capitalism will charge the nation, not identity, culture and pride, which we like to bolster as a feign and present nowadays.
The uk runs 1000km north to south, this runs about 200km. so this is one more service that southeast has to make it impossible for business and communities elsewhere in the uk to compete. They keep saying it goes to "the north". It goes nowhere near the north.
HS2 is a complete load of bollocks and a huge waste of money. Tax payers all over the UK are paying for this shite and only a very small percentage will benefit.  I live in a small shitty little town in East Yorkshire (Goole), with one of the largest council taxes in the UK. I had an argument with my local MP Andrew Percy about the absolute waste of money this was and it would have no benefit whatsoever to this area. His argument was that it would bring relief to the East Coast Mainline with HS2 to Leeds which now his ex boss scrapped so he just turned into another lying politician.  HS2 will have no benefit to Scotland, the East Coast and South West coast of the UK yet us suckers are paying for it. The bastards who thought this scheme up should be put up against a wall and shot.
Excellent informations.
Just get on and build the bloody thing
It never ceases to amaze me how Sheepish and daft the UK public are. All the infrastructure for massive repression and control are being rolled out and folk are like Lambs to the slaughter. From Smart meters to Electric cars and HS1 & 2's, all marketed as items that make your life easier when in fact their instruments of control.  I'm 50 years old and I've watched it implemented over time. It's not conspiracy theory. It's fact.
The Chinese would have finished it for half the price in half the time.  We like to cope and say "yeah but with half the quality and safety too"! But that simply isn't true.
Total waste of money. All for 30 minuets faster journey from London to Manchester. Decimating landscapes and creating "temporary" jobs they forget that fact.
I think this Project will be "The Taj mahal of UK". The Taj mahal, is not just one of the 7 wonders of the world, but it was a job creator for architects, artisans, craftsmen, traders, and other construction laborers for 17yrs long years. that's how great cities are built.
And will it have cycleways for when we run out of oil and electric?
It started in the wrong place. London is an economic dead end. It should have run to connect directly to the Channel Tunnel. That's where a major market is (or was before Brexit). Laying offerings at the door of No.10 profits no-one except parliamentary ego's. Waste of money as it stands. To use it you have to access it. The infrastructure to feed it is effectively starved of funds and will soak up any time savings on the high speed section.
From a North American perspective, I can't help but feel surprised seeing environmentalists protesting against the expansion and upgrading of a rail network which will ultimately result in a major reduction in air-travel. Obviously, not all environmentalists are fighting for the same causes I guess. It's also weird seeing right wing politicians in support of it. In the US and Canada, investing public money in upgrading or expanding rail networks is, as far as I've observed, something which only more pro-environment, and left-leaning voters and parties are in favour of. This is a bit of a culture shock for me.
I say "build it and they will come". Though this is not true in every case, building a high speed rail line between two major population centers is almost always a winning proposition. The distance is actually ideal (200 miles between London and Manchester). People along the line will be able to go back and forth to London in about an hour or less time. Opposition will fade as long as it gets built in a reasonable amount of time and without major budget overruns.
Man, the cadence of this journalist is frustrating to listen to.
Who is going to build the trains? Have they been started? I can't see the UK building them with no experience in the sector.
"It's a terrible waste of taxpayer money" Translated = "I won't be using it so why do we need it".
Getting access to the railway building stations doesn't exactly make me trust this
100 billion to save 37 minutes
So this project is costing me £1,000 will probably mean house prices in my area will go up and will only benefit people travelling to and from London? Whilst I have to put up with the same crappy local trains? Great... Thanks guys
I'm amazed that people are opposed to this on the grounds of climate change and environmentalism
It's a complete waste of money. All it will do is enable people to get to London faster, at a time when the government say they are trying to level up the country.
Economic growth, you’ve got to laugh.😂
◻️🐘
A bigger waste of taxpayers money is the massive social support given by governments to the unemployed. At least investment in infrastructure enables, instead of burdens.
Why would anyone want to get to London that fast?
A lot cheaper than the £263 BILLIONS it is costing to decommission Selafield.
Using money from The North to fund vanity projects for the rich in The South.... we need a reckoning.
I’ve been lucky enough to speak to a few of the people working on this project, I can say it is in good hands
your audio mixing is off
Id rather they spent 100 billion on this than military spending
At least Boris Johnson's father got a nice £4m pay off to buy his house which just happened to be on the route.
In my view, this has to be built. Britain is expected to have the best rail in the world. Tourism was not mentioned but just think of the tourist wanting to travel up through Britain on the slow dragged out rail system that exists now, then compare how you would view going on the same journey on a high speed rail.  Its a No Brian-er for me I can tell you.
One thing that bugs me about HS2 is that Wales and Scoland are paying out of pocket to fund it (while receiving pennies in comparison for their own transport budgets from the treasury) and we see absolutely no benefit from it. The Welsh taxpayer is paying for HS2 and nothing in return. I imagine the North of England feels the same. London gets everything, as usual, and everyone else foots the bill.
I ride the Shinkansen between Kobe and Tokyo regularly. HS2 is definitely worth it as an idea, however as someone who grew up in London, it is a travesty if it does not link to Scotland, Leeds, and that Northern Powerhouse rail was downgraded. I really wish that Labour will address this when they get into power although I think they will have too much to do given Brexit and Bojo and Trussterf*ck's horrific governmental decisions of the last 6 years.
How about those Chinese high-speed railways? With their mountain ranges and vast valleys to bridge and traverse and vast distances to cover?
What a colossal waste. The UK is doomed. The only solution I can see is to make economics a compulsory subject. Perhaps then citizens would have a better chance at defending themselves against crooked politicians that represent mega-contractors. The current 'slow' trains are basically unaffordable for ordinary citizens...current trains cost more than flying. What do you think it will cost to travel on high speed trains??  There will be almost zero demand for a slightly faster train that costs even more than the extortionate price we already pay. British people don't want high speed trains, we want cheaper trains. ffs.
Maybe one day average Mr & Mrs Joe Blogs will be able to afford to use the worst & most expensive rated network in the world 👍
You channel is making the jump from a craft channel to something really professional.  The piece to camera sections work extremely well, and a real departure from normal YouTube fare. They link with the fact you are not just golly-goshing a big new project but thinking critically about the cost benefit ratio
Uk tries to do something Europe already has, and fails. I love how much I can copy paste that sentence. It's so applicable. Shitty chauvenistic nation.
bro, i'm unironically soo fucking pissed at beeching... WE HAD A HS2 EQUIVALENT BACK IN THE EARLY-MID 20TH CENTURY, THE GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY!!! THE STRAIGHTEST AND MOST DIRECT ROUTE FROM LONDON TO SHEFFIELD!!! WE COULD'VE EXTENDED THAT BUT NOOOOO! BEECHING DECIDED TO GET RID OF MOST OF IT BECAUSE "it wasn't profitable" MY FUCKING GOD IF WE HAD HINDSIGHT OF THIS MAJOR PROJECT TO CONNECT BRITAN I'D WALK PAST NOTTINGHAM VICTORIA EVERY DAY INSTEAD OF A FUCKING UGLY SHOPPING CENTRE AND POTENTIALLY EXTREMELY EASY TRAVEL TO LONDON AND  POTENTIALLY SCOTLAND!! FUCK SAKE MAN... THE UK GOVERMENT WAS SO MUCH INTO THE IDEA OF USING OUR OLD INFASTRUCTURE THAT THE APT WAS MADE AND THEN FLOPPED AND THAT HAD MILLIONS SUNK INTO IT...
That money could have benefitted the whole tired looking rail network.. now it’s just a few Londoners saving 20min to go to a town I wouldn’t want to found dead in..
I can see in comments that there's a definite comparison to Japan's Shinkansen and German ICE's draught, but here we're talking mere 200 miles (at max!) that are taking hundreds of billions. That is not quite proportional to Japan's and Germany distances.   Yet, current Japan economy shows an obvious sign of deficit of real money compared to some of artificially loaned ones. Can't deny that people wellbeing is drastically improved with the introduction of the high-speed line. Though, considering that now our world is turning out to be more work-on-remote basis, I don't beleive the high-speed connectivity will benefit at least 80% of the people.  German ICE have made it to connect the whole country (from North to South!) with the help of 6-hour train, but it cost a ton and still not accessible to any "regular" traveller on a "weekly" basis. Yet, I bet, it is still the most effective high-speed railways in Europe, so the profits of other countries compared to the scale of economics are quite "insignificant". And we're not taliking Netherlands given their rather non-spacious railroad network.  So, drawing conclustions from this video, I could say only that if we'd built something good, than it will definetely cost more than it is worth, and that's the issue we have to face today. And the risk that it would be worth the money only at the point, when it will be outdated. And only issue that it is a rabbit hole. Even though, every concern is noted.
The biggest things with HS2 are that it needs to be faster, and the fares need to be so low you barely think about it. Fuel prices might be going up, but as soon as it’s more than just on person making the trip, driving becomes FAR cheaper than current train costs. I want to be able to go from London to Manchester in 30 mins and for it to cost £10
£100bn to cut 37 minutes off a journey time that isn’t that long anyway, between the two biggest cities in the UK . . .  Sheffield to Manchester takes 75 minutes but its only 40 miles. HS2 does nothing to address that.  Not far North of Birmingham there are Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds and Sheffield and the transport links between those cities are 💩   Why’s there no East-West line to connect some of those cities?  The whole thing makes even less sense when you bear in mind that post pandemic passenger numbers are still down over 40% and there’s been a massive shift to working from home.
So £100 Billion and 30 years wait - To get to Birmingham half an hour faster.
I hope they thought about building nuclear shelters into it?
Imagine protesting a high speed rail for "the environment". NIMBYs...
If it was an American football stadium then it would have gotten $1 billion public funding and finished construction early.
Good job they did not listen to theses people in 1840
Isn't there something similar to this in Portugal or Spain?
HS2 is a total waste of money except for those earning big money from the project directly.
Carbon-free travel?!? HOW??? Are they going to incorporate some of those silly carbon-offset schemes? Are they talking just about the energy needs for the trains and the automated infrastructure on a day-to-day basis? Even walking 100 meters to a store does produce carbon emmisions (I'm not talking about breathing) if you consider all the things that allow the journey. This obsession of ours with eliminating any traces of carbon emmisions is ridiculous.
Amazing and insightful video 💡
Levelling up the North!
All that money spent on saving 45 minutes  between Birmingham and London  I couldn have saved them billions by increasing the speed limit on motorways to 80 MPH.
Trains can't accurate too fast before riders get seasick. Britain does not have enough space for any significant distance at full speed. A well built normal speed train would have been a much better option.
An infrastructure project is worth the pain because it will change peoples lives, anyone taken the train recently? you'll know that London to Manchester/Glasgow/Birmingham/Newcastle is often overcrowded and unpleasant at time. Imagine taking all those people off and putting them on a HS2 train,
Everyone brings up the Shinkansen but Japan is a vastly different country. As much as I'd like to have one here, it's not going to happen like for like in how efficient and cost effective it actually turns out being. And if you don't live anywhere near the mainline between London and Manchester, then you wonder why your tax money is paying for something you still probably won't use if it still means your local public transport hasn't changed or very little has changed to your services. Wales and the south west of England for example are very literally out of the picture in this video. I'm all for new infrastructure, but if we can continue to accept the bloating budget of HS2 as a necessary means to an end, why can't projects like this for new lines be developed to connect the least economically developed parts of the UK?
by the time it's complete it will already be out dated - an utter waste of public money that should have been spent on much need transport and energy infrastructure improvements.
London is a vampire.
Currently working on HS2, the amount of wasted time and resources is incredible. There’s always a saying based in construction..‘you always know when it’s a public project’. Companies are treating it like a blank cheque knowing that public money in essence won’t run out, they are far too long in the tooth to cancel the project now, so it has to choice to continue.
Question, are we talking here about a TGV like train, to only halve the time it's very much a big waste. I thought it was a Maglev at that price...
Where did that guy get £1000 per taxpayer? 100bn /29m taxpayers = £3400 per taxpayer. Or £6800 per working couple. Unless the private sector are paying for some of it. Low carbon lol Massive carbon footprint of building. When there's already a north south railway🤔
The total $106 Billion  price tag is only 1/20th the USA spent giving every citizen $1400 ($2 trillion) in the middle of the pandemic in 2020.  My point, I have no idea.
Concrete. They don’t use much of it?
Like most public funded large scale projects its become a farce. Remember the APT anyone? The north always comes last. They should always start building these to London. There should be consequences for delays or not completing proper research before undertaking a big job. It's so amatuerish. It will never break even.  Just look at China's high speed train as an example.
people's carry on, time wasting protest, asking for the impossible could never be estimate. The puplic carry on has easily doubled the price of how cheap it could have been built.
>Spend decades trying to revitalize unprofitable rail travel. >Scrap hundreds of thousands of miles of usable track. >Consolidate and nationalize the entire rail industry. >Don't build any new railroad for generations. >Then, sit there and think it's "Oh so easy and convenient" to just start that machine up all over again.  That's government in a nutshell.
Lets wait and see how much a ticket costs lol
well that did not happen and not going to happen
No wonder we are in a bottomless S-PIT
The government wanted a big budget project like this train to easily justify excess spending.
The California hig speed appears to be on the road to go 100 billion for 1/3 of the total length.  The cheapest parts at that.  The tunnel work thru things like the  San Andreas and other faults still have to be "Figured Out".  They still haven't got a plan for what do do when winds carry the Russian Thistle (Tumble Weeds) into the path of the train and thus into contact with the catenary and the pantograph... The first time the tumble weed meets the wire with the train at speed?  Torn up Pantograph, and wires down for miles.  A minor difficulty in the minds in California.  They started building the line "in the middle"... which was a way to build the part that is affordable.  The tunnels between the current end of construction and LA could run lots of hundreds of billions.  The same problem with the end heading toward San Jose...Lots of tunnels.. lots of bridges.  And then there is the California grid that they say will be unstable if you charge your electric car at night, and has rolling blackouts whenever it gets to warm or cold.    If there is no electric, there is no train.
WTF? How can a project run "several times" over budget? A 10% over-run is significant, 20% serious, and 30% unacceptable.
they are digging a tunnel to save trees ? idiots , all I can say
These videos really ought to be 4k in 2022, always enjoy the content though.
What does all the moneys pay to the areas now? Does it not put a lot of money back in the pockets of the workers and administrators.
Brilliant video
Major infrastructure is almost always worth the cost
Nothing more difficult than change. (Especially for The English).
3 decades to build ! this country is a joke
None of the buildings look attractive at all. Why is the conservative government refusing to design buildings conservatively? This channel is particularly guilty of giving airtime to hideous buildings purely based on the amount of money is being spent on them.
I work a bit with HS2 and it's a colossal waste of money. There is a veritable 'feeding frenzy' amongst the contractors, sub-contractors, sub-sub-contractors etc. Everyone is charging above market rate to begin with and then every layer adds a huge mark-up. The government is basically providing a blank cheque and because work has started they can't stop the financial bleed. Alongside that, huge swathes of countryside and forests have been scoured of life and it seems every few miles there is a massive depot with hundreds of people and vehicles milling about. If you took away the high-vis clothing and JCBs you'd think it was no man's land at the Somme! They say it'll connect Britain, but if the normal, slow trains we already have are grossly unaffordable you can bet HS2 will be a monumental rip-off. They won't even go that fast because they'll have to keep slowing down due to noise pollution and with all the money being spent, the government opted not to go for the superior mag trains like they use in Japan. Not that most people outside the cities will be able to conveniently use it anyway - the stops seem to be limited to the major cities. For the money it's projected to cost, we could almost wipe out the debt from the pandemic or completely overhaul and improve the NHS! It's just bonkers!
It's been proven to draw investment away from the north and Scotland. All to feed the south east.
HS2 connecting the north.....  ends at Manchester.....    hahahahahaha
I'm from the north and even though they really need to level up the country, I'm not opposed to HS2, I think it's a good idea and would be very useful
Economic growth! Since you dropped EU, you don't have that problem anymore. 🤣
Big part of that money will go to jobs ( people who get money being at home will work ) ( and the money they get will go to the "streets" where they will pay taxes and big part will return to the government ) Same goes for resurces , they buy resurces and machines then they will pay taxes , they will have more jobs and it goes around like this  Sure not 100% but some part will  But then you will have the advantage of having an amazing Railway that will help people , economy , saving natural resurces , etc  Im not a big fan of useless spendings like resorts and shits like that but this is something that has many advantages  But im not from UK , dont know how it works , just suposing by logic  Anyway , good luck
Were else in the world you take thirty eight years to build in the UK
How well has this dated?
Such a shit economic argument ..  Paying a mortgage in London would be cheaper than commuting to London by train daily from Birmingham - and you have a house at the end.... Here you're just lining pockets of shareholders to provide you with an over priced shit service delayed by leaves on the track....
Always talk talk talk without any result.
carbon free my arse the carbon from construction is massive and electric trains still need power stations
What will the ticket cost for a month traveling T@R?
i live in Penzance..therefore i dont give S**T
Carbon free? Laughable!
All these dramas for only 500km of high speed rail.  Ridiculous.
The longer you wait the more the cost just do it.  Of course a western 5 eyes country will never let China come in and assist.  Despite the fact that they have built a hundred times the distance of high speed rail than this one over terrain that makes this one look like a flat plain.
this sounds to me like it won't actually boost the economies of northern towns and cities, only london - if indeed the primary use case is that of people commuting to london to work
Amazing commentary. Bravo for putting this together. Congrats on the well deserved recent award
Unlike the good idea but badly planned S21 project HS2 could be very useful for the north if it would actually go to the north and not stop before the middle. Have chosen ONE line instead of “legs” could have brought real advantage to Scotland . The “ leg” could be built in the future.  S21  is a great ADDITION to the actual station but a bad idea for REPLACING it.
What? really they are still going ahead with HS2. I thought they abandoned the project years ago
Whats ridicuous about HS2 is that for all this trouble and opposition what is the reward again? You can get from London to Birmingham 30 minutes quicker. Or instead of 1hr24 it takes 52 minutes. Thats it? Meanwhile the big northern cities are crying out for better travel infrastructure. Surely this should have been the priority.
it isn't being built up the heart of Britain.  it's an England project yet those on Scotland Wales and NI won't benefit but be expected to pay for it.  it's disgusting that this is expected like Scotland paying for England's energy crisis.
HS2 is similar to the Channel Tunnel in terms of engineering feats but since we've cut ourselves off from Europe the time feels wrong for these massively expansive gestures, it could be decades before any benefits are felt.
Hahahaha look at Jakarta and Bandung speed train ..... Third world country having speed train faster than this ...
What disadvantages?
They closed many railways in the 1970s and 80s in my area probably because cars became more prevalent and popular.  It causes acres of damage around the railway route not just a 10 metre wide line. It also damages the roads in the local area due to heavy traffic, huge trucks etc, making driving and cycling harder.  Between HS2 and new build houses,  there will be hardly any countryside left,  just urban / suburban, large towns and cities only separated by a few miles of intensely farmed fields.  So much ability to travel fast but nowhere nice to go thats the future of the UK.
In Japan, some people are against the Linear Chuo Shinkansen, maglev train.
I would like to be discussing delays and controversies of a train project like this in my country, but unfortunately the Brazilian government has cancelled the railroad project that would link São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
Anyone from Australia who has seen the tv series called Utopia would relate to the debacle of this project 😂😂
I live in the east of England, to reach HS-2 requires a journey south or west of 100+ miles!  By the time HS-2 is finished the sea level rise occuring will have wiped out any economic benefits it could bring.  Better to spend taxpayers money on projects to help reduce the threat of flooding.
We in the north said it was just for London and never for the levelling up It was never for the north
@rekaputri .official 🌏🎵🎵🎵
Aqiss And Family 👼🎵🎵🎵
Hand over the project to the chinese, problem solved.
The idea that people will commute to the city seems complete BS. The price of fares will be prohibitive. It will be richt city people heading out to the bungalows and villas in the wild north.
There are many high speed transit projects that are in development/construction that are much larger than this. Maybe not on planet Europe, though.
When ever we talk about these big government infrastructure projects we always talk as though those tens of billions are just disappearing, but it's not.  That money is going back into the economy, all the employee's pay income tax, they buy products where they pay value added tax and in the long run the country will always benifit from projects like this, even though they were once considered financial disasters.
The Czech republic just aims to get in very same issues. Anyway, I still believe HSR system is only future for whole Europe.
If you want a infrastructure project to benefit the north, maybe you should build it in the north, and definitively start in the north. Birmingham is not in the north of even England let alone the UK. London certainly isn't. And obviously it is the last bit of the tracks that gets the budget cuts, not the part already build. Generally, if you want to develop underdeveloped areas, that means investing more into them than into those already wealthy, not less or even the same. Maybe you should have started from Newcastle to Leeds or Hull and then look where you go from there. You know, actual areas nearer to the bottom of wealth in England.
A project like this reminds me the famous greek proverb "A society grows great when old men plant trees in whose shade they shall never sit."  The proverb's from Greece. A civilization that believed in spreading values of democracy and encouraging free thinking. Socrates has always insisted honesty as a basic virtue and also in questioning every belief which does not sound rational. The saying of old men planting trees whose shade they may not make use of… is indicative of an unselfish character of society. A society becomes great when people become responsible and unselfish. When a man plants a tree he always expects to gain something from the tree in the form of fruits and shade. But when an old man plants a tree he knows well that he will not live see the plant grow up to bear fruits, or enjoy its shade, still he does it so that his future generation will be benefited by it. This unselfish behavior is a sign of the greatness of a society.  Britain has felt like it's lost its greatness, the pride in the 1950's is feels wasted on the soft adults today, who expect free hand outs and to never get their hands dirty, we need to be less selfish and willing to see projects through with the hope to continue making our country better for our children to live here in the future. Yes the benefits of this railway will help to average out property values across the areas affected. There is one symptom I wish to ask, in Japan and Spain, where other high speed projects have been completed already, there have also been reports of small villages becoming abandoned, the story is younger generations leave these small rural locations to go to the mega cities where all the opportunities are being created, naturally, this is sparking a few questions in my mind, such as 'is this a negative effect possibly being caused by high speed networks?', surely ghosting large areas of land while condensing the population into smaller living spaces has it's share of consequences too? after all, Japan is having some terrible problems with its population growth and many other countries are showing signs they might be following Japans worrying trends.
Ironic for environmentalists to be protesting against a new rail project
Great video but the major benefit was skimmed over, than being freeing up capacity across the midlands & into wales not just on London to Birmingham line.
The people of Scotland are paying £100m for a train track that will stop 250 miles south of Glasgow. Benefits? convince me there are some/any
Delays + over budget,,,,, so like any building projekt in Denmark.
'THE NORTH' = somewhere not in the north of the UK. If you keep saying it you might eventually convince yourself that it'll benefit 'the wider north and Scotland too'. Just repeat the lie and move on
In principle, HS2 is a great idea, but not this plan, it should be a continuous line, not broken up into sections that require transfers between the segments, it also should link directly to HS1 (channel tunnel).
Get the ordinary rail network mastered first and _maybe_ then frig about with this high speed nonsenese What a monumental embarrassment
If destroying centuries old woodlands that will not be easily replaced and disrupting thousands, if not tens of thousands so a small few can profit from the masses? What a foolish idea, that the people have no say on...
High speed rail can lead transformative change. The best example is of course in China where major inland cities are linked with 300k trains. However rail travel in China is also unbelievably cheap. And because it's so cheap the locals use it. You can even buy really cheap stand up tickets! I have travelled extensively in China. The UK however already has a rail system that is extremely expensive and very complicated to use without paying excessively. We found Europe was far better in this respect. HS2 is unlikely to be cheap and the people who might use it won't. Because it will be much too expensive.
The same people who were screaming we need high speed rail to cut carbon emissions are now the exact same people crying about it being built
the environmental concerns about damage during building vs the longterm positive climate impact of moving to trains as a means of transporting people seems like a kind of flippant protest
all shit related with green energy, net zero, gender inequality and most recently russian-fobia represent a massive tease to the taxpayers and and incongrunce to the wellbeing
being from the north (lancashire) it pisses me of hearing southerners saying its to much money and not worth it would they like to say that to our faces we need a quick route to london and this is our answer southerners need to start respectinng us or we will always be divided
while there have been mistakes like starting south to north and not vice versa it will make britain prosper again just like the last railways i victorian times boosted the country freight can have its own lines and we can go from scotland to lodon in less then 3 hour cant make an omlette withought breaking some eggs
I live near Salisbury and tbh this is a waste of my tax money. I have not used a train in over 25 years and never will I go to any of the locations the HS2 will visit including London.
Wonder how many of those protestors drive petrol cars
This will only run in England, so it only dividing England. Unlike other countries worldwide their new railways are nationwide. What about Wales and Scotland. As usual they do not matter. I am a staunch advocate of good quality public transport, but in the U.K. it just does not happen. Please do not suggest we are devolved nations. If this is the answer, Independence now.
expanding roads would be cheaper, better for the economy, and much more practical.
Someone in Sheffield i can get to London fast enough already thank you. But try getting to Manchester or Hull it fucking ridiclous.
Building mass transit infrastructure to speed up transit, comfort, and safety will always be worth the money, time, and effort.  Giving rich people a tax cut is always going to be a complete waste of money and a giant middle finger to everyone.  That said, they need to keep the HSR lines completely separate from the legacy rail and freight lines and that means completely building out the HSR lines all the way north to Scotland.
will cost each and every man/woman/child 1500 pounds... wow.
"It is just a waste of money, a terrible waste of money" And this is why I see less and less public projects being taken up by local and governmental officials. Everyone is so "Today Thinking" and not "Tomorrow Thinking" as I like to call them, basically everyone is too much focused on the present than they are on the future and thats why, for instance, the rise of EV's are struggling (at least here) No one wants to sink the money to invest into the charging stations due to "it being a waste of money" and so we cant utilize the EV's thus stuck using petrol.  Another great example is that the train network has been offline for passenger transportation for as long as I can remember. I live in a township thats growing by the day, we already saw a huge population increase a few years back and we are still riding that wave. Our current only public transport is a Bus Network that depending on the time you are taking the bus can take different amounts of time. The is BusA, a direct bus which only goes to 3 stops in the township and drop off at 3 hubs in the city (2 CBD edge and central). BusB, the 'express' bus takes BusC's route but is only support to pickup when going into the city to a point and after that point its drop off - its not any faster than C in most cases. BusC, standard route, goes through our township then the next one over then into the city. BusA is really the only bus I want to be taking but they only have limited times of running that bus, from 6am-8am and 3:40pm-5:40pm. The slight issue is that for a lot of people, though this is the best bus, its outside their travel times, meaning they have to take either B or C which can be double the time of A.  I would love to see our train operational because it also means we can run to the Rural towns as well, who have 0 public connection to my township meaning they need to drive in, and it would be a quick system. Yes, there are upgrades needed to the tracks, another lane in some sections will been needed for passing (its a 1 laner) and I would love to see it be upgraded to an electric train . I honestly believe we could have been the Southern Hemisphere's Japan, though sadly we looked to America and how they were (and still are) all about cars, there are even ads for how "an 18 year olds freedom is their own car, so get it insured with us"
Since when the Gotthard base tunnel opened, travelling to Zurich, about 2h30m  driving time, is much better by train requiring about two hours and dropping you right in the centre of town. Taking a train to the airport takes 20 minutes more. It cost a ton of money but the capacity has increased as also freight goes through the tunnel.
I worked on it and let me tell you it ain't all sunshine and rainbows. Would even let us have water down the shafts in 35° weather for starters. I could go on a lot more but I won't!
Boris’s vanity project. All for London to Birmingham 20 mins quicker for business people. The vast majority won’t be able to afford it.
Everyone who has ever visited China will tell you that High Speed rail is very common 🤣🤣🤣
100bn on a rail network to connect to cities for commuters when the majority of the country still work from home since the pandemic.
Britain & Germany should think about connecting HS2 to Stuttgart 21 and the (relatively) new Berlin-Brandenburg airport.^^
A criminal waste of money and destruction of homes, property and countryside and benefit  less than .0001% of the population and that's  being generous,
kao, 在大英造这么一小截子高铁要这么多$$? 难怪你们撒泼打滚也要保持上个世纪的所谓“国际秩序”。
I don't know if any of those people have brain because if you don't invest in railway then the whole traffic on the roads increases so much that you frequently have to close off roads to repair them and who pays for it? Right, the taxpayers.
It is a grotesque vanity project and white elephant.
£3.8 billion so far spent on Ukraine by the UK in 2022.....
The costs and delays are even worse than the Berlin Airport. I thought it is impossible to surpass that
It is a myopic view to think that it is a waste of tax payer. For the long-term, it would be beneficial for the improvement of the country as Britain is currently frozen in time in infrastructure developments. Just look at the scale of CHINA's railways, fast and furious .
MOst suStAinAbLe
I work in construction.  There's an old saying: The UK is run by engineers and accountants (quantity surveyors).  These people are constantly thinking up new infrastructure projects, using their power to get the government to back them, massively under-tendering the project then reaping the benefits of an endless money pit because it cannot be cancelled.  £100 billion - that's a lot of money being printed just to save us 30 minutes...
If it is in Europe, it is not im Miles per hour.
I think if they wanted to win a lot of public opinion they should have started consturtion in the north and worked down to london it would in a way stop them being able to say we cant go to the next city it will cost too much because that next city would be london and if your high speed rail network dose link to the captal it kinda sucks
Heart of England not Britain!!
If only there was a massive fund distributed to recover from the pandemic... Oh wait.
Don't listen idiots.  ! JUST DO IT !
A total waste of money. With most working from home why on earth do we need this great big white elephant project?
Old uneducated welfare/rent hogging boomers opposing public infrastructure, that’s new.
its bs you know whos paying for it....us in wales fuck england
THE problem with politicians is that they are not able/willing to come back on a decision. If a company was run like that, it most likely will go bankrupt quickly. Another problem is that civil servants do not talk about money but about budget. And that is not the same!
What I gather from this video: Private enterprise is better.
TGV makes the opposite of what they prettend. Instead of letting people live elsewhere and go to London when they need, they end up livin in London knowing they can go back to their family or manufacturer facility when they need to.
should finish Crossrail first, thats gonna cost about £100BN by the time its finished!!
HS2 is efficient, effective, and economical compared to NASA's SLS. Americans also waste unimaginable amounts of taxpayer dollars.
Although I am concerned with the effects on the British countryside this project is well needed to connect the entire country and spread the wealth
My question is, when this come over to Scotland? Thanks
People moaning about high speed railway being built 😅
being honest we couldnt care less doesnt divide anyone where i live
HS2 will just mean more people can get to London, quicker. The best way to help the North is to improve our infrastructure.. Better local railways and tramways, would be a good start.
At 00:18. Some of the fastest trains on earth. I thought they were only going to do a top speed of 140 MPH (224 Kph).
Sustainable…Decarbonize…blah…blah…blah.
If it,s that much over budget someone should be out of a job.
Massive destruction of ancient sites... massive cost overruns.... built to link migrant hubs of the UK.. what could possibly go wrong...
Enjoyable documentary 👌
It’s all the fault of Auntie’s Growth.
Just think how far technology will have advanced by the time they “get this done “ it will probably be obsolete by they time it’s even finished.
An absolute scar on the countryside and an absolute waste of money. Politicians continuing to sh1t on us.
The World's most expensive train is the new "train" between LA & San Francisco.  $113 BILLION and skyrocketing every year. Number of passengers carried to date:  ZERO
Amazing the amount of work that goes into digging a hole
we will have full augmented reality by 2030 -- Boris / Cameron did this to prop up their mates wallets -- nothing more
Government ruins everything.
Total waste of money and killing the country in ways you would not imagine!!!!
If and when it ever opens the rail workers union will be asking for a 100% salary increase before any trains run on it and it will end up like the disastrous rail service we have today .
Wow. Amazing project Someone 😍🤟💖✌️🤘👍💯🥰👏👏👏👏👏
I remember when the Channel Tunnel was being built in the early 90s there was widespread scorn of it as being a huge waste of money, although there was also a common misconception that it was taxpayer's money (the project was actually one of the largest privately-funded projects in history).
The north south divide in London is even worse when you consider that a lot of the investment in London by the government was made available by the Scottish North Sea oil and gas revenue. Which really should have been spent closer to Scotland and the gas producing areas of the north
Colonizers rest assured india will start it's high speed rail years before you that too 500 km length
I would love to visit England and use HSR2 because as a tourist I don't have a lot of time for vacations so every hour counts.And HSR2  can become an attraction itself.So win for England 🇬🇧 👏
Any dumb idiot would off known that when they said it would cost £30 odd billion that by the time it would be built it would at least be double that amount
And who is going to be able to afford a ticket
1 billion eur for the entire railway... I want to stir the pot, but I would argue that if you adjust for inflation, the New York, Westchester & Boston (which operated in NY from 1909 to 1937) was nearly as expensive with its $1.2 million per mile cost, and nearly 40 miles of track + infrastructure. $48,480,000.00 in 1913 dollars (since that is the lowest these online calculators go year wise), which converts to $1,450,340,412.12 USD in 2022 dollars, or 1,490,391,562.60 eur.
Hmmm. Th b1m should know better. Look at the big picture and compare with how other projects have been globally conducted. You might have more respect for hs2 then when reporting. Unfortunately there is no perfect plan….. and trust me. All of you complaining would not be able to do better. You know this of course. You just want viewers.
So we get this brand new railway that no longer goes as far as promised and basically links up London and Birmingham and like we already have 2 routes linking London and Birmingham… WTF…
Elephant in the room ?   Northern Powerhouse 🤔  Or……………. that lesser known “Northern Region” of this “United Kingdom” of regions, that being, the one and only, tiny and insignificant Scotland   Only mentioned 24 minutes into the 34 minute video and fleetingly glimpsed on this delightful maps   London and the South East are the most important areas of the UK and the rest of us, especially up in “The North” beyond the wasteland that is the “Midlands” can literally waste our living years, dreaming of the spoils that London and the South east, get “bestowed” upon them.
Huge white elephant.
Living in-between Sheffield and Leeds we won't get any benefit from this at all (but as a taxpayer I'll pay for it) - so much for levelling up!
Something I think we as a species need to understand is that we have been borrowing from the future for over a hundred years now and we need to pay that borrowing back with interest now, and the longer we wait the higher that interest is going to be.  We need to see green projects through even if they're extraordinarily expensive to avoid worse problems in the future.
We are so behind into infrastructure on train
One can compare this to Taiwan's HS. Their HS literally runs parallel to the current rail network and cost a lot.  btw, we are still talking about construction. How about... the ticket price? A rail connecting places has no use without passengers willing to pay that premium to save time.
I don't understand why an 500 km project could costs 100 billion whilst, in France, they build the LGV Est, 300 km, at 4 billion "only". It is like, this new line will cost more than the entire french high speed network.
We will see profits in 2093.
Over budget. What a surprise. I expect ticket prices to be astronomical. The money would have been far better spent upgrading existing lines, stock and services.
It is a total waste of money that very few of the population will actually use. The cost of rail travel compared to most other countries is ridiculous and this will only make it more expensive. Our road infrastructure needs huge investment to rebuild roads that have never been improved from when they were first built, they need to be widened and separate cycle lanes built like in Germany and Holland. Tunnels built to hide roads in AONB, dual carriageway extended the full length of the road and new motorways, none of this ever gets done, year after year, the roads are literally falling apart or subsiding and yet a political decision is made that will make big corporations huge amounts of money and get little use continues even though most the population is against it.
Who will it be for and who will be able to afford a ticket?
The biggest of white elephants. Conceived to fix bottlenecks, justified by the reduction in travel time of mere minutes, and rendered pointless by the change in working patterns and internet technology. Another fine budget breaking mess our useless overlords have gotten the hard pressed English taxpayer into. This money spent across the entire rail network would have been money much better spent. Too late now. We are committed, and the greedy, lying contractors know it - hence why the price just keeps going up and up and up. Nobody involved is ever to blame or held accountable, and only the tax payers (most of whom will never use HS2) are on the hook for the cost overshooting. Shameful.
we need to build Shinkansen clones PLANET-WIDE, NOT protest against them!
Hs2 only serves the south like everything else.
infrastructure is NOT a waste of money, as a rule. it's not tax cuts for billionnaires after all.
I have just been in Canada. They built the CPR, more than 3,000 miles, in 5 years and with picks and shovels. We are a joke!  I have also been on the modern rail in China and Japan. Why are we still wringing our hands like a bunch of neurotics? Yes of course Londoners want Crossrail 2 and stuff the rest of the country. We need at least one modern line up the spine of our country.
@24:40 im sorry but WTF its just goin to save you 20 mins from manchester to london and the cost of it O M F G and i bet the cost is still goin to past 100 bill let alone the ticket price when it opens and starts
england? just a dream won't come true anymore
HS2 won't be going anywhere near places like Leeds as the governement has cancelled it. Instead, all the HS2 investment will be staying down south..... This is definitely the north/south divide. The governement are a set of hyopcritical bastards!!!
I vote Green Party and the environmental argument for HS2 is not sound. The main reason this went through, is that MPs in the midlands (who expense all their travel costs) like the idea of shorter journeys. Also an excuse to corruptly funnel vast sums of public money to private companies, many of whom were on the brink of insolvency. That it's no longer even connecting North & South after the price doubled, is a farce. In the era of remote working, inflation and increased cost of living, what percentage of the population will be able to afford to travel on HS2? A white elephant in the making. How can it ever be carbon neutral if the majority of our electricity isn't powered by renewables? Also no mention of groundwater contamination for half of London!
Absolutely first class video guys. So well researched, brilliantly produced, very informative, extremely well 'balanced', and such a good overview of a project that this country should, rightly, (and eventually will) be hugely proud of.  Your documentaries are next level. Thank You.
The biggest problem with HS2 is that it doesn't link up with HS1. Who thought that was a good idea!!!!  The value of trains is the number of connections they make, so if you miss out the most important connection possible the net future value is considerably less than it could have been  And not only that but connecting to HS1 could be done by going down the Lea Valley, which is a lot cheaper than digging a tunnel through London.
They should have hired the Swiss, the Germans, the Japanese and the Chinese. Project finished in half the time for a third less of the estimated costs.
Politicians like trains.
19:43 WTF?!!!! They didn't do shit, that budget was calculated with their asses!
Taking down these trees is a horror & project needs to be subterranean. Politically this scheme once again ignores Scotland. Connecting London and Glasgow first would strengthen the Union which would improve public support. Only from there should the rest of England be considered.
Wow 👌  what a production you've produced 👏  thank you for the amount of work research you've done.
Great interviewer. Very precise and to the point. and what a handsome hunk !
HS2 would have more local and regional benefit to people at least in the south of Britain, and beyond, if a few more railway stations were provided along the route such as one more station in northwest London, 1 or 2 stations in Buckinghamshire, and 1 or 2 in Oxfordshire and even a parkway style station in Warwickshire, say near Kenilworth.  But if these extra railway stations were built along the HS2 corridor, there would have to be one passing loop of at least 400m to 500 metres on each side, even 800 metres in length on each side, so that trains decelerating into, calling at, and accelerating out of these extra railway stations will not cause impeding to the high-speed HS2 trains which only call at very few stations.
Sometimes you are so far behind other country's you think you are in first place. One Must create visionary's with a actual long term plan economically to create employment and wealth for your country. Other than a show peace for some political agenda.
Let the Chinese do the job if you want it done!
btw, the curzon street station was not some architects project...the gov showed basically a shed, so the local council wanted better and got their in house team to knock up a design over a couple of days....
I'd say HS2 is quite "misleeding", it costs twice as much for about half the tracks.
So at least Europe has to join he US in the war with OPEC.
"small amounts gathered from millions of us"...  income tax, road tax, sugar tax, value added tax, corporate tax, alcohol and tabacco tax, national insurance, council tax, stamp duty, inheritance tax...
They're treating this just like they did with their BRIXET, bloody Tory's!
I beg to differ this is the worlds most expensive. That title belongs to Seattle, USA, which was conned into a light rail project costing $65-bil for only 40 miles. That’s $1.65bil per mile of track. Beat that suckers!
One issue will be ticket price, looking it up its suggested a London to Manchester ticket will cost UpTo £180-240. That's just insane. Worse case it's £50 petrol for the same car journey. Hopefully hs2 will decongest the roads a little for everyone. I've been on shinkansen and loved it, but it's a v occasional treat at best.
Amazing China 🇨🇳
Not going to deny the engineering feat, but how much time is it going to save London to Birmingham, which is 1hr 20mins now. I live in Coventry which is a stones throw from the new Solihull Interchange, and it's only 1hr to Euston. Rail tickets have become so expensive, it has forced people to take the slower local trains, and we all know HS2 is going to be even more expensive. So who is it for? I'd rather have seen our Freight infrastructure developed again.
Hs2 is ruining the lives of people who toiled to make a home and spent years of investment in making a place of tranquility and paying taxes and investing in a community. It is the same with people who have lived for decades With a green view only to have developers plonk an ugly red brick estate over their back fence because the developers aren’t prepared to put in new villages and towns with the associated infrastructure. It is criminal that committees of uneducated and bigoted councillor’s  and officials have destroyed the character of nearly all every town and village in the country instead of having the vision to create new communities in the vast spaces in between. They are making communities un-policeable by increasing the size . And that tosser Truss is about to make planning laws even more flexible and ruin more lives of folk who have invested lifetimes to create their own paradise. Its not complicated, its criminal. Well done conservatives. You don’t persuade people to better themselves by standing on their necks.
I'd rather we had high speed rail connecting Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds and Newcastle. The only way we are going to ever see a levelling up is if we cut ties with London, create a Northern assembly and we'll look after ourselves.
At least if we burnt the money we'd have some heat this winter
Isn't this cute - "Britain is too small for high speed rail!" "The U.S. is too big for high speed rail!" I say, BALDERDASH! If you build it, they will come.
NEW WORLD ORDER.
Most of the comments seem to use the argument 'well Japan did a HS rail line, and this is awesome so that is proof that we should do it too.'.   If I we can think of a single 1st world country that we should NOT copy, that would be Japan. They are stuck in a doom loop of falling productivity and increasing national debt. Living standards are falling, along with almost every single positive metric, like life expectancy. "But those HS trains are like so cool n' stuff" is the argument that most people are using in this comment section.
HS2 will go down it the history books as one of the key moments when the UK started to go into decline. Empires fail because they loose the ability to spend wisely. The loose their focus on ROI. There is no such thing as overspending or underspending, there is only positive ROI spending and negative ROI spending. And there is little doubt that HS2, along with the other 'mega projects', like Hinkley Point, will turn out to be negative yielding ROI. In other words, value destructive.   That might sound like fine detail, but if a nation is piling up debt to engage in value destructive projects, the end result is inevitable. What is surprising is that so few people understand this.
A lot of money for not much improvement in time saved. Do you really want to get to London 30 minutes faster and if so at what costs?
Sorry waste of money for a tiny island. £100b could be spent on us being energy independent using North Sea gas rather being dependent on other countries
We’re about to have another rescission so will prob be put back on hold
Why use kilometres?  British people are unfamiliar with this measurement. You could easily have converted them to miles...oh, but of course, ten miles doesn't sound as good as sixteen kilometres.  Sorry, I forgot that.
HS2 was a good idea, at the original price. The price we were sold it at. At its current value, its not even remotely worth it. It is a disgusting use of this countries funds.  There is no way in the world the expected value return of this project will reach close to 100bln.
So we all get stung to pay for building it and only a few will actually use it and those that do will get stung to use it. Sounds great lol
Look at history, UK. Has a rail line ever been a bad thing?  It always pays for itself. It always leads to progress and economic stimulation.  Ask questions, limit cost; but to cancel it is short-sighted.  All the people fighting it seemed invested in status quo?  When has status quo served you?
leveling up the north is now leveling up the midlands..fuck the north!
China built a 174 km long high speed rail system with speeds up to 350 km/hr and built 10 stations in a mere 3 years! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrSAMlmEpis The rail system is fully autonomous, 5G networking is ubiquitous throughout the system, and there are voice capable AI robots working the platforms to assist travelers. Why the UK wouldn't get China to help build HS2 makes absolutely no sense.
How about letting private industry pay for rail (and all of the rest of) capacity and let the taxes fund the government. In the past when we set the industrial standards for the entire world, that was the model we followed and it worked.
There is also lots of debate regarding high speed rail here in Sweden at the moment, as the newly elected right-wing government for economic reasons has decided to completely cancel the long since planned high speed rail networks connecting Sweden's three major cities Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö and which would have reduced travel times between these cities by hours. Instead, they say that they want to focus on renewing and building more tracks at the already existing railway lines to lessen the problems of congestion that way. They also want to cancel the building of a new, faster railway line that would have connected towns in the sparsely populated northern Sweden - again for cost reasons.      Personally, I don't really know what to think. The only thing that seems clear is that we are in great need of new tracks and of more tracks, as the current tracks simply are too old and not enough, leading to lots of delays and errors and making travelling by train far too unreliable and expensive at the moment. We also need to replace domestic flights with train travels as much as possible. On the other hand, the planned route for the high speed rail would have destroyed a lot and cut right through beautiful natural areas and hiking trails close to where I live, so in that way I guess it's good that there is a change of plans.
Is this train going to be powered by solar panels and windmills?
I mean there are some wild over simplifications on the funding in this one as well as some genuinely misleading stuff by one of the guests.
Lol controller your power bills first. or uk is doom in just 1 year. And immigrants are getting everything free from your money
Some of the construction gone into this project is amazing and i can say ive been a part of this project
Sadly it will not cover Sheffield. Despite spending huge amount of Tax payers money
Maybe one day we’ll find ourselves watching a video about how successful HS2 actually is, and think back to a video we watched… 20 years ago.
This will be a great project for Birmingham and the wider city region.
They should have gotten the Japanese into do it for them/us. (Not like it would benefit me living in the North West anyway)
Trains don't connect people faster unless it is over a long distance.  Commuting means walking to the station - getting the train to another connection - getting off and walking to the desired platform (or station) - getting off and walking to work.  Self driving cars will obliterate train travel - they are going to offer a better service - with zero commuting (as in no walking anywhere).     Ploughing billions into this is a disgrace!
Sometimes these environmentalists can be so dumb. A rail line is so much better than an airport or a 6 lane highway. Worried about endangered birds? Ummm the alternatives will kill more. What would you rather have? All they know is to stop progress but won't provide an alternative solution.
It's funny how most anti hs2 whiners complain about cost then completely skip over the fact that people complaining has driven up the cost of the project by over £20bn.  I mean if they really hated wasted money they must hate the people who wasted all that money complaining, £20bn for literally nothing
I hope that one day my government, in Australia, sees the sense in HSR. It is a no brainer IMHO. Connecting regions, decentralising population, making rail travel an affordable choice, tourism....the pros far outweigh the cons. We have far more voices poo-pooing the idea than ever. "Costs too much" they whinge...if the HSR network had been constricted when first mooted in the 1980's it would've been half the realistic present estimate of cost. Governments sitting on their hands only increases cost and leaves low socioeconomic people, regions and business behind.
90% of all politicians are in gov't for their cut and could care less about the societal expense.
One of the major things that turns the public against these ideas is , the FACT they are never on budget they spiral into over costs, and they are never built on time , and to top it all off they are NEVER AFFORDABLE  after all is said and done. Meanwhile  the rest of us are driving on roads that are full of potholes and on smart motorways that are not smart , and then being told that where we live is going to be a clean air zone , so tough shit if your car does not meet that standard, because we will charge you daily to live and drive to your house or place of work . AND as someone from Manchester I can say that , this entire scheme is never going to live up to its promise for the northern part of the country , as others have said in the comments they should have started building in the north first because our transport system is ancient and unreliable . AT LEAST THEN  our infrastructure would have been updated before the government pulls the plug, and the only bit of this program that gets completed WILL BE  the  southern part of the project. LIKE USUAL , ALL THE MONEY IS SPENT IN THE SOUTH .
3:28 225 mph, ça fait combien en vraies unités ?
It most definitely is if start say Leeds or Manchester
England is such a tiny country, yet so difficult to travel through.
And howuch is a ticket London to bham gonna cost 400 quid each way 🤣
Should have contracted Elon Musk and his "Boring Company" it could and should be totally under ground. At 10 M a mile it would have been much less expensive.
It’s about time GB did this type of project. Plus if London goes underwater in 80 years due to climate change a new capital city is only a train ride away
So UK is just buidling what spain, france, germany etc have since decades
Standard return London-Manchester for Monday 3rd October : £369.40. Lots of headline prices around £26 on websites, but all one way, far in advance, off-peak etc, the usual garbage with these cheap fare quotes, as in other forms of transport like air. Now what do you think the same fare will be on HS2, at todays prices? My guess: £600. Fortunately there won't be many trains per day, so a few chief executives, bankers, and media correspondents will be able to use it, with no worry about the cost of the fare. Concorde was an amazing technical achievement, cut the journey time between 2 major financial centres by a significant amount, enough to make the journey completely different, but was only ever affordable by such a small clique that it didn't revolutionise anything other than enabling David Frost to make TV programmes in both London and New York. There will be no economic benefit from HS2, and those people in the north who take umbrage at the prospect of cancellation are just treating it as a vanity project - imagine what Leeds could do with £100bn if it had a choice - like have enough hospitals, a decent metro system, mend their roads, all the stuff that they can't afford because central government has to cap local spending - to fund this sort of fiasco.
Lunatics in charge ........billions to knock 15 minutes off Birmingham to London . 🤯
Sounds like it was dreamed up by the chinese...  Good luck.
"the biggest failure of HS2 imo is starting it in London and working north, rather than starting in the north and working south"  yeah pretty sure people wont be then complaining "the passengers are much fewer than railways in london it is a BIG waste of money !!!"
Sounds like a great investment in the future of your country. Good to do it now before it gets more expensive. Your grandchildren will thank you for it.
100B. That's some serious money  💰  washing
People just need to calm their opinions and stay united.
All this to cut 20 mins off a train ride... that's a hard sell and many will say political insanity, esp since most people will be working from home in 10 years.
the problem is that you nevervsaw pro  hs2 marches.
The problem has always been nobody wants to spend the money but to get a decent infrastructure it has to be done. Our rail system is so out of date, our routes are too tight and twisty because we'd rather cram everything onto the roads. We now face huge bills for sorting it all out due to lack of investment, a thing this country does best and why we lost all our own industry having us now servants of other countries. This country stood still letting all others overtake us and now were just a glorified bank. Something obviously needs doing or we just have gridlock on the roads and massive polution.
Phase 2B there casually skipping past the 4th biggest city in the country
I’ve been waiting for the B1 M to do a full program on HS2 and I’m not disappointed this was great thank you
Why cannot the planners of these large public works, like the MOD, not provide realistic budgets from the get-go and bring projects in on budget and on schedule? 100Billion+ or £1000 per head of the UK population, man and boy, to save 20 minutes on a not too long journey from London to the Midlands which 95% of the population will never ever use.
I wonder how HS2 will benefit Wales which is relatively poor and poorly served by transport links [only one substantial motorway, the M4] compared to the relatively wealthy English Midlands? It won’t of course. It isn’t even going ‘North’.  It’s only ‘North’ to those that live in London. Birmingham and even Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds is ‘The Midlands’ to everyone who actually knows their geography. ‘The North’ is almost as neglected by ‘London’ as Wales but at least Wales has its own devolved Assembly, for all the good it does [none]. The Assembly cannot even decide to improve the Brynglâs Tunnel bottleneck on the M4.
Because Asian countries have hi speed rail the West feels inferior without it. But who needs it? A huge country like....Britain? Absurd. Now with work at home and computer and Video interaction...who the hell needs to travel at such a panic? California also stupidly went Hi Speed Rail and it's bogged down. No one know when or how it will finish and the price is not known to anyone. Such a waste. All this needless crap is surely great for the environment too. To hell with Nature.
Could you imagine if instead of wasting money on this shite they invested in coverting our country to electric vehicles and clean energy programs.  But unfortunately that wouldn't prioritize London so will never happen.
Britain: We're building an amazing piece of infrastructure! China: Hold my beer.
Scrap it save 30 minutes on a 3hr journey
HS1 isn't even finished.
so much for "inventor of railways"
We are the extinction level Events- 🦖  Excellent Commentary and Video Production.
Well, it'll be a very fast line from London to somewhere anyway ;p
Nothing green to see here.  Can't even haul freight, DOA.   Idiots... the derailments will be interesting.
I don’t understand environmentalists. They moan about the pollution from cars and advocate the use of public transport. But when someone tries to actually do something along those lines, they’re bitching about it. What are they expecting? The West Coast Mainline is a shadow of what it should be and can’t cope with the traffic it gets, so where exactly are these extra trains going to run?  Of all the bullshit ideas that have been thrown about, such as smart motorways, electric cars, light rail and so on, the train has been regularly overlooked as the solution. It’s fast, capable of hauling many people (or things) at speed in the most environmentally sensitive way. Putting these new trains in will reduce air and road traffic at a stroke, meaning less traffic congestion and less pollution. But to achieve this, the infrastructure needs some serious work, work that has been put off pretty much since Dr. Beeching did a hatchet job on the network in the mid sixties.  I’m not a train buff, but I can see that this ancient design is still far more fit for purpose than anything else we have now, or have proposed.
I like trains  🚂
There's so many ongoing disasters in the UK I forgot about this one.
Thomas the high speed rail train was delayed again and again and again
Great reporting and unbiased
Acutally the King retain pracical power in UK thanks to his signature and his KC that direct both parliament and gouvernement rules. Adding that the high chamber are unelected people. Plus the bipartisan regime means there are no real official  oppositions to some key topics. And that is not even taking into account the vote of people outside England... Lots of things to say.
I worked on the Mercury Energy tunnel in Auckland, after the 1997 power outage that stopped the city dead,they decided to take the power lines deep underground.  All volcanic rock to cut through,9 kilometres long,was finished in 2000,after 6 months of the usual council haggling,2.5 years later,it was opened.  Loved working on that project.
I wish we had trains like that in germany. The journey takes you as long as it does with a car when taking the train here, just with more stress cause the trains are always late🫡
Stop whinging! Come to Australia. We are still in the early 20th century.
As someone who lives in the West country.  This project has no benefit to me WHAT SO EVER!  how about try updating the A303 like the government said that they would when David Cameron was in power.
Very interesting, thanks - I have resubscribed!  The difficulty wih HS2 (apart from the obvious) is that it doesn't really do much for the north (and little or nothing for the far north and Scotland).  A cynic might argue that all it does is extend the 'south' to Birmingham, thus 'just' widening the area of that well-off part, without really making much difference at all to the rest of the Midlands, and certainly not 'levelling up' anywhere north of Birmingham.  The cost and disruption of HS2 may be argued to be worth it, but only if it truly benefited places like Manchester and Leeds.  With that benefit now gone, and the double-whammy of the Norther Rail improvements also shelved, it's hard to justisfy the little stump of HS2 that will actually be built - especially with no link with HS1 (personally, I still can't get my head round that particular bit of stupidity).  We should have bitten the bullet and done the whole thing - properly - or not bothered with it at all.  And just imagine how much impact spending that amount of money on improving the existing rail infrastructure  would have had!  (It's such an enormous amount of money that it's effetively impossible to imagine - a London and the SE level of train services across the North, and change left over!)
am i getting this right. they are spending billions of pounds so someone can get from Birmingham to London 37 minutes earlier?
if you could describe it in a single word what would it be? proceeds to say 2 words...
How can we run a whole new train route if half the trains seem to be cancelled these days
Oh it can do this that and whatever ..just get it done already :/ truth ??? for rich twats 50 years from now when blighty is a tax haven for dumb rich offspring
Rail links like this increase some real estate values astronomically. If these increases were taxed, it would finance the project.
At 30:30 where Mr Glaistor quips that there is a problem "whereby governments get committed to a controversial idea, and because it's controversial they make firm promises. And then if it turns out on further investigation not to be such a good idea, they defend the idea, rather than being able to review it." Haven't the past two years demonstrated that!
I’m all for a high speed railway in the UK. But the fact is no one in the north will be able to afford to use it on a regular basis. It can cost £200 to go to London on the east coast mainline now. Imagine what this would cost to commute every day.
Let's be real, the main reason the budget keeps rising is that the salaries of the people that are employed are very high to begin with. And of course, Brexit didn't make anything better while the Pound is taking a dive on the international scene. I still can't wrap my head around how a rail project can be 10x more expensive than the Burj Khalifa, but if you read the wages of the construction managers and union workers, you understand why.
Okay so the part about lowering housing costs made me laugh places like Slough saw a double in property value over a year from when this was announced because instead of a 25 min train plus underground (50 mins) hs2 will do that in 7 mins. Suddenly slough could become central London. All this will do is jack up the prices of half the UK as they suddenly become desirable.
More privatised bullshit. It will cost hundreds to go from London to up north like it does now, trains won't be on time or be totally cancelled, it's all very well having fast trains but if most are delayed or cancelled then it kind makes the whole thing pointless.
HS2 the BIGGEST waste of money EVER..
HS2 👜💩
typical Britain fuckin up things like usual. instead of spending on better health care which is completely shit now, it wants to build a fast train they cant even give a half decent name. tragic wankers that rape the tax payers wallets to pay for this shit.
If we listened to the public there would be nothing built, all the money would go for benefits and those who just waste it. There should be more projects like this!
I wonder if Brunel had same problem? If it had have been cancelled where would we be today"
Who the f wants to go to Birmingham ?
it will be okay for the rich the poor will never be able to afford a ticket
Who needs an expensive railway which will bankrupt the UK.....?, not I.   Petrol is my friend and the best way to go.
They are building it up the road from me and the level of inactivity is shocking. It took them 2 years to put in a 5m traffic island and the road surface is already failing. I work in quarries and it was pretty amazing to hear they didn't test the ground before proceeding. Commercial quarries would not be approved if this hadn't been done. Also, from what I have seen of their ground preparations, they will have subsidence/ ground slippage problems in the future.
All in all it is the "London extension Railway". Nothing to do with the rest of the country, it is all about helping London.
If the HS2 is  not getting much support is because you have many people, apart of the environment people who I respect their ideas, who live in villages and they dont have any idea of the "external" world and they area against everything that alter their "tranquillity world"  as they are selfish and don't assimilate the concept of "good for the community or nation".
I just two is the most expensive time people are not going to go on HS2 but it costs too much for the tickets and then that one from Andy Street is going to cost too much and it's going to cost too much for people to know I was going to listen to Andy stroke cause it cost too much money is the most expensive train on them and it's making people will not spend money on and HS2 it's a white elephant even everyone knows that cos it's too much money they got in the process of building the expensive trying to people and not going to go on HS2 cos it's a white elephant and people going not going to pay for the tickets people have lost her and you could have HS2 and why do you think people don't believe what the other conservative government say I was going to stand in the middle of the airport to stop it is that stopping at standing in the middle of the airport to protect is there a sun in middle of a runway of the airport Boris Johnson was and why would anyone want to do that ex-prime Minister in Mac and he was making the most expensive train one expensive HS2 white elephant and I'm going to pay for that it's too expensive and people have lost her and you could have her chest to have a piece of paper to the government to the government explained I should explain why should people lose their homes and will lose my life because of it and it's a bad thing to do is a bad thing to do from Catherine Marie Suzanne Carrington the bad thing by the conservative government is bad anything moral Andy Smillie wrong for the British government to do that literacies government it's wrong and taking away everything wrong from the British Public about HS2 which most expensive railway and it's Prezzos a bit inbuilt what should I won't believe the conservative government it's unfair and people lost homes I've lost their homes that give up their homes for that stupid train hi kids 22 expensive to run on railways from Catherine Marie Premier Inn Carrington Carrington site slowly Catherine Catherine Morrison it's only Catherine Marie Susan Carrington Carrington Carrington Catherine and Carrington
Why does it not leave from St Pancras and therefore connect to the Eurostar? Do people from Manchester don't need to travel to Paris? Is this still the old-fashioned thinking under which London is the center of the universe? We are far more decentralized today.
Public infrastructure always costs 3 times more than its estimate. The 32bn approved in 2012 was understood to cost 100bn by this armchair economist.
cant stand in the way of progress x finish it
The UK is tired, failing former power. The population are lazy, apathetic and obsessed with taking measures to stop critical developments such as airport runways or train lines, feeding into that rapid economic decline. Killing or adding to the costs of developments such as HS2 is killing progress and fast-tracking the collapse of the UK's prosperity.
A reminder carbon and co2 are 2 entirely different elements. I recon it's a complete waste of money?
“Euston, we’ve had a problem.”
It's all about London.
If the UK govt is smart, as I wana believe they can be, never stop building that railway.   Building it to the end. It will make sense. Today's world is about populations complaining and people looking for people to blame for this or that, every single day!  I'd say, build the train. Build it even to Aberdeen and Dundee. And cross the ocean into Belfast. Also a line to Cardiff and Swansea.
An utter and complete waste of money. Bad for the environment, aesthetics, and the exchequer.
Barely mentioned is the wider network effects of taking the capacity off the existing lines. Vast swathes of the network are bottlenecked by time slots the West Coast Mainline. Removing intercity traffic frees up slots, removing intercity traffic entirely reduces headways and creates more slots.
I think that one of the main reasons so many people hate this project is because of the utter ineptitude shown by the politicians connected with it.
They'll all be arguing and cursing about ticket prices when it's completed.
When ever a government spends funds for benefits that the poor or middle class might benefit from will always be opposed by the rich and those they can sway.
In Italy we already have a fast train network and actually is possible to reach Rome from Milan in 3h via Bologna and Florence. Anyway except for tourism and businessman is completely useless for normal people who needs to travel fast to work because is too expensive, for the same ride a single ticket or a monthly train pass can cost 3 or 4 times the average price for a normal train.  In conclusion, is a good investment for a country but they lie when they say it will give exceptional economic growth.
Boris and Liz Truss have made a major effort to keep us on a path to nuclear war so there is an even chance that every man, woman and child in the UK will be dead one year from now.  There would be no one left to build it.
China has built thousands of kilometers of high speed rail in the last decade and the UK won't even build this short line for another decade.  It is shocking that the UK is so slow compared to China. This is  chickenshit compared to what China is doing.  This project would be a lot cheaper and faster if it was less woke.
thing is though that going from Birmingham to London will still take a similar amount of time once you factor in the tube and other transport so actually cutting the intercity train time has such a negligible difference. Until we see HS2 connect the north east and west there will be no real impact except that all of our train fares will probably go up and we will see a major loss in Birmingham city centre as more people head to London to shop and go out.
for me living at the edge of the Durham dales. we don't have a train line anywhere near us. we could go to Durham a car ride of 35mins then pay to park for the day, to catch a train.... but they cost to much to use so iv not caught a train in well over 10yrs and only that time because i had to. If it was purely for a trip to another place like some do daily iv done that about 3 times well over 20yrs ago... its just to expensive to use trains in the uk!... the uk government only focuses on the south/southeast.  the rest of the country doesn't exist.
California HSR is a failure and will continue as such.  If HS2 can’t be a success then how can be HSR?
Humans are so funny. The ones being canceled and not getting the rail way are complaining and fussing about not getting it and the ones that are getting the railroad are protesting and complaining they don't want it. The human condition lol
In the US, we have a 'public infrastructure work' started in 1925 w/a full price still yet to be fully established (along w/a purpose/function) & some $20B already spent, & many more $Billions to go. Folks in the UK, temper your frustration over high speed rail! You could have some yokels theft a people's land & gain government approval to dynamite faces into their landscape...(?) The 'Shrine to Democracy' — aka, Mt. Rushmore — however, still requires funding to secure the land where it is to be built...the land theft initially planned into the project... that wasn't quite so acceptable back then & is really quite offensive today...(?) Whoops! ...At least it still inspires Democracy in all those who look upon it. That's a benefit to the public...not as good as high speed rail...but it's a ~benefit...
every mega project will have detractors esp environmentalists who still insist on lower carbon means of transport but still fight the infrastructure that will support this goals !  Wish they started from leeds since it's always the small guy who gets screwed when such projects are scaled back, they would have no choice but to complete it to London !
I still think strengthening local & regional lines would have been a lot helpful. I do understand maany would choose to live in the places through which HS2 would pass instead of London and thereby decongesting London. A bit 51-49 for me  against HS2. And oddly many comments are about Shikansen.
If proximity to the capital was important for prosperity Tower Hamlets wouldn't be as poor as it is.
If you take the high speed trains in France or in Spain, the result are significantly positive for the economies of those countries. The case of high speed trains in China is a different story as they build high speed lines to locations who did not support the high speed trains traffic volume creating a phenomenal debt of about one trillion dollar for line that they are too unused to sustain profit and now are closing.
it will be worth it for the rich southerners who will come up north buying our houses pushing up prices and makeing us homeless
We need to be committing to build more of the line not less - it should go to the north east and to Scotland and create a real benefit. If we can throw 150bn at subsidising energy with no prospect of a return over just two years then we can afford billions on connecting the true extremities of the country which will guarantee economic benefits over generations.
Another biased commentry from B1M, waxes lyrical about any other foreign infrastructure project yet anything get built in the UK wheels out the Nimbys but doesnt ask what their ulterior motives are for spinning misinformation.
Snide biased comment about it costs £1000 per person but only a few people will benefit, what no one benefits with roads, railways, airports, sewers, water supply etc etc?! The government prints the money that it borrows, its not literally taxing everyone £1000, its a build programme over 20 years long and will be funded by the economic growth that it will create.  Ultimately HS2 is being built because the main East and West trunk lines are at capacity, freight on rail has been growing and the UK is unusual in having freight and passenger servivces sharing the same lines, having that at capacity IS a blackage to economic growth to any city or town along the East and West coast trunk lines, that is the majority of the UK population. No doubt the politician with the snide comments has a friend working in the airline or road building industries.
I can't hear Boris speak without thinking of Stewie from Family Guy
In my simple opinion if the key benefit was extra capacity then that ought to have been the focus.   Rather than building something capable of nearly 200mph just make it capable of 150mph - the cost savings would have been immense and/or it’d actually get to the North and on to Scotland.
I really really don't see how anyone could possibly be opposed to something like this. It's absolutely amazing! Yes it's awfully expensive, but in the long run it will generate way more wealth.   People today only think about what benefits them in the short term, not in the long term. A bit like monkeys do.
2041 are you Fing kidding me by then musk will have us on MARS 🤣🤣🤣......
HS2 is just another vanity project to boost London's economy. I could believe it was actually supposed to 'connect the north' if they STARTED by building the northern section of it. But I guarantee they'll build the southern section and then cancel it, leaving us with nothing
I find it funny how train infrastructure projects always need to defend its environmental impact and also compensate for it, meanwhile car-centric infrastructure projects never do that.
To say that we voted for this is utter nonsense.  As a so called democracy all we get is a vote on who becomes PM and NOTHING else, so not really a democracy at all!
Brain-dead hippies. That's the 'opposition'. They should be ignored.
Thanks to this video, I re-visited the video Jonathan Pie did on HS2 in 2019. Needed a laugh.
An alternate paradigm could have been to build major international airports at Birmingham and Edinburgh and the HS2 can come in tandem or later.
This thing will never run at 225mph and it will be ridiculously expensive
Again, great video, very informative. Love it
£100 billion pounds divided over 75 million, £1333. Split over 20 years, £76~, split over the months, £12 quid hereabouts, of course due to the progressive taxation the UK has, most of this will come from the better off and the sale of luxury goods. Considering that this will last 200 odd years and will be useful for future construction projects, I think that is a good deal.   It would have been cheaper and faster without bat tunnels, massive forests, enormous tunnels to avoid other forests though.
Oh. The old "Sustainable Economic Growth" bollox.
I don't buy any of the cost estimates presented in this video. HS2 is going to cost hundreds of billions to complete. The benefit required to make that kind of investment reasonable is simply not possible. High speed rail will not drive anything like the economic benefit mentioned here, especially given that mature rail infrastructure already exists and the distances we're taking about are simply not that large. Lastly, commuting is itself becoming less necessary by the day due to internet connectivity. This video is unsurprisingly very vague about these purported benefits... because they simply don't exist.  Also, people keep bringing up the Shinkansen. First, modern Britain is not a devastated Japan coming out of WW2. Japan has very different geography and did not have anything like the rail infrastructure in place that Britain does today. Secondly, the benefits to Japan were largely realized decades ago and are fading in the modern world. It's a pointless comparison.
travelling by rail in the UK is a nightmare if you are used to  swedish train service 1st time i travelled from york  to london i was like WTF  i mean even spain that isnt  that rich has  a better rail service travelled from madrid to zaragoza in the  AVE
As a regular TGV user in France (especially the Paris - Bordeaux Line) there are no doubt real benefits with high speed rail.  But geographically France is a much bigger country and while having a comparable population to that of the UK, France is less dense and less urbanized.  The UK is just way too densely populated to have HS2 deliver a true high speed experience.  As population centers in the UK tend to be closer to one another than say France, trains are less likely able to achieve top speeds as they will need to frequently slow down as they go through busy areas.  If I were a UK citizen, I would have liked my government to invest in improving existing rail corridors instead.
Always make a statement.The benefits.There is no benefit in saving one hour.Most business today is done on the web.And big business is done on arranged meeting over a few days.The truth is this.They come up with reasons to use tax payers money.in a way to benefit freinds,Gain favors.So as to not have money to do items that are realy needed.How about housing.?.Public transport in other than london.?Do you notice.Theres that statement.Benefit to growth.But never say why it will benefit in saving a few minutes here and there in and out of london.They are laughing at us.
How does that take pressure off the housing crisis? It just makes housing near HS2 stations as expensive as in London. I used to live in West Didsbury in Manchester at a time when the only way to get into the City was by bus, I had a studio flat that was £325.00 pcm, I moved out the year before they opened the tram station there but when I checked the rent price for the same flat I was in it had gone up to £775 pcm 2 years later.
What would have been better was the standard trains but more of them and less expensive.  Yuppie trains are for the yuppies not the rest of us.  And tickets sold at the ticket office or if bought online then same price as at the ticket office  and the first in the queue gets the first seats.
The fact that Wales has to pay millions for a railway that won’t enter our borders is appalling!
Smalence - Something trying to look balanced while being beholden to a side.  The B1M normally is on the side of developers and their content clearly look to be expensive PR jobs for companies who look to make their work look utopian, just because they have planted a few trees around the coffee shop.
Some probably think England consists only of London. At least economically. But relying only on banks and leaving the EU could be a dead end.
1 hour 21 mins but needing to spend 2 hours in a car to get to the nearest station that hs2 would stop at liar
who is the pm and no we the people of the uk dont get a say its 15 year olds and people who are not uk resdent too who get to say the witch truss became our abuser
45 mins well if you stop nowhere from London to Birmingham you do it in the same time liars and no billions of taxpayers money spent carbon free you liar it's far more carbon intensive as more speed equals more resistance to that speed its physics you counts
Very nice project, but it should be extended and liaised with European Railways' Network.
what like brexit meant to been more economic growth  and all things like that ? REALLY !!!   to me all its brought is disaster ( BIG TIME !! )  when it happens  those poor poor peaple who loved there homes  and all because  bull shit the conservative!
Keep Calm & Duct Tape Dissenting Mouths.
I'd like to know how many passengers this train line will be able to take once it is operational and what the fare will be. Does anyone know ?
So basically it's a video about sunk cost fallacy
And how much will a peak return be? £170+? It's all well and good having a high speed train but if people can't afford to use it then they will drive or work locally.
A project like this should be switch in high gear
No worry about Leeds on the line!
I think megaprojects are generally bad ideas. Most seem to fall far short of their vision, and cost far more than the original pitch. Mostly it seems that megaprojects are ways to funnel money to party-affiliated businesses.
I live in the borough of Camden, home to Euston and the first stretch of HS2 tracks/ tunnels. The local area has been majorly effected by these works. Part of Camden Market knocked down, Adelaide road lined with works that have been going on for 2 years creating a lot of traffic and diversions along what is an important connecting road between West and East Camden. That’s not to mention the works in and around Euston itself. I’m not totally against HS2 and I’m sure it will have many benefits, but it’s effect in my local area has been very large and frustrating to deal with at times.
japan has similar ongoing project with similar problems. in japan they go through mountain(s). expenses rise. a challenging engineering project.
Digital miner 👈☝️
Anyone reading.... You owe it yourself to do all the things you've dreamed. take that risk step to become financial stable in this economy situation, I strongly recommend Mr Johnson  his trading strategies and analysis are second to none, thanks for your help on my family sir much love.
Is the anthropogenic contribution to climate change distinguishable from the noise in the data?  No. Unfortunately not. The sun and the moon and the planets drive the climate. Carbon-dioxide is only a trace gas. In the not to distant future the earth will begin to return to and ice age state and no amount of CO2 released by us will make a jot of difference to it.
Men wanting to build and create and women winging and complaining - nothing has ever changed.
So what I get from this is the initial cost estimate was a guess. Well done guys
19:14 to be or not to be?      taht is the queshtion
Just sit back and think for a moment, try to think of one success for the people while under the leadership of David Cameron. Now do the same for Boris Johnson, oh and that other Prime Minister, what's her name. Everything that was forced on the Taxpayer was to make money for a certain few and it is still happening today and will go on happening if we do not stop voting in the top four political parties. We in Britain need a new approach to Government, we need to purge the parasite.
worth it when It is done. Just don't cry so much that the Government uses this to Privatize it , the benefits is Publicly own if It goes Private the cost to use will go way Up after complete
If I understand correctly, the line will start in London, go halfway up the country, where you have to take a normal (slow) train to go further. So basically, the north gets almost zero benefit from this insanely expensive venture, right?
You described it as one of the biggest construction projects and some of the fastest trains in the world. Who does your research? Maybe they should meet Mr Google and actually report some facts?
Who sponsors for your shiny videos?
The people who have to deal with the construction get no benefit and no connection to the like that aids them ,all they have given us is a stretch of pavement and a bus shelter for a service that doesn’t connect to us, in return they have decimated the old airfield and made travel incredibly hard
21min 34sec    Did anyone else suffer "temporary blindness"
If we listened to the public whinging about the cost of every infrastructure project we'd still be living in the Victorian age. The impact and benefit of these projects is usually felt years after when a better perspective is available rather than judging now.  Considering the current Truss Govt have just pulled £170bn out their arse to hand to energy companies to keep their profits up for the next 2 years to keep energy bills at current levels, a massive generational investment like HS2 looks like a steal at around £75-85bn.   The UK rail infrastructure can't keep relying on 30-40 year old rolling stock.
It's expensive enough to travel by train in the UK as it is.
I always find these type of programmes frustrating as they don’t delve into the details and include talking heads who really don’t say very much that is useful. As a result you can’t really have a meaningful view of the project. On the question of whether the project will continue if costs continue to escalate it seems extremely unlikely that the government would pull the plug unless something utterly astonishing were to happen. I’m not sure for projects of this type that are financed by the public sector whether any detailed business case is presented with meaningful estimates, assumptions & risks and whether there is any expectation of a payback period. It would be interesting how HS1 progressed as a project and whether a post implementation review was conducted. Anyway by 2029 it seems we are going to end up with a new line for passenger traffic only between London Euston (New terminus with 10 platforms) & Birmingham Curzon St with stops at Old Oak Common & Solihull Interchange and with trains running up to 225mph.  I have a number of questions / assumptions (some of which can’t be answered at present) : Is Curzon St a terminus with no further travel possible to (say) New St ? If so is there a tram line to get passengers to other parts of the city ?  If I was travelling from London to (e.g.) Wolverhampton would I change at Solihull Interchange or should I just go on the slow train from London using the existing line ?  For the new line to attract customers what will be the cost of tickets in relation to existing service? Who are the types of customers they are looking to attract ? Commuters (amongst others) ?   No doubt the franchise will be run by a private rail company or will there be more than one operator ?  Are existing trains capable of reaching speeds of 225mph ?  What is the likely maximum number of carriages they going to have ?  In terms of freeing up capacity on the existing West Coast mainline this only will be of benefit from Rugby (where Birmingham trains branch off via Coventry) to Euston section and presumes the existing London to Birmingham service is reduced (how bust is it just now ?). The programme indicated there was minimal scope for adding further services on the mainline as things currently stand. This appears to be one of the big selling points and needs to be clarified.  In terms of economic benefits, the regeneration of the area around Curzon St will obviously boost that local area but where specifically are the expected economic benefits to come from ? It’s not as though  there were no existing links between the two cities. The reference to helping reduce the house prices / housing crisis seems ludicrous.  In terms of environmental benefits there was no reference to the (negative) impact of the construction and no detail on how operationally the line will be decarbonised. Are we going to see domestic commercial flights scrapped between the two cities (as France has done on domestic rules).  Will there be a push for more freight to go by rail (if capacity is available) ?  Having some further details on the above (plus I’m sure others could think of a lot more areas to question) might at least give people some means of seeing whether this is a worthwhile project or a white elephant.
So what you trying to say is that  in stead of war  in europe will be new covidshow? Or it is depending on protest activities
So these trains are actually as fast as they promised? I thought the speed limit desired got denied?
One thing you never see is scrutiny over the budget ! Building new infrastructure is not this issue, the blatant skimming of public funds are the issue!
A lot of the arguments against are non-sensical and offer no solution they are just opposition for the sake of it.   Environmentalists - alternative to these journeys are they are never made (loss of economic activity particularly affecting the north) or they are made in personal cars (bad for environment) that take a lot longer on already overcrowded motorways. Or in some rare cases domestic flights which are even worse for environment. Yet they offer no solution.   If we acted like we do now for the last 200 years we wouldn’t have the Underground or many of the infrastructure we have now like Mersey Tunnels, Glasgow underground and more.   Get on with it and let’s reap the benefits earlier rather than later.
A lot of the arguments against are non-sensical and offer no solution they are just opposition for the sake of it.   Environmentalists - alternative to these journeys are they are never made (loss of economic activity particularly affecting the north) or they are made in personal cars (bad for environment) that take a lot longer on already overcrowded motorways. Or in some rare cases domestic flights which are even worse for environment. Yet they offer no solution.   If we acted like we do now for the last 200 years we wouldn’t have the Underground or many of the infrastructure we have now like Mersey Tunnels, Glasgow underground and more.   Get on with it and let’s reap the benefits earlier rather than later.
this is old technology, japan's lines was done many years ago.hs2 is many years away from being finished. by the time they finished it will be considered slow in my opinion.
Just get elon over there with his rocket tech boring machines , he is so fast and cheap , just look at his hyper loop and las vegas taxi high speed tunnel system ... best in the world it is ... he said so ..
HS2 is a great project no matter how much it costs… in a recession it is good for governments to build civil infrastructure to create jobs. The benefits are endless. Losing a few forests is irrelevant
Japan is the best template for UK to follow, given the distances and urban areas being connected.  If I'm not mistaken, Japan began with a Tokyo to Nagoya to Osaka line, the three major cities.  Commitments to  the public have already been made, and should be honored.
The fracking ban got lifted and will greatly impact the further construction of HS2
this is the uk. the ticket cost will be astronomical so ordinary people will still just take the slighter slower trains. this train is a vanity project with little to no economic positive impact. and we ruin the countryside as a result. great.   if this train was free or cheap it might make a difference but it won't be and so nothing changes. public pays and rich benefit. good job
I thought they'd scrapped it?
Still don't understand the economic argument for high speed.The sunk cost are enormous and never recovered. Most passenger service is subsidized benefit for a small population.
One thing is for sure is that HS2 is going to increase house prices to unaffordable levels as people travel or move out of London. If you don't own a house by the time this completes you probably never will
Excellent impartial reporting on this amazing, yet divisive project we all will benefit from eventually.  One wonders what the cost figure would be I we purchased 8 TBMs to construct the entire line underground, leaving almost everything intact on the surface with the exception of stations. Yes the project would take longer. However the people, their property, access to public footpaths, parks, and the environment would remain as is. The new network would come online about the time the rise in population requires a new higher capacity network.   Investing in massive infrastructure projects is never easy. Particularly when they seem unnecessary at the time. In future we will look back on the project favorably having invested less than half of the cost same project would cost in say 2050; while enjoying the benefits of the finished network.
Why are people always so stoked about high speeds? Concret can travel at 30 or 120 kmph, it doesnt matter.   Edit: is saw nor, that it is only for people. I think we should invest more in trains and less in cars.
A near snip in comparison to the amount of capital that is ivested in Space Exploration evan by Great Britain 😎😎😎
Can't wait for a single ticket to cost hundreds of pounds to recoup the absurd cost of the project.
Uk is on hard time and its sole reason is unfortunately governmental insufficiency. İts not about solely money or resources but determining and practically using what you have. This is governing good, efficiently. Uk is a wealthy country but because of bad rule bad governing bad leading of countries human, natural and economic resources it keeps on going a fast decline 😪
And what about us in the west!? You better not use my bloody money for something that will not impact me the slightest!!
Train goes to only one place, car can go individually when ever where ever and only where the occupants need. Giving public transport key role in whole of Europe is massive wrong footing. Surely mine is not common opinion between the loudest folks.
How can it go so fast with so low distance between the cities? Trains will be fully electric?
The 401 highway north of Toronto was built in the 1940s when the city's population wasn't even a million people.  Now roughly 70 years later it is the busiest highway corridor in North America.  As a teen living in Dublin it took almost 90 minutes to get from my folks house to the airport, now it's under 30 minutes.  We may not all agree on where it's built and when but there are reasons.  The longer we wait, the longer it takes, the more costly it gets.
These B1M construction clips are getting more detailed and more professional. Great work!   While we all understand a bit about the political, economic and social impact of this giant projects, I personally think it should have more focus on the technical tricks, ingenuity and tech challenges of these projects, rather than the political issues around them.
Same in Austria, we have enough rail projects over budget and hve even higher cost per capita than HS2 and nobody is complaining, as we are futureproofing the transport sector. Onpy rhing that comes to mind is the state of art technology catching up too fast as HS2 takes for ever to be finished.
TSR 2?
People said, 1) Waste of money 2) Start building at leeds or the second and third phases will get cancelled. 3) Will only benefit the few who cab Skype instead of travelling. 4) Dose not save much time.
During the same 20 year build time we would of spent 220 billion pounds on foreign aid
Government is required to pass a lot of money to the rich, HS2 is another example of this, vaccines another, war s are another....... The powerful know that the British population will always take it up the ars*: too weak to fight anything, too comfortable, too addicted, too dumbed down, too atomised.
Problem with Britain, and I am British, is that people will campaign on the Monday to have something stopped and then complain on Friday that they don't have anything.
English vanity project sooner Scotland get the fuck out of this union the better  wish you English would  start you're own independence  moveement  as were such drain on the UK economy
The trouble is that it will take too long. For that reason the British think it's a waste of time and money when it's the best thing to spend it on. Creates jobs and is a huge investment for the future.
$100 million for a study of 70 miles. How is any of this feasible when it’s $100 million to study???? I’m calling bullshit.
my issue is they are using uk tax money for this while only benefiting England other 3 nations are paying for it and getting nothing out of it, no lines leave england and they most likely never will because its " to expensive" but thanks for paying for it just getting shafted as normal.
Cool project, but does the narrator need to pause so much when he speaks. it sounds so unnatural.
29:57 - from Bucharest, Romania, Unirii subway station, in the time of glass ceiling replacement. Pretty big labyrinth, in a pretty big subterranean concrete structure that keeps a river course, a subterranean auto passage and 3 subway lines. Much more concrete than were used at the Parliament building (the biggest in Europe).
It is an absolute joke that such a small country as the UK is spending so much on this. Stations are often so close to each other anyway. Just don't have stops at every station quite so much and then the journey will be quicker.
the costs is nothing compared to the benefits, there isnt nearly as much scrutiny on military budgets or arms dealing
Isaac Newton said, "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction." HS2 proves that law. Excellent video.
Stop focusing on the low reduction in travel time so much and start focusing on the fact that it's right. We do need new railway lines. Anyone who has frequently travelled on our geriatric rail network knows just how many delays you can expect due to the crapped out and over-stressed infrastructure.
Putting comparative values on the spending can be useful to get a feel for the size of the spending... as huge numbers can be hard to quantify. So, if you take the 100 Billion pounds (approx predicted cost), and divide it by the current population of UK, at 67 Million people... then you get about 1500 pounds being spent per person to build this! (including 1500 pounds for every baby, child, adult, pensioner etc... frim Cornwall to Scotland)... which shows just how expensive this is! However, if you think tge resulting railway might last 100 years, then the cost drops to 15pounds per person per year, for the next 100 years! More palatable maybe, but still astronomic numbers. Hopefully it proves worthwhile in the long run!!!
These videos are so well produced. On a quality with Channel 5 or Discovery for sure, but without dumbing down too much.
If both parties want HS2, the people don't have a choice, and did not choose this !
Also — HS2 is so slow. Japan and Germany know how to make a high speed line!
Trains never make sense in the U.K. — they are too expensive
Trains are cool and all but, How does this help? why do we need it ? How does the ability for passengers to travel between these 3 cities do all the wonderful economic miracles its promising ? How exactly is the economic divide between North and south going to be "leveled up"  by the ability to get a speedy passenger only  train from London to Manchester? You cant even transport goods around on it . Is everyone in the North going to commute the the south on the magic train daily to go to work? How does moving people around create any kind of wealth or prosperity?
The issue not mentioned here is that the devastation could have largely been avoided had they instead reopened the Great Central mainline which was built as a high speed line from London to Leicester, Nottingham, Sheffield and Manchester, only to be smashed up by Beeching in the 1960's. All that would have been required to be built from scratch would have been a spur from Rugby into Birmingham!
A Vanity Project.. why not, not waste tax payers money on this and open up the lines Beaching closed...
When did California moved to England you are describing our hs rail don’t think it will be completed want to race who will finish first 😆😆😂😂
The basic economic idea of HS2 is that the South East has a very strong and growing economy, and the North does not. By improving the connection between them, the two entities will become closer. By making places like Birmingham and Crewe as easy to get to from London as Reading or Milton Keynes, it will make the former more like the latter. (The introduction of Broadband internet should have had a similar effect, particularly after the greater acceptance of things like Zoom.)  While the planned engineering and environmental changes to be brought about by the HS2 project are fairly well covered, the planned economic changes to the North could be better covered in this video. That is the main measure to weigh the frequently mentioned costs against.  (Also, if a major benefit of the project is reducing CO2 emissions, some comment on how much it's expected to do so is quite warranted.)
Call how California is doing it’s hs1 with speed of 60mph
Successful companies constantly re-evaluate ROI. It seems governments don't, the fear that they approved a bad idea and wasted billions drives them to commit more cash until they get voted out.
It's remarkable how effectively the original plans have been brushed under the table. It was originally supposed to go east-west, properly connecting the north. Instead, we're getting yet another train down to London (starting in the south, no less). Heaven forbid that any new national infrastructure focuses on a region other than London and the home counties.
Euston gives me Stuttgart Vibes!
Every big infrastructure project will always have whiners, but years later they don't whine as much when they're travelling 100km in 20 minutes do they? Suddenly it's the "Pride of the nation" to them. If a project was stopped every time someone complained nothing would have ever been built.
The country simply isn't big enough to reap the benefits of high speed rail, and for those handful of northern Scottish towns there would be some value in it there's no market.  Still, that national debt won't increase itself you know... imagine how many domes and other pointless vanity projects we'd need to take on to generate as much trans-generational debt as this single project. I can't think of a better use for £100b (and the rest) than shaving a massive 20 minutes off the commute between Londan and Birmingham, particularly while we wait for somebody to invent some kind of 'interweb' and conference calling.
I always run a mile when someone says "you pay me now, I pay you later"!
Get the Chinese to build it got the technology
What big engineering deal is this? Nothing. Even Musk can bore a tunnel. The "high speed" isn't breaking any records. Giant sinkhole of money.  Where's my  flying car? I have been promised for years and years, ever since the middle of the last century, they'd be flying cars in the future? Where's my flying car?
It seems disingenuous to say its both too expensive and complain about scaling it back.  If the first part it successful and popular it seems like selling additional projects would be easy. If not, won't you be glad they didn't go further.
I am not sure it is a good idea to spend that much of money.   1) any public project will be over the budget and delayed for years with corruptions.  2) door to door travel time should considered when people have to drive to the the station.
Imagine London without the M25 & how much opposition there was to that!
HS2 ranks as the greatest transport blunder project, the biggest white elephant, in British history.. The one way fare will be £500; it can't travel fast because a cheap, non-concrete track has been installed unlike those on European high speed railways; it 'saves' 20 minutes from London to Birmingham but it will take 30+ minutes just to go from the new city fringe station to Birmingham city centre.   And who thinks that getting to Birmingham any quicker is any better??  It can't take freight and it won't go through Heathrow Airport, the route's only saving grace. When you get supporters such as ridiculous individuals, eg Lord Adonis and Boris Johnson backing the mad project - you know the British public is being cheated and robbed.
It’s sad, Britain at one time was the the fore front of railway transport, you can argue Britain is the reason why Japan have a narrow gauge system. Britain used to have those fast steam locomotives, and other counties used to import trains from Britain.
The key to a megacities are transit transport like bullet train or maglev.
Forget about speed, trains running in High-speed 2 will be a lot more comfortable than regular trains. Both Shinkansen in Japan and Chinese high speed train and stand a coin on its side.  Meanwhile I got a little bit sick on a Swedish x2000 (200km/h tops but running on old 180k tracks) trying to work on a paper.
Those comparing the Japanese Shinkansen to Britain's High Speed 2 really need to stop making it sound so simple...  The Shinkansen was build in the mid 1960s while they were riding a massive economic/construction boom and was originally built to connect Osaka and Tokyo which combined population at the time is nearly doubled what London to Birmingham is now, with Britain's economy now taking a astronomical bashing (and don't get me started on Brexit) There are far more factors involved, I myself do not know if it will work or not but lets stop comparing what Japan did over 50 years ago under vastly different circumstances to what Britain is doing.
it would of been good idea to lin HS1 to HS2. Then have HS2 (on classic track) go up to glasgow  etc a connceton from Cardiff etc etc ... we could of had one system going from glasgow / Swansea  to Paris .. a joined up railway .. what a crazy idea!!!
Please explain to me how the frick the UK overspends up to like 4x what the French or Germans spend on a similar project?
One aspect of the whole HS2 project that I have never seen an answer to is - how much will the train tickets cost? It's all very well saying this will reduce the travel times between London and Birmingham, but is it going to be affordable for the general public?
If decisions to improve the country were left to the people. We'd all still be living in mud huts.
I hope they make a separate track for goods
nice video❣️  https://youtu.be/xrwv17jzVxs
You missed out on one key project. China has built a line through Asia connecting with European rail infrastructure. It would be an interesting exercise to work cost per metre on delivered infrastructure.
delay == money
The Chinese would have completed this already and at a fraction of the cost and much better.
I have no idea who is going to be using this rail network should it ever be finished, you can admire it's impressive scope all you want but just like the moon not many people will ever get on it!
Laughs in French... SNCF decades ago done. Paris Marseille in 3 hours. Any way bravo but be humble about this "prouesse". Any Brit against this project is plain stupid...
Fucking London cunts. Just stay in your shitty city and keep it that way.
UK and trains 🤢🤮
I get that it's expensive and hard to make high speed rail.  But how can it take literally 30 years to make a handful pretty short distance lines?  I'm convinced that like 10 guys with shovels could do it over that length of time.
No high speed rail south of London... Yay...
I would also like to remind viewers the price of materials have skyrocketed to highs we’d never thought we’d see. Concrete alone in September had gone up 7% from Aprils costs.
The thing is only going to get someone from Birmingham to London by around 30 minutes quicker, seriously 100 Billion, so some rich businessman can get home half an hour quicker, sounds like a good deal to me.
Proves the "The North" ends at Manchester. I do wish that Northumberland was part of Scotland as we are the forgotten county of England. We get "Nowt".
All I think about is all the birds and animals this train kills on its fast pace.....   That's not to even think about habitatual impacts.... What a waste of people's money too!
I think people wouldn't hate it as much if any of it was visually nice. huge concrete structures running through the landscape are never as visually nice as viaducts and huge brick structures.  the modern stations the UK government shows are incredibly ugly and will be outdated within a generation, nothing like kings cross which is still beautiful to look at.  and that's to say nothing about the rolling stock they have planned which is just bearing and lifeless making people want to be nowhere near any of it
Given the current economic crisis, question is Do we still have money to pay for this? Increase national debt?
What you say and throw to me over and over again won't affect me and my feelings.  Same goes to me too, I'm not affected too. Wala ko nahadlok anang ginapadungog dungog ninyo Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo Do not underestimate the power of the word of God. The Lord God Almighty is the most powerful in this world! No one is above him! The word of God is like a sword! Sooner or later, it will have an effect on you and to your life. Just wait and watch. My prayers and curse are crazy.  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! That's the case evil magical powers na  Fun fact : it's an evil thing..  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  At the end of the day, it's an evil thing  yawaa ka bugua ka Mamatay ka yawaa ka bugua ka. yawaa ka gaguha ka bugua ka yawaa ka yawaa mo  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Mamatay ng gabuhat buhat ug ads na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug s*yang, att**k, ug uban pang words ug gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa sa ads yawaa ka yawaa mo Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/reporter/TVanchor /announcer/commentator/actor/actress, / vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,weird, thi*f, shop, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, steal, say*ng, waste, atta*k, l*ft, upl*ft, died, die, dead, death, last, puso, heart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments Mamatay ng gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo diri sa comments section ug sa video.  ayaw pag binastos ha yawaa ka bugua ka GAGO ka putang ina ka GAGO ka Bagon ko ng ulo nimu yawaa ka bugua ka pisota ka Mamatay ng mga tao na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug diria sa video / post ug sa comments section yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/TV reporter/TV anchor/announcer/commentator/actor/actress/vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,we*rd, thi*f, sh*p, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, ste*l, say*ng, wast*, att**k, l*ft, upl*ft, di*d, die, de*d, death, last, puso, hart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments section    q
What you say and throw to me over and over again won't affect me and my feelings.  Same goes to me too, I'm not affected too. Wala ko nahadlok anang ginapadungog dungog ninyo Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo Do not underestimate the power of the word of God. The Lord God Almighty is the most powerful in this world! No one is above him! The word of God is like a sword! Sooner or later, it will have an effect on you and to your life. Just wait and watch. My prayers and curse are crazy.  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! That's the case evil magical powers na  Fun fact : it's an evil thing..  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  At the end of the day, it's an evil thing  yawaa ka bugua ka Mamatay ka yawaa ka bugua ka. yawaa ka gaguha ka bugua ka yawaa ka yawaa mo  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Mamatay ng gabuhat buhat ug ads na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug s*yang, att**k, ug uban pang words ug gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa sa ads yawaa ka yawaa mo Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/reporter/TVanchor /announcer/commentator/actor/actress, / vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,weird, thi*f, shop, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, steal, say*ng, waste, atta*k, l*ft, upl*ft, died, die, dead, death, last, puso, heart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments Mamatay ng gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo diri sa comments section ug sa video.  ayaw pag binastos ha yawaa ka bugua ka GAGO ka putang ina ka GAGO ka Bagon ko ng ulo nimu yawaa ka bugua ka pisota ka Mamatay ng mga tao na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug diria sa video / post ug sa comments section yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/TV reporter/TV anchor/announcer/commentator/actor/actress/vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,we*rd, thi*f, sh*p, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, ste*l, say*ng, wast*, att**k, l*ft, upl*ft, di*d, die, de*d, death, last, puso, hart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments section    asa
What you say and throw to me over and over again won't affect me and my feelings.  Same goes to me too, I'm not affected too. Wala ko nahadlok anang ginapadungog dungog ninyo Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo Do not underestimate the power of the word of God. The Lord God Almighty is the most powerful in this world! No one is above him! The word of God is like a sword! Sooner or later, it will have an effect on you and to your life. Just wait and watch. My prayers and curse are crazy.  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! That's the case evil magical powers na  Fun fact : it's an evil thing..  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  At the end of the day, it's an evil thing  yawaa ka bugua ka Mamatay ka yawaa ka bugua ka. yawaa ka gaguha ka bugua ka yawaa ka yawaa mo  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Mamatay ng gabuhat buhat ug ads na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug s*yang, att**k, ug uban pang words ug gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa sa ads yawaa ka yawaa mo Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/reporter/TVanchor /announcer/commentator/actor/actress, / vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,weird, thi*f, shop, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, steal, say*ng, waste, atta*k, l*ft, upl*ft, died, die, dead, death, last, puso, heart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments Mamatay ng gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo diri sa comments section ug sa video.  ayaw pag binastos ha yawaa ka bugua ka GAGO ka putang ina ka GAGO ka Bagon ko ng ulo nimu yawaa ka bugua ka pisota ka Mamatay ng mga tao na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug diria sa video / post ug sa comments section yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/TV reporter/TV anchor/announcer/commentator/actor/actress/vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,we*rd, thi*f, sh*p, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, ste*l, say*ng, wast*, att**k, l*ft, upl*ft, di*d, die, de*d, death, last, puso, hart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments section    a
What you say and throw to me over and over again won't affect me and my feelings.  Same goes to me too, I'm not affected too. Wala ko nahadlok anang ginapadungog dungog ninyo Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo Do not underestimate the power of the word of God. The Lord God Almighty is the most powerful in this world! No one is above him! The word of God is like a sword! Sooner or later, it will have an effect on you and to your life. Just wait and watch. My prayers and curse are crazy.  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! That's the case evil magical powers na  Fun fact : it's an evil thing..  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  At the end of the day, it's an evil thing  yawaa ka bugua ka Mamatay ka yawaa ka bugua ka. yawaa ka gaguha ka bugua ka yawaa ka yawaa mo  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Mamatay ng gabuhat buhat ug ads na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug s*yang, att**k, ug uban pang words ug gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa sa ads yawaa ka yawaa mo Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/reporter/TVanchor /announcer/commentator/actor/actress, / vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,weird, thi*f, shop, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, steal, say*ng, waste, atta*k, l*ft, upl*ft, died, die, dead, death, last, puso, heart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments Mamatay ng gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo diri sa comments section ug sa video.  ayaw pag binastos ha yawaa ka bugua ka GAGO ka putang ina ka GAGO ka Bagon ko ng ulo nimu yawaa ka bugua ka pisota ka Mamatay ng mga tao na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug diria sa video / post ug sa comments section yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/TV reporter/TV anchor/announcer/commentator/actor/actress/vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,we*rd, thi*f, sh*p, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, ste*l, say*ng, wast*, att**k, l*ft, upl*ft, di*d, die, de*d, death, last, puso, hart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments section    s
What you say and throw to me over and over again won't affect me and my feelings.  Same goes to me too, I'm not affected too. Wala ko nahadlok anang ginapadungog dungog ninyo Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo Do not underestimate the power of the word of God. The Lord God Almighty is the most powerful in this world! No one is above him! The word of God is like a sword! Sooner or later, it will have an effect on you and to your life. Just wait and watch. My prayers and curse are crazy.  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! That's the case evil magical powers na  Fun fact : it's an evil thing..  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  At the end of the day, it's an evil thing  yawaa ka bugua ka Mamatay ka yawaa ka bugua ka. yawaa ka gaguha ka bugua ka yawaa ka yawaa mo  In the name of the father, the son, the Holy Spirit Amen - the anger and wrath of the Lord God Almighty, the Heavenly Father, will be poured out on those people that verbally/non-verbally and physically assault/harass me directly and indirectly, backstab/backbite me, insinuating/implying/throwing false, hurtful words/insults/false accusations & information against me like"died","dead","die","last"."thi*f","lift","att**k,"de*th","ste*l", "bye",etc, falsely accused me, slander/defame me, plots against me, and speak badly of my name. Those same people will be an object of cursing and horror, of condemnation and reproach, In Jesus name, Amen! Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Mamatay ng gabuhat buhat ug ads na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug s*yang, att**k, ug uban pang words ug gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa sa ads yawaa ka yawaa mo Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/reporter/TVanchor /announcer/commentator/actor/actress, / vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,weird, thi*f, shop, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, steal, say*ng, waste, atta*k, l*ft, upl*ft, died, die, dead, death, last, puso, heart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments Mamatay ng gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo diri sa comments section ug sa video.  ayaw pag binastos ha yawaa ka bugua ka GAGO ka putang ina ka GAGO ka Bagon ko ng ulo nimu yawaa ka bugua ka pisota ka Mamatay ng mga tao na nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo sakoa ug diria sa video / post ug sa comments section yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng baboy tabatsoy tambukikoy pangit na showbiz reporter sa 24 Oras ug si Marian Rivera gapalakpak gakiskis gapagpag gahapak hapak sa kamot sakoa nagaigo igo ug s*yang sakoa , nagapadungog dungog nagpaparinig nagpapatama sakin sakoa ug "inat*ke sa p*so" sa Tadhana show  Curse and death to all people that are throwing false words/insults/false information&accusations against me. Curse and death to all people that are insinuating/implying false information/false words/ insults/false accusations towards me. Curse and death to all people that are assaulting&harassing me verbally&non-verbally, online or personal...  Mamatay ng galibak sakoa gadaut sakoa gapakalat maling impormasyon sakoa gabuhat ug dautang plano sakoa yawaa ka yawaa mo  Mamatay ng mga ordinaryong tao, yung naga voice over/TV reporter/TV anchor/announcer/commentator/actor/actress/vlogger aning channel nagpaparinig nagpapatama nagapadungog dungog nagaigo igo nagatira tira sakoa ug mga words na bye,we*rd, thi*f, sh*p, sh*pping,he*rt atta*k,  b*tter, ste*l, say*ng, wast*, att**k, l*ft, upl*ft, di*d, die, de*d, death, last, puso, hart, etc diria sa video ug sa comments section    k
Yeah maybe the high speed rail network may increase productivity hence the economy grows, but It is an understatement to highly support it, becuase people feel they themselves feel no need for a HS 2..People are the nation's deciding factor..
The reporter's delivery of the speech is really great!!
Morocco built a High speed train ( TGV ) 350 km for 2 billion euros ... it’s actually impressive when seeing the costs in the UK
HS2 might be controversial, crap and not enough, and that might be a fair criticism, but what's the alternative? uk's rail infrastructure is already +100 years old and barely adequate today, it won't get better in the future either.
Who is it for? I mean, who in their right mind is commuting from north of Birmingham, to London City? Daily?          I mean, who has that job, except the train driver or an MP?  And you started building it, when thousands of people have started to work from home, and  the global trend is now work from home, and for me and many others, this will cost far more, take longer, and results in me having to DRIVE much much further to get to a station 🚉  Warwick Station is 5 miles away....and the journey to London is 1hr 40 mins..... With HS2? Now almost an hour drive to the station (49 mins, no traffic, takes MUCH longer with traffic !!) as I need to use 2 badly congested motorways to get to the station, then pay for parking (currently £38 per day, and likely to rise more!) Finally climb on board the train, for the 55minute trip to London, to get to the same spot that I can get to faster and cheaper NOW!  CAR- 1 HOUR 50 MIN cost £15 MOTORCYCLE - 1 HOUR 20 MIN cost £10 TRAIN (L/Spa)- 1 HOUR 26 MIN cost £53.80 + £8:50 parking  HS2-- £30 PARKING-50 MIN DRIVE- 55MIN TRAIN JOURNEY, 2 HOURS WITH OUT TRAFFIC! Ticket price estimated £78.00 parking cost estimated £25+ per day And all this before you even consider the filth and damage the HS2 construction is causing, been 3 years of crap here in the Midlands, and no employment benefits because HS2 will NOT employ people who live close to the site, so ALL site staff are travelling 30+ miles to get to the site, I live a mile away, have qualified to drive many machines on site (dumper, 30t rear tip dumper, excavator etc) but only job they will allow me to apply for is inside the M25, because they don't want locals on the jobsites and WILL not recruit anybody local.  HS2 IS A GODDAMN JOKE AND AN INSULT HOPE THE FOOKER BURNS 🔥
Jika ditimbang antara manfaat dan mudharat, gedean manfaatnya, kerasa sih di tempatku waktu dibuat jalur tol, jalur pantura ga kepake, juga gini jadinya.
wow we can see so many clash of interest in here, thankyou UK we can learn this from you.
impressive.
The thing is, us up north in Yorkshire dont want to go to Londonistan, its a expensive sh*t hole where if youre not bound to be fleeced out your money by overpriced BS then you may just get stabbed by some hooded black youth... the unlucky ones might see both acts happen.  Everyone i spoke to about HS2 said they wont be using it, they have no need for it, so is this being build with londonders in mind, because all i see is this trainline giving them a quick and cheap way to travel north for that cheaper lifestyle... very few travel from yorkshire to london unless workrelated or a school trip, there is no need for HS2 and the wasted tax payer funds it consumes.  HS2 is one of few reasons why ive stopped paying my council tax, why should i give money to a gov who spends it all on stupid not needed projects, they may take my freedom but tbh.. youre not free in the UK anyways sooo...  If Londonistani's want to send money up north, theres a thing called a direct payment via bank account, dont need a train to send money these days, and we up north dont want southern fairies flocking up here either regardless how rich they are. its already infested enough up north with migrants due to those in the south putting them up here, we dont also need foreighners from the south coming here too.
government bitching about increased costs over the years while also being responsible for the inflation rate... hah
What does HS2 Do
A macro economic fact missed is that most of the cost is going to wages, wages of uk employees who are paying tax. It's like welfare, but you get something that increases productivity.
This project is collapse 😅
Wouldn't it be be better to invest in the North and other parts of the country directly, whether that be infrastructure, affordable housing or creating the situation for new businesses to grow and be stated in these areas directly, rather than trying to somehow suck some of the wealth out of London and re deposit it across the country? Does all social and economic growth have to be dependant on London? And that's speaking as someone who's very much a Southener!
this is an excellent documentary! you've definitely made yourself a new fan :)
Gosh!  We're spending this amount of money in just a few months to pay the nation's gas bill in the winter of 2022.  And no benefits after that.
this is really great for all of us up here in Scotland. thanks.
The project will enrich the pockets of Birmingham, not the Midlands. Let's get that clear straightaway. Is it any surprise that there would be opposition from the other towns and cities in the vicinity who are being left behind by the project? Trains are already being cut on wcml and this will make it worse. There is no benefit for anyone living in Coventry or Rugby for example.
What for??? Virgin Trains USELESS?
Countries such as China have a political system and a government that can make decisions and get on with them. Their huge infrastructure projects changed China from a poor country to a technological and economic superpower.
What makes me most sceptical is how expensive UK trains already are
Excellent report! It's amazing how youtube based journalists are producing news and analyses that are far superior and less politically biased than what we're seeing from mainstream media companies. The problem of youtube censorship looms large, but a lot of great work is still making its way to the public.
Mental illness
Living in the Bradford/Leeds area, its falling behind in every sense more and more every year. Leeds centre is definately still getting more benefit but Bradford lost most of its industry and therefore jobs. Having access to quick rail services to Leeds, Manchester and London opens up more opportunity for both buisness and people wanting to work, which is most of the city from my experience. Despite the reputation of a city like Bradford, it has a huge amount of potential given the chance. The north south divide is only getting bigger
HS2 seems like a brilliant idea BUT, how accessible will it be to commuters if it charges Eurostar prices?
Shit is literary becoming to expensive to build, its insane the cost of a railway
Another Millennium Dome money pit. UK like everywhere else, has politicians spending the money, instead of wise experts. The world would be richer, happier and more harmonious if All politicians just fucking disappeared tomorrow.
I think investments like these are great long-term and will serve the country for generations to come. Either way, it's better than spending money on the military. Another thing to remember is that this is creating jobs. Hopefully for Britain most of the money will go into the British economy.
It's only expensive because of the absurd tunnelling to appease a few NIMBYs. If roads had to undergo the same scrutiny and mitigation not a single one would be built.
the biggest failure of HS2 imo is starting it in London and working north, rather than starting in the north and working south. it would have had a lot higher approval rating if it promised to better connect the north first
The Sunk Cost Fallacy
I think High Speed Rail is always a good investment
While watching the contractor explaining why HS2 must be finished, I couldn't help but hear in my mind the frustrated contractor trying to explain to Arthur Dent why a bypass needed to built thru his property.  Or the Vogon captain explaining why Earth needed to be demolished in constructing a hyperspace bypass through the Milky Way galaxy.  I live in California where we too have a high-speed rail boondoggle gobbling up cash by the ton, while what we clearly need instead is improvements to our water storage and electrical capacity.  My town is within days of the taps going dry, and we've been told rolling power blackouts are pending due to inadequate power generation and distribution.  But I am heartened that my state can now boast of a very short, super expensive high-speed rail path that, so far,  exists between a backwater city and an ancient Chinese cemetery.  Well, its a start.  Groucho Marx once said, " Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies."  He just left out, "while greasing the palms of as many political donors / contracting firms as possible".
In France, where TGV train stations were build the local real estate flew to sky... Paris to Lyon in just 2 hours, 433km, since 1981 with SNCF TGV. Prices go from 60 to 170 euros for back-and-forth.(Lille/Marseille : 4h56)
I don´t know if it is a good idea or not, but where I live they´ve been planning a road tunnel for 60 years and still haven´t moved a shovelfull of dirt! Be happy?
18:14 - "... the original budget was  worked-out using simple calculations   and 2011 rates, that DIDN'T take the  scheme’s FULL COMPLEXITIES into account." 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😱😱😱💥❗
I guess the budget for this will transfer to the coming war.  That'll stop it.
Sums up Britain as a whole. We refuse to move forward with projects which have amazing potential. Sadly, the state of the country should have been foreseen with our mentality, a good example is HS2. We haven't been the global superpower we once were for decades, but for some reason, we are still brainwashed to think we are
16km tunnel with no phone signal, how will we survive?
Feels so weird seeing leeds being talked about. If you don’t know leeds, let me tell you. It’s the largest metro area (population etc) without a mass transit system… in Europe!! Traffic is horrible, busses are terrible. We don’t even have a tram, unless you drive or live within walking distance of the city you cannot commute it’s disgusting.  Rant over. Give Leeds a mass transit system!!
Interesting (and shocking) to see the original cost estimates in 2013 were so high level. And also that the 2020 business case (linked below) has an incredibly low return on investment even with the wider economic benefits included...  https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk › ...PDF Full Business Case - High Speed 2 Phase One - GOV.UK
Costs for long term projects like this always go up.  They are costed at the price for things at the time the costs are estimated.  Inflation drives costs upwards, so anyone criticising the rising costs is simply not grasping the concept of inflation.  Also, any unforeseen issues, which inevitably arise with any big project will drive costs up.  No large scale infrastructure project has ever come in at the original cost.  To suggest they should is just naive.
If and when it's done, who will operate it?  Will it be a gift to privatization? Will it be affordable to use or only for corporate travellers?
Seek specialists: Chinese contractors. No one has laid as many rail miles as the Chinese did.
25 years to wait if it's on time... I doubt many of us will be around, then there is the cost of travelling on it.
The British object to everything and anything. They want cheap power, but they don't want the power stations. They want good public transport, but they don't want the infrastructure. They want cheap flights, but they don't want the increased air traffic and additional runways.  The only way to do it is to ignore their whining, build it, and they'll happily use it.
Japan already did this 20 years ago.
They should have spent the money putting back all the railroad they destroyed in the 60s and 70s. using british steel and using british coal/oil to power those factories. scrap the trident nuclear deterrent and spend that money on buying actual warships.
The housing crisis isn't going anywhere unless we secure our borders and limit immigration. We cannot sustain a 1/5 of what the USA takes in annually on our tiny island and is the reason for the collapse of our infrastructure.
New infrastructure is vital to the country. Don't stop at railways. We need everything upgrading.
the most eco friendly train cough cough concrete, metric tons of the stuff
Lol that’s like the length of 1/15th of a shinkansen line which goes through far more urbanized areas… typical English thinking whatever they do is somehow global in significance. Get back to me when this line stretches to Scotland!
A money tree for conservative companies
Frankly, the public are simply too ignorant to be 'calling the shots'. There's so much unguided opposition to infrastructure based on bad opinion. Sometimes the Government should simply prioritise a project and public opinion be damned, in 10 years time all the nay-sayers will be using the projects and be wondering how they managed before. HS2 as it stands is incomplete, it should be as originally planned and go further - all the way to Scotland.
20 years in the future these trains will likely be obsolete.
For the most part it will be empty . We have never been able to afford this vanity project of some politician . We are broke and we are still being ruled by the Greens apparently despite their not being in power or even having any MP's . Why has this reporter got safety goggles on when he is far away from any industry ?
I watched a bit of this, too funny to see the environmental crazies being old woman who know nothing about nothing. Don Quixote would be proud of them.
This is so biased, it's comical. The entire HS2 project is in the south of the UK mainland. Manchester isn't geographically in the "Midlands"; look at a map, it's much less than halfway up the country from the Isle of Wight to John O'Groats. The map of Britain used by the Wikipedia article, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:UK_High_Speed_2_rail_map.png , is revealing - it's cut off at about Dundee. Anything north of Dundee (Inverness, Aberdeen, ... ) is apparently in some other country. Even important cities like Newcastle (which is in England by the way, not Scotland, and is about 150km south of Edinburgh) are not marked. The biggest problem Britain has is over-investment in the South and under-investment in the North. HS2 makes that even worse.
https://youtu.be/s8a4fiqfADU
UK trainfairs are some of the highest in Europe, maybe fix that first...
Perhaps Leeds, or even the whole of Yorkshire, should secede from the Union, as Scotland threatens to do!
why do people in the noth constantly get taxxed to improve the allready rich south?
£100 billion is about the price of five nuclear power stations. We need to be energy self-sufficient. Isn't everyone meeting on Zoom now? I question the true economic benefit.
A train slicing through the countryside at 225mph is going to kill a lot of wildlife that will not have enough warning to get away. Any measures to counter that?
Two aspects always get left out of these discussions: - If the project goes over budget snd time the money doesn't just magically disappear. These are also salaries for thousands of people and thus indirectly a stimulus for the economy. I'm aware that this is a drop in the ocean of the entire UK economy, but people seem to have the attitude that public spending means money is going down the drain.  Second, what's the alternative? Build more conventional rail? More inner city public transportation? It surely can't be to build more highways and continue to subsidize carbon emissions.
How do we see where the money is being spent? We want a full and comprehensive list.
You say that it will free up capacity on the WCML but even HS2 has given up on that claim. It can only do that if the same company operates both the WCML and HS2, so much for competition. As for being a green project it only becomes carbon neutral after 120 years!!
You look like Tommy Robinson
So basically, MPs "oop north" can't get back to their districts from Westminster fast enough on the weekends.
Wow, we got no money, but plenty is available for this and many other projects, the ticket cost will be prohibitive.
7:39 I doubt it - it will just make housing in Birmingham more expensive.
Should have just had the Japanese build it for us after we signed the trade deal with them
Should have invested in some frigging power stations not bloody train stations..  pointless
i know nothing about HS2 and i live in the North all i hear is Northerners not liking it
does anyone actually care about 'low carbon' travel?
Won’t benefit any of the rest of the country, an absolute joke of a project run by political back handers
It's really unfair to turf people out of their homes and businesses to build this railway. It wasn't always like this. There is a farmhouse in Yorkshire which the motorway has literally been built around. Always makes me laugh when I pass it. One small win against 'the man' LOL
The most pointless building project ever devised.
Probably could build a high speed rail on the moon for less
Truth is UK economy is  big enough.
This likely has just as much impact in driving wealth away from the north and towards london.  Why use a birmingham lawyer when u can use a london one? People arent talking about this enough.
Give the HS2 to crazy China and you will get the project complete in time.Indonesia will be the first South East Asian nation to have s high speed train running by June 2023.The HS trains already arrived in Indonesia contracted to China .
It's a total waste of money !
Typical of people.   We want all kinds of innovation, but no one wants to make the necessary investments. Expensive? Yes, but what it provides makes it worth it.   I’m in the United States, and GOD KNOWS we need this here.
Learn the Chinese on building railways   They don't give a damn care on protestors and envirnmententists
I don't necessarily disagree with HS2 but I think there is a sort of general acceptance that it won't actually reach the North, let alone Scotland. Predictably, it started down South, prioritising travel between Birmingham and London. It was planned to have gone as far North as Leeds, as part of phase 2b, which was predictably cancelled. Given it is currently possible to get to London to Birmingham by train in almost an hour and a half, and regional inequality is so bad in Britain, you do have to wonder why it was started where it was. Why not make the Northern towns and cities better connected to each other? The rail link from Newcastle to Cumbria is pretty dreadful, as are plenty of other places which are being willfully neglected.   Alternatively, why not improve public transport in a Northern city or two? The aforementioned Leeds is home to around half a million people, about the same size as Leipzig in Germany. While Leipzig has no underground railway network, it has an extensive tram system. Leeds has neither. Why?   And I have to be honest, even when the Leeds phase was planned, it still feels like the North was being fobbed off. I mean, Leeds is about 100 miles from Newcastle, the most Northern city of England, which is to say nothing of Northumberland, the largest county in England, another area where rail travel is a pipe dream in a lot of places.   All public transport construction projects go wildly over budget. When the final bill comes in for that project, just ask yourself if it really was money well spent. And this is without considering the rail intrastructure in Northern Ireland, Scotland or Wales. I'm sure those from those places will have similar stories.
A Railway Tunnel or Bridge to the Isle of Man from England or from Wales or Scotland would make sense.   It would be good for the Economy in Britain..   It would help the tourist industry and it would help the means of people, produce, goods and freight to get in and around the United Kingdom as well as getting in and out of the Isle of Man.    A Series of Rail Tunnels should be built in and out of the Isle of Man.
Given we are help pay for it, shouldn’t it include a line to Scotland?
If the British can swallow its pride, they can ask the Chinese to build it at a fraction of the time and cost. That's if they can make up their mind first. China has the fastest running commercial train in the world for the past 18 years.  China has built over 25,000 miles of high speed rail in past 20 years.
LOL China built 20,000km of HSR with 500billion. They did it for Laos and UAE within budget and on time as well. Also same for the bridge in Serbia. Should have let China build it.
I knew you were talking about hs2 before I played the video lol Ive been to many HS2 sites outside London, and they are like the size of small cities inside. Its not even believable if I told you, just plain insane the amount of money rolling on this project
More like the north north divide Leeds and Manchester get everything hull Bradford Wakefield Halifax ect get bugger all as always
It seems pretty sad that a mere ~150 miles of railway is 'Europe's largest infrastructure project', and that it costs almost a billion quid per mile. For a service that's sure to be ludicrously expensive and therefore not likely to get many people off the roads.
Dose such a small county really need this
The HS2 is like a class pet that's got a missing leg, blind in 1 eye and incontinent that the teacher doesn't want to put down because the kids that haven't had it yet will miss out, every teacher knows it needs putting down but not one of them are willing to upset the class.  I'm from the north east, just put us all out of our misery and cancel it or restart it from the north working down and no commissioning of new infrastructure in the London until it's done high speed rail is essential for future commercial and public transport.
Brilliant Doc.
Even as someone who lives in a city served by this (possibly, eventually), I'm not at all convinced it's worth while.   Imagine if you gave a billion pounds to the largest 100 towns and cities in the UK. They could build some incredible local infrastructure that would employ just as many people and bring huge benefits to those cities. But the number of people who would benefit would be much greater.
By the time it's finished in 2041 (if that even happens), the rest of it will be rotting. Standard British incompetence when it comes to politics and engineering.  Oh and while the average person can't afford to heat a bedroom (never mind a house) - the government are okay spending £100bn of your money on a railway nobody asked for.   Absolutely stinks.
Please use metrics. I'm really dizzy
I live in Dover and there is HS1 with fast trains to London, however the elephant in the room is the price of the ticket. £60 odd  return  so a £ per mile or it was when I last went, as for daily transport you must have bloody good job just to pay the fare to St Pancras. Not a good place to end up unless going on up the country from there or Kings Cross and Euston.
Couple of things.... I don't want to be closer two other people.                                      It was always going to be over budget we shouldn't have even started it..                                   It has and is going to destroy parts of the countryside and they will never be the same again for the sake of arriving somewhere a little bit quicker
28:26 did u just ask an overpaid hs2 contractor if he thinks the project is worth it? 🤣😂😆🙈
Manchester isn't even in the North of the country! The North-East (were trains were first ever used) doesn't even have a reliable hourly train service, never mind going further on into Scotland or having a train faster than driving. This country isn't interested in anything further North than Manchester and constantly call it the North as if half the country isn't above it... Leeds is also very far South for a lot of people. It will only make the areas of the country that aren't connected to it even poorer and even harder to reach. Why not improve the East coast line, it takes almost 4hrs to go from Newcastle to London, that's absurd it's not much different in the car!  Cannot bare people referring to the middle of the country as 'the North'.... give everywhere a fair shot or you're damaging the economic prospects of generations to come by isolating these poorer areas in the North-East and Cumbria, or the South-West.
damn tuco from breaking bad has a youtube channel now
I don't get it. Every mega project is ~2.5x more expensive then expected. What ever number you get at a estimate, you can simply multiply by that and get a rough estimate of the real cost. So, no surprise there :)
If people in UK keeps on being incapable of imagining the future, then the future will not come to them.
HS2 stil will give a better return on investment than the national nuclear deterrent and nuclear power stations.   Yes it is very expensive but you only have to build it once.  Unlike nuclear weapon submarines and nuclear power stations.
A ticket will cost £400 for a single
"When you've dug yourself a hole as big as HS2, all there's left too do is keep on digging".  Words spoken from the great clown himself.
Came for the facts, stayed for the biceps 😍😍😍
People moaning about their house prices, for the few not the many that will benefit in the Midlands and North 💩
this country is doomed, run by stupid and greedy politicians....what a waste of money......stupid UK government
This is supposed to help the North yet it runs from London to Birmingham, so please tell me how that helps the North lol? Should have started in Leeds.
27:44 and there is the thatcher brain rot to public spending. called it
25:37 stop listening to NIMBYs and letting yourselves get cucked by budget cuts. the eventual benefits will be pay off far more than the up front cost eve if it isn't just economic. what clownery
Apart from being well over budget, many of the true environmental proposals were scrapped early. Such as adding cycling superhighways alongside. Got passed onto local councils to pick up any green connections, at cost.
My worry is the price of a ticket
I love that Boris wanted to be the face of it, claiming cred for PR to further his own political career, regardless of the fact that this latest vanity project will virtually bankrupt the tax payer and be of very limited benefit to a very small group of people, and despite the fact that thousands of people will lose homes and businesses in the process. Sound familiar, Brexiteers?
Who wrote this shit? ''From London to Birmingham to ''a town called Crewe''. Are we to assume that the author had just found out about Crewe?  ''So, yeah, apparently there's this town up North called Crewe... no, I'd never heard of it either. Turns out it's famously the largest rail hub in the country, linking everything above and below it. I bet no one else has heard of it either. We better let people know that it is in fact a town. Yeah I know - who knew, right?''
Overall my single biggest complaint with HS2 is the fact that nobody thought it would be intelligent to interconnect HS1 so that potentially international rail services could serve the northen cities.
I live in the south and I said why wasn't this started in the North and Connected the North to South
Trying to bring us Brits closer together...lol.  Even in Football we're more divided than ever.  Southerners hate Northerners as they're poor and have stupid accents.  No chance really that this network provides any real form of benefits to anyone other than private businesses.
The current economic situation in the UK is putting the country at the level of an "underdeveloped" country, where poverty is rising incredibly fast. Take into account the fractured nature of your politics and you are in for a major disaster, which will further raise poverty.
Built by taxpayer money, but will cost a fortune for a ticket bought on the day.
Scotland and Wales and even the North of England get ZERO benefit from this very expensive railway and yet Scotland has to pay 8% of the total cost for this shambles
Just the carbon release to OUR atmosphere, from digging out the soil is enough damage alone to make this project a disaster.
ask China for help, it will be on time and under budget.
I strongly suspect this project won't accomplish any of it's ultimate goals. The ticket price will be seen to be far too expensive to just 1 hour faster. A number of European and Chinese lines have shown that to be true.
Every big project had naysayers. Even Hoover Dam.
Great video! Congrats and thank you. Please keep us posted on this subject.
I would rather have a comfortable scenic double decker train than getting somewhere 7 minutes quicker
We have a good railway line to Birmingham.  A much much smaller amount spent on the existing line would have produced better benefits.
It's funny how with all this planning the Brits never imagined what will be the cost of maintenance of HS2 and the train ticket prices.
If It will take cars of the road and deliver affordable transport then It should be welcomed with great fanfare
“The most expensive railway in the world” … lol welcome to the UK where the cost is ridiculously high and the value is low.
My area was never on the list for hs2 and the biggest nearby city Leeds is probably going to be scrapped so I just see the whole thing as a waste of time and money. Unless if you live down south because that's all the government care about. Rail travel is already expensive in the UK so I dread to think how much the tickets will cost
Canada desperately needs similar projects. The Toronto-Ottawa-Montreal corridor is the bussiest in the country yet the existing trains are SLOW
Will it be safe though? How will passengers be protected from acid attacks and stabbings?
Great video!!! I love the direction you guys are taking this channel, keep up the good work!!!!!!!
And it will be out of the reach financially to over 80% of the population!!!!!! Another perk for the rich business man and politicians..ñ….
Why does this video spend so much time with Thurston and Murrison? Both taking huge pay days from the building of this monstrosity? Why don't you talk to the people affected by it? Those who have had their homes and/or businesses stolen? Livelihoods ruined. Homes massively devalued. All for a few weathly folk to travel to London a bit quicker? Local transport needs investment, we never needed the worlds most expensive train set. A ticket on trains now costs more than a return flight to the Mediterranean. HS2 is going to cost more to London than a flight to New York!
Billions of pounds to save 37 minutes, hardly slashing travel times.
An absolute puff piece for HS2. They are bulldozing woodlands saying they are planting trees ... Trees they leave to die. The cost keeps rising, it will have the worlds most expensive fares all at a time when the expected "commuters" have proved that they can and will work from home. Even the companies building it promote technology for for meetings and are reducing travel. It's the UKs biggest white elephant.
100 billion, hahaha, 500 billion
Why not just rebuild the Great Central?  Yes, the Beeching Axe took away so much of it--the last railway to enter London (1899) which makes it a close cousin of the Buffalo & Susquehanna the last railway to enter Buffalo (1906; why?) but that route is exactly the Great Central.  Don't have the time to watch a long video, but the Great Central was built to ample clearances common on continental railways (they were thinking of a Chunnel even then) and is right where the HST2 or Whatever is going.  But why can't you Brits just accept that it takes TIME to go anywhere and build your lives around that fact?  We Americans got used to that early and invented the Stopover in Chicago, the Night in the Big Apple,  The Broadway, The Century, The Super Chief, the Empire Builder etc.  Besides, it's a Divine Sign that maybe if it takes too long then maybe you shouldn't go at all!
the uk is split on this because 85% of all funding goes to london while anything above coventry is just left to rot away. 100bn to connect two places 130 miles apart from eachother and people what to question if this is value for money.
Key thing I haven't seen anywhere: how much are the tickets going to cost?
Unfortunately for HS2 advanced web technology enabling working at home has come on leaps since the inception of this project and the a big chunk of passengers will be commuter’s (in jobs that do not require them in an office in London).  The same has happened to business trips in the airline industry and many companies are cutting back on these expensive trips.  Ideally this should have been a freight project for high speed delivery of goods.  I just cannot see how this is going to be a major economic plus given the change in how people may work in another 10 years.  Engineering wise though very impressive.
I like how nobody is even pretending this will come to was Wales one day.
As an EU4 player, I can explain why London is being invested on while the rest of the country goes backwards.  Concentrate development is a good way to raise the development level of a province which itself has become to hard to develop, especially in a constitutional monarchy where Parliament has all the real power, the monarchy perform their duties out of tradition and have not vetoed any project in over 100 years, and the monarch is at best a 3/3/5 trying to dev one of the the most highly developed provinces in the world during the Age of Megaprojects, where completing such projects is one of the only ways to raise Splendor and Prestige other than supplying weapons to a nation with an active 'friendly relations' modifier while ✅ They're in a defensive war with a larger military power AND ✅ They have higher than -10 War Score in that war (currently 57 due to -26 from occupied provinces +10 from destroying enemy flagship +23 from battles fought +25 from holding capital province 'Kyiv'  +25 from holding War Goal province 'Kyiv')
why not just renew the current tracks not make 250 mile hour but just make 100 miles hour that's possible. i mean this project seems a bit hard to execute.
They should have started building it in the North, like Leeds and worked their way back towards the South East. That way a lot of capital (cash, people, tech) would have be transferred up-front instead of being conditional on the projects success. It would be a drastic upheaval, but that's kind of the point, and something no private company could ever achieve.
HS2, England's big vanity project.
With millions facing a grim Winter being unable to pay for basic things like food and heating, this amount of spending is absolutely sickening.
Fantastic thanks
Any time you plan a project, you should expect the following.  Whatever your realistic estimates on time and cost are, taking into account all foreseeable engineering, environmental and political challenges, triple them.  You now have your low estimate for actual time and cost upon completion of the project.  Now triple it again to get an upper estimate.  The actual cost should be somewhere within the range of the two, usually around 5.5x the original planned budget.   If the project comes in under triple the original planned cost and sooner than triple the planned duration, investigate to find out where corners have been cut.
Who would imagine a pandemic & European war would erupt during this project? I hope they calculated for that expense as well.
why do they have to make all the terminals so bloody ugly? thats the only part i really oppose in this project
I do not support hs2. Invest in buses
Eco friendly, de Carbonise?? What a joke. Anyone who believes that is a fool. It's so upsetting people truly look at the end result and forget everything else. Don't get me wrong I'm all for it but wake up. Look at all those good old diesel powered machines constructing it, all that railway track made thanks to good old coal. Etc... Without Coal none of this would be possible. Anyway personally What a joke building this in a country the size of the UK so unnecessary
They once said it would reach Manchester but they cocked it up so bad they said it may eventually get there. A good idea led badly
ahh the uk. the best country to exists.
"BRITAIN" ahahaha as if they'd do anything to help normal people
Yet again the northern cities being dumped on this will never reach Manchester let alone Leeds or Liverpool it’s all about what benefits London electrify the northern lines first as has been promised for years and never done
Every gullible person thinking it would benefit them lol. Prices will be MASSIVE, You won't even be able to afford to ride the faster hs2 line. People will be buying "cheaper" properties outside of London because commute faster, Pushing house prices UP in the poorer areas, Making it even more difficult for people to get on property ladder. More customers doesn't mean cheaper prices. They ALWAYS put up the prices. Then again if your getting ripped off for slow trains, why not get ripped off for faster trains hey, atleast get there quicker. Get it out your head you will be better off financially or housing wise or even jobs etc. Only benefit would be if you get somewhere quicker, but remember UK has the worst time keeping for trains and canceling them lol.
There will be always like this , poor peaple will dont use it , for them its momey waste . But the economy grows with bissnes,  and for them every good infrastruktur is profitable .
Well airports are not any cheaper than this
Carbon free travel? Really? What are they going to power it with? Pixie dust? Because it sure as hell isn’t going to be windmills and solar panels. A gargantuan waste of taxpayer money.
And they’re quibbling over a couple of billion on the entire rail network maintenance. Bonkers.
A complete white elephant....£100bn, let that sink in.
Beautifully explained & created. The efforts put in can be seen in the complexity of the topic & simplicity of the narration. Great job.
Well the M25 was exactly the same no one wanted it, and all those nimby's Now no one would be without it. Immagine London with all those cars that now circumnavigate the capital on a huge motorway!! In nearly all cases the Nimby's put up all kind of stupid objsctions like hugely falling property prices. there currently are no places along any motorways, or in fact the M25 itself that hasn't benefitted from the building of these projects. The M25 has cut car emmisions by 35% for London alone.
How is this railroad carbon free again?
What a shitshow, can't believe they didn't scope the land they wanted to build on/through
The thing that these "waste of money" old fogies don't realise is in 2000 we had 58m population, in 2020 we had almost 68m population. OK we don't need it "today" but we're putting the infrastructure in place for our children in like 2030-2040 when we DO need a new railway. Society grows when old people plant trees they know they won't get to see grow... but they do it anyway...
We get it bro, you want more cars and roads.
Billions and Billions of this project are in off shore bank accounts of politician friends etc and developers. This kind of job is 5 guys stand around watching 1 guy do the work.
£1000 per taxpayer to complete this project. Enough said ! I cried when I saw the destruction of the ancient woodlands after this horrendous summer 🙁 I implore everyone to hug a tree before they are all gone 💕
Fascinating. Unfortunately I'm English so I don't speak French. I've got no idea how far 16km or 90m is. We use miles and in this country.
Concrete jungles is a huge wastage. Utterly ugly.
Although not as expensive but Australian Government fucked up our Internet Infatructure and we are so lag behind even developing countries.
would not be in favour of HS rail line for such short distances but given that Japan has had so much benefit with their HS railway makes me think this kind of project would be worth it. For larger countries like India, it makes a lot of sense but I guess there is a case for geographically small nations too.
hahaha. you guys  really believe a nation  with GDP LESS THAN INDIA can build a railway LIKE THAT? pathetic day dreamer~ Looking foward  being humuliated by the truth~ I cannot wait to see that miracle~ hahahaha
It's actually a very similar situation to California high speed rail. It's expensive and will take a long time but once completed it will be much more sustainable and will provide many new economic benefits
You deserve the 350KMh high-speed train right now or magnetically levitated train in coming years from China.
The train will not bring economic growth if the price of the ticket is absurd ... and it will be absurd...
The cost of high-speed rail in China is one-third lower than in other countries, in the UK probably is twice as expensive.
all the immigrants descendants will certainly get a pretty and well-built country to inherit.
With big public infrastructure projects like this you're damned if you do, damned if you don't..  and many fight against these projects purely for political reasons.. we gaze in awe when other countries do build these projects and bemoan our gov for not doing it, then just complain when they do... can't win 😕
This the UK, It will be ; -  10x over budget, never achieve it's speed advertised,  end up using  trains from Italy  and not the trains in the renders  and finially it'll take 5x the expected time to complete  but will be cancelled before then due to budget constraints .  ETA A fantastic video as ever.
Put the environmental damage to one side, let's face it we have scared the earth already, we have been in recession/austerity now for over 15 years, we literally have people starving....
If those virgin train tickets cost 50 pounds, that what will be the super fast train
I like the project, but I don't think going 225mph is necessary, the line could've been a lot cheaper if they went only 155mph like most new Germany HS Lines do, because it brings the same benefit is only like marginally slower (100km/h (60mph)) and the line could adapt more to the terrain and thus be cheaper
How about building something first, so minium wage workers dont have to spend half of a hour loan to drive ONE ZONE IN ONE DIRECTION.
One can debate the pros and cons of HS2 (IMHO a stupendous waste of money) but the more fundamental problem of UK trains is the outrageous ticket prices. The last time my family went on a trip to London, we were so shocked when trying to book train tickets that we took the National Express coach instead, which was just as comfortable and relaxing but only a fraction of the crazy train prices. I've been told Megabus is even cheaper. I'd rather get there an hour slower by coach than be ripped-off going on trains... which are still nothing more than cattle trucks at peak times.
As usual B1M is at the cutting edge of Engineering, A new Railway on the Eastern seaboard of the US should be in order soon: Washington DC through NY to Boston and Chicago to Toronto instead of a retrofit with existing lines.
democratic countries 🤡
The largest in the world? Is this world only near England?
If it's a good idea, the free market will support it. Let the private sector pay for it.
Why are we still surprised that mega construction projects, let alone most construction projects go over budget.  All the burocratic red tape, and poor planning and execution by the builder partners are to blame for every cost overrun.    This is nothing new and nothing that will change in the future. Especially when it comes to national,  federal, or municipal funded projects.
rail travel is not that cheap currently, cannot imagine this being "affordable" for daily travel.
" we are in climate crisis we should be more sustainable and not destroy the countryside "  THEN WHY DO WE BUILD THAT INSTEAD OF CAR INFRASTRUCTURE YOU DUM DUM ?!?!?!  Seriously these people just make me loose braincells by how outrageously contradictory they are
When on earth did you take that train from London to Leeds. Those older trains haven't run on that route for at least a year or two.  Also HS2 just won't be worth the investment without the branch to Leed and the better connection in the north. It's like they're aiming to make it fail so they can avoid investing in the north again.
100B on a train track but still can't feed the poor
Isn't now HS 1/2 ?
HS2 is dividing the nation into two groups, those that understand public transport is in desperate need of an overhaul, and carbrained idiots.
I got as far as 30 mph ... that's fast enough for a postage stamp sized country ... we have counties bigger than the all of Great Britain ...
You use the term “North-South divide” disingenuously. The South outside of London isn’t doing any better than the North. As your interviewee states, it’s London that is skyrocketing ahead of the rest of the UK. Leeds and Newcastle aren’t suffering more than Plymouth and Portsmouth.
nobody cares what Extinction rebellion think, they are a bunch of hypocritical upper class buffoons.
Great reporting, congratulations.
No money will be spent in the north, as usual. They will spend all the money in cities full of foreigners.
We've just sent BILLIONS to Ukraine, for no reason, and it will all just vanish into think air.. how about we spend some of that money on infrastructure?
Things like this are hated untill they're done
yes lets just get it done all the way up to scotland, leeds and manchester
it will always go over budget since tax payers are paying for it and it can keep going more up if it was a private build then the budget would of hit and had been completed by now the job of public builders is to extract as much money as possible and to do that you do everything as slow as possible and for as expensive as possible then keep some of that money at the same time.
I can now travel from Munich to Berlin in a little over 4hrs thanks to the new high speed line that recently opened. Construction began in the early 90's amidst much controversy. The UK problem is results are wanted with short term planning, that will never happen.
What setbacks?  HS2 is still on time (ATM). The cost has ballooned somewhat, but the project is proceeding according to schedule.  Whether that's still the case in 5-10 years is a different question.
A high speed network going no where if it started up north it would have finished in London
19:15 "2B or Not 2B" 😂
A simple cost-benefit analysis made it look like a good investment with the initial projected cost, but a poor one with the actual cost. A better investment of ~£80bn would be setting up a sovereign wealth fund, like what Norway did with its oil money. That could deliver, on average, about £50 per person per year (inflation-adjusted) indefinitely. But since this money is raised through regular taxation anyway, it may be better to give the ~£1000 per person to citizens directly for them to spend or invest as they see fit.  With so much of leg 1 already built, though, it may be worth continuing investment, since the cost of completing that leg is now lower than it would be had none of it been built.  One thing I'm yet to see is how the need for high-capacity rail along that route has changed since we vastly reduced our coal use around 2014. Coal (for power stations) used to make up a large chunk of rail freight in the UK. Now it's largely gone, did they factor that into the calculation of the benefit of increased capacity along the HS2 route?
Waste of moneey
I find it so incredibly ironic that the extinction rebellion supporters are against HS2. Travel by railway contributes far, far less to global warming than most other forms of transit.
Pointless video. Stating the obvious!
how fast are the replacement buses ?? asking for a friend !
it's a white elephant .. long distance high speed routes are dead .. people are being encouraged to work from home for the roles the old time thinking is aimed at office work is done with far superior coms etc zoom calls , e-mails etc etc . builder dave can't go to work on it .. we need our railways for better local routes , for more freight rto get it off roads we already have sufficient main passenger lines for a small island HS2 is a bullshit dick waving excercise from a bygone era ... man will without any doubt what so ever cut down the last apple tree to build on the land then wonder why he can't have apple pie with cider anymore
225 mph the fastest in Europe ? lmao. HS2 not even running. TGV already hit 321 mph and been running for years.
They're talking hundreds of Billions of dollars. That's far more than the British tax base. The government must be creating new money as well.
It's basically as simple as: 1. Me live in place 2. Me being kicked out of place to make room for thing 3. Me hate thing now, will tell others about it 4. Others feel bad, now hate thing as well  If this line were being built without displacing anyone people would be all for it. It's mostly an empathy problem. People don't see that their sacrifice will benefit so many others.
The theatrical voice inflections by the narrator indicating his hostility to the project are over the top and it takes from the value of the video as a non-biased information piece.  Clearly, he has an agenda and it is not in support of this project.
3:35 but drawing a straight flat line up England...   All former colonies be like: 🤣🥲💁‍♂️
Now tour the former communist countries of Central America!  Just bring the attitude.
I am from Coventry but attend university in Leeds. The trains are a joke, it takes around 3 hrs each way often a cost of ~£50. Whereas Coventry to London can be done in 1 hour and much cheaper. This is despite London only being slightly closer than Leeds. I live in the North West side of Coventry and the Solihull/Birmingham interchange station would only be about 10/15 mins away by car. Under the initial Phase 2B plans, trains from the interchange station to Leeds would have been ~47 minutes. That would have meant a 1 hour travel time from my house in Coventry to Leeds compared to the current 3+ hours. I can't even afford the trains at the moment so I have to take a 5 hour coach. The potential benefits that Phase 2B could have had were massive, its ridiculous to cancel it.
Planned on 2010, started construction 2020... It'd be worth it if completion was 2020 - even that is underachieving.
As a hgv driver who delivers too hs2 at old oak common and other sites I'm not surprised it's 7 times over budget it's a joke. I wouldn't be surprised if it all went on hiring traffic marshals you can't move for them there's one every 50 yards and they all have a different idea of were you need to be, health and safety is a joke as well if you get caught not wearing 1 itam of ppe or not having a hs2 sign in the wind screen prepare for a good telling off. The paperwork is a joke as well I turned up to a site and it got closed down for 24 hours all because the mobile crane had the wrong shape ground pads wright waight wrong shape you can't make this shit up and I couldn't leave site because once your on site they won't let you leave until the delivery is done iv never met another  driver who dosnt hate doing hs2 jobs
Spending a bunch of money on slightly faster trains that will help a few small section of the population save a very small amount of time at a significant cost while running the country in to the ground so no one needs the trains and all the while the Internet and home working makes high speed trains look like an unnecessary vanity project. Which this always was
Let's all stop to imagine for a moment just how astronomical the price of a season ticket for HS2 will be. Commuting from Birmingham? Maybe for all 4 people who'll be able to afford it.
It's an investment for the next generation, which I guess not everyone is generous enough to approve
Overrated project. It's just HSR,  not colonization of whole world again.
Just look at China's new rail way system, breaking their economy and the average person can't afford to travel the high speed trains in China. Could imagine the same situation in the UK. Those tickets won't be cheap
This is so amusing.  Who is going to benefit from saving 37 minutes?  Yes of course there are other "benefits" but this is definitely not for the poor - oops - the uk has no poor.  Fact is quite a few of us used to use the trains under the old british rail but no longer do so because it is far too expensive - so who is this for exactly?   Can it be its just a "gimmick" for the government to show its "just as good" as the rest of Europe with its high speed drains?  (not a misspelling)
Just throwing this in: Stuttgart 21 is a lot of things, foremost an elaborate heist by local politicians and building companies. But it certainly is NOT an HST project. The HST part is the NBS Wendlingen-Ulm, and against contrary claims repeatedly published by the people building it, it could easily have been built without S21. The 10+ billion stated are for the S21 part alone, not the NBS which runs at about 4 billion for 60 kms (about 37 miles) of track with more than 50% build in tunnels. So, on another note: How the f**** do you amass a 100 billion for a route not that much considerably longer?
Yet there's none of this opposition to the new Elizabeth Line in London.
People want affordable train travel, no doubt HS2 will be eye watering expensive.
Advancing your civilisation is always good and a good infrastructure is a large part of it. Worth it!
Everyone should know that the first ever Shinkansen in Japan faced similar opposition and budget costs, and look where it took them.
I bet they didn't count on the cost from protesters and complainers that caused extra direct costs to remove them and plans to be changed to be more expensive, like putting more of it in expensive tunnels. Of course those opposed to it then said it was costing more but not saying that it was them that were making it so.
One biggest of the projects in the world? Huh no. It's costliest yes, because of loads of kickbacks by the conmen from Westmonster.
"Conservatives supported HS2 and Labour supported HS2, so in a way the people voted for it"  HS2 is by definition something that absolutely no one voted for. Chucking a fraction of that cash into Nuclear would have been a far better option.  Can't even blame it on hindsight. When it was being debated in parliament 10 years ago my thoughts on it as just an regular UK national was "It's a good idea in theory, Japan pulled it off. But look at Dubai's failed projects. Britain probably can't pull that off without blowing the budget". And look at us 10 years later. Anyone could see this coming. No one was surprised by the countless hurdles faced by the railway construction.
The north is forgotten. I'm sorry but 1 hour and 30 minutes to go from Newcastle to Leeds is a joke. Newcastle is too separated and we need to be connected, at the very least, to the Northern cities with high speed rail.
I think that those opposed to HS2 should have less reason to complain and protest since so much has already been done for it
Connecting Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Middlesbrough and Tyneside with a high speed rail would have made more sense for the nation as a whole. More route options, and plenty of capacity for growth within each of the cities on route.   London is a saturated landmass, with little or no opportunity for sustainable growth.  But the real question should be, why do we need to travel at all? Why is the distance between work and home, schools and services, growing? Do we need to stop urban sprawl and think more seriously about building up?
A very good progarmme. I was living in China in 2007 when they were starting to build their high speed network. Local Chinese were queuing up to tell me the tickets would be too expensive and no one would use it. When I returned in 2017 the high speed trains were packed with young business people the likes of which hadn't existed 10 years earlier. They were doing business meetings and factory visits in one day which previously took three. If you can move people and goods around more quickly then productivity increases. If productivity increases then a countries' tax base increases. I hope this one works out well but we wont see the results for another 10 years or so.
Japan, China, Russia, all have fast bullet trains. They too faced opposition at the beginning back then. But when completed  most of the protesters enjoyed the Trains. Now is an era of strange thinkers, Whatever a Government wants to do for the upliftment of a country, there's a portion of people stand straight away on streets in protest.
But the original cost protections were written on a VERY expensive napkin . . . .
At least you guys have a big project like this in the works, in Australia our government never is able to agree on a big project like this. High speed rail would be amazing for us, cause all our cities are quite far from each other. Our topography is also the lowest of any continent so super easy to build rail that needs to be as flat as possible.
Londom to Birmingham is but one stop, near the start. The main benefit is making Manchester, Newcastle, Edinburgh etc far more accessible.  Think Tokyo to Atami on the Shinkansen (there are intermediate stops, as there will be here, too), but it's only an hour, if that.   As for Japan, they're already halfway through building their second bullet train line using maglev. We're about 60 years behind, but oh well. :)
I am  jealous of all these fast trains around the world. Here in South Africa we have the mini bus taxis and the owners of these taxis think that they are' THE' transport system for South Africa. Our other transport systems like busses and trains get mysteriously sabotaged all the time. These fast trains will seriously make a change in the lives of commuters in South Africa.
Tell me again how this makes UK competitive? No, sorry, without the bullshit.
Any government spending is a waste, leave the money in the peoples hands if you want to see money spent better.
You make the French TGV look good, and very greatly visually l planned  too!p
"£100 million a week for twenty years"  That is just incomprehensible
the borders railway which is the rebuild waverley line was a huge success for local area was that popular it should have been built with 2 lines not just one as trains are often full and should have went all way to carlisle.
OF COURSE ALL IMPROVEMENTS FOR THE COUNTRY IS EXPENSIVE BUT THE COUNTRY NEEDS IT.  ALL OF YOU KNOWS TO MUCH MOANING AND MOANING AND  NOT HELPING FOR THE PROGRESS OF THE COUNTRY.  GOOD LUCK GUYS, ALL WORKERS IN THESE PROJECTS.  WE NEED NEW CHANGES TO MOVE ON AND BETTER.
I wish someone would do a video on the new Transport Hub being built in Belfast lmao
London is already connected. Give us ways to go east-west without going through london ffs
The WCML past Crewe/Preston goes down to 2 tracks - so if there’s an issue, you’re no getting up to Scotland until it’s cleared. Meanwhile if ur in Brum you can use the moor street station to get into London if there’s trouble at Euston. I don’t understand why they didn’t start north and work south - oh I do, it’s that divide you’re talking about
This outrageous white elephant should be cancelled forthwith. That would act as a shot across the bows of future contractors who lie about the true cost simply to persuade the foolish politicians to agree to some new elaborate scheme.
LOL London is a shit hole of a city; keep it in the south! Or nuke it!  Don't need those London people up here in the north.
The concepts always look better than reality.
The UK is becoming a faild nation,  much like Detroit became a faild city in the US.
Should have started in the North and worked it's way south connecting Leeds, Manchester and Liverpool would have brough huge dividends to those cities at less of a cost than it has so far spent getting out of London.
If this was really about economic growth for the North they would have started it there.
Can't wait for the world's most expensive high speed railway to be running an average of 11 minute late with sporadic cancellatons :)
Very interesting! High-speed rail is the future. But what about Elon Musk's hyperloop? If hyperloop succeeds it will make high-speed rail redundant!
Personally as a Brit I don’t think public infrastructure projects should be looked at in a value for money way. It’s about improving quality of life etc. I want HS2 and extended lines. A lot of the North news quite a large upgrade to its rail network, whatever the cost.
Imagine thinking that making the whole of England a giant commuter town for London would be a good idea
In Denmark, digging below the Storebælt waters in a similar drilling machine, a really smart person had put cables through the - watertight door in front, so when reaching a soft spot, on top, the hole machine got floated by the water coming down!!! Luckily no people lost their lives, as they managed to escape before it all became filled with water. But it took some months to seal the bottom from the top with heavy material and drain and do repairs to the machine, before being able to continue making the present tunnel for trains. The cars have their bridge to ride on, but it wasn't intended to carry a train also. Unlike the Öresund bridge, where the train goes below the road for cars, and it looks like emerging from the water!!
I've been hearing about this project for years now but I never looked into it. Holy Crap Batman! This is a MONUMENTAL waste of money!
A good example of a group of people planting a tree so future generations will be able to sit in the shade
People protested so they scaled it back. If they'd kept going to the original scale it would have been truly amazing and a huge economic gain for the entire country. As it is, it will still be a massive benefit for the country, but to a much smaller area than it originally would have. Tragic but still amazing. I live a 5 minute walk from one of the many construction sites and it is an impressive sight to see as it comes together
"Decarbonise". The Carbon Footprint is a term invented by British Petroleum. Its a massively successful lie to blame US for BP's an the wider petrochem industry for THEIR pollution.
ladies and gentleman.   the people are paying for this new train line and then when its done it will be sold off to the highest bidder? with nothing returning to the people other than sky high rail fairs and a shoddy service? someone please correct me, please.
"carbon-free travel"........really where does the power that moves the train come from?  Fairey dust?
HS2 - what a complete and utter load of rubbish.  Biggest white elephant in history.  It will NEVER be used to anything like capacity.  Already THREE TIMES over budget and not even going to Leeds, as per original plan.  No connection to HS1, no direct connection to Heathrow, won't carry any freight.  17 trains an hour from Euston?  Don't make me laugh.   I will be standing on the platform at Euston in the first few weeks this fantasy line opens, just to see how many people use it.   Absolute rubbish!
Very inefficient govt. Decided in 2012, but start building 2020. In that span of wasted 8 years, China has built more than 20,000 km of high speed railways.
You want do decarbonise the transport system, just give affordable rail tickets to everyone.
I wonder what kind of world 🌍 and climate there will be when all this comes to fruition. People are talking like things will be the same as they are now but it’s highly likely they won’t
It is lucky that our for fathers had the insight to for see the railways and roads that where built in the past
How can you seriously call that short little railway "the biggest infrastructure project on earth"? Have you heard of this country overseas called 'China'? They built 35 THOUSAND kilometers of high speed rail on all kinds of terrain and an staggering amount of bridges and tunnels. Are there even 35K kms of roads in the UK? A few years ago, I drove around the entire island in 3 days.
We haven't got the money for power stations to keep the lights on and yet we build railway that speeds travelling London to Birmingham by 15 minutes, in Birmingham the council has made it impossible to use the city centre putting 30 minutes on entering or exiting the city centre you could not make this mess up !!
waste of money
I support h2o
i guess we will completly forget about cumbria
One thing to keep in mind is the Shinkansen line. It went absurdly over budget and suffered from years of delay, but no one remembers that now, now everyone only remembers that Shinkansen helped pave the way for Japan to become one of the most prosperous countries in the world
Switzerland built two rail tunnels through the mountains (one 30km and one 57km long more than 1500m below the mountain) and increased the capacity of lines to and from the tunnels. It cost about 27 billion Pounds. It was planned, discussed, voted on by the people and then implemented. The two tunnels were finished on time and slightly below budget. Yes, large public infrastrstructure projects can work. Interestingly enough, from the two neighbours, only one was able to life up to its promises to provide lines to and from the border to provide the necessary capacity for the additional freight trains - Italy. Germany is failing miserably. While the second tunnel opened in 2016, Germany might finish its construction somewhere around 2040...
What a waste of money.
Imagine they invested 100 billion on education.
Passenger rail is one of the best things a government can spend money on.
Why is every moron trying to sell this as a carbon free way to travel? Trains don't run on thin air and the construction will probably cause a few thousand tons of additional CO2, wind resistance increases exponentially with speed so the faster your train the more energy it will eat up... Why do gullible idiots always buy into advertisement slogans so easily and repeat them instead of wasting a single brain cell for thoughts. This is our true challenge, western hubris and stupidity.
build the HSR people, not just for yourselves but for the environment
My mum hates it because all the stuff shes bombarded with on Facebook, I on the other hand am all for it. Goes to show what a nightmare building stuff like this is.
We won't have the electricity to run it soon.
Most people love progress, they just find it hard to put in the effort to make progress happen. Most people like infrastructure, they just hate the costs that come with building it. Every good thing comes with a cost.
awesome video. Do the Sydney metro tunnel under the harbour next.
Sounds like a mirror image of California High Speed Rail
It's a common fact, that all cost estimates of such big infrastructure projects underestimate real costs. To me, that seems being intentional, not to bring down the project before being approved by political decision makers. Afterwards the public is being fed with real costs and projections piece by piece over time. I think, most big infrastructure projects never would be built, if the real costs are displayed in advance. And of course, projects that struggle with technical problems referring to geology and other fields, have to be adapted to these problems,  always resulting in higher costs. I think it was quite the same with infrastructure projects built 100 years and more ago.
Absolute, total and complete waste of money.  Nobody wants it or needs it.  London to Birmingham will only save a few minutes and cost ONE HUNDRED BILLION POUNDS!!!!!.  Hospitals, schools. roads etcetc are all crying out for money and yet this government is wasting money hand over fist.  Already over budget and still increasing in cost.  Furthermore the links from Birmingham northward will never be built.
With Brexit, my opinion is that this project is absolutely necessary, since if Britain does not want to see long-term inflation, less imports will be needed, and just the fact that more space is available on that connection for logistics is likely to save a lot of Britains a lot of loss in quality of life.
This could also be a huge opportunity for international traintravel. Connect it to the Eurotunnel and you could travel from Bimingham to Paris in just 3 hours, Birmingham to Brussel in 2.75 hours and Birmingham to Amsterdam in less then 5 hours.
It's disheartening to see people argue against high speed rail projects with preserving nature. "We're in a climate emergency, we need to be doing sustainable creation, not destroying the country [...]" Every single railway project is doing gods work in reducing emissions in the long run. I can now travel from Munich to Berlin in just under four hours without burning a drop of fossil fuel. It's incredible this ignorance.
We just need to bite the bullet and get this done , and not just to Birmingham, we should be looking long term ie 50years at least, and planning now to send this line to Edinburgh/Glasgow Aberdeen Inverness.  Probably £500 billion, shared by 100s of millions of people over at the very least 50 years , we don’t pay every bill when we receive. It sounds a lot , simple arithmetic £10 billion a year at the moment.  Costs keep going up delay after delay , protest after protest .I don’t blame anyone for trying to save there homes , or woodland or anything people care about.  The route chosen has tried where possible to avoid going through towns etc, to keep the cost of buying land less. This is why it’s impossible to properly upgrade East/West and midland mainline routes to the standard of HS2, the cost of buying land, the lack of actual land available, puts the price into trillions of pounds .  If this was done properly the whole country could have benefited.  Relatively clean cheap fast travel, but as usual a half hearted attempt, and all we will get is people from London being able to get to and from Birmingham for a meeting etc, and not have to stay overnight .   I live in London and have worked 20 years on the railway . If done properly and when it’s running well, it’s by far the best , safest cleanest and cost effective way of travelling
The better looking railway is in the town of Chillingbourne.
I think that Australia would benefit from high speed railway on the east coast. Going from Sydney to Brisbane via rail takes 13 hours today. Which is crazy when you compare it to a direct high speed rail line travelling at 300 kph could do it in 3 hours.
Small point - High Speed may be a value proposition for people but 'economics' is driven more by goods movement (typically not on high speed).
Is this a Chinese tech? Or German, French, or even better, Japanese☺️
Well of course that HS2 is costing £100Billion. Which is why the UK does need a high speed railway linking from London to Birmingham, Manchester and the North of England. And will compete with the West Coast Main Line, East Coast Main Line, Midland Main Line and other major railway lines.
It won't be completed in this situation. No power shortage of gas. It just won't.
Join BRICS and get a fast 350kph Belt & Road High-speed railway for half the price...LoL
Same in Australia.  Too much politics
Everything to benefit London and screw everywhere else. That is the mentality of those in power, down south
This was a really good video. Best of all, it wasn't a short one, with very little, if any, useful information. I much prefer more information, even if the video is long. I look forward to the next long video.
Excellent balanced perspective.  I'm a little confused. Excuse my ignorance, only been to London a few times.  Why wouldn't they have just extended HS1 from St PANCRAS directly to BIRMINGHAM & MANCHESTER?  Connecting them to, not only London, but Europe.   And rather than paying for 2 separate lines, continue the extension of HS1 from MANCHESTER directly to LEEDS. >>>YORK?.  These cities would not only be better connected to each other as well as London.  They become a part of the European system.  Built in logical steps. Step 1 to Birmingham Step 2 t Manchester and so on. Excuse me if I'm off base here.
Surprised this didn't discuss the failure that HS1 is in the south east...
China has the largest High Speed Rail network in the world, most of it elevated to minimize impacts on ground level flora, fauna and infrastructure. It is also cheaper and faster to build because most of the components can be manufactured off-site and the amount of ground level construction is minimized.
Imagine if we hadn't got rid of all our smaller brach lines, well done beeching.
Drove last week with my family at the AVE through spain. 310 km/h . 1000 km at 4,5 hours. Great!
As much of a white elephant as HS2 is, you have to go big or go home. A meagre compromise will be welcomed by no one.
How long is the Chinese high speed train network? 37900 km (23,500 miles). Speed is 350 km/h.
Hey businesses, you can employ cheaper labour from outside of London, means you don't have to pay more to your London based staff so they can afford a home closer to where they work. In turn we the government will not have to address the housing crisis in the city and country, we'll keep it propped up and fill our pockets.
HS2 is a dead duck.
10:48 "the two major parties [...] both advocate the principle of a new high-speed rail line. So in a way, the people chose this." - but we didn't, because (as you say) both major parties were for it, so there was no one (that mattered) to vote for if we didn't want it.
Billions of CO2 emissions as well
And... enabling works started in 2017 getting parts of the network ready to start the development.
There's a lot of information missing from this documentary, things which make it more viable for our progress. The amount of money that the uk government has invested. Most of it is privately backed. Cargo will be transported along the line from Europe and back
They have trains like this all across China and Japan, so it is nothing that special, but Britain does need to develop infrastructure.
I wonder what amount of the 100bn the government get back in tax eg the salaries of the workers and vat on materials etc
Imagine the ongoing maintenance costs once completed.  I suspect it will run at an operating loss like nearly all large public transport systems.  Great vision, I hope it works as sold on the jar.
I love the whole "yeah its costing way more than we thought because we did basically no research into the actual costs and then pulled that number out of our arse lolsry"
This is absolutely nothing compared to China where they have built a high speed train network greater than that of the rest of the world within a generation, with very reasonable prices for the consumer (to facilitate travel). Given the nosebleed prices charged by the privatized rail groups in the UK unless the UK nationalizes the rail companies this will end up as yet another incredibly expensive to the traveller option - i.e. not for the hoi polloi.  Should have given the project to the Chinese, would have been built way cheaper and way faster.
They should have started the new high-speed rail in the north and worked their way south if they wanted to level up the two regions.
I love this channel. However, this one video is not as interesting as normal. Tons of politics and UK-centric stuff. I wish there would have been a much more succinct version for all of us international folks, focusing on the engineering. There could have been a special UK version of you want to discuss politics. Or maybe start a politics channel? Because there's more politics and local issues in this video than engineering...
Debt trap !!! What a frivolous waste of money for such a miniscule return.
This is so interesting considering I used to have to walk past the curzon street site every day before lectures.
How about starting a multi-billion-pound project to better level North and South by... the most expensive part in central London?!! What a brilliant idea!
Compare a journey from Wolverhampton (or other west midlands towns) the Euston now, and after HS2 is built. Utter madness.
I thought it was madness 6 years ago, its now got worse.
As usual the north gets left behind with modern infrastructure
Best choice is French: build the station at same distance of Leeds and Manchester.
China: Thats cute.  I have been all over the world, chinese railway and high speed train is something taking out of a movie.
To be fair,  even if nothing else is built but Phase 1, it will already be benefitial to the North. Once it has been finished and the benefits are seen by the public, building an extension is far easier. Case in point: the Sanyo Shinkansen as an extension of the Tokaido Shinkansen. The UK tried to do too much too quickly maybe.
Is HS2 worth it?
There is always someone complaining. Seems like a good project. But the cost holly shit what a disaster
i just now found out about the nubian sandstone aquifer system and it would be cool if you made a video about it. Legit had no idea that it exists, dont think its that new but i think it could blow people's minds
Fuck 'Railways' etc etc when people are going hungry and cold
Why is this super futuristic highspeed bells and whistles line not electric powered ?
HS2 was all a fraud of milking the public purse. How did this railway get the go ahead without any ground surveys?! It was never going to be as fast as they claimed. The government has been haemorrhaging money to prop the economy up. Far easier for a large project like HS2 than thousands of home building construction projects. So it is not even about the railway itself, but government projects boosting construction.   I don't see why those in "the north" couldn't have had the option for their taxes to be put into a High Speed Leeds to Manchester to Birmingham line through a different company. Instead of new phases of a project, it should simply have others building the other end hoping to join in the middle. If built to the same specifications and with collaboration in common parts, should be a success.
If there is such structural flaw in economics which allows living costs skyrocket in any such HS2 neighbourhood the whole effort has been done for nothing. There should be strong legal pre-emptive base to prevent similar tax haven madness happen like has happened with London. Without serious preparation with economic legal safety layers HS2 can end up acting like cancer deforming the neighbourhoods it touches uninhabitable because  of skyrocketing housing costs.
Can't the English really not talk without the display of silly hand movements? A lot of videos on this platform about technical items have this. Very cringe.
HS2 will make Great Britain a far more attractive travel destination.
The Linear Shinkansen between Tokyo and Osaka will be more expensive by the time it's completed, whenever that will be.
People argue high speed rail is unnecessary in the UK because it's a small place and the cities are close together.  People use the same argument against high speed rail in Canada and the USA but in reverse. They claim it's too big and the cities too far apart.
THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND THEIR IS SEING NEGATIVE THEY DON'T WANT PROGRESS DUE TO BIG AMOUNT FINANCE INVOLVE NOT LIKE ASIA A RISK TAKER EXAMPLE VIETNAM.
I think working from home has killed any remaining need for this. The majority of people that would have used this train for commuting probably work from home 4 days a week now.
I think it would be a brilliant idea to fix the tracks that already exist. I once took a train from London to Southern Germany which passed via Belgium. During the travel on British tracks it felt like the worst turbulences I had ever experienced on any flight. Then I caught the train in Belgium. Not only were the trains clean and impeccably well maintained but the coffee in my cup had hardly any ripples on it surface.
The Chinese HST apparantly isn't a great success, even if it all looks very futuristic and promising. But the maintenance of such railways are very expensive. And much will depend of the price tickets are sold.  The pressure on the housing market will only decrease in London, but it might go up in all other cities alongside this HST line, like in Birmingham. Companies will leave London because it has become too expensive, many people working in these companies will follow their company, hence the pressure on the housing market of for ex Birmingham, Leeds.... will increase and prices will go up. Same happened in France, with many companies relocating from super expensive Paris to for ex. Nantes.
HS2 a complete waste of money... The same sums spent on improving speeds and efficiency on the whole network would have been a far better spend.
The government wasted 61 billion on forgetting to buy interest insurance, PPE that could never be used and other stuff, this will at least bring a benefit to some people. But I think it's the general lack of trust not this specific project that's the problem if people had trust in the government and things were going well there would be a lot less controversy about this project I think.
one important factor is the history of high speed travel in the west of britain    in the 1970s, the rest of europe and japan decided that the way to improve transportation was to build dedicated high speed rail lines to connect city centers.  at the same time, the US was building highways and slashing rail service, while britain slashed local service (beeching report) and also decided to create high speed rail by compromising and building the APT so they could have fast service on existing tracks on the west coast mainline.  This was supposedly a way to build better connections on the cheap, and it was a colossal failure.  since britain wasted time on this project, they fell behind the curve of HSR.    now, HS2 is an attempt to catch up by building a railway with the fastest speeds in europe.  and instead of recognizing that this is a catch-up, britain is bitching and moaning about the cost of building a proper railway, just like they did in the 70s.  they're cutting back the efficacy of the project for austerity reasons, and will pay for it for generations to come, just like people are paying now for the decisino 50 years ago to not build HS2 and instead waste a generation on the APT.  moral of the story, the best time to build a high speed railway was 40 years ago, the next best time is today.
What a great documentary!
I agree with infrastructure investment, this is too expensive for not enough, hyperloop they things on existing lines should have been developed instead
BUILD IT
well, will they come to their destinations at a set time? I can t remember going on a train that followed the time schedule. does it matter? certainly, if you need to board another connection.
When capitalists give you a budget and they triple it in 3 years, typical greedy rich.
Still cheaper than the proposed Melbourne (Victoria, Australia) circular railway.
It would be nice if the timing could be cut down significantly....I see the workers on the Birmingham side everyday and I be like, are these people serious in any way? Its ridiculous how slow they move and work.
HS2 construction is funded by borrowing, not taxation. It's 'bespoke borrowing', meaning that the money cannot be used for any other purpose.
Very interesting. The original plan had merit. However it is no surprise that Phase 2 is gradually being reduced in its reach. Would it have been different if Phase 1 was Leeds and Manchester to Birmingham was currently under construction and Phase 2 was Birminghm to London. Phase 2 would not be reduced in its scope.   It is the old story, London gets the bemefiits and the North gets the crumbs, if there are any crumbs left..
Thank you for well prepared material! As well thank you for involved experts and specialists! 👍
And why do we need to get to London?
Propaganda drivel. You would need to live by the station to have any significant impact on journey times. Those living away from Birmingham etc will see journey times increase not decrease. Cost of using will prevent it being a commuter service, as suggested in video. Need to be honest about the cost and not try to hide the spiralling amount by using the unsubstantiated £100bn. It will be significantly more. This is a white elephant glory piece that the country cannot afford. The money could and should have been better utilised improving the existing network not least local commuter trains in the regions.
what about the positive environmental impact of having a HSR which would outweigh the initial short term negative impact
Waste of money
As an American living in the State of Tennessee, we have no passenger rail. Growing up in Texas same thing. I never use any public transportation here but when I go to Japan or UK and especially London, that’s all I use. Way back when I was in HS (Mind 1970’s) there was a plan to build Rail between Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston and then both to San Antonio if didn’t happen (rumor has it Southwest Airlines spent allot of money to stop it). HUGE mistake. Kids today can’t see the long term benefits but we know from history there are HUGE benefits!
But we're gonna get blown to smithereens by Russia by the end of the year anyway, so what's the bloody point...?
19:05 2041? hahaha by that time battery technology will allow for electric VTOL aircrafts and noone will need a train.
excellent thoroughly enjoyed
The hard truth is that all these projects usually go way over budget. Sometimes even ten-fold. Yet even in those cases, once the line (train or metro or whatever) is up and running for a few years suddenly all that pain is forgotten and the public image turns around completely. Provided it delivers at least 50% of the promises it made. The problem is that so many politicians would need to commit career suicide to keep the project going that any future projects would become hot potatoes. Even those projects that desperately need to happen.
Trust us Brits to turn a potentially good idea in to a massively expensive cock-up.
I don't think the cost in money matters. The long term benefits will far outnumber the negatives. Hurry up and get this built!
It’s definitely not worth it. It’s just another way to transfer taxpayers money to rich friends of government ministers through government contracts
Now you know why you tell lies after lies about China.
Every major public works’ initial cost estimate is low-balled and based on assumptions that may turn out not to be correct. If the public was ever presented with the actual cost of a project nothing would ever get built.
Did  not take into account the financial affect of two lockdowns that has wiped out even up to or above a trillion & the knock on affect of  working from home so HS2 capacity is undermined
To claim the HS2 project is the biggest infrastructure project in the world is really ridiculously ignorant. Although its buget is extremely expensive, the total length of it is relatively very short indeed(only a few hundred kilometers) if we compare it to other high speed railway projects in China or in other countries, nor is its construction most difficult in the world. In China, there are far more mountains and difficult terrains than in the UK, the UK geography is composed of mostly flat plains, which is the easiest terrains to build railway in the world actually.
those who don't want high speed trains are idiots. we shouldn't let a few eco-crazy hobos to decide the fate of millions,(if not billions) of people
Once finished this train will rapidly become the most important public transportation system England has ever built. High speed rail is essential for any nation to keep up with the rest of the developed world.
how much is a ticket goin to cost . they're astronomical at the moment
It's all about F'n London and their problems.......GRRRRRR
Love this video!
Every large bridge every large tunnel every large stadium ,  highway Damn, Canal, anti flood project, There's always doom sayers or people that want that many spent on something else
Excellent explanation. I have heard of HS2 but didn't really know what it was.
That's rookie numbers. Australia spent 50 billion dollars on a highway extension for like 2 lanes, for 20km. That's nearly 25 billion pounds
Looking forward to this opening.  We need more infrastructure projects in the UK.  Our transport network is creaking and needs investment and capacity.
Thanks for this informative video. Seems odd to me that people are prepared to sit for hours in motorway jams but their time is so valuable that HS2 is needed to save a few minutes on one journey corridor! I suspect that the same funds spent on existing roads and rails would have a much better distribution of benefit to the population as a whole, but nobody wants to press the 'stop' button for the highly intoxicating idea of HS2.
Great Video. Is it not why we left the EU so that we could benefit from the GBP300m per day being sent into European coffers.😀
Yet local train networks around the country are pathetic, infrequent, expensive, and overcrowded. Really not attractive at all.  Yes, let's build a slightly higher speed line alongside the existing high speed instead. This is another fine example of the amazing leadership, frugality, and prioritisation that our Government is known for.
I am not from the UK, but this video is very well made. Very fascinating information.  Can't wait to travel to the UK and ride with your new HS2
LIving in the US Northeast, I wouldn't mind our govt springing for a High Speed One rail line. The current "high speed" [eyeroll] trains rattle around on ancient rails dating from the steam engine era, and must share some stretches with freight traffic. One gets tired of creeping through a trash-filled culvert in Philadelphia.  Here in Washington DC we had the same financial, political, logistical and environmental snafu's as HS2 while building the DC Metro underground, just on a smaller scale. But the system immediately became essential to commuters and tourists, and remains so.
Well done.. yet another sniffy Posh Boy load of nonsense..  Carefully selected 'quotes' from.. who.?   The railway updates are only being challenged by desperate politicians who feel their friends haven't had their pockets sufficiently lined. Consider how many working class areas have been wiped out to provide leisure facilities for the upper classes.  So when B1M ask.. "does the UK really need  this railway?".. you know they are actually saying.. is more like.. "where's our share of the money?"
Train travel is stupidly expensive. No other country pays such a high price for public transport. Rail costs are at idiot levels. The public have been so let down by their politicians.
£100,000 of tax money a week for 20 years  for a project that only benefits people in the south  it's not that it's a waste of money, it's that that money could be better spent for the benefit of everyone. Here in Newcastle it's impossible to get a dentist appointment, and many vulnerable people are still scared to go to the doctor's because they are afraid of wasting time and money despite being ill. People can't afford to put their heating on in the winter for the sake of Londoners being able to enjoy a cup of coffee and save 37 minutes on their commute to Birmingham
What did the HS2 builders say to their bosses? Euston, we have a problem
Excellent video.  Felt like I was watching one of the doco's I see on TV for engineering / infrastructure projects.  Getting interviews with those you did and the quality of the interview / filiming sets this apart from typical Youtube videos.
19:51 wow, it's almost like the house prices have been ridiculously inflated, who would've thought?
I'm just thinking that why instead of moving people around the country, - why don't they make circumstances when people DO NOT NEED to travel that much? Why don't they also designate some routes for let's say next 50 years, - where all the people should sell/give up or abandon their properties and get some compensation in order that people of the future will build something cheaper, affordable and even more faster? In the world where no one much needs to travel that much honestly other than for pleasure, - it is the waste of the money.
Great video. Would it be possible to do a video on the urban transport investments promised for northern cities? It would have made sense to start with these projects and eventually speed up the intercity trains, but the starvation of urban transport for decades is another story.
It's just about creating opportunities for more London job-goers to own cheap properties outside of London instead of spread the number of jobs more evenly across the country.  It won't solve economic problems it will just make them worse.  If HS2 2a/b happens all that will happen is house prices in the north will get even higher than they are now and make it all the more impossible to northerners to survive. It will make the country even more London centric than it is already. Putting all our eggs in one basket is the stupidest thing this country does and we don't seem to learn.  But in the end, journey times are cut by a pathetically small amount. So realistically the project when its finished will offer little to no benefit to anyone and with working from home becoming an ever bigger cloud, looming over the workplace in general HS2 seems utterly, utterly pointless.
1:00 "we are seeing this (problem) everywhere" - Everywhere? - Bollshit, China has built 40,000kms of high speed rail in the last 15 years, and will build another 30,000kms in the next 15 years.
£100m is about how much China would have cost to design and build the thing! It’s worse than America!
Funny that! Isn’t it about time you stopped criticising China? Do you have an economic road transport system to complete!
Jay shree ram jay hindurashtra jay parshuram
Jay shree ram
Interesting video
America has infrastructure issues like this. We call it "Chicago."
Australia take note. people here in aus are stupid and keep pushing for high speed rail between Sydney and Melbourne cities with only 5.5m people each and 1000km apart. its never going to be economical.
Fascinating. Bit of a sidenote, but the UK's HS2 is actually almost exactly the same size, scope, and cost as California's HSR project... except with actual political willpower and funding behind it. Sad to think that CA's project could, perhaps, be at a similar level of progress, IFF it were actually funded, and politically supported by the CA state legislature. As opposed to waiting for a handout from the federal govt (which seems incredibly unlikely to happen at this point), and just working on the ~$10B IOS that CA actually has the funding to build, and doing preliminary engineering / environmental impact reports on everything else. Incl the expensive-AF tunnels to LA etc that are needed to actually make the full project work...  All other thoughts / criticisms / etc seem equally applicable to both projects, but there's a massive, massive difference between having the PM(s) of your country constantly advocate / push for HS2, and having CA's HSR get little to no political support, and face continual attempts by CA's state legislature to kill it and/or redirect its funding elsewhere. And face constant journalistic hit-jobs every 5 minutes by the LA Times et al to attempt to cancel it   $100B for a high speed rail line isn't excessive, or too expensive. That quite simply what a modern infrastructure project costs, in a modern developed country, in the 21st century. And it's cheaper than the alternatives, ie. freeway expansion, airport expansion, etc  Watching this happen in the UK is super cool, but it's sad to think that we could be doing the same, but still currently lack the political willpower to do the same thing here, even in what is quite literally the most liberal / green / pro-environment state in the US, and that COULD, of all US states, afford to build a $100B infrastructure project by itself (see the recent ~$100B CA budget surplus, for instance – what we decided to do with that instead is just depressing)
1 BIG LIE since day one. Not going to Leeds, after selling it on this LIE, its a disgrace But the nutty conservatives dont care,
Hundred Billion Pounds??? Why You need that amount of Money for 530 k.m. long Railway. Building Anything is too expensive in US and UK.
Why does every government decision in the UK have to be steeped in national pride? It's feels primitive
Thank goodness California is unified and moving ahead between San Francisco and Anaheim. HSR is our future.
HS2 solves a necessary problem, but it's not the best solution  It always bothered me because at the time in 2010 there was another proposal called "Ultraspeed" which was a proposal to build a London-Birmingham-Manchester-Leeds-Newcastle-Edinbugh-Glasgow Transrapid maglev 60bn price tag, connected more cities and ultimately took into account the amount of land take the 30bn HS2 bill neglected to account for. also it was 2010 and being cheap was fashionable.  and comparing it to the mile by mile cost of the shanghai maglev it was a plausible price.
The first step to successful investing is figuring  out your goals and risk tolerance - either on your   own or with the help of a Financial Advisor. If you   can get the facts about savings and investing with a well detailed plan, you should be able to gain   financial security over the years and enjoy the   benefits of managing your income.
East to West up north made more sense than London to Birmingham.
This is a small project compared to the Swiss Gottard tunnel. All these HS2 tunnel boring machines originated from the building of the Gottard tunnel.
So when its done the choice will be a £100 single ticket between city centres for a trip that takes around 1 hour. Or something like £20 for a bus that takes say 3 hours.
The worry is, that by the time this project is finished, London will not be a world's financial hub anymore. Many banks after brexit relocated to France, Germany and Ireland, US and Brazil. Boris didn't negotiate any new deal with the US and it is clear that any future trade deal with the US will be dictated  by the Americans. They will of course  insist on Wall Street being the financial center.
One of the biggest problems I find with HS2 is the lack of integration. Building a new terminal in Birmingham rather than using the existing Birmingham New Street terminal with connections to the rest of the network. Plus the route is questionable at best, if it was really about helping the Midlands and the North, then surly a route between the Northern cities should have been prioritised; either HS3 (Liverpool-Manchester-Leeds-Hull), or even just building phase 2 first (Birmingham-Manchester and Birmingham-Leeds). The fact that there's reports that people will have to purchase tickets in advanced just makes this worse.  I'm a massive advocate for high-speed rail, but HS2 just does not cut it. It's much more about giving London access to the Midlands than levelling-up or anything else this government pretends to care about.
Throughout the history of mankind the average journey time to work was just under one hour. When most people walked that was three miles. 500 years ago most people never traveled more than six miles from home in their lifetime. Although I've flown all over the world for some daft reasons I often wonder if we wouldn't be happier if we just didn't travel so much, most of the time the grass simply isn't greener in the next field.
NO COMPETENCE< NO EXPERIENCE ... now that is Parliament OH NO ! Its the designers / contractors ...  oh sh*t they are both in bed together  .... FRESH FROM CROSS RAIL they are having another go :(  To build a railway NO ONE NEEDS !
Not a word about the example of the TGV in France, why is that?
I find strategically we lost sight that high is effective at over 400km. Not linking Glasgow, Edinburgh, Newcastle, Leeds means HS2 is not a UK wide project. With the environmental, energy crisis we have witness this year, it is urgently. I would argue there is value to link to the Eurotunnel to open the north to the tunnel.
Nothing like a hot train nerd with a solid uppercrust English accent to make a 30 minute doco worth watching. Many thanks for that, and just generally the well researched topic presented using generally high production value 😌
WHY LIE? HS2 will not be faster than the SNCF TGV and AGV High Speed Trains. So why LIE? It is likely that Hitachi, (crappy trains), will get the contract to build the rolling stock, but Hitachi do not sell the latest technology outside Japan.
How good was that!
There would be far more dividends if Parliament and government departments were relocated outside London
Morocco is also planning to expand his high speed train to Marrakesh and Agadir from Tangier. This will reduce travel time to 1h between Casablanca and Marrakesh which is a huge plus to tourism and economic growth. Morocco will also build railway in Western Sahara which is a good way to reduce domestic flights and time travel.
No benefit to Scotland but we will be paying for part of it. Just another reason for Scotland to leave the UK.
If they were serious about linking the north to London, they should have started building in the north not from London.
If you take out a loan for it then you pay for it in the future as well... and hopefully at that point the benefits outweigh the costs.  At least all the money seems to be all spent within the country and you're getting something out of the cost (ie infrastructure) compared to some other more-wasteful spending.
Oh the pettty problems of the developed world....
If this line connected to Eurostar AND went all the way to Scotland, then I'd be all for it. But it does neither of those things and never will.
So the business case rest on travellers between Crewe and London - how many people is that a year. At best it saves 40 mins on Birmingham to London journey times.And there are alternative networks - with the increasing number of altnets building real fibre optic broadband which are delivering today 10,000Mbps symmetrical services to anyone who wants them, and the rise of working from home, the business case for this project just gets weaker and weaker. £100Bn would have delivered real fibre optic broadband to everyone everywhere at least twice over.
You can't polish a trurd, you can just shake glitter on it
For reference, Spain spent €55B in the entire system, of 3086km over 35 years. That includes a 25% of EU funding.
Please tell me what the huge deep hole is for that appeared several times in the video? Thanks.
Brilliant video. So many important points explored, both in monologue and interviews. Some of these points so obvious, but many of them obscure until someone puts some serious thought in and brings them to fore as in this excellent video.
HS2 must go on, and Leeds is not to be left aside.
Remote work negates the momentum that made the project worthwhile to begin with. The mid-high net worth individuals who are most likely to use the network would require it the least. A fair better use of funds would be on water management/distillation.
Crazy 😩
What a boondoggle.  They could have found much better infrastructure to spend that money on, or, better yet, not steal, er, tax it from their subjects in the first place.  If they ever actually get it done, one wonders how much in operating subsidies it will take per year to keep it going.  Let the bleeding commence.
Meanwhile, China built 40,000 km of high-speed trains in just 10 years... and they're going for more. How did they do it? Does anyone wonder? Lost the ability to ask?
mientras tanto, China construyó 40,000 km de trenes de alta velocidad en solo 10 años... y van por mas. ¿Cómo lo hicieron?¿Alguien se pregunta? ¿Se perdió la capacidad de preguntar?
The Ave (in Spain) hit 404km/h (251mph) in trials between Madrid and Tarragona in 2008. It usually travels at around 300km/h ( 186mph).
24 hectares of woodland lost. Near me in the south downs 5 hectares of ancient woodland was felled in one weekend completely illegally yet HS2 get a beating for felling but then replanting much more and yet the landowner who committed this crime has so far had no consequences felt. Why can't  folk get some perspective. This is a huge project that will ultimately really help the UK and yet under our noses scum get away with murder.
Save the taxpayers money don't build it.
I currently live in Leeds as a international student, to be honest the infrastructure is great and I am a hug fan of it myself but when thinking of going to London even normal rail still seems a bit overpriced leaving me choosing buses every time. even though its very exciting to see how this project HS2 could turn out, just thinking how much it will cost the average person, I will probably not consider riding. (Will probably not get the chance as it is estimated to be completed by 2044)
Maybe China could help judging by their previous track records on overseas high speed rail / mega infrastructure projects.  But since people care more about politics and infected with Sinophobia, I'd say good luck!
Problem is the people do not understand what HS2 will do for the rest of the railways . No one has explained to the population taking the express trains off of the rest of the railways will do for them . Most people seem to think it’s just a matter of Reducing the time from London to Manchester by about 15 minutes without realising that it enables the rest of the network to perhaps double the number of local trains that are on them
Fastest in Europe??? Best laugh of the year! Cute, really cute.
What’s always really annoying is when politicians say “the north” is they mean Manchester or Leeds. No mention of York, Sunderland,Durham, Newcastle etc.
Just look at Crossrail as the example. Years of opposition and noise from the usual suspects bemoaning pretty much everything they could think of. Now it's open (well, mostly) no 'noise', the anti's have simply evaporated into the hot air they exude and thousands of people using it to get around London as if it had been there decades. HS2 will be precisely the same providing the politicians continue to take the long term view and not a short term political expediency approach which has dogged the start of HS2, responsible for some of the delays. Glaister was right in his assessment of the project cost escalation. Precisely the same root cause as Crossrail's. Basing initial project financial authority on outline designs with the flimsiest details of the how it is to be constructed, in the absence of detailed ground condition surveys, zero possession of the real estate and entertaining constant project scope changes off the back of a snail's pace legislature will always result in cost 'overruns', or to put it more accurately, inevitable cost revisions as the realities of the final scope set in.
Lets see how tickets will cost 🤔
The problem with any project such as this is that the focus is primarily on London. The powers in the Government seem to believe that the only way to help those in the north is to connect them to London. Is it possible for any community outside of London to prosper on their own? If not, that means that no community can prosper outside of the centralization of the Government’s and the Government’s ability to tax the entire Country and concentrate the wealth in the Capital.
They should've just said they were building a motorway and then they would get all the funding they need.
£44bn is a lot to just get the train from Birmingham to London, when there’s already a 1hr train that exists…this project really levels up the North though 😐😂😂 including Leeds, Liverpool, Newcastle, Sheffield and Glasgow
"This incredible industry" is nothing but old fashioned armed robbery. If you don't pay the taxes for it, armed men will force you to do so, and of course these armed men have already taken the citizens guns away, so there can be no effective resistance. "Let them eat cake." Of course in the meanwhile all the politicians, their family, friends, business associates, and the people who funded their election all get rich.
Would it be easier to build new lines along the routes of the old lines, sharing past land acquisitions.  Thus additional tracks would be within a few meters of the old ones except where shortening a few corners and zig-zags.  Such plans would cut travel time mostly by actual train speed and the needed smoothing of corners, not cutting through virgin landscape and existing build areas.   Another major issue is to reduce the direct temporary harm from building sites and how they are managed and run.  Some project management at that level is ruthless and inconsiderate, causing ruin at a local scale that ultimately erodes the economic and political basis for the larger scheme.  For example turning a new station in an existing vibrant area into a white elephant in a failed district where the original life was driven away by having day to day access blocked by years of construction work.
Is it too dangerous or too unpopular to state the obvious? London will likely be uninhabitable sometime after 2070, when its thought that Thames Barrier will be either raised or over-topped. We're moving our capital city to at least 200feet above sea-level. This video is a masterpiece of value and honesty - yet manages to completely miss the point.
UK is so small, Even California or Texas is larger than UK(England,wales,scotland,N. Ireland) land area. didn't expect UK to be this weak & slow
These kinds of projects suck. They connect two points. Only the people living at or near those points benefit. Everybody else just loses money. I've seen this in Switzerland. The connection between Bern and Zuerich is great, but only for those living near the main railway stations. If you live at an affordable place it takes ages to get to the main station. Much better would be to bring the jobs to the people, make smaller cities more attractive for companies.
Great video, but I don't think I will ever use this service. It's really easy to travel around the UK as it is.
what takes the Anglo so long? The British finance has no problem, just sell all treasury that was stolen from the poor.
I want one too.
Answer to the question in video text.  No. It's not worth it at all.
LOL, here in California we've been waiting on our high-speed rail for....14 years now. And since we're a "car nation", people are hesitant even with the THOUGHT of having high speed rail. And ofcourse, not a single mile (er.. km for you Europeans) has been laid down.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_High-Speed_Rail
100 million pounds for a study? Who are the suckers here?
Could such project be a little bit cheaper, if they would do it in the way, like skyway company does? With strings above the ground?
When I see awesome projects like this it makes me want to move there, work, pay taxes, and help fund the whole things. LOL I'm so jealous.
China has Ghost Cities, and the UK has this,
I ate almost a whole can of Pringles while sitting through this.  This content is too damn good. I don't usually pay for stuff, but if I had to to watch B1M videos, I absolutely would. These are incredible!  And I also love how you don't just show us the benefits, you also outline the disadvantages and actually bring up a good discussion around the project. Really appreciate it
The idea of the project being over budget and late is of course just a 'talking point'. Name one major government project that came in on budget and on time. How about the 'chunnel', was it on cost and on time? Has it been a benefit for France and England?
We already have train that do 125 mph.. so it’s 100 Bn for the train from beam to London to be slightly faster…
15:15 : 24 hectares ??? did I hear that right ?  It's MINUSCULE at the scale of a country !!! that is 1/10,000th of UK !!! it a TOTAL NON-ISSUE.
The british seem to have it all figured out again Lets make a high-speed train but oh we have to build a lot of stations to make it as slow as the regular other trains we have :D why even bother? :D
Maths remains a weakness for most it appears. ((£100'000'000'000÷67'215'293)÷20)÷52=£1.43 per week EST. Cost ÷ UK pop in 2020 ÷ 20 years ÷ 52 weeks in a year ≈ weekly cost for a single issue from a national newspaper TBH. Large infrastructure projects are always underestimated in cost and the issues get overinflated causing scale-backs which cause money to be wasted in replanning/redesigning/running committees/etc. and then it cycles back around. The Eurotunnel and HS1 had similar issues, they worked out. Sadly I believe Boris's personality has caused a magnification of the political issues, combined with a health crisis and a less favourable financial climate… I remain in support of the originally specified HS2.
I’m still baffled they never thought about connecting Scotland + the north to London and the south decades ago with high speed rail… like literally almost every other country in Europe 🙃
It's the same everywhere in the world, if the government had factored in 80 billion at the start, the project would never have got off the ground....
Everything that governments do costs so much more than the private sector due to the bureaucracy, constrictive regulations, all the other various middle-men who take their cut, and the special deals that government has made with certain suppliers who gain favoritism through donations to political campaigns (aka bribing political hacks). By the way, they're spending your money on all of this.
I just noticed that Biden plagiarized Boris Johnson's campaign slogan, "build back better."
At least the UK is spending that £100BN on a project within the country. The USA just dropped $83 billion on a foreign war that we are not even fighting.
What a load of bull, even a third world country like morrocco has a bullet train , China ,Japan, s Korea even India has overtaken the British. Sorry to say brits just talk nothing else, sold everything even their underwear..... .....
The uk needs high speed rail or we will fall behind all other countries. Brilliant idea let’s get this built ASAP
The Japanese Shinkansen has a PERFECT safety record. A big part of that astonishing statistic is the way the Japanese service their Shinkansen's.  It's truly astonishing to see their attention to detail, their seriousness, and the amount of sheer work that the Japanese put into that process. I really do not think that Western societies can manage this.  Okay, maybe the Germans. lol
A project on this cale is bound to invoke a lot of tension. But once it is built, it will never stop serving the country. The system will be extended and more stations added in along the way. I don't know what could limit the "investment horizon" for such a powerful addon to the country's domestic interconnectedness.
Great video. You really do make better-quality programmes than a lot of TV. I have been very disappointed that the environmental movement (primarily in the form of XR, whom I support) have come out so strongly against HS2. Better railways is a very green thing if you take a long-term view (and we should be). In a decarbonised world you need a lot more rail transport and lot less road travel and flights. It's dramatically more efficient and intrinsically electrified. The opposition makes some sense if you believe that you can persuade people to just do much less travel, but I'm not convinced that will work (or is actually necessary).  The problem with HS2 is that it focussed on speed as a primary benefit and that really isn't the point. This video did that too to some extent, with not enough detail on the emissions of building it and the emissions savings of using it. Cost should not be the primary driver of infrastructure choices - decarbonisation should be.
29:27 ... More affordable energy? Where precisely and when? Maybe 40-50 years ago infrastructure gave society prospects for a better future. But in 20222, here, in Central Europe, we are paying 120% more on electricity bills as compared to Dec 2021 and ±200% more as compared to Jan 2020. Let's just avoid comparing energy prices today with those of 40-50 years ago. What about Nikola Tesla's visions? Better not hope on these. Fingers crossed future generations will have it better and the profit and political motives won't "outcompete" genuine human wellbeing. Also, am I the only one who's not mega keen on more wage slave shuttles? That's just too Brave New World-ish for me. Not here for it. Bye
Civil war over high speed trains?
After brexit and the fact that millions voted against their interest is hilarious. This is a massive project that will benefit future generations, I don't think the populace of the UK today has the intellectual capacity to understand this project. As much as I love cars, they are a dying breed. Good public transport and high speed rail is the future UK is trying to adapt this but as always the ignorant among may just end up ruining it for everyone.
This is an amazing video, summarising mega-(important)-infrastructure projects like HS2 that will have a profound effect on our future generations (probably for centurie(s), so you know that most of todays railways was built in th 1800's, and is increadibly useful to us today).  One way to even more relativise that sooner or later we will have to accept to keep on investing for our future in Megaprojects, for the collective greater good of our future civilisation is to watch the short Kurzgesagt video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhFK5_Nx9xY  It helps us relativise that if we were to ever become a type 2 civilisation, we will not need to make decisions with short term (years) of impacts on our lives, but more with decades of centuries of benefits for our civilisation, rather than for our greedy "today" self.  Thanks Fred for this amazing video! @The B1M
Shortest joke:  BR
Tunnel boring and MILLIONS of tons of concrete to save a few trees whet motorways just devastate as they like. MORONIC Finish HS2 NOW
They should have started from the North and worked their way down rather than start where all the infrastructure was already i.e. London.
It seems a bit odd this B1M doco made comparisons with the California HSR and Germany's Stuggart 21 but ZERO reference to the HSR Best In Class. In just ONE year, 2021, the HSR Best In Class built 2168 kms of new HSR tracks. Compare that with HS2 Phase 1 project timeline to build 230 kms in 12-16 years (2017 and 2029–2033). Wonder who might this HSR Best In Class be and why B1M CANNOT utter its name?
The statistics in this video refer to the UK. - Not England. Population density in England is amongst the highest in the world. Has rail had its day with the arrival of real cutting edge technologies - Electric Vehicles. Why not make rail lines into motorways and stations into car parks. Where is the argument about commercial transport using railways... It has never worked.
If your against high speed rail, your for more pollution and don't actually care about the environment.  Its as simple as that. The rest is nonsense
Not Scotlands issue, Time for Freedom 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿❤️
So I am 18 now yet this won't be complete at the earliest when I'm 37.
Big UK projects are very good at bringing out vocal fools and hysterical journalists with no understanding of the environment, economics, commerce, or engineering.
This project will never cost less than 200 billion pounds to complete when it’s all said and done. It is the nature of these projects that they cost multiples of the original budget. Any projection short of 100 billion pounds is simply not credible.
Stay the damn course with HS2 -- return to the original plan or at least leave room in the scaled down version at present to complete the original plan in the future. That the Cons and Labour could come together on this is a marvel in itself. Why sacrifice that rare accomplishment? It will alleviate housing cost pressure -- the greatest problem facing the country -- and allow for decades of economic growth along the corridor. I wrote that before the commentator said the same thing in the video. One cannot simply turn back on a project of this scale. The only unforgivable waste would be to stop a project already long underway, making the investment completely useless. This takes resolve, not the politics of pusilanimous pandering to the  idiot class, the pettily self-interested, and the pirranha press. Deport the protestors  to the outer Hebrides and target their homes for 2x the regular property tax with a special new levy to support cost overruns.
"those railways that have invested in high-speed rail have never regretted it."
HS2 is certainly a very important project, Of course it is a political hot potato, but it will be worth it in the end.
One also has to understand that a lot of the spent money is re-invested into the country. A lot of workers and companies involved are after all british...
Your spending tax payer money and using it to buy from tax payers,I don’t see what the problem is 😂.  the money still in country, there for making it not a waste🤨.
I can go from London to Thirsk in 2 hrs, 15 minutes. How much faster do I really need to go?
A veritable documentary. Cracking job, Fred and B1M!
Total waste of money. Won't serve the North  East of England, Scotland or Wales all of whom are desperate for improvement in railways into cities. The time saved in traveling to London is minimal and also why didn't build it from Birmingham or Manchester rather than London.
The project makes no sense. High speed rail only works over long distances. The short journey to Birmingham saves very little time whereas a link to Glasgow via Manchester does make sense. Sadly the present scheme will not pay its way and further expansion is doomed. Hopefully we will now spend money on a much improved link (125 mph) between Liverpool, Warrington, Manchester, Bradford, Leeds and Newcastle which will be much cheaper, vastly more regenerative and have hugely more passenger growth.
Wen documentary on The Line ?
What is a waste of money is a stunted HS2 that can’t deliver the intended benefits. The scrapping of phase 2B and the Golbourne link represents a tragic governmental miscalculation. The decarbonisation of public transport is essential. HS2 will not only allow this by moving vast numbers of people in a fast and clean manor, but also by freeing up capacity for greater modal shift of freight to efficient rail transport, reducing the need for HGVs on our roads. We were promised delivery of the project in full and the recent cuts are nothing short of rail betrayal.
Why start with the negative 'Dividing a nation' ? As for so called environmental destruction, look at HS1, the Bletchley by pass in Milton Keynes, the former Iron stone workings in Sussex and see how the environment recovers, then look at new housing projects for no need in small villages across the UK, destroyed in all ways. As one Minister commented about 10 years ago, on every transport project there are hundreds of newt ponds and bat areas built - is there really a shortage of these creatures?
Being that the unions will be on strike. It's a waste of time and money 🤑💰😂
You all compare this to projects in China, but in China they don't need to ask for permission to demolish houses and destroy nature...
It’s 250kph our speed trains in Italy, and it’s the max speed allowed in EU 🙄
Sod the low carbon - get it finished.
the Zulu nation is rising, the most resilient nation of 11 million, after 1000s of years, they will spread the globe and make the world a great place for all, uniting the divided and restoring an equitable world
A long video that doesn't cover the basics. If there is already an existing railway, then why didn't this just get upgraded to high-speed? Why did they need to lay a path for a new one, cutting down old growth forests and displacing people out of their homes? If you're going to make a video explaining a project, then explain it from every angle.
This is laughable when compared to infrastructure projects in China.  How can they claim this is one of the biggest infrastructure projects in the world?
In the desperate effort to avoid cancelling the project, it is being cut down in scope to the point that it may be completely pointless once it is done.  It won't accomplish the improvements that it was supposed to, and it won't provide a service which does not already exist.  Some massive projects are worth it, because they provide a service which would not exist otherwise and benefit entire nations or even the world, like the Panama or Suez canal.  But a rail line next to another rail line, providing service to a limited shrinking area that isn't much faster after all, sure doesn't sound like one of those projects.
Maybe before projects like these are approved by governments- they should be required to BOTH identify the cost to make it, and the cost at which it must be cancelled, when the budget inevitably increases out of control in the following years.
People are struggling to eat and heat their homes. The amount of money for this vanity project is obscene. If it served the whole of the  Uk I might be able to understand it but it doesn't, it serves London an the North of England. In saying that I did find this video very interesting
well done
Take £5 Billion each from UK's top ten Billionaires. Sorted.
This madness needs to be stopped now!
Property issue is easy the Government needs to pay people 3 x the value of their home to get them to piss off and shut up.
Does it really matter if you can get from London to Glasgow/Edinburgh 30 minites quicker or Birmingham 15mins earlier. you could shave more time off the experience if you loaded and unloaded the Trains quicker.
Avoiding high rent price in London 😂 stuck in high price train ticket ops  And soon will be privatised
they won't even connect northern towns like Killingworth with the existing railway that runs right thru it  nevermind bringing high speed up here keeping it real
Nice Fred
uk went to the dogs because they didn't like jeremy corbyn because mainstream uk media painted him like stalin [uk has no independent mainstream media]
UK is a 2-party system, Legally only the Conservative & Labour parties can run her majesty's government. [Which is why, when Libdems won in 2010, British Isles were handed over to the Conservative party, and they've been doing bad things to the most vulnerable brits ever since.] Labour party is crowd funded. The party of the workforce. Conservative party is funded by the biggest wallets regardless the colour of the money, they have no loyalty to land masses. UK Politics isn't about personalities, leaders, or policies, it's about the party, simple fact is, if your party isn't in power, you can't do anything. Most brits don't know this and vote on whether they like the personalities, policies. They work hard and haven't got time to get involved.
No, stop mass immigration. That will solve the housing problem.
I love the graphics!
So why is it not built to the 7 foot gauge?
All this is unnecessary with remote working :) Then there is enough housing for the people who keep the cities running and need to live close to the job.
To question whether those who approved the project in the beginning, when the budget was around £30 Billion, would have made a different decision had they know that the current budget estimate is nearer £100 Billion, seems to me to be irrelevant.  It seems to me that all major infrasture projects end up costing many multiples of the original estimate and this these foreseeable, even inevitable, budget revisions should surely have been factored in to the original decision making process. To make a decision  on any other basis would appear to be irresponsible and naive
Hopefully, someone would ask the Question: How did China did it (42,000km of HSR) or Why can't we ... ?  Why are we living in a Divided World when China does it collectively ...  Yet we shoo away HuaWei believing in Propaganda from the Media, especially from America ... Why? Believe only what we were told or Choose to Hear from Politicians, and not Explore Reality and the Truth
I find it ironic that British politicians have, so many times, cancelled projects on the grounds of cost that, (with hindsight) would have given the UK a world beating competitive edge and pushed on with highly controversial projects that just drain the public purse!  Why do our politicians always seem to get it wrong!
Lots of controversy surrounded the construction of the SGR from Nairobi to Mombasa covering a distance of 472km. Initially, it took over 12hrs using the old metre gauge railway and 6-7hrs using the road.  Now most kenyans can enjoy a relatively faster travel time from those two cities.  Project was plagued by cost overruns with no delays, many questioned the governments decision to award a Chinese company the contract citing hefty debts owed to China but years after completion, people are beginning to appreciate the value of the infrastructure project.  Though not a high speed electric train, the line has eased the pressure on road transport by removing over a thousand trucks and buses on the and reduced fatal road accidents on the northern corridor.
Carbon-free my arse.
24:39 From 2h+ to 1h+ ? and even smaller differences with the new plan, such small reduction in time. I thought it would be under 1h or something 30+ minutes under the pretext of 'High Speed Railway' with such astronomical project budget. Currently Indonesia also building HSR with 143 km of tracks along the mountainous region, usually takes up to 3h20m on diesel and after the project completion the journey will be cut to only 40m. Talk about cutting time dramatically.
The protest against HS2 are shortsighted...
My hometown is along the first Shinkansen line (Tokaido Shinkansen) and is about 400km away from Tokyo. I decided to work remotely from my hometown while keeping on working for an IT company in Tokyo. Living countryside offers us many advantages (raising children in a more confortable environment, taking care of parents living countryside, lowering living costs, ...), and IT technologies nearly enabled this. But "physical distances" remain a big issue when it comes to working face-to-face. This is where high speed rail comes in. It runs up to 300km/h and connects my home and my workplace (about 400km away) within 3 hours door-to-door. It runs every 5 minutes during rush hours and is almost like the underground in the UK. Once you experience this quality transport, you won't be able to go back to life without this.
what year will HS2 be arriving and joining the Australian train system
This is why China will win, they would have it built in 5 years for way cheaper... 2040 what a joke
Friends, the International Social Project CREATIVE SOCIETY is gaining tremendous momentum in the world. People from different countries, nationalities and religions are coming together to build a just society. Only together we can change our world!!!!!!!
The Chinese would have completed that within 5 years!
Promote working from home, grocery stores are 15 minutes from home. My cat sits on the window seal and watches the green football size space. My blood pressure is normal and I have no long commute. I just learned Russia is sending gasoline to countries in Asia and Europe. I am healthy and watch Formula 1 racing in Russia, UK, Spain and France.
Have meetings without travelling to faraway places.
Provide smaller cities with and strongly consider the effects of Polar ice starting to melt.
@16:12 riiiight...because people that look like that actually know whats going on 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
We did this in France in the 80' and the last line is running 350 kms. TGV network really help to growth regions who benefits from visitors and businesses even institutions have been moved from Paris. France have more experience on high speed since 40 years. UK should buy TGV trains to France. It will be cheaper and finish on time.
What a massive waste of money, and, more importantly, thecthecgreen massive green house gas emissions from the construction.  The pandemic lock downs proved that very few people actually have to travel.
Sounds like what happened in California.
You should do a video on California's HSR project, which never had a hope of success.   California reminds me of the client in Mad Men nicknamed "Ho Ho", who is the son of a rich industrialist with dreams of making Jai Ali the next baseball.   Everyone at the agency knows he's a fool who is squandering millions, but they're happy to take his money.   But, out of caution, they consult the guy's father, because they don't want to offend him by taking money from a baby -- but the father is indifferent, saying his son has no understanding of the hard work and discipline required to build his fortune, and now the only way his son can learn that is to do it the hard way, by losing his inheritance.   Then Don has a moment of weakness while having dinner with Ho Ho and tries to talk him out of the idea, but Ho Ho is offended, and then makes the classic declaration, "if this fails, it will be YOUR fault, not mine!!!"   Don looks stunned by Ho Ho's naive arrogance, smiles, and takes Ho Ho's money without is conscience bothering him any further, knowing that when the son's money is all gone, it won't matter who else his son tries to blame -- the money will be gone.   Seeing Gavin Newsom cancelling the HSR project by blaming "contractors" and promising "accountability" reminded me so much of Ho Ho in that dinner with Don.   California today is like the son with no understanding or interest in what made the fortune he's inherited, he feels entitled to it, and soon squanders it.  Note: I assume the UK project, serving a far higher density area, makes far more economic sense than California's "train to nowhere".
If China built it, it would have been done already, and they would have financed it too.
Yet another amazing video man!
Epic video for an epic project. Excellent work Fred and B1M, <3 the channel
They'll NEVER recoup the money because no one will be able to afford the fares, this was clearly a folly, a large gamble that will impact many with rises in Tax to pay for it, we are currently going thru a cruel hardship phase with inflation at 10+% and further upcoming rises in energy costs, how the hell is this a practical build?
The purpose of Government is to take public money and put it in private hands. In the case of HS2, that's £1300 for each and every one of us.
There is not a penny of "tax payer money" involved in this. The UK is monetarily souvereign.
Who wants to go to the centre of Birmingham? Londoners certainly don't. It's all you can do to get them outside the M25! Crewe? Well, I suppose VAG management might want to pop into Bentley from time to time. What will HS2 do? It'll bring more money INTO London from the rest of the country. London is more or less a separate country already. HS2 will just make matters worse.
What the HS2 management, and government clearly need is BETTER MARKETING AND PUBLIC RELATIONS.  Britons need to understand the game-changing benefits of high-speed rail, through demonstration.  How about news articles and documentaries that show how HSR has improved life in France or China?  You can't understand the benefits of living 200 miles away from Tokyo, Paris or Beijing and being able to commute faster and cheaper than owning a car when you never go farther than Tesco in the next village.
The Chinese would have completed this in 6 months
So, we're spending £100 BN just to shorten the journey time from London to Birmingham by 35 minuets.
An excellent review. Good work.  The canals and railways also met with considerable opposition during their planning and construction, including physical violence. They've now become part of the landscape.
based on current high speed ticket prices this Train will be unaffordable. car is also needed everywhere as local transport sucks as public tea sport infrastructure is weak. so a white elephant project.
We need to overhaul regional railways in order to benefit all travellers not just concentrate on getting people to London faster. By the time the Birmingham to London part is built there will be a massive over spend and no money left to improve anything further north and HS3/4/5 will be scrapped and government ministers will be knighted for overseeing another civil engineering disaster.
From my view the worst part is already done - the construction actually started! And now it will be finished at some point with all cost-overruns etc. Because such a project is important and it will bring growth and wealth in the long run.  If the project will be cut down into smaller parts and things like the connection to Leeds will be delayed the British populous needs to decide if they want to elect the same people again who were unable to manage such a project.  An example of a big project that worked well and was delivered on time is the Gotthard Base tunnel, there were also budget overruns and problems and discussions of stopping it, but ask any Swiss today and most will say it is a good thing.
The media have created all this fuss about HSR2, the ordinary bloke in the street is far more interested in the cost of living crisis,crime, pensios,etc etc.HSR2 is a non subject.
Do UK needs Chinese help to complete the job
hundreds of thousands of people won't be able to pay their bills this coming winter and this is where your tax money goes. I'm glad I don't live in the UK.
This is an issue I have regarding a Unicameral government v. a federal government.  With a Unicameral government all or a significant amount of funding comes from the National government.  Thus, the localities remain dependent upon the National government for funding.  A Federal government, localities are not necessarily dependent upon National funding.  The localities can tax themselves or sell bonds to fund public projects.  If Northern England and Scotland want to fund this rail service, then maybe they create a Public Authority which is able to levy taxes and sell construction bonds.  Otherwise, the hinterlands and the less populated areas up north will not receive their expected funding.
Change a few items and the accent, it would sound incredibly like the California High Speed rail project.  I support the project, but I'm becoming quite queasy regarding the ballooning cost.
i wonder what the price of tickets will be?
A comprehensive and informative analysis of the project as are all your videos. However the HS2 pro propaganda points are unexamined and Thurston's body language belies his verbal answers. However his over £600k salary plus pension will no doubt salve his conscience. Those 7 million trees will never see maturity. Hell network rail recently cut down thousands of trees near their tracks. I was pro HS2 until I examined the facts.
These things can no longer involve tax payer capital on the front end, rather, privatize them and then it's user pay on the back end. In my country, the nations capital built an LRT, the problem is- it doesn't work! Especially in the winter...you know, 6 months every year. The colorful sock puppet national leader known as the little potato lives in that city...I wonder if there is a connection?
It does not start in the heart of London. It starts somewhere 6.2 miles from the heart of London from where passengers will have to change transport to get to their final destination to the middle of nowhere in the Midlands. Thus any time saved between these two points will be lost due to necessary changes. What a joke.
Welcome to britain! A property which lost value is the biggest threat to the project😂. This country's elite needs to stop brainwashing their citizens that a little wooden chicken box and spending years of human effort and energy to steal money from each other has more economical value to the country.
NO. HS2 is NOT connecting cities in ''Britain'' , ''Britain'' isn't real, that term is an invader's whitewash over historical crimes against SEVEN native cultures, you WILL use ''UK'' and ONLY when it IS relevant to THE *ENTIRE* UK, your HS2 is ENGLISH, it DOES NOT serve Wales , Scotland, Northern Ireland or ANY of the crown territories which make up the UK -  HS2 serve England, and England Alone (EVEN IF it gets extended to Edinburgh one day, THAT TOO is for ENGLISH convenience alone , you disingenuous anglo-norman prat.
Hope the train ticket isn't too expensive that people prefer the old train line because only the rich can afford it
The most expensive labour's cost in UK history.
Moving people and things around at great speeds should not be thought of as a positive. We should be thinking how to live with spending the least amount of money and time on transport .
Looks like all government projects worldwide are fuking up and not just here in usa with their constantly bullshiiit bullettrain hype and tax guzzler.
100 bills for pHyzor. come on . build a train.
Wow. Great video!
NYC subway costs $1.7b per kilometer to build.... not sure what British are complaining about. Sounds like politicians are playing this project to their own advantage.
Maybe waste money
It maybe waste money.
This is going to age well 😁
A Disgrace of a design program and planning what one sided plan orders trains before the route or type of rail was even decided, it fixed us into a Victorian broken system, when we could have had maglev or Japanese rail setup one of the best in the world completely separate from the main rail but instead we get a 10 year old tgv design that will only cut 20 mins off its journey time most of that because it doesn’t compete with other rail
Because of its very nature, HS2 is going to be utterly useless for many who would want to travel between London and Birmingham.  It's non-stop so anyone living in the suburbs are going to spend an hour getting to Euston in the first place.   For those who live out in Hillingdon or Harrow, they might as well get the current services and get to Brum just as quick.  They might prefer to go by car as might anyone starting their journey from nearer the M25.    £100bn?   I think we all know it's going to end up well north of that.    These vast taxpayer funded projects always play on politicians vanity and go massively over budget.  No wonder Mr HS2 is so keen.  £££££££
Cut the cost is key.
cant wait to ride on it
I just hope this £100bn railway has better tolerance to wet leaf and the type of snow that is somewhat unique here in the UK.
Who says it will be (only) a 100BN...
Very informative and interesting. Thank you
troglodytes
More investment in London, while the rest of the country rots...
In my opinion this Rail project Will bring several advantages And benefits for the internal economy especially In the North where the Life standard Is much cheapper than London. I wander if tickets Will be affordable for the working class People of England.
the best and most logical new train lines to create would go from a city to the middle of nowhere, this would turn currently small places near the cities to grow and become bigger, connecting two already huge cities will not bring about as much prosperity
the price of riding these trains won't be affordable for people would wish to work in London and live in Birmingham, we have some of the most expensive railway ticket prices in the the world, 5 times more expensive than europe on average, it won't benefit us economically because working people can't afford this, its only for a very specific use which may be good for some but is still outweighed by the costs
Really good video, but economically wrong. As a sovereign currency issuer the UK cannot run out of £'s to spend - it is the sole creator of £'s. It spends the money into existence and then (if it so chooses) taxes it out of existence at a later date. The cost of infrastructure projects is (provided they actually deliver what they promise to) largely irrelevant. Please see Modern Monetary Theory.
I live 5 minutes from the Solihull site and this project is an absolute calamity, nobody likes thinking that their taxes are going into funding projects that are inefficiently burning through public money at a ridiculous rate, but that’s what is happening. The environmental promises and rewilding commitments are lies and are being scaled back, the original benefits are gone and all for a railway we do not need. Christ I wish there was a way to opt out of your taxes funding certain things, because this is straight up daylight robbery.
Now we have to wait probably over twenty or thirty years to see if the project was worth the time and money and if not, WHAT?  For sure none of us might be around to say ¨We told You¨¨.   And maybe part of the project of probably all of it have to be demolished and re-remodeled !!!  Another trillions of dollars if there still is life on the planet!!!  Only God knows it
Who will benefit from it though?
Great badly designed, they spent the whole original budget before they even exited London. Wasting money on fancy stations and tunnels. There’s lines throughout the country that are straight and flat they were built for heavy steam engines they just needed a line next to them for the most part and they could of reach Scotland by now at half the cost! Instead they’re only at the next city next to London with stupid half built train stations next to the original ones built for when we had even more train tracks in the Victorian ages.
Living in Peterborough the loss of the Eastern Leg to Leeds means that our rail capacity will be impacted. It was supposed to benefit the WCML, MML and ECML.
You can't go anywhere in the UK without ending up crossing ancient woodland!
Sounds like California’s HSR boondoggle.
It's always a pleasure watching your documentaries.
Just look over to Germany and recognize how much money was wasted there in billions of Euros - Airport Berlin, Railwaystation Stuttgart, Elbphilharmonie Hamburg etc.  This is meant to divide nations
Western democracies all got same problems Looks like Chinese democracy works better in these matters
As both someone who lives in the north of England, and as an Engineer, I feel like I have quite an informed view on the HS2 project - and it seems like an absolute waste of money. The government does not care about the north of England, and the promise of "levelling up" and Economic Growth for the north and midlands, is a lie. They have already cancelled the part of the route past Birmingham. Not only this but, as you stated in the video, the country is not big enough require this railway. I do not understand why the money earmarked for the project can't be used to improve the current system, given how terrible the current infrastructure is. The government could use this project to create just as many jobs and apprenticeships.
Superb information and delivery
I would've liked you making a difference between megaprojects and infrastructure projects
The graphics on this mini documentary was awesome
This sounds s lot like Oxfords handbook on megaproject management
How about the cost of building the actual speed trains + training drivers, etc.? I suspect it should be only a fraction of the infrastructure costs themselves, but has it ever been factored in?
It will not produce any real economic benefit but as a Brummie I'm glad its being built. Plus produces short term jobs and investment in construction/property etc.
Anyone who can say railways are a waste of money need to understand the world was built on trains, not to mention the difference in economic, and environmental differences and benifits from cars and other transport.
I’m glad here🇺🇸 the 14th amendment would make this kind of project impossible
What a great video! Really covers the topic with a fair amount of criticism, positives, timeline and the various different opinions on the topic. This construction project reminds me of the Betuwelijn/Betuweroute over here in the Netherlands. Original estimates in the 80's were around €340 million, later corrected to €1,1 billion back in the early 90's. The original budget was set on €2,4 billion and the final cost came in at €4,7 billion. Prof. dr. Bent Flyvbjerg conducted a study on the cost overruns, one of his conclusions was that the complexity of these projects is almost always underestimated while the policy makers have some sort of misplaced overconfidence/optimism. The Dutch Court of Audit later convicted the Dutch government more or less on the same conclusions Prof. dr. Bent Flyvbjerg made, while the Dutch Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis concluded that the line would never pay it's way. Be warned over there my friends 😉
2B? Or not 2B - favorite line
The fact that America still has next to no plans for federal high speed rail shows how underdeveloped this country is
HS2 has got nothing on HSR in California. We're burning cash at about the same rate for, admittedly, a longer (400 miles) route, with the same kinds of over-runs, a completion date way in the future (some of us will not live to see it).  But construction unions love it. The biggest benefit lies in government spending in the face of a recession.
I've been to the British Midlands and I'm trying to figure out why anyone would be in a rush to go there.
Would love a video on what's happening with crossrail 2
All this just to get from London to Birmingham 35 minutes quicker when no-one wants to go to Birmingham anyway...ridiculous.
Stop flapping your hands around like a demented rapper fella.
24 Hectares is such a tiny amount of space relatively speaking. In total that's less than a quarter of a square kilometer or less than a tenth of a square mile and that's over 25 sites? An average of less than 1 hectare per site? Wtf lol?
Majority of that £100 bn is distributed into the UK economy through salaries and material purchases. 30-40% returns eventually to the government through taxes.   Compare this to spending 100 bn on a war in a foreign land or pension fund investing into a foreign company that declares major devaluations years later. Of course best would be to invest this in NHS for better quality of life.
I understand the need for it; however I don't think it's fair to destroy habitats and lives for this.
Okay, while 24 hectares is big, divided around 25 parts of the country, I think it's smaller than what Indonesia destroys each year. Indonesia destroys hectares of forest for geothermal exploration yearly around where I live and we can do absolutely nothing about it. Counting the destruction from palm tree plantation alone would exceed your records. Sometimes I wonder if these green energy thing is just hot air. Or hot steam in my neighbourhood.
What a gigantic waste of money for a few miles of high speed rail. This is a bad joke of a project for a country as tiny as the UK (better, as tiny as England since this thing doesn't even go near Scotland or Wales). Do you really believe that saving 30 mins on a trip from Bham to London will result in economic growth?? How exactly is this supposed to stimulate economic growth? How about putting that money into the exisitng network which is not even fully electrified and has plenty of level crossings without proper safety measures to name just two of many deficiencies? HS 2 is a white elephant and will do nothing to improve the sub standard railway network the UK has overall. On the contrary, it will degrade every rail line ouside the HS corridor as there will be no money left after this megalomaniac project has sucked it all up. The politicians who instigated this piece of idiocy should be in prison for their reckless foolishness.
Just give it to the Chinese ...!!!!
I was 9 years old when HS2 was proposed now my working on the project as a site engineer…
With the success of Elizabeth Line despite being over budget and few years   late it did bring a positive change and new addition to tube network.Same could be said about HS2 and it does have the potential to change prospective of rail travel in this country. With capacity and journey time savings will make it Birmingham very attractive and it won't be long before the pressure  on housing is relieved in London.Big infrastructure cost big expenditure but completely transform a generation and bring lasting economic benefits.
wtf pos spam
the Chinese government never took "public opinions" into account (they only consulted experts and engineers) when they started laying HS railway all around China, now all Chinese people enjoy travelling by HS trains and economies are indeed boosted
when I was a kid we used the trains at least 3 times a week and travalled all over the Uk apart from the fact that those lines were all pulled up and are now cycle paths ( which I do still use .So that's not a complaint ) But now it costs a weeks pension to go to places we used to go to on our pocket money .So its not progress .it's a rip off.
¡Gracias!
When you take the cheapest price
People need to stop whining and get on with it!!! If those tree huggers want to save the environment, building an extensive high speed railroad system is the to go.
that is a lot of money……
Nice to see no bias lets start in the capital?? Another waste of our money, lets be right 225 is not exactly fast in this day and age. The cost who cares /not the company with the contract.
..Whenever I want HS2, all I have to do is Dream, dream, dream, dream.. 🎸
Watch it fail miserably
Hmmm… Chinese don’t seem to have problem building infrastructure…
Make one on Bangladesh's Padma Bridge.
The twin 15.8 km HS2 tunnels south of Wendover, the Chiltern Tunnels, currently being finished off, will hold about 2 billion litres of water, with no evaporation. It is well worth doing this, as we are desperately short of water reservoirs. *The whole of the south of England is on drought status.*  HS2 track emerging from the tunnel from Old Oak Common station at Colne Valley, can run onto an upgraded and electrified Chiltern Line near Colne Valley just before Denham, eliminating the viaduct across the valley. London to Birmingham journey times will then be similar to HS2 times.  Then we get a vital reservoir *quickly.*
Saving 10 minutes.
Everybody can agree that having fast train is better than not having a fast train. The problem with HS2 is the priorities. It was originally sold to people as a direct connection to The North (Manchester and Leeds), which would almost make sense. But it's been already reduced to a single line to Birmingham, which is hardly a revolution. Yea, it may shorten the trip by an hour, and increase the capacity. But the majority of the nation gets zero benefits of this. If they can't afford to build the whole thing, they should rather build the northern connectors first, and only then think about updating lines to London. But of course the politicians live in London so for them spending trillion pounds on one line in the South is money better spent than connecting dozen cities in the North. It's not their money anyway.
I'm surprised the ticket prices weren't raised in this video, most people today don't consider train tickets to be good value for money.
Can I just point out that geographically, Manchester and Leeds really aren't the North, they're right in the middle of the country.  It's the real north, Durham, Middlesbrough, Newcastle, Sunderland and the cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland that would benefit the most from a real high speed backbone right up the country, but unfortunately this was never even what HS2 was even supposed to be, and will most likely never happen within out lifetimes.  I think ultimately, building infrastructure for the future should be done no matter the cost, but this ridiculous, overpriced, slow half-measure is a joke. I really can't get my head around how we can't even manage tiny stretches like these, when elsewhere in the world they build stretches of thousands of miles in less than a decade. Remember folks, we were the first, and now we're the worst!
Lot can be said about the project, but all issues surrounding it was just brilliantly brought by B1M, well done body!
The issue is... the money could be spent more efficiently and effectively by improving existing network. This INCLUDES restoring capacity such as passing loops.
Environmentalists: "Reduce carbon emissions NOW! Wait, no...not like that. Do it in a way that doesn't cause me the tiniest bit of inconvenience."
The same stuff is said about every major construction ever. People just like to complain
Will any Northerner be able to afford a HS2 ticket?
That's a huge project...
Spending too much money for not enough gain?  "Well ultimately that's a big question for the politicians".  It is not the role of construction management/client personnel to answer for earlier bad decisions, but they should be monitoring areas where costs are spiralling well beyond estimates (few realistic cost projections undertaken here, it may seem).  And this can end in very serious reductions in work scope.  Requires painful decisions, not taken early enough here.
Make video on India's Dedicated Freight Corridor.
What will they do when Scotland breaks off to rejoin the EU?
Silly Brits, Euston is in Texas, USA. Oh wait that's Houston. lmao :)
Please don’t show windmills when you say cleaner more affordable energy because those are neither. The amount of pollution created in manufacturing them and disposing of them at end of life 7-10 years is far more than what is prevented by their use. Also, the tax payers have to subsidise them otherwise they are too costly to make a profit from the small amount of energy they produce. Plus the damage they do to the environment from killing birds to the noise pollution they create is astronomical. They are truly horrendous in every way b
The English should look on the bright side. At least they weren't spending billions of taxpayer pounds/dollars on fighting an unwinnable war in a country where the locals for the most part hated us like my country (US) has done for the past decade.
HS2 screams both c0 rrupt 1on, and inc0 mpetenc3. As for the engineers  undertaking the technical task of building it, they show how easily bought & sold their talents are by c0 rrupt people for destructive, c0 rrupt, wasteful means. This is the message they send, and I, for one, find no motivation in it.
If you do the math 100 million pounds a week is only £1.50 per person per week. Yes its for 20 years but thats not that bad a deal when you look at it that way lol.
Perhaps they save an hour with this train.  Is it REALLY worth it in a country that cannot even afford to heat their homes?
Ok but what does this have to do with Autodesk
So, companies will expand their labor pool, productivity will go up and so then will profits, but salaries will remain stagnant just as they have for the past 50 years, as only lower paying jobs will expand. Right. Great benefit for rich people. The working class continues to get screwed.
One thing is clear. There is an absolute disdain for high-speed anything in the whole of europe for some reason. It's not only in the UK, HST's are questioned everywhere. Speed is not to be had, you can't drive quickly. You can't railway quickly. Flying is soone a death penalty. WTF is going on really? Major infrastructure cost a shit ton. The payback might take a decade or three depending on total cost. But zero benefits? Sod off!
What people don't appreciate about this project is that it's not about people. The point is that you could never get the funding for a freight line on this route. You need to build the sexy fast passenger line in order to free up freight on the existing main line.
This entire project is a waste of money. This railway is not needed at all.
I have only few Question one is resilience to the floodings and envitomental issues and then cost benefits. With as outlined in this project " NORTH of ENGLAND " meaning there is no benefit to Scotland. If so to be why not build from both sides ?   Aberdeen - Edinburgh - Glasgow  - Carliste  Building HS2 North and HS2 South. Based on curent process it look like not intention completing whole lengst. making people in North again Short of everything.   Other part peoples are only one part where is Good logistic I think investment in Goods transportation should be CRITICAL and utilise similar system where you can shoot shipping containers from SOUTH to North ( fuel / water / Hydrogen / good and orht goods )
Watch them take over the country
UK People saying that state of the art low imprint public transportation is a waste of money. US with their horribly handled highways, literally burning money, nobody bats an eye.
The Man behind the voice! I'm all for HS2 and beyond... its needed to reduce Internal Flights etc! Its also needed to allow more Rail Freight to travel on the "Classic" lines, which are at capacity!
Train travel in the UK is already too expensive.
It is amazing to see how professional this channel is becoming. Amazing progress !
Amazing video! Incredible production. Congrats!!!
Great video, but HS2 is a colossal waste of money.
People can't budget and they act like they have to pay everything personally. If you want it, you build it and make sure it's not totally spinning out of control.
I'd be very surprised if the fares don't price most people out of using it.  Levelling up my arse.
Sunk cost bias
Wonderful look at everything behind such large-scale projects through the lens of the UK and HS2.  Lessons that apply to us all, no matter where we live.  Great job as always, Fred and B1M. A fan in Colorado.
what i want to know is just how much moeny Scotland is pumping down south (yet again) for Englands benefit and not ours.
Great video thx.  ! Was a bit confused when you said a carbon free network.? All that electricity is still generated by power stations  burning fossil fuels just like diesel trains are ...
nice
Worth every penny.
I still find it daft that it doesn't connect to HS1 and that you'll still need to get a tube from Euston to St Pancras to connect to Europe from Birmingham. The London centric arrangement of the UK rail network is something that needs moving away from. Skipping Euston and connecting at the increasingly used hub of Stratford would have been a better option that compliments the existing west coast mainline to give everyone better options.
HS2 simply increases the commute distance threshold to London, funnelling more workers, talent and wealth from the North into the capital. Who in their right mind chooses to live in London, paying astronomical living costs, but commutes to work in Birmingham every day for lower wages? Nobody. It'll be the other way around and worsen the divide.
It's very unfortunate to see environmentalists that are so uneducated on the huge environmental and social benefits of trains. Do these people actually believe electric cars, and the massive infrastructure and resource costs they need would be more environmentally friendly.
More crap from the Neanderthals.
HS2 project is perfectly explained, here in Egypt the government is proposing a somehow similar project that will run in the desert and connect major cities of Egypt together, I was with this project but after watching this video I am more enthusiastic . Thank you.
Funny how easy those long term benefits and long term goals are praised so much when its about business yeah, but when it comes to the climate crisis the same politicians wont even think about doing or investing the same way. And we already are suffering the consequences right now instead of 20+ years away like this project, yet nothing really changes.
Very enjoyable, and well pu together. Thank you.
If it brings benefits as CrossRail has done then it will be an awesome project. There appear to be a lot of older people who don't need to travel anywhere who are against it. I would suggest that it will bring enormous modernday benefits to the country.
Why not a spur to Portsmouth/Southampton as well ?
This was always the plan, since high speed rail began in Spain, for it to all connect with The UK. I don't know how The French projects are going. That was the way that it all was supposed to be. All throughout Spain, and it's still happening, even if any governments are not as efficient about it all as from the beginning. It was shot down in Florida too, not even ANYTHING begun, not only the California political greed and lack of vision. Florida, where the first trains from New York to Florida came to be. I think that tycoon Henry Plant was involved in the project into fruition. Henry Plant or Henry Flagler. Maybe both men.
All major infrastructure projects are tendered in such a way that encourages a race to the bottom in terms of pricing. No surprise when the real cost of the project reveals itself later down the line.
It's Britain! We do everything decades behind everyone else.We play catch-up.We don't have foresight or people with vision.Itll be late ,over budget, skimped in parts.re-hashed, unfinished.In fact marvelously British.Will one of the 'Liz's' be around to open it ?
How will you get this to work when people cant even get the normal railway to work properly?!
Brilliant , thanks .
I really love your longer Episodes.
Absolute waste of money. Who exactly is going to commune every day between London and Birmingham. Maybe spend this money on upgrading the existing network. A total disgrace.
HS2, the project for commoners, unwanted by commoners, with grudges held by commoners, built by people who dont care, payed for by people who's homes got levelled to make way
Hi! B1M  I am from India.  After watching people protest against HS2 and even calling it a waste of taxpayers money the first thing that came to my mind is India's Bullet Train project. Few months ago while staging protest one Lawmaker went on to say that  "INDIAN SOIL IS UNFIT FOR BULLET TRAINS(HSR)"😂.  When projects of such proportion and  magnitude are introduced they face exactly the same kind of roadblocks all over the world. Costs will keep mounting with every passing second if these infrastructure projects are delayed. Needless to say these projects are crucial for quality public transport and better intercity connectivity. Cheers to B1M for making this video and cheers to all Britons for taking this initiative👍
Tunneling machines are really boring!
Trains are never a waste of money
Across the pond in USA, a similar situation is happening with the California High Speed Rail project (albeit with a different population density, topography and political climate) a lot of lobbyist and NIMBYism delayed, impeding and halting the project every single day and increasing the legal exceeding the the actual construction cost. literally no-win situation for everyone
Iv been waiting for a HS2 analysis by the B1M team, great video very balanced in the project process and trade-offs. Price increases always happen on big projects, but the contractor companies should have some responsibility to be accurate with costings (excluding inflation). Maybe one day we'll get a high speed line along the east of England, but not today. Excellent as always B1M. (Rob UK)
the ppl protesting should not bother using it when it's ready....I saw a few of them....we watching 🤣
Going over budget for a U.K. infrastructure project isn’t a bug, it’s a feature. How else will the U.K. government’s friends & family make an obscene profit at public expense?
Wouldn't have been easier to just improve the existing rail lines? It's like trying to reinvent the wheels.   Using the existing rail lines . would be cheaper, and also safe the environment and private  properties.
The chinese would probably make it with 1/3 of the budget
I worry that although it will make housing easier in London it will make housing prices in the midlands climb even more, and already the house prices are climbing at a rate faster than wages. Theres also the issue with wrecking the countryside around me, but that's already ruined so no point complaining about it now.
Build it. The efficiency of the population would increase incredibly. Think Japan but closer centres.
If it was supposed to be. Levelling up or bringing the country together to boost the poorer the North. Why did they start building it from south to north instead of north to south?
In France, we have a saying: "The first to protest against a project will be the first to like it when it's done." Now the question is: does UK, a small country compared to others, really needs such a fast railway? I'd argue that a modified classical line with swinging trains would be enough unless it poses timetables problems. Some demolitions would have to take place to enlarge the existing lines but it would be nowhere as humongus as the project now. Also, if you really commit to such a project, scaling it down, over and over to wisthand the costs will only make people evenmore angry because they will feel scammed. Given the benefits, you have every interests to see it done COMPLETELY. Politicians fear to lose their hot seat so much that they cave into the public demands to spend less money, despite the future interests of the people. Had I've been Prime Minister, I'd be happy to lose my seat if it meant the project being done in its entirety. As for the costs involved, it is common knowledge that the costs are vastly underestimated just to get the approval. So when the government tells you about a project, don't be surprise, multiply the figures by at least 50% to 200% to get a better estimate and that shouldn't stop you to approve a project if it is worthwhile.  Now I'm waiting for the same kind of video on other projects... A deeper sight of the Grand Paris Express would be nice.
Makes California's look not so bad! 😂
Magna Carta 1215 all our governments money 💰 are a lie! The Sovereign Free human beings who own the domain of the earth 🌏 not criminal governments grimanal private owned federal reserve 💰 correct money will be owned by the state the people not the pedofile elite.
Very confusing documentary.  Necessity is always created by financial motives while the people who suffer have to pay for these political and financial mafias.
Oh no! The railroad will cost up to 1000 per citizen!  Anyway we are going to raise the utility bill limit by IDK 50% or something because we feel like it.
UK should have hired China to build their rail system.................UK what a joke
Host Fred Mills could have been speaking about the sad story of California's attempt at HSR to connect the 2 major economic regions of my state, the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles megalopolis.  Woefully underbudgeted, stratospheric cost over-runs, uncompleted route land acquisition, two unbuilt tunnels (one being the longest in the entire USA), and repeated extensions of any future completion date, almost ensure abandonment of the original goals.
As someone who advocates for @TheVenusProject one question really needs to be answered, Do you have the resources for the project!? 🤔 In the video, it sounded odd hearing people care about the old trees and other life forms then get upset about that added cost!? 🤔🤔
"Carbon-free".  Powered by magic!
how about the north south line in / under  Amsterdam ?
All high speed train lines have faced opposition but eventually proved to be worth the investment, idk why people like to bitch about infrastructure so much because it's vital
One thing said.....it will improve and save lives.  To Hell with deadly car centricism. Yes, I live in America.  We are enslaved to big auto thanks to the auto robber barons who give the middle finger to  the masses. Auto deaths are an epidemic here. High speed rail and public transportation with bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure all the way baby!!!!!!
and attracting more tourists !
The axing of the Golborne Link without any substitute is deeply damaging to the north of England and Scotland, creates a major bottleneck in the heart of the northwest, and will lead to much needed capacity on the new line going unused. The project also gives the impression of being over-engineered due to the extreme high speed specified and elements where design isn't final ought to be considered for a lower top speed. Nonetheless the country needs extra rail capacity -- lots of it.
Another great presentation   It's incredibly difficult to remain impartial in an argument that, most definitely, will have an impact on your life, however, this video proves that it's possible.  HS2 will have an immediate impact on local and national economics. The wealth of London causes so many issues in the region that the only way it can continue to function is if it is spread further into the Isles. If not we risk a "city state" that discriminates against it's workers.  The cogs must be part of the engine, otherwise it backfires
They could also build one long line instead of having branches. Having branches decreases the ridership and thus frequency per line, in addition to costing more. One 225 mph line from Londen, to Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, Newcastle, Edenborough, and Glasgow. For connecting Liverpool, Sheffield and York to HS2, they could look at upgrading existing lines to 125 mph, if possible.
HS2 contains a major expensive flaw at the London end. It's expensive, extravagant and destructive terminus at Euston should never have been built as such. Instead it should have continued from an underground station   in a tunnel through to South London via maybe Waterloo intermediate stations and on to the South coast. It should also have branched at Euston to link up with HS1.  The absurdity of the Euston terminus floodinng the Underground there with changing passengers contradicts the principle of Crossrail whereby terminal pinchpoits are relieved.
Northern tax payers paying for the souths improvement.
We don't even need it, just need to upgrade the system we already have. It will only benefit London and probably grow London.  In Holland and Canada the can actually move established trees and replant them somewhere else. Another thing that should be happening.
BRITAINS HAVE LOTS TO LEARN BUT NOT FOR THE NEXT 10 GENERATIONS. SORRY........
If a few billion were spent on making and buying better boring machines (prize-based, rather than the government just pouring money into contractor's pockets), the whole thing could be underground, and constructed 10x faster.
Never be finished now Massive recession is here and a 30 year depression after!! What a waste of everything!!
Exciting project, Jobs that require you to work in the horrible costly cramped cities will actually allow solitude far away, Let's get it done!!!
Subtitles are a disaster. 25:55 Stalled / Starts.
Britain is a joke, until recently led by a clown. How many thousands of kilometres of high speed track and stations has China built while Britain talks the big talk but hasn't finished ONE line!
HS2 -Horse sheet 2
Awesome! Better than the Silk Road of China.
Not built from taxes, the money comes from the bond market, please stop with the tax line.
How long does it takes to equal carbon saved from 'Carbon free travel', to the output from the millions of hours of usage of thousands of diesel machines,  used in building this?
Euston, we have a problem
Why is not the lost economic potential of the citizens wages lost to taxation never considered? One thousand Pounds a head to get to Leeds twenty minutes faster is fiscal insanity.
All this to save 30 minutes
I thought my trousers were never going to dry with your opening statement never do projects come bigger than this! What you conveniently forgot to mention is that in the time the UK has been planning HS2,  just 200km. China has constructed 40000km of high speed rail,  with an additional 30000km by 2035 completing a total of 70000km. Currently, Beijing to Shanghai 919 miles in 4 hrs for £25.41. Ya really shud ga ant work int mill. With the spin you put on HS2. Which in world terms is a  rather puny project.
It's baffling watching that lady cry about sustainability and opposing high speed public transport.
i take my local train, 3 stations later, in hop onto the ICE and leave the train in central Switzerland....!
Huge white elephant even more now with people working from home. We already have 2 rail lines to Birmingham from London now there’s 3 crazy 😜
Biggest headache known to man.?
29:18 I have walked past that junction before for my dofe and the viaduct being built on the right is absolutely impressive. Even if it is hugely expensive, the scale really is massive and it's awe-inspiring
Awesome video
The idea that you can commute further afield is great, any idea who will be paying the fares ? we already have the most expensive rail system in the world
England IS the country that had a man with a red flag running ahead of cars, so it does have a tradition of trying to stop progress.
I found this documentary absolutely fascinating. Very, very well done, everyone. This is something to be proud of.
A superb doc' but although i am mega pro-rail this money could have opened up many closed lines that are needed now ,take Ripon ,a city with NO rail connection.The HS2 line was already there as such  the old GCR  straight up to Sheff' ,it could have branched south of Leicester to Brum'   taken a modified line along the woodhead route to Manny then north of Sheff on the Midland route to Leeds and York .Also why do these new lines take so long to build ? the main lines back in the late 1890s were built in a fraction of the time this is taking and they didn't have the modern machines doing the donkey work ,sounds like jobs for the boys to me .
We went through something similar in Puerto Rico. I see a LOT of similarities in how the government does business. It is used , but never to the levels that they promised. Overpaid, under delivered. Building companies got fat on our taxes.
£1000/person is the wrong figure for a project that should be amortized over 100 years of benefit at least.  So £10/person for 100 years is a better cost figure.  Unfortunately no CO2 pollution reduction figures we're presented but I would expect it would be significant and worthwhile.
Basically speaking, the longer the project drags on, the more expensive it will be.
I live in the US and never head of this before but it’s very interesting. I hope it does get completed and eventually that line to Leeds and Scotland gets added as well. Here in USA the infrastructure is getting very old and there is not enough political cohesion to invest in new projects. But they are absolutely necessary for a nation to continue to develop and advance.
Stunning visuals, excellent editing, thorough, balanced content.  This piece should win an award.
FAHRT!
PALM ISLANDS II
Bloody amateurs !! No experience building such things....
All that money to save only 37 minutes. Insane!
Fantastic video,..taking in all angles,...well done,...💚
But you did not take time to contrast how Big HS rail projects are completed in China... Sad.
UK DOES NOT HAVE THE COMPETENCE TO BUILD ANYTHING TO TIME AND BUDGET. ITS BEST ENGINEERS ARE WORKING ABROAD WHERE THEY ARE PROPERLY REGARDED AND REWARDED.  On ... I wonder ... has anybody checked signal compatibility yet ??? Oh .. we learnt from cross rail ... ha ha ha ....
Classic UK ways of doing things.
If you want to travel between London and Birmingham  (or Manchester for HS2B), it sounds great. I, however, don't live near either. So I'm paying for it but will never see any direct benefit. The idea that travel will be speeded from further north is unlikely to be valid as I'll now have to change trains in Birmingham (or Manchester), wiping out any time savings. I wonder if that's also true for most people living near the line. If I lived in Bristol then there is no way it would be any direct benefit. Either it should be extended or the £100bn should have been used to improve what we have.
Replanting trees to reduce the environmental impact of the project only works if they plant different types of trees. No point planting the same tree. Diversity of plants is key
HS2 will be a huge waste of money IF they only do phase one. The real benefits will be on the northern areas.  As for the environmentalists, you can’t eat your cake and have it too - how can we move away from cars & carbon without new infrastructure?
new rail always helps.  the HS2 money is better spent on EU membership fees.  in their place i would build fast or express trains on each rail line.  express trains skip quieter stations along the route.
No matter the market value of somebody's house. If you are being forced to move you should get double or triple the value for the inconvenience and lack of rights in the matter.
Never been on a train and only seen one passenger train.
Great documentary, thank you very much Fred and all the team!
Bloody democracy- brigadier pratap
For the cost of HS2 the entire UK intercity network could have been upgraded (depending on which set of figures for HS2's budget you use)
Mark my words, HS2 will be the largest economical disaster from a spending project that Britain has EVER seen. It won't benefit Britain, only London. Half of the projected network runs on existing lines and it'll be at a severely reduced speed. The original plan for 250mph trains wasn't only cut, but by the time HS2 is complete, the world will have faster trains. It's a pathetic vanity project that completely erased the chances of spending £100bn on light rail, better services, improved infrastructure and more. The ECML and GWR etc could benefit from bypass tunnels right? Most of the GWR from London to Reading can handle speeds in excess of 186mph already. What about Cornwall, Inverness, hell...even Pembrokeshire? Where is the benefit to bring in far-flung places. But hey, YOU can get to Birmingham 20 minutes faster.  And the worst part of it all?....more stations will be built, more trains, the journey time will increase and not decrease. Mark my words, we're fucked.
I have a solution, the biggest tube of grout to fill this hole back up. It will be the slowest train ( by the time it’s finished) to a place that few want to go, an amazing folly. Let’s fill it in now!
God I love NIMBYs
is it just me or are The B1M using an OST from FFIX as the BG Sound..
so ，waitting for next 50 years. probable, UK can take SNCF of France into . it's making more realized.
As someone who routinely rides a surface level train through what used to be a forest, I'm quite blown away that they would build an underground railway in the countryside.
Why is it that on the continent they casually build high speed rail all over the place with ease but in the UK they have thousands of setbacks?
London's metro is falling apart, every time I use its a coin toss on whether or not there will be a "signal failure" or any other similar issue that means I will inevitably be late. The current trains are actually decent and for the size of the country seem sufficient but run on very old infrastructure with most lines still running diesel engines. Not sure HS2 will actually be beneficial (should it actually be completed - which I doubt, most likely like every other big project in UK it will be an Half  assed 50% completion of the original proposal ) I probably would have focused more on increasing current services than actually building a whole new line but alas, sometimes it's easier to start anew than repair old infrastructure
Honestly I was appaulled by HS2 before watching this video, and to now be undecided, I'm quite frankly impressed. You've created a great and a far more neutral video that ever provided by the mainstream media. I really do hope all benefits outweigh all costs in the end. Thank you
One thing that would level up the north, in my opinion anyway, is not another connection to London, but a high speed or at least a faster connected between the northern cities. For example a fast route that connects Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield, York, and Hull
I want HS2 done in full. The problem lies with the UK government and their sheer incompetence. They scaled back HS2 to the point where they've scrapped more than half of the project but the costs only keep skyrocketing.
We have a high speed tilt train in Queensland Australia that runs form the capital Brisbane to the country town of Rockhampton. 628 kilometres apart. Population of Queensland is about 4 million people. What are you lads worried about with 65 Million people.
I watched this video, then Youtube recommends me this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GRhGvMJHkA
And due to the spiralling costs, hs2 will never get beyond Birmingham. another bloody folly.
Biggest waste of money ever. London elite emptying the till as usual.
Print more money and makes value less until bankruptcy then we take even more  from you.
This video is one if not thee best video on hs2 or any high speed rail. Exceptional video.
100.000.000 each week for 20 years is way too low. Projected cost is 98 billion pounds now, 67.2 million Brits --> 1460 pounds per British person, not 1000.  98 billion might be about 100 million a week for 20 years but that totally ignores interest and lost other investment possibilities. 200 million a week is much closer to the truth. And ofc the project won't stay on budget.
100 BILLION to save 20 minutes on an existing service  for people that can afford it. As we now realise ..many people can work from home and also use zoom for meetings !  My suggestion was to create 80 (at the time) 1 billion pound industries in various parts of the country (not cities) to use local labour to produce products UK needs using UK based raw materials (ideally)   This creates a socio-economic positive situation in every aspect....and makes us more independent on the vagaries of foreign suppliers.
Taxpayers money building infrastructure n railway way better then wars and  killing children
15:36 .... the whinging ' English person ' is well and truly alive .... 34 football pitches ... ....far more lost to housing ..... but let NO ONE mention that
Wanting to be European champion in running while limping behind the pack for decades.... How could it ever go wrong? This seems more a supply line to London to me than a way to improve the rest of the UK.
What a complete load of bollocks - complete waste of money!
HS2 will probably end up as the 21st century version of Concorde, a huge project carried out for mainly political reasons (levelling up) that will never provide sufficient ROI. The total cost, unless they cut back even further, will likely be closer to £200bn. I think the money would have been better spent improving current infrastructure, but cancelling now would be the worst option - a total waste of money. Oh well, at least it's been scaled back from the original plan to something more realistic.
The victorians built railways through treacherous bogs across rivers, firths, estuaries, and did it without all the machinery that they have now, nowadays they have to make a fanfare out of it, personally I don’t think there’s any need for it forget about the cost of making it what about the cost of upkeep, the cost of fares will be only for the rich the working class will be priced out of it, as usual a folly for the well off
I really don’t understand backlash like this.  Infrastructure projects rarely ever stay on budget but almost never end up being a bad investment.  I think the major thing that people don’t realize is that this is their tax money that is actually doing something, it isn’t just being pocketed or used to pay for new parliament chairs.
finnaly a face reveal
🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁🎁 very nice beautiful ❤️
1.4 billion Chinese are gonna laugh so hard watching how Brits fails because almost every single kilometres there will be complains from the citizens
Great programme. As for the cost.... every year you delay the project, the cost will increase correspondingly. If the UK had followed France's lead & built this line in 1981, it would have been well used until now, and it's cost would be chicken feed in comparison.  Do it now.. It'll never be cheaper..   2nd Thought, I trust that the rail lines will be the same width as the European ones..? HS trains require much upgraded & wider lines compared to conventional rail.
Teslas moving through tunnels can take you from door to door without waiting on other passengers with no stops you do not want to make.
Why not Tesla's Boring Company?
Solid documentary but Govt officials need to  cost  a project properly
Maybe if you had built it the same time as Europe. It would be cheaper. lol.
High speed rail in any country only benefits the people that have access to it.. yet everyone that pays taxes must be forced to design , build and indirectly support it.. thank God.. the United States is a representative republic..
Well, HS2 still seems to be doing a lot better than CaHSR Project which has yet to complete the "easy" section in the Central Valley before starting construction in the mountains to connect to the Bay Area or Southern California. Has the B1M done a video on the Brightline intercity rail projects in Florida or California?
They creating projects and taking % of profit from the project..  Public money is easy to collect by tax 😁🤣
I love how they keep talking about carbon as if this isn't going to produce carbon emissions. Where does your electricity come from?
I wish Canada had enough demand for a high speed rail between Toronto and Ottawa. And one day beyond from coast to coast
As for the cost-benefit, high speed rail appears to be oversupplied and thus not worthwhile.  As far as I’m aware it only makes sense when both ends of the line are in megacities or at least one megacity and one 5m-or-so population city, and within 500 miles of each other, such that the Tokaido Shinkansen and the Paris-Nice LGV are the only two high speed rail lines in the world that are economically viable.
Why is it taking an eternity when China can build a network of hs rails of 40,000 km covering the whole country in lest than 15 years?
All that to only gain 20 odd minutes on your journey, WoW ! Knowing the UK, it will be so expensive, not enough people will take it.
Very impressive documentary, congratulations to the team who made it, exceptional quality and much appreciated.
An immense and colossal waste of taxpayers money! Whoever has calculated the costs need to be put in prison for the rest of their entire lives!
For the distances involved, 225mph isn’t hugely valuable over 150 mph. More value is good links to local and regional lines
I guess the US isn't the only place that has trouble building needed trains.
All this reveals is how useless a monetary system is at adapting our species in alignment to natural processes of evolution.  Most of "England" shall be flooded in the winter & scorched in the summer by 2041. And they think that wearing top hats, travelling to offices & earning a living is how to deny the future by reliving the past?   All the people in this video reading their lines for some good old propaganda do not seem to comprehend what is going to happen & how fast. They seem to think that Late-stage Capitalism will forever remain in it's last stage!   This is going to hurt many who are deluded as to the Science! My goodness!
IF Karl Scwaub and the WEF decide your a "naughty boy" then you will never use it.  Why didnt they buld a HYPERLOOP!!  ahahhahahahahaahhaahahahahaahhhahahaha
Yeah the mistake was starting from London. Let's prioritize the most expensive per mile portion. They probably should have started from Glasgow. People do the same thing when discussing high speed rail in the US. They all focus on the asoa express in the Northeast. Or through the most expensive real estate in California. Meanwhile between the Mississippi River and California there are many cities that are in the Goldilocks zone for High-Speed Rail between 200 and 700 miles apart with mostly government-owned land or Farmland between them. These projects really need to start looking at the cost per mile and getting the low hanging fruit done first. We try to do the hardest bits that in many ways are the least suitable for High-Speed Rail and then it fails and goes over budget and nobody believes in high speed rail anymore. The high-speed rail from San Francisco shouldn't be headed towards Los Angeles it should be headed toward Yosemite Las Vegas the Grand Canyon Zion's National Park Salt Lake City Denver Phoenix Etc. Instead they've decided to stop every 30 to 60 miles right through the heart of urbanized California. It's going to be over budget and it's not going to function all that well because nobody wants to train coming through their town if it's not going to stop. Let's focus on the low hanging affordable fruit then we can connect the more difficult sections to the network. That's the kind of thinking that is going to get high speed rail done. It's not going to get done by building the most expensive lines first.
So, how did they handle these problems in China… and why was it so much cheaper?
28:00 I though this was an odd estimate that didn't reflect the actual cost to individuals so I decided to caculate a rough estimate myself. Income tax in the UK is about 25% of the total tax revenue, and the top 1% of taxpayers pay coincidentally 25% of that. 100b / 25% / 75% = 18.75b then 18.75b / 67m heads = 280 per common person's income tax in single year. Not a perfect way to show the cost but I think better than what he put forward.
Guaranteed even worse overpopulation.
Worried about 34 football pitches? lol Brazil clears that much of the Amazon every 2 minutes.
Ask China about failed high speed projects.
Here in Brazil we have a lot of those promises. These are just excuses for the government to steal more money from the people.
Mass propaganda. It's got so many clown facets to it. Look at the world. I've tried writing perfectly decent comments on this page & never before seen a delete rate like it.
Very well done documentary.
We are in an era where society wants everything but does not want to give up anything in return. In this project, I can imagine people wanting better connections and less travel time, but at the same time demanding that projects like this line not be carried out. They seem to think you can have it all.
A stupid projects... why? Because its not connected to the existing highspeed line to france
The narrator's voice is GOLD.
Can yall produce a video showcasing Austin TX Future high rises?
What was his word to describe the project? “Stops”?
It's not like if hs2 isn't built in a week people[most of whom suffer from too much free time]will starve. Do yall want another china full of ghost towns,railways to nowhere & a holding company like CPC,run by a few authoritarians at the top. Reporting your channel for spreading dangerous ideas to the overlord
The money scheme reminds of that scene from Big Bang Theory where Sheldon as the university to solve string theory and asks for 20 million. The principle was surprised that he could do that for 20 million dollar. Sheldon than explains that the university is much more likely to give him an additional 50 million because they already invested 20 million. So, you're asking got 70 million? I see how you would think that but in order to save save from the board you have to double down. And repeat that double down a few times. (sunk costs fallacy explained in laymen terms)  I found the scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLF-8uiiTJ4  But it are these infrastructure projects why we need a government. Government is mostly tasks to facilitate 'things' that normally aren't profitable and therefor aren't performed by private companies. To keep the focus on the UK, the Eurotunnel was also over budget and multiple times delayed but is now doing okay.  It's funny that 'compulsory purchase notices' is called eminent domain in the US. Emiment domain sounds much nicer, don't you think?
Very good
It would be really interesting to do a video comparing the cost of massive infrastructure projects from the past to projects today. Things like bridges, existing rail networks, dams, power plants, water filtration and sewers, etc that we all rely on today and don't think about how much they cost previous generations dozens or hundreds of years ago.
This is the same country that has built tens of motorways, and they act like 1 high speed rail line is gonna end the world 😭
This train will be needed so when Russia  starts dropping bombs! All those in the city can run to the country side! 😂🤣😂🤣
It's funny how you say "the train has left the station" at the end as if there is no going back. There is a going back, ask residents of California. The high speed rail project kept deviating from the original plan even as tunneling and brings were built and the plug was pulled in 2017. It's now back, but in a horribly modified way. Imagine selling an LA to SF rail but having it terminate over 100 miles from LA? It's like saying London to Edinburgh but actually having it start in Birmingham. Complete joke.
I've to travel from Birmingham New Street to London Euston in the morning. The ticket cost me £ 55. That was cheap. Imagine what you'll pay for this when the final bill lands.
If Brexit taught me one thing, it's that the British public knows fuck-all about what is good for the country or how the country should be spending its money.
great delivery, sounds like Edinburgh Trams. Was that the new trains on site already.
As a Midlander, I will benefit from the HS2 BUT I firmly believe that it was supposed to be beneficial to the WHOLE of the UK and if it isn't going to be completed as planned for the north of the UK then it just a pointless waste of money.  It seems as though Westminster doesn't give a toss about the north of England and Scotland and this infuriates me!
The video didn't cover the impacts of construction, both the production of concrete and steel has not been taken into consideration. These have massive environmental impacts and will not be covered by the lifetime of use from diverting car and air travel. You fail to mention that 1 tonne of concrete produces 1 tonne of CO2.  You also fail to show how the entire system will be powered. Windmills? Solar? Does the UK have current capacity for that? Isn't it coal burning power stations that power the electric trains? It would have been more efficient to plant the trees so that they can absorb the CO2 of every flight made.  "To benefit millions, a minority has to pay a heavy price" That's easy to say when you are not the one affected. The majority of taxpayers had to pay 100bn pounds. The problem is proponents of this project are not footing the full bill nor are they feeling the effects of the massive spending - spending that could have been directed to the people in the north on smaller individual projects.  10:49 "So in a way the people chose this" That would be predicated on the notion of having a choice to begin with in the first place. The people did not choose this - it was chosen for us. PM Boris was picked for Brexit. The UK taxpayer had no ability to choose unlike the California High Speed Rail where the issue was specifically on the ballot. For this colossal task in terms of Money, time and resources, we should have been given the choice - for the record I would have voted No - and before anyone attacks me, I am based in London.  You make the bold predictions about jobs and economy without backing up any of these assertions with any data. There is no evidence that this will provide the benefit it's proponents keep espousing - UK is NOT Japan. The population of UK is much smaller - and you failed to give specifics on potential returns per year.  You made unsubstantiated claims as to how we will benefit. Which Jobs? Where? How will they be generated? You cited projects such as 'Three Gorges Dam' - that was actually needed to produce power. This is a train for travel only and given the true numbers, it is not THAT fast. Door to door will still take users some time to reach their destinations. You make the charge that living further away is possible however the train lines like these actually increase the cost of housing within proximity. Prices of houses skyrocket next to transport links effectively pricing out the poor - you fail to mention this.  It's a cheap trick to divide the cost by the total population - the one you were interviewing was intending to put it into easy to swallow form. He failed by the way - that method of attempting to rationalise a large expense is underhanded, condescending and arrogant. Let me remind everyone - 100 billion pounds. There was the comment that if the true cost had been revealed the ministers might have thought twice is an understatement - if it was known that 100 Billion pounds was going to be spent on this then it would have been rejected.  You try to justify that since overseas over budgeted projects then this should be treated no different - ALL projects should be treated with fiscal discipline. Completing no matter the cost is not acceptable given the fact that it is the public that has to fund this project and that not all who funded it will benefit. It is okay to cancel a project. You failed to state the many public projects around the world that went over budget and were cancelled.  100 billion pounds. Let that sink in. How many homeless could it have helped? If it was divided up and handed to Manchester, Leeds and Midlands wouldn't it have been spent more wisely in the North - not just another boondoggle for London. 100 billion pounds. It's just a train.
Not very much said about the reason all railways were originally built - freight - and building this line will free paths within the existing network, which will be used by the freight companies
Stop with the climate change woke nonsense. This railroad is a big mistake for you Englanders.
Meanwhile in Australia we do the opposite, sacrificing future generations to pay for projects today. The government in NSW/Sydney sold off/privatised power infrastructure in order to pay for new railline projects. I would have preferred they took on the huge costs without sacrificing future generations of government income & security, but they claimed it was "the only way" they could afford it
I didn't agree with HS2 before this video, now I strongly disagree with it (and that's coming from a civil engineer). Great video though! Very informative whilst showing both sides of the debate.
In the USA there is no high speed railroad network. A fast train is better airline travel on shortt routes and better then driving. UK does not have Rockies mountains and vast distances of USA and Russia Australia. Rail should be less expensive fares them air airlines need airports not main right of way like tairlines. They are trying to build high speed rail in California. By using Diesel engine one eliminate to cost electric line's
Americans are not at rail oriented but I believe such a railway system can benefit the US.  I'd like to see non-stop rail between major cities to reduce flights between them.  At 225 mph, it would be far more convenient.  But, alas, there is no will to create something like this.
The people campaigning against this have very specific objections, often which seem quite self-centric. Now obviously you have to try to protect yourself, or that which you own, or work for, or care for, but they do seem to be completely ignoring the benefits for the much larger group. What if Spock hadn't entered the Di-lithium chamber in Star Trek II .. where would we have been then, huh?!
Leeds looked a lot more prosperous and beautiful that all the talk of the disadvantaged north would have me believe.
Didn’t dartford bridge get built with public money and the government aligned with powerful people sold it off to a French company, then pocketed the money.
HS2 is a huge waste of money as well as a wasted opportunity. The true benefit of a new line is capacity, not speed. Many seem to agree on this point but appear to like the idea of something shiny and fast - the problem is this causes costs to balloon. It will also exacerbate the London centric model of creating wealth whereby as long as you can get to London you can earn a decent living.  An alternative might have been to provide another, standard, line from Birmingham to London and then spent big on infrastructure connecting the cities of the North and Scotland. A concerted plan to create a counterweight to London could work in the long term and would benefit the whole country - London included.
Couldn't they call China coz Chinese engineers could do the entire job way at a way cheaper cost?
When it was proposed to build an underground railway from Paddington Station to Faringdon in the mid-19th century the Times newspaper described it as 'an insult to all common sense'. How would have London, indeed the UK, fared had the underground system not been built?
like how do you not know how to calculate stuff. and everytime i watch stuff like this, they never even hit their mark. it's always off by like hundreds of billions. and always late. just write a blank check and be like we'll get it done when we get it done. like it was SUPPOSED to cost only 30 euro, now it costs a million, and we're behind schedule by like a century. am i lying?
Odd that you, and most media, claim it started as a no brainer when even the graph that you have included of public opinion shows that the objectors have always far outweight this in favor...?
The carbon budget for projects like this is insanely high.  It would be better to investigate programs to cease the swelling population growth...you cannot eat a train or a trestle.
We seem as a species unable to recognize the creation of projects that consume huge amounts  of resources for their construction followed by a long term energy consumption. These systems represent a long term demand for large amounts of carbon energy.  How do you call large scale energy consumpion..."decarbonizing." Every time I hear the word in this description I say, "I don't think it is possible to increase energy consumption  on a geometric scale for construction and later operation without a whole flock of alternatives which would dwarf the rail project."  They talk about budgets and never mention just HOW they intend to "decarbonize" this project. They are going to have to chop down the forest to make way for the monstrous wind power arrays to power the high energy operation.  China has a lot of similar growth that will eventually bankrupt their environment.
first, they need to pay the railway people more, there is no point in increasing the railway network when the people operating it strike every year.
Hey U K. I think it’s a good idea. Do it
It still won't be high speed in a heatwave LMAO. The UK is building yesterday's railway technology tomorrow when people no longer want to use public transport after the last few years. HS2 doesn't even go in a straight line between major cities. If anything it will only benefit London and the South East and cause brain drain to the Midlands and North. Spectacular waste of money that will never be repaid. Nobody will be able to afford the tickets for it especially given the high price of electricity now. You have to do tremendous backflips and gymnastics to say that the British people voted for this. We did not!!! As you mentioned only seven percent strongly support it. It is a false premise that it will benefit millions. It will end up costing a quarter of a trillion pounds. Is that really worth it? Meanwhile, other countries like Japan, China, and even the US are working on next-generation railways that don't suffer the same problems while we are looking at wasting so much money on an outdated railway that other nations had half a century ago. HS2 is a big white elephant.
With stuff like this in today's age if you don't build it fast everyone turns against it eventually. This railway took a decade just to begin construction! Wth! And now they're cutting lines all over the place. I hope they finish it at least.
This video was nicely done. Well thought out and produced well.
24 m per day is not a lot. It will take 10 years to cut 80 km.
This is an incredibly frustrating project.   Do I strongly oppose HS2? Yes.  Can I see the economic benefit? Yes.  Just build a normal railway to enhance capacity. HS2 is totally overengineered and is simply a status emblem for the UK government.
These trains will run empty, as no jobs for any one to go to.
Vanity project using 100 year old ideas.  A fraction of the budget could have been used to build Airships and city terminals. Modern and Innovative. Or do work from home with a laptop and a packet of Hob-Nobs.  110 billion for a train ! when we already have trains. We are led by Donkeys.  Anyone read the Magna-Carta lately ?.
A total waste of money for me at least. I (and many others) live at least 5 hours and 300 miles north from the northern most stop. I always laugh when they say Manchester is the North. I'd also like to know what Scottish money is being spent on this. Not Scottish Government money obviously, rather Scottish taxes that go to WM. HS2 is very likely one of the many things that WM over spends money on to claim that Scotland is in 'debt' while not benefiting Scotland at all. Together with Trident and other wasteful projects, it's all a colossal waste of money that helps sell the idea that Scotland is too poor and too small to go it alone. The more the UK spends on the South East, the stronger the Indy argument gets.
best video your team has done!
19:32 your estimate didn’t include land conditions? That’s so unprofessional. Not sneaky, just stupid. How’d you estimate cost if you couldn’t verify conditions to lay your tracks on and under? This is insane.
given the argument that the voters are partly responsible for this project and the project (scheme) is shrouded in turmoil is not surprising.  one needs only to look at the recent brexit fiasco to see that the electorate is typically ill-prepared to make decisions with regards to leadership.  unfortunately the uk is not the only country saddled with this problem.
Can you do a video on the LIRR / Penn Station Reconstruction??
Really love this video. I'm in the AEC field and the depth and nuance you go into is fascinating. Always loved transit, and it has been a goal to work on stations across the globe in my career. You reafffirm this passion of mine.
Only benefits London and the southeast, why not start in Sheffield Leeds Manchester. It is in essence a rich man's railway.
People just don't understand how great the benefits in the future will be from big projects like this. Think how many people were opposed to the Euro Tunnel, and how huge the benefits from it have been.
No high speed rail makes money.
I'm getting really sick of environmentalists being essentially anti-everything. The idea of halting something that might make it possible to reduce our current travel carbon emissions while growing economic activity should be something any real environmentalist can get behind. Holding it up because you're sad about an old tree or you're just some Karen NIMBY makes you a twat, not an activist.
Big public funded projects create jobs? Yes its £100bn but what is the split between the actual material cost and taxable individual incomes it generates? Surely that should be factored in when measuring the true cost and long terms benefits?
Are they putting HVAC in the tunnels or just repeating the mistakes of the 1800s? 🤣
Could say the same thing about a metro system under my Capital city Amsterdam. Over budget and time...but now it's done back in 2018....no talk (nags) about it....it's there.
It will be privatised, overpriced, and as always, not enough carriages.
When the government can straight up buy your house by the cheaper price there is that’s when you know you messed up
Nobody will complain about the cost and hassle of building HS2 once it's up and running and providing a superior public transport service to millions. Also, those invoking climate change as an argument to stop building high speed rail are quite frankly insane!
Brilliant!!! Many thanks
Why are we spending £100billion on outdated transport. These trains no matter how advanced will use more energy and create more noise pollution than 90 year old technology. Which happens to be a great deal faster and safer. Maglev could see phase 1 traveling times of 20 minutes for London to Birmingham. Due to how Maglev is built it doesn't carve a barrier through the countryside. There's no steel wheels on steel roads to create vibrations and sound. Buckling tracks in hot weather would not happen as there are no steel rails. We can switch to Maglev still using the infrastructure being built and changing the future build. Maglev is safer, having only one accident ever, on a test track, safety equipment could be turned off and was. This allowed a car to strike a crane. Trespassing is not possible due the route being in the air on elevated platforms, with a support every 60m. Switch to Maglev, contact your MP.
Utterly ridiculous, it has minimal benefit to the UK as a whole, it will bring zero benefit unless it can cover at least 300-400km. It is planned to end more than 200 miles south of my country.
They spent nearly £400billion on the jubilee line... No one complained...  It would be much cheaper as a maglev transrapid.  Its a mistake to exclude cargo.  Cargo and mail would help pay this off three to four times faster
Funny how these bullet trains that are supposed to help always are a complete waste of money
Britain has high speed train. Sorry can’t travel today due to: hot weather, cold weather, strong winds, someone on the track, staff on strike, signal failure, cables down etc
Production quality and journalism displayed here is top tier - beating or exceeding the likes of Panorama. An excellent, focussed and informative piece with a great presenter. Excellent stuff - looking forward to seeing more.
Some 'environmentalists' are just NIMBYS
It will cost, but that is no surprise. The future will be happy.
For an economy to move up they need to produce something. HS2 and the likes of them are meant to connect producers and buyers . Unless we know about this fundamental fact we will not be able to say whether HS2 is good or bad.
Efficient mass transportation is a necessity and necessary to a growing population, it's better to be prepared and invest now than suffer the consequences later.
Although massively over priced, this is the kind of infrastructure development the UK desperately needs. The objections to this are anything but intelligent, given that its electric and we have such a huge renewable energy resource, it would benefit green solutions. Yes the construction of this is throwing lots of carbon into the atmosphere, but in the long run would be offset. Planes are many years off electric or renewable carbon neutral systems. Which is burning the earth at unprecedented  rates, given the current drought and weather madness, we are desperate for carbon neutral solutions. I hope that all of the original routes get completed, unlike the electrification of the West Wales routes which were cancelled.
Highspeed bullet train technology isn't cheap. You're constructing a modern marvel of engineering. Like many countries who surpasses the United States of America in this great category of transportation, you will improve your infrastructure greatly. Money, trust and believe that the government has thrown money away in many things in the past. Take a look at Japan and china who are constructing trains that run on magnetic energy called maglev super trains. These trains travel at speeds of up to 350 pluss miles per hour. China's new maglev train travels at speeds of up to 374 pluss miles per hour. Now how do they do it? How much does this cost? What do they have that everyone else dosent? Be glad UK that you're getting a highspeed Bullet train. Here in the mighty United States of America,  bullet trains are the new american dream.
If there is already a rail line on this route but it's at capacity...why not just build the new rail line next to it?
A diamond-encrusted, 24-carrat gold ball and chain.
The UK taxpayers are paying for something that  does not benefit the majority of them, does it help anyone in Wales, Scotland, NI, Newcastle, Hull, York. It's a money pit.
The world has a lot to learn from China when it comes to execution of ideas.
Please Make Video on  Mumbai Nagpur Prosperity Highway  Mumbai Nagpur High Speed Railway Delhi Mumbai Expressway Mumbai Metro Network   @B1M
A great and balanced view on HS2. Well made and the creator(s) should be very proud of their work.
It's ridiculous that Scottish and Welsh tax payers are paying anything for this as they won't get any benefit from it at all
Define insanity! Building tunnels for old trees is insane. The CO2 footprint, will change the climate enough to kill the trees in no time.
Lets spend £100bn on a project that saves 20mins for 5% of the population that use a train.  Nice one
IF CHINA DID THIS PROJECT IT WOULD HAVE BEEN FINISHED 2YRS AGO UNDER BUDGET
Hey Fred— how long does it take to create, produce, edit and shoot a video like this? It truly is wonderful. Thank you 🙏🏼
I love the video about the crazy father and son who invented “tunnel boring” because of the need to go under the Thames River in the 1880’s or 1890’s. Anyone know who I’m referring to?
as with most big government projects, it doesn't get anywhere near the north, why do i have to pay for it?
Why would you facilitate the moving around of obese inbred people carrying muffins and nokias on their way to nan's to steal some silver ~ just build a wall around London and cut the rest of the country off from petrol and electricity. Humbug. I am a proud resident of SoHo and I would like to see government money going to our legendary museums and monuments; not the advancement of barbarians.
10:48 Wholly misleading. People didn't choose the current HS2 project at the current massive cost overrun.
This should have been an extension of hs1, but London government changed its terminus so no one north of London could benefit. This has and will continue to be cut back so only the south east sees benefit.
No one complains about the canals cutting through the landscape today, no one will complain about HS2 in 200 years either.
100 Bn Waoh!  A White Elephant indeed. England would need it's Empire Raj for 6months to afford HS2. OR ask the Chinese or Indians to finish the project at half the cost and in under 5yr  time without tea breaks & British wages.
Can you afford to ride it ? Also now we work from home ,do we need it ?
I hate HS2, it's a massive bureaucratic nightmare because of the Network Rail influence. It's too many chiefs, not enough Indians. They've gone thru constant reorganisations and redesigns, which means more money.  I know this from my career.
They need to build a HYPERLOOP instead of this nonsense.
How are the “millions of trees planted” doing in the current drought? This a such a disgracefully wasteful project that uses completely false environmental arguments to justify its existence. (#Greenwashing)
33:23 where is it? So picturesque!
100 years from now, no one will remember all the setbacks and costs.  High-speed rail is essential in cutting petroleum usage.  It has to be done.
A real education. Apparently animals are now plants.
who cares what people think, build it anyway, only thing i hate about democracy all the red tape i miss the old days where things could just get done with no fuss
There’s a big difference between spending decisions by a Government versus a private sector company on a big project, namely the cyclical nature of spending, income and taxes. This $100B will primarily be spent locally in the UK, on labour, equipment and land purchase - with immediate financial benefit to the receiver, who pays tax on this income and generally will go on to spend the bulk of the rest (locally in the UK for the most part) allowing the cycle to continue. So the cost of this project not only returns infrastructure with future potential, but represents investment in people and the economy today (to the broad benefit of the tax payer footing the initial bill).
They should hire China to build it. They will finish it in no time. Those that China has already built years ago are on terrains much more complicated. This will be a piece of cakes for them.
Meanwhile America vomits away $50B to neonazis in Ukraine ....
The graft and corruption involved in a project like this, is spectacular!
It's incredibly hard to believe they chose TUNNELING over just cutting a 30m wide path through a forest ??? The environmental benefit of HSR is way higher than the tiny right of way it requires compared to roadway.
Great video, guys.  When President Eisenhower first promoted the idea of having the country connected by a system of limited-access, high-speed highways ("super highways", back then) it was probably difficult to imagine.  Bit-by-bit, year-by-year, the system came to be and now it is difficult to imagine not having it.  Personally, I would like to see a much better passenger rail system here in the U.S., but it was the highway system that really needed to be built.  These things take time and the realization of benefits is a very long-term proposition.  Another pie-in-the-sky idea on my wish list is to have a bicycle-friendly infrastructure within all of our cities; one that would compare favorably with that of the Netherlands.  Maybe someday...
Either talk about who's making money on this project or stfu.
Notice how they throw tidbits to the people (it's got a curved roof!) while in fact it's all about doing for bankers in London (only an hour to my country estate!). It won't lower housing costs, it will raise them wherever the train goes. It's foolish. Trains are bullshit, thousands of tons of infrastructure to move hundreds of people. Boris Johnson eh? You could travel 130mph with computer controlled electric cars on existing roads and people could take their belongings and not have to find transportation at the destination.
Under the circumstances, HS2 is and always was, IMO, a complete waste of money.   When it was first announced, it was claimed that it'd reduce travel times between cities (fair enough) and would also offer internet connection so that people could work whilst on the train.    Which seemed a peculiar argument to me as if people can work via the internet on a train, then they can do so from home as well. Add to that, the cost of travelling by rail long distance in the UK is so high that only the already wealthy can afford it. as a reguar thing  So who was this project supposed to be benefitting again?   Now, I am not against infrastructure projects, far from it. Old infrastructure needs to be maintained or replaced, and occasionally new infrastructure needs to be built if the extant system is overloaded. I simply do not see the point of HS2. Particuarly when there's been a far more pressing need, this last several decades, to reshape agriculture and rewild as much land as possible, to help combat climate change and ecosystem collapse.  It's all very well encouraging people to eat less meat (because it's a very inefficient way of feeding people), but you can't just throw livestock farmers under a bus.   The billions spent on HS2 could be supporting farmers to change to ecologically more sound farming practices, as well as public education campaigns to encourage people to shift towards plant-based diets and away fro eat-eating, extra money to the NHS, education and the Armed Forces (particularly the army).  Then there's things like the water infrastructure. OK, so some level of leakage is inevitable,  but from what I;v heard, the leakage losses in some parts are enormous.  Consideration on ways to dimiinsh evaporative losses would be good too, the more so as we are likely to be in drought conditions more and more often. Research into how to create buildings that require as litte power for cooling during heatwaves as possible, as well as research into personal cooling devices could be encouraged.   All of which is far more important than reducing the travel time between London and the rest of the UK.  Economic benefits of HS2? So far as I can see, they all assume "business as usual" (and even then I don't find them that convincing), but climate change means that business won't be as usual. Warmer wetter winters, and hotter drier summers with less predictable weather will cripple agriculture, greatly reducing its ability to feed people both in terms of numbers of people and the reliability of supply. So investment in things like vertical farming is needed on a large scale and should have been started years ago. If the populace cant be adequately fed, what follows as a result will be economic disaster,  whether HS2 exists or not.   I like trains, and public transport in general, I'd like to see more public transport and fewer cars on the road; more movement of goods by rail and less by lorry, where possible.  Heck, I even feel that we will probably need a few new modern nuclear power stations (Thorium hot salt, perhaps?) to ensure a stable base load is available.  So I'm no Luddite. It's just that the amount of money allocated to HS2 could have been better spent on stuff that , unlike HS2, is vital to stave off environmental and economic collapse.
At least you know what your tax money is being spent on meanwhile  here in the U.S our tax money only goes towards paying the interest on the debt our local governments and federal government incurs while the vast majority of people ( i.e useless propagandized idiots ) actually believe that it goes towards projects like this!
It makes me wonder why they didn't do this sooner. Britain is not very big.
I REALLY DON’T CARE ABOUT YOUR OPINION ON POLITICS. I MISS WHEN THIS CHANNEL WAS ONLY ABOUT CONSTRUCTION 🚧 🦺 🏗
It maybe worth the costs for a huge country like China.  For UK, not sure.
Britain cannot lag behind other countries in Europe. Once HS2 has reached Birmingham and Manchester. Undoubtedly other major cities will want it. These challenges have to met now before it's too late. Very interesting Fred and thank you to the BIM.
Wow this production quality is amazing
Wow 😯 their are corporations public and private, large LLC making off with millions of  pounds  from the tax payer project 🏦 this is so familiar and all the finger pointing🧐one the other hand you making history and building for future generations 😀 around the world 🌎
I laugh at B1M now. They are bullsh*t artists.  Even when they talk about infrastructure instead of conspiracy theories (see their Denver Airport video) stay conscious how devoid of actual engineering knowledge they are.   They create intellectual feeling videos without technical insight. This is well produced, glam clickbait.  If you want to be smarter, unsubscribe.
I wonder when will Americans will be  able to relate when Europe talks about highspeed rail or just good public transportation, riding a train is so much better than driving
Hs2 is totally uneeded too expensive and for what ? So rich people (Yes, RICH PEOPLE!! Because you have to be to afford a ticket.) can travel between London and scotland thirty eight seconds faster. NO THANK YOU.
Brilliant video guys.  You are absolutely one of the best channels on YouTube.  Seeing the similarities and differences between all of these massive rail projects (California, Stuttgart 21, Delhi and HS2) is really fascinating.
What an excellent essay.  I love how you showed both sides and mentioned of the outlook in the future  of the past.  Well done.  More of these!
How much will we pay!! Already overpriced fees on the existing ones!
as a Californian I never saw the high price benefit of the Fast Rail Line.     still don't.
given how railways have been privatised. (ding dong the witch is dead. :) ). why aren't the train companies putting money into this
it took Japan 5 years to build the entire Shinkansen. we're so fucking useless its gonna take 20 years
why couldn't they reverse the 1963 beeching cuts and give the towns their trains back instead of spending 100 billion to get you from London to Birmingham half an hour quicker
the  north ???? need glasses ? leeds scrapped
The odd thing is that these projects never come to the South West, even though the distance between London and the South West is similar and it's creaking at the seams.  You cant get from Bournemouth to Cornwall without going east to southampton change, then north west to Westbury or evan Bristol, and then south west Devon and Cornwall Including one stretch that ended up in the Englich Channel after a bad storm. By road isn't much better.
I'll never use it because I have no reason or desire to visit London for any purpose whatsoever. It will result in the price increase of country properties where I live when highly paid executives realise that they can commute down to London daily thereby putting the dreams of buying a home by local people even further out of reach.
honestly who the fuck cares if it loses money, shouldnt even matter when it comes to improving infastructure
This video was a really hard one to make..  Thanks, B1M. Even if there is less and less economic value there'is still a lot of jobs created by this mega-project
High speed trains consume more energy per mile than aircraft, destroy landscape and are inflexible. An economic and environmental disaster (they also take longer to get there). What is the attraction?
Where is HS1?
A lot of political people will get rich
No surprise. The new China economy runs on their super fast trains system, so can everyone else. The earliest the investment and construction the sooner the payout.
The real problem with our railways here in the UK is NOT speed . It is Capacity & Loading Gauge. Because Gt Britain had the earliest locomotive worked railway system in the World we have suffered from a very old infrastructure base. George & Robert Stephenson realised that the  railway was not some sort of "Sophisticated Canal"  Parliament however didn't really understand the new technology. Robert Stephenson did his best to build the WCML as well as he could in the 1830's.But he did not fully realise  how big rolling stock could be even on Std gauge 4' 8 & half"/1435mm  But because our railways were so early they were small.  With narrow and low carriages.  It is almost a truism to say that it was a good job early locomotives like 'Rocket' had such tall chimneys because if they hadn't the loading gauge would have been even smaller! Double Deck carriages are common in Europe and the US. The only double deck carriages in the UK on mainline use since WWII were two four car electric sets running from Dartford into London. These cramped and uncomfortable trains which were built to the limit of the loading gauge Being withdrawn in 1971. However because the loading gauge in Europe allows for higher and wider carriages double deck carriages are comfortable and pleasant to use.  Another issue is that in Europe and the US is that lorries can be easily loaded on flat bed bogies. As a result of this lorry carrying trains run for long distances ie Italy to Germany. In the US lorries are also carried for long distances.  This is impossible in the UK and HST 2 will allow lorry carrying trains keeping the lorries off the roads . Also HST will allow ordinary European freight rolling stock to opperate into the UK which will be very useful for rail freight. The  other issues is capacity.  The WCML is at maximum loading capacity. It is worth noting that most long distance trains stopped at Watford Junction. Now they don't because there is not enough time due to the line now running at near 100% capacity.  The real question should be  "Not Can We Afford To Build HST More Can We Not Afford To Build HST" It is also worth noting the problems that men like George & Robert Stephenson and I K Brunel faced in the 19th Century building the original lines. Thank you very much for a really interesting instructive video.
68 billion more than the initial money planned that not really worth it TBH  that's a lot of money that can do other things
MaSSivE FeATS oF ENGineeRiNGe!
An underground station in Manchester and a HS2 link to Leeds from there should be the next step. Video was fabulous. Thank you.
I live in northern England and I don’t know a single person who supports HS2
It will not be the fastest train in Europe! People keep saying that! Italy and Spain have trains just as fast in operation for more that 10 years.
Speaking of controversial railways: You should do a video on #Västlänken in Gothenburg, Sweden
Really good explanation of the political and economic factors behind construction projects.
Desperately boring propaganda to push a completely crazy and wasteful project which was out of date before it even started.........
France has an extensive High-speed train network, yet only the Paris-Lyon line is profitable. Investors are not interested in transporting people over long distances, they are interested about the possibility to transport goods quickly and cheaply.
Generally the biggest waste of money, but I could be wrong and I hope I am.
After this decisive conclusion, can we apply this to Saudi’s giga-project, Neom?  Btw, excellent job B1M!
NOTICE that we don't hear a damned thing about the $100 Billion Plus railway in California.  I haven't heard anything about this DEBACLE for years.
Remember that most of those 43 billions goes to workers salaries and local companies involved in its building this way promoting economic grow.
£100b or WFH 🤔
225 mph = 362 km/h  why is the speed mentioned in imperial measures when all the measurements in this video are in metric!  Be consistent!
This is what happens when you let your country be taken over by green communists. Where do you think the money for all of the protests is coming from??? Good luck, you are screwed.
The North .... Newcastle (being specific) is always forgotten about. No decent jobs and opportunities ... The media thinks the North is Manchester and Leeds. These areas to the borders is 167 miles of forgotten land (Level up) neglect more like it.
The time UK democratic government took to start the project is far more higher than China will need to complete project.
And having a car will still be way cheaper.
We are heading for the largest financial crisis since WW2. When that strikes HS2 will be largely abandoned. PS Birmingham has 2 rail routes to London, 1 to Euston and 1 to Paddington / Marylebone. The latter route is under used, but has a very good alignment. If it's desired to increase the capacity of the Euston route, this could be done by upgrading the Paddington route.
The UK needs to stop focusing so much money on London. It acts like a country within a country shocking up resources.
the working class won't be able to afford to live in London in the future it will be a city for the rich and the workers will have to commute from the midlands into London to work as peasants for the rich and the rich know this so are building this train track to accommodate their needs and they are doing this with the working classes tax money this is how Britain works the working class don't live in a democracy only the rich do, only their vote counts  the working class are just like the workers in an ant farm to the rich
As a German, I congratulate GB on this project! There‘ll always be naysayers, no matter which project. When I visited London a while ago, I was shocked that there were still tracks on the tube that were NOT seamless. Last time I had experienced this in Germany was in my early childhood, decades ago. A better infrastructure will benefit England, no doubt.
"Productivity goes up". Ah, is is what is needed in times of climate and biodiversity collapse? "Sustainable high speed rail"? No, per se high speed is not sustainable! Rather it's greenwashing.
The HS2 is a wonderful peice of construction and a necessary build to link major cities and reduce travel times. But like with most things, you get the old bag born in 1945 taking about waste of time and money! 🤦‍♂️
over here in germany we have basically given up on our railroads since the 90´s thanks to our very strong lorry lobby that supported many politicians here
They should just build it, generations of people will benefit from it and no one will complain when it's finished. Not building projects like this, is reason western countries lose against countries like China, where they have built an entire highspeed rail network out of thin air in 20 years.
And it only stops at east midlands parkway which is in the middle of fucking no where not even into centre of nottingham
i deliver to HS2 sites everyday there is so many staff on theses sites that we pay there wages to stand around  doing nothing. I spend 5 hours at a birmingham site because a crane driver didnt have a work order
People in Manchester completely supported HS2 until the idiotic decision was make the HS2 station here overground, and rip up half the city to deliver it. Not only that, but it totally removes the future-proof element of the project. The underground station would have been a future hub for new east-west Northern Powerhouse Rail links, and had the potential for expansion. London politicians will pay for tunnels to protect trees, but are happy to rip up half of one of the most important cities in western europe. They've slashed a few million off the cost of the project, but billions off of it's value.
Niothing against the engineering focus of this video but HS2 is such MASSIVE waste of money. Conceived as Tory vanity project before Covid-19 made everyone realise that it was far better to work from home or have a hybrid working arrangement. Even more of a white elephant at the present time in the UK which you consider the huge cost of living problems, high petrol prices £1.85 per litre, massive Govnerment debt already etc. The UK needs HS2 like a person needs a hole in their head...
enviromentalists: less cars, more trains also enviromentalists: oh no, not more trains!
what an incredible piece of work. Fantastic mini documentary, thorough and succinct. Although I agree with the overall idea of this project, the ballooning cost and neglect of the true north of England- York, Darlington, Durham, Newcastle, Cumbria show this project for what it really is- London-centric tory-lead vanity project
Modern train attempts remind me of old ocean liners. From occasional crossings with wooden ships eventually birth was given to proper ocean liners, first aiming to be the fastest and later evolving to be slower, bigger, more comfortable and more reliable running a set schedule. Ocean liners were then repurposed to cruise ships and replaced by airplanes as aviation caught on. And this feels to me like a similar evolution with trains. Trains came evolving to be more practical, more affordable, heavier, faster and more comfortable only to be pushed to the side lines by planes and cars. In places they still hold the top since they can provide better service than any other vehicle in those regions but there is a question if it isn't just the beginning of the end for the train, just like it was for horses and ocean liners.
I"m sure everyone thought in the US that the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways aka The Interstate Highway System was a giant waste of money when it was first built also. You'd be extremely hard pressed to find someone who hasn't used it today in the states though. Indeed this country relies on it extensively for shipping along with the rail system. Simply put there may be aspects of the project that does waste money you'll have that with any project but the pros will definitely outweigh the cons in the long run. Especially since the planners of this system are actually trying to save the environment as they build it.
I rode the fast trains in China. 4 hours for 1200kms. I’m sure they had troubles but with fast travel you then have more work options. The fast train in Russia certainly has improved travel between Moscow and St Petersburg. Means people can catch transport from the centre of London to the centre of the towns the train travels through, far better than air.
I’m in love with Fred Mills.
100Bn is only 2.5 years of military spendings of the UK. That 100bn will do good for decades, while the military will eat up 40 billion EVERY year, for all the years to come.
Thanks!
wow!
24 hectares is nothing... we had fire here that burned around 3000 hectares
Hs2 is so obviously a good idea,  to equalise or society and economy and for the environment. It seems to mostly be wealthy southerners (the 'FBPEv types)  who oppose it. Because cutting the trees is so upsetting,  despite the fact it will be a huge net positive for the environment.  Also, its not for them -  this would benefit the North the most directly,  unfortunately wealthy southerners have a massively disproportionately high influence over both our parties agendas.
Ye but folk won’t give up car …. As long as ticket is at a low cost the. ✅ I will
The money would have been better spent on upgrading the  existing infrastructure that enormous numbers of passengers use every day,  with wifi on normal trains the saving of 30 minutes at a cost of £1billion per mile is a white elephant.  The usage of railways is also dropping year on year, HS2 is not going to change that trend.  HS2 will just put up house prices near stations and push out the 'dormitory towns' ring.  Carbon free travel is BS,  most of UK electricity comes from gas and bits of trees from Canada because renewables are so utterly unreliable. Once again this will be good for London, but for everywhere else, not really.  A few people will travel on HS2 at high cost, while the rest of the mass of daily commuters continue to suffer the bad condition of the rest of the networks.  Final bill will be at least £150billion and not even reach Leeds. Saving hours on a route in Japan or China makes sense, saving minutes on a journey within short distances in UK is a waste of money.  HS1 and HS2 will not even join up.... Brunel would have built it in 2 years at 5% of the cost.  The government knew costs would rise inexorably - they had to sell it to the public at a much lower cost than they knew it would finally cost, a lot of people will get rich off HS2,  and the taxpayers who will never be able to afford a ticket end up paying.
So many moronic humans making moronic decisions and knee jerk reactions. Huge infrastructure projects like this NEED to be created and completed. If every country just followed Japans ultra high speed rail line plans, the global economy would be beyond incredible at this point
Video Idea: While the topic was discussed quite well in this one, how about a dedicated video on how often and why big projects go over budget and what's being done to try to avoid this?
Its not like the rurals will get smarter thanks to this line :)
Ouchy ouchy hs2! Laughs is chinese! A mediocre project compared to their scale of doing things!
if this was something in china, u would have added some language around "authoritarianism, doom and gloom"
Considering the costs and the little impact it will have. It's not worth it. In China it makes sense because it's a massive country and has a much bigger population
HS2 was designed to connect no-where places to London. London does not create much wealth, but it does suck wealth from elsewhere. To level up the North, the no-where places first need to be connected together to create a centre of excellence to rival the South-East. Directly connecting even Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds together is what HS2 was designed to not do. Anyway, boring tunnels all the way between the Northern cities then down to London would probably have been cheaper - and quicker! No compulsory purchase, no environmental worries, no protests. Build lots of boring machines and make tunnels the de facto means of transport throughout the small country.
The money means nothing, it doesn't cost taxpayers anything, gov has sovereign currency can just print more, maybe tiny bit of inflation as impact but that gets levelled out by tax. Benefits will be huge, no brainer 👍
You Brits complain about everything! With all the money you have saved by not giving it to the EU, you certainly have more than enough to pay for this railway... Besides, with such a huge project, it will give many unemployed people a job laying tracks or digging tunnels.
Surprisingly brilliant documentary on a really relevant subject from channel that I have never heard of before. Keep up the great work!
The budget discussion is kinda funny. Why not make the budget a percentage of the governments main income. Thus it would increase or decrease with the state’s spending power.  An 22 year endeavour can’t be judged like building a house. Even with 2% inflation each year you need to price in 55% higher prices for the end of the project. But as politicians and the public can’t see the rising cost in relation to the rising budget due to a higher tax income, we need to underestimate every bigger project to get the approval.  When milk and wheat gets more expensive and the cost of labour, then why wouldn’t construction projects too?
Let's face it. We're a clown show and we're spending way too much on it. Meaning a lot of pockets are secretly being filled
This is good too. Cheaper.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AvQGJExago
Brilliant. Many thanks for a reasoned, thoughtful and superbly expressed piece of journalism. A complex issue explained in detail but without any trace of sensationalism, partiality or hyperbole. Thanks for such honesty, clarity and professionalism.
They might as well build a new Concord. It's a complete and utter waste of money. This was first planned 30 years ago. We have broadband now! Let Boris dig the feckin tunnel. Stop robbing my pension you twats.
Just to be clear, HS2 is shorter and less ambitious than what has already been built in France, Spain, Italy, Germany and Switzerland.  What's unique is the price tag, because UK construction costs are many times those of European peers.
love the deep dive - thanks!
Not Britain but England and nobody wants it except the politicians and the contractors. And where did they get the funding. The sooner Scotland is out of this drain on our resources the better HS2 will never benefit us. BTW the people didn't vote for this, it was one item in a manifesto a project causing this amount of devastation to peoples lives and at such a cost should have gone to a referendum.
I know my geography teacher is going to love this
You should look into the bridge over Danube from Romania! It's really impressive!
What a fantastic show.  Very interesting.   Very fair.  Great host.  Just all around.   New Subscriber.
Epic review.  Please post on Rumble too!
Utter waste of money, I will never use it,
Over budget? Sorry. But we really needed the HS2 branded work clothing.
The north thrived under free enterprise. It's only post WW1 with the welfare state they declined. Let's face it without meaningful well paid work who would want to live up North? That's why workers move South. HS2 may shift the balance.  Cheers Stuart.
It's a pity that the design involves so many terminal stations in Curzon St and Manchester Piccadilly.  On mainland-Europe most stations are through stations even including Frankfurt and Berlin Hauptbahnhof.  The Germans are spending millions on converting Stuttgart station from a terminal station to a through station.
BTW, even with slightly less insane electricity prices, that Finnish nuclear power plant will pay for itself in 11 years despite all cost overruns. With current prices it would actually pay for itself in three years.
19:14 A bit of a case of “2B or not 2B”.  I rember using that joke in a math class. I think we were going over the quadratic formula and the way it was set up the  solution came to +/-  2b. Thanks you brought back fond memories.
people are against progress? this is something completely new... lol   question: which gigantic infrastructure project was on budget and completed ahead of schedule? A little tip: the population approved the project in a referendum
Good video! I like that the capacity benefit is mentioned, but perhaps more examples could be made. The current high-speed trains on the mainline eats so much capacity due to its relative speed that it constricts the number of regional or commuter trains you can actually fit on the network, so HS2 can mean that currently poorly served small stations all of a sudden get improved service patterns.
What i don't want to see is the government selling it in 5 years for a slim fraction of its build cost to one of there big business  buddies.
I'm incredibly frustrated that they're cancelling the eastern leg, the gov once again screwing the north.
lot of money just to get to birmingham 15 mins faster.
Wrong place. It should have been built from the North southwards.  Channel tunnel(?) NO! Airport interchanges(?) NO! Scotland and the East(?)NO! Result, a very expensive project to keep Westminster happy as it travels to Birmingham!
Seems like a waste of money to me . . . from what I've heard, London is nothing but a shithole that ain't worth stepping foot in . . . actually, the truth is - _every_ single city that does exist or has existed is a shithole that ain't worth visiting.
It's for the future generations too... Imagine the economic growth over the generations and the decrease in pollution
Would love something like this from Northern Vermont down Vermonter line down to Florida.  Would make movement away from hurricanes more efficientLife will evolve and expand no matter what we think or feel.  It’s how we went from caves into space.  It will also make large cities like London less congested and vulnerable.  Business and opportunity will grow like it did along traditional rail lines.  I use rail to get in and out of Manhattan in less than 14 minutes.  Going to Southern Vermont I take a poky Amtrak train that takes almost 6 hours
this is a poor video and very one sided  it make no reference to Phase 1A which is is also approved and links birmingham and crewe and is likey to open around same time at london - birmingham  and which has massively improved the commercial case an will  realise massive benefits capacity improvement and journey time reductions  much earlier that previous expected -- so t actually make no reference to that has massively detracted from this video !!!!!
3:28 lol.. thats right, 225 mph makes it the fastest IN EUROPE. How about mentioning China already has a train in operation since 2011 that does 267 mph and scheduled to start operating one that goes 373 mph in 2025? If the UK would not be the pet dog of the US, they could just have boght the Trains from China, saved a lot of money and ended up with faster trains that have been tested for 10 years already.
Here's a thought. Due to geography and route chosen, London - Newcastle in a straight line is 247 miles. It takes 2hrs 40 at its fastest today. Tokyo - Osaka is also 247 miles from their central measuring points. The time taken is the same!!! Shinkansen covers a longer rail distance but not longer statute mile distance. Milan - Rome the same. So routing is critical given the time taken to reach higher speeds is more and you have to maintain the higher speeds to get the real benefits.
Our country really has a big issue with NIMBY's. It's a cancer which is driving up house prices and preventing the country from moving forward.
HS2 is an insane waste of money. It is a vanity project supported by rent-seeking construction companies close to the government. What free markets won't fund should not be done; markets can decide most efficiently how to allocate capital. This project destroys value on an enormous scale.
Good video What about the mega projects that were under budget and on time ?
Why is Britain building high-speed rail now? Why not 60 years ago?  Be more like 70 when it's finished.
Sad we don't even maintain our current infrastructure in America let alone build mega products with long term benefits such as this
Im guessing Brunel had the same struggles in his time..... until it's finished and then everybody loves it and it becomes a tourist hit. (Eiffel too) HS2 in not unlike the Channel Tunnel, hated under construction and yet unthinkable not to now have. Infrastructure is always a struggle for politicians that have to pander to the immediate issues of the masses.
What a sad story of pointless vandalism. The idea our government cares about nature and environment is laughable. I suspect it's all about kickbacks.
If I wanted to, I could travel between London Marylebone to Birmingham Moor Street,  09:10 10:56 tomorrow 15th August for £25 in 1 hour 43 minutes including 5 intermediated stops. With WiFi on board, it would be possible to pass the journey time in productive work, should I so desire.  The fares on HS2 will be astromiclly high, just to pay the interest charges, forget the capital sums. That is the case in Spain. The EU will never sees its money returned.   Almost half the route between Euston & B'ham New Street is in tunnels, which have been reduced in diameter to save money & as a consequence, the trains will not be running  at 225 mph & therefore, journey times will be longer than those quoted in the video.
Great Video! Lets hope ticket prices are more sensible by the time this completes. At the moment its much cheaper for me to commute by car!
https://youtu.be/S1Lh9mjSf3g
Climate nonsense involved as well😂
UK Timetable for high speed rail: 2012 Suggest HS2 2013 Debate about it for 7 years. 2020 GIve go ahead. Maybe think about building it?  China Timetable for high speed rail: 2012 Suggest a HSR line 2011 actually it was already built 2013 Proceed to build another 20,000 miles of HSR in a couple of years
The government seems to forget about the rest of the UK,how much spent on cross rail,need a national sports centre must be in London ,Birmingham is a area called the midlands for a reason.I can get to London from Preston quicker than to Leeds.
Leicester, Durham, Newcastle, York, Leeds where the fuck is our train
What a mess in the UK. And Tanzania 🇹🇿 made deals and has over 700km worth of fast railways ready in just 5 years. That's what I call real progress!
I rather they spent money tackling homelessness and poverty
Excellent closing message. Loved it. What a channel 💕
A big part of this project has been the archaeological work too. Though often the unseen side of infrastructure, the growth to the commercial archaeological industry has been immeasurable. Companies have felt safe taking on more archaeologists full time making it a truly reliable job for the first time. The HS2 induced growth has meant all construction led archaeology has become faster, cheaper and more advanced as investment in people and technology has increased. This can even be seen by how MOLA (the company who gained the most from HS2) was able to buy a rival company and has grown from 3 offices nation wide to 6. They also have followed the paperless initiative to digitise and modernise the stagnant recording methods with new technologies meaning all archaeology work will be of a higher quality and faster in the long run.  In this sense HS2 is already giving back to the country in unseen ways without even needing to be complete.   Loved the video btw and would love to see you cover the archaeological side of infrastructure projects at some point. It’s often not talked about but is a big part of those projects and their costs.
1) A Carbon Free Project ?  2) Don't these Trains use Diesel Fuel ? 3)  Less people are using trains because of the HIGH Ticket cost ? 4)  Scotland is not in this Project ?  5) How many TIMES over Budget will the Final (Tax Payers Money) be ?
This project has essentially been messed up by NIMBYISM and stupidiity, lawyers have made money over all the arguments. Without all the stupidity it would have been built up to Glasgow. Britain and the British population are incapable of building an infrastructure project. It really needs to go further than it's currently planned - plus the actual High speed Link between Newcastle Leeds, Manchester Liverpool....
And then people wonder why countries like China are taking over the world. They would build these even if they had to kill everyone on its path.   Opposition here is the price of democracy. But the project must go on.
I live in Wales, so what benefit will I get from this? Tax payers are paying to make London better, London and a few cities will benefit from this, nobody else will .... But we all have to pay for it.
Oh, please don't use football pitches as a measurement, we are not Americans nor children.
There are NIMBYs all over the world and the same cynics were against Euro tunnel, Japanese bullet trains and Delhi Metro. But all have the eggs on their faces now after seeing the stupendous success of these projects.
This is project that needs to be done. Our transport infrastructure needs to be be changed dramatically. If I was me doing this. I would be working on a straight point to point lines. Why pull out every last drop of seconds from the time it takes to get to major cities then branch line to the towns. The current way our rail lines are is old and needs changed to the times. If that means going through mountains or fields or even forests then so be it. These are things that should be done! we need to get our transport system back to 100% utilising our railways to the fullest! Bring back the days where a lot of our cargo was shipped by rail! Like I said the Big cities are the main straight point A to point B. Yes our lives are being interrupted or messed with but this is for improvement that is truly needed! Look to the future as right now we cant fix today with a snap of our fingers. This isn't star trek with replicating machines and general no concept of monies!
Who wants to get to Birmingham quicker?  Don't people work from home now?  The taxpayer is being raided again.  MPs all with consultancy jobs with the builders.  Scandal!
Without a railcard, it costs anywhere from £75-£110 for a return from Birmingham (BNS) to London (EUS), it’s ridiculous. Monthly season tickets are £589. HS2 will not be cheaper.
They argue that it will make the North more accessible to London and, therefore, the global market. Instead it will create a brain drain by making it even easier for people to get to London.
22:00 “In Memory of Stanley Haddock”
White Elephant, trains are running with less passengers these days as people like working from home. HS2 is just a big money making project for a few companies and it will never recover even a fraction of its cost.
As an example of how much mo ey is wasted on this project - a very good Ecologist friend of mine was paid £22k to count trees on a small section of the proposed line, before the project was green lighted. It took him 2 days.
India is building dozens of such projects and all of them are going to complete 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Please dont forget that a decicion against projects like this is always a decicion in favour of more cars, more traffic and roads.
What a joke with strike after strike - electricity costs - never on time or on budget - lot of the travel to north cut - more rail around London and bugger the rest of the country.
Tesla trying its hardest to stop this, like any auto manufacturer, trains are the future, accept it.
I don’t think any discussion on Hs2 can be had without looking at the fact that Scotland, Wales and NI will be paying for this with little to no impact. Travelling from North Wales to London in a perfect world of 4.5 hours rather than 5.5 hours is no incentive at all to travel to the Big smoke
100 billion is nothing, half a trillion borrowed for un needed face masks and multi jabs.
Every single infrastructure project in every single country starts off like this. People need change, but they need change for fucking free. How delusional can people get....
This is only in England, the North of England is having all these cuts and the Southwest was never considered, and Wales And Scotland have been completely ignored from the start.  The UK needs a high speed rail network for all of the UK.
As soon as Johnson said….green light…….turned off……bound to be an absolute catastrophe.
While I'm mostly designing in Minecraft, some people do *this* in real life, which sometimes makes me feel miserable.  XD   Well, at least I do participate in construction at least as a part of team producing facades (I work in CAD).
It seems many people have a big corner for the budget but is it possible for the government to raise funding from the trust funds capital owned by the upper class or the noble class? It may be very idealistic but when generational wealth accumulated to a certain level which money becomes nothing more the numbers, it may as well supports foundamental infrastructure in exchange of something tangible/serivces from from the UK government in return. For example, a percentage of profit in future or higher priority to develop the lands alongside the railway station?
The principle of HS2 is sound, but they way they're going about it is wrong. We don't have the space like many other countries to do surface trains without impacting on so many lives and natural resources which impact heavily on cost. We need underground transport tubes. Here you can go dead straight and avoid scaring the country and displacing homes and destroying neighborhoods. Another problem is that existing trains cost topo much, train tickets can be over £100 for return trip to London from Wigan. I can get a flight to Spain for less or drive to London for less and that's for one person. If your whole family want to go to London, train ticket prices are just ridiculous. I doubt HS2 ticket prices will be less expensive so it will only be useful to high business and the super rich. This is a poke in the eye given it was paid for by the TAX payer.
A carbon free line ? Not exactly.. these trains work with electricity obviously which is made in the UK 60% using gas and coal
Producers: Adam Savage.   Is it the guy from Mythbusters?
7:40 I dont think this is true... housing crisis could become worse that affect area near the station
Seems like the issue is the current process of proposing and implementing projects one at a time rather than plan how the country will look in the future and figure out what the requirements are to get the country to that point.
HS1 is very fast, it often difficult to get a seat.
I’m fully supportive of HS2. This is by far the most balanced explainer video of what HS2 is I have ever watched.   Honestly I think the major problem with HS2 is how poorly it has been explained by British government. Everyone thinks it’s about getting to Birmingham 20 mins faster but it is much more about capacity.
"supply chain challenges" = brexit
Being built to enhance trade between north and south.When the railway was being built here in Queensland they made a narrower gauge than NSW to discourage trade.
By the way, why isn't Britain following model of single pier elevated section for the entire length of the train from London to right at the Glasgow doing a bit of zigzag and touching almost every city. Delhi RRTS is making a good use of land with such model and should also benefit Britain. The speed of the train can also be increased later once such corridor is created. City areas can be made underground while rest of the section overground also makes the train journey tourist friendly given beautiful countryside. The cost wouldn't be much high but will have significant environment gains as well as savings on land costs.
By their very nature infrastructure projects are going to get bigger and more expensive. It's called progress. The Stockton & Darlington Railway went over budget. But imagine if Stephenson or the government had just given up, or given in to environmentalists, we might all still be going to work on a horse!
If it's anything like Crossrail it'll be years late and massively over budget, this is what happens when professional pm firms are not used. Rule 1 govt contract print variation books first, rule 2 if a public servant or gasbag opens their mouth fill out a variation. Anyone remember the disaster that was the WCML upgrade? The contractor lived by rules 1 and 2.
Covid has shown you can work without the commute. Would have been better to invest in 5G and fibre across the nation
Capable of 225mph. Then it stops at all those stations!
I am a big fan of B1M and this documentary is just at another level. An absolute treat to watch. But wondering if you are making enough money by just Youtube vidoes with user fees. This quality of journalism, presentation is not only effort intensive but pretty costly as well just like HS2. Hope you have it enough and we are not going to be short of the best contents on Youtube later. Kudos 👍🏻
Scrap it now!!
England has liberal disease just like the USA.  :-/
Most environmentalists support this
Like always Fred You and your production team never dissapoint, Great work mates.
Meanwhile, China has built 500 more km of high speed rail in the time you spent watching the video
I hope it works out for the UK, a high speed railway is not profitable, in fact it can be a massive drain for a nation's resources! However it's benefit for the economy and simply of the ease of moving population cannot be overstated.
Glad to see progress on this, it's a long time coming! Would like to see one connecting Bristol and/ or Cardiff to London and preferably another to Birmingham also.
Outstanding storytelling as always
Here in New Zealand there's a subway being built for the first time since our railways started 140 years ago,   shock horror stories from this project goes back 70 years.   Sadly the wasting time political and social stumbling it's now half way through and double the amount of time and money,   but then again once it's finally finished it's only the beginning of the next projects,
We need the mag rail...
You only make a 10% the rest get printed. We benifit.. So the cost. What cost..... We need the magic magnet train.. And new clean rail stn. Away from the dirty oil.... Mag rail is the future...
Great documentation here.
The discourse in this video suffers from a failure to understand that true is the best forgone alternative state-of-the-world, not the accountants' crude approximation of cost.  And, because a cost is something forgone, it is something not seen.  The idea that big state infrastructure projects (euphemistically called “public”) ever pay for themselves is based upon mere guessing of exactly the sort which consistently causes more thorough-going socialism to blunder terribly.  The state is the wrong social institution for almost everything.  Economists who understood the problem of economic calculation explained that HS2 was going to run wildly beyond the initial budget claims, but those economists were not platformed in the first place. No matter how often the technocrats fail, their opponents are treated as lacking not merely in expertise but in common sense.
People want better infrastructure, it gets built, wait it doesn't just magically appear without destroying anything else? Shocked Pikachu face
At least they are not building statues with the tax money and are actually trying to develop the infrastructure.
The California High Speed Rail may cost as much or more than HSP2
You can check on china Railway it create good and the bad ways. As for the maintain the train is costly. You can see those video of history how it grow as follow some trends.
We don't have the same 'problem' in Australia, the politicans love talking about high speed rail but no chance of implementing it. NSW could have built the start with a second regional airport but decided to build it in western Sydney so they can stack another 1m people there in the future. Yes the Sydney light rail got so much flak....over time and way over budget but now it's finished our main CBD st (George st) is just beautiful. Way over budget these days is 'thank god they did that' in 50 years
This is the second time I've seen how shortsighted people are.  The costs skyrocket because people are extorting the government who cant back up on property purchases to maintain a straight line.
What a dumb thing to protest over
This was such an interesting, informative and well constructed piece of investigative journalism. Perhaps the best B1M video yet.
Even with the explanations in the video, I still have a hard time figuring out where all those cost overruns go... Especially when compared to 2 other recent high-speed lines in neighboring countries : France's Tours <> Bordeaux line (~300km) that extended the Paris <> Tours line while bypassing every city in between and still serving them with branches. This was a private concession of public infrastructure, with all the environmental bells and whistles like wetland ponds, myriads of planted trees, wildlife over / underpasses, etc. Crossing less densely inhabited locations but prime wine yards and other expensive grounds, large rivers and complicated soil. Spain's Madrid < 630km 2h30 > Barcelona < 195km 50min > Perpignan (in France, through a twin bored high-speed tunnel under the base of the Pyrenees mountain range) that also bypasses every city served by the line, including Barcelona, by either running on cities' outskirts (and branching to serve centers) or running in a high-speed tunnel under cities). A very complicated hilly / mountainous terrain, etc. How come they managed to build these lines for a fraction of the ever-growing cost of HS2 ? I know they are different but each have their difficulties and I really can't see what justifies such massive budget ballooning for HS2 ! Why not take example on the French and Spanish and the way they build their high-speed infrastructure ? It's been working for decades !  One thing I noticed is that California / the US and UK are known for their habit of ruining any public infrastructure project, as if they wanted them to fail and make the public / taxpayer hate or at least be wary of public transportation projects other than car / air related. If they wanted to rally the public up against ANY future project, they wouldn't do it any other way...  And before HS2 even sees the first train, Madrid will be linked to Paris (when the remaining high-speed trunk between Perpignan and Montpellier will be completed) via a nonstop high-speed line that bypasses every city in between... Poland will probably have finished its country wide network, etc.  I'm pretty sure there's a way to complete all the phases HS2 with a different financing scheme that would severely refrain cost overruns. Like building the other phases via private concessions and delegation of public service plus government controlled / capped toll price for trains using the line. It worked elsewhere as it prevented every level and entity in the project from lining their pockets...
No matter the speed you brag about, high speed rail, or faster yet, air travel, with costs to do so running into the hundreds of billions of dollars, you suddenly realize it's all shit when you discover you can travel at the speed of light online!!!
Putting your shiny new train in a ditch seems a little odd.
Well this project compits directly with californian one in how expensive both of them became. But in case of brits bullet train looks better and promise more than americans one.
westerners are selfish and shortsighted.
Is there an project accountability investigator ensuring there's no kickbacks to politicians or embezzlement going on?
its a bargain
Decarbonize .  Give me a break.  In America we call it Pork
the longer an infrastructure project takes to complete, the worse the political situation surrounding it.
A major issue is that there is no promise it will ever go beyond Birmingham. Stuff like this has happened before and only the south and the midlands have benefited from it. This is one of the many reasons people are distrustful
A terrible waste of tax??. Like wtf?? Look at japan. Their enjoying the worth of their tax. Once this is finish it will benefit people a lot. Westerns loves private cars that is why.
I used to study in the UK a few years ago and sometimes travel by train for tourism. It was packed so full people had to stand on some sections of the track. The price wasn't competitive compared with national express either. If this keeps going on the railway will eventually go bankrupt. I think a new faster train system will highly benefit the UK. The old tracks can be used for cargo while the faster trains for commuting.
China: DUH!!!! Off course HSR is built in tunnels and viaducts!!!! What do you expect how did you think we did it?!!!
I love how he has a B1M hard hat!!!  He should be the voice over for ALL PROJECTS!!! TRUSTWORTHY VOICE, AND HIS KNOWLEDGE OF ENGINEERING WILL MAKE SURE THINGS WORK!!!
Divided countries always fall!!!!!
"DE carbonize"?  Can't they just move to electric trains using solar/wind/ nuclear clean energy?!?  That's much cheaper
We don't need an unwanted rail line linking us further to London, we want a border, a massive wall and seperation. Nothing good for our country comes out of London, this was always for the Europhiles and never normal working class people. At least not those from London, who will be able to use their much better wages to buy cheaper housing in the North or Midlands then commute.
The politicians think it is worth more to spend money on arms in pursuit of being a flea on the American back
Just build it ffs. British people moan about everything even when it benefits them.
High speed rail can make sense. Of course, improving conventional rail can make a huge difference. A question yet to be answered is whether speed is as critical in a connected world where you can work from anywhere, including on the train. A train that is marginally faster than driving, with reliable WiFi, nice amenities, and comforts, might be very competitive in the modern era.
Yay poms! Hope you get your HSR and inspire other luddite countries like my own to start one. This is a massive project, but getting the first bit done and open is the hardest part. Once it is operational and the benefits become clear the rest should follow.
Yes but if the tickets are going to be expensive, not interested.
Learn from the Chinese but British hubris will never accept anything Chinese.
Environmentalists should first block existing motorways and airports, only then protest high speed rail.
We had this in the Netherlands. Climate change activists protesting, putting lawsuits to stop the "Betuweroute" dedicated cargo rail line. Each train would mean 100 hundred less trucks on the road per train...but hippies cant; do math. At full capacity the line can hande 10 trains per hour in both directions. That's 4800 trucks a day. From Rotterdam Seaport to Cologne in Germany. It's scheduled to continue all the way into Italy, but could go to Eastern Europe as well. The Betuweroute suffered so much delays from climate change activists..it took years post construction to reap the environmental benefits of the transition from road to rail cargo.
I've travelled on different high speed rails and it pains me to live in a country with no high speed rail and a poor rail network other than that to boot. Rail is my absolute favourite way to travel.
Amazing quality video! One of the things I feel most concern about is talking about "low" carbon transport with such a late end of project date... not even carbon neutral?
I still think HS2 is the wrong decision. Covid shows that people can work from home, online  and dont even need to travel to work. Due to inflation people wont even have the money to go on thehigh speed rail which is 50% more expensive than not using high speed. Also just "planting trees" womt restore the thousands of years old habitats. The trees planted wont create a natural habitat and are prbably not even native trees and are probably one species. If they want to improve the environment they need to undertake the process of Rewilding. HS2 misses most towns and cities that need to be "levelled up the most". By 2030 it would have only reached the midlands which is far too long and this won't even touch the north who need investment the most.
I'm a little surprised they did not tell of 'an interesting situation' that arose early on when digging at the Euston end.... a digger driver noticed what he thought were bones and so called his boss who took a look who called 'his boss'.... there were lots of bones all over the place. Naturally they were duty bound to call the police who came down to have a look...an old experienced detective suggested they go and get some people from the local university to take a look. It turned out they had disturbed a burial site from the London Plague days of the late 1600's. For the next three months the site was cordoned off and dozens of volunteers from the university and other local institutes removed all the bones photographed them and re-interred them elsewhere...these movements were always carried out in the early hours of the mornings. Apparently, in this area of Euston/Kings Cross many tens of thousands of people died from the Bubonic Plague... A colleague of mine who worked in an overlooking Islington Clinic told me about the goings on which took about three months to complete.   An interesting HS2 snippet!
$100b for that distance... gotta say something is just not right...
UK 25% energy from renewables cost £40B investment. Cost of hs2 £100B spent on green energy would be enough to take UK to 100% renewable energy. Instead we get a rail line powered by power plants burning liquified natural gas/fossil fuels.
Some old lady says it's a bad idea. Has no data or any real reason why that she can articulate. Better cancel it then.  This is infrastructure that will be in use for decades or maybe centuries. You don't average the costs against a single year or even the duration of construction.   People who use costs or "environmentalism" as a reason not to do this but think it's better for everyone to all drive up the motorway or fly. FFS
Yes, £100 Billion is much too much especially when you factor in the beautiful, ancient, irreplaceable countryside that this bloody useless thing is destroying - which is priceless.
Love the longer video
Completely insane waste of money. £100,000,000,000. Arrive in London/South 3o minutes quicker. Then what? Need a car to get to where your going. In the future freight will be carried by autonomous vehicles and rail mostly at night, roads will become faster less congested.
I worked on HS2 and can tell you first hand the money they are wasting is Un-Godly. They are now 40 Billion oer Cost and almost ZERO track laid. If you think this is a good Project  your a fool! The actual time saved by HS2 is mere minutes not worth the cost!
I still don’t understand why the director needs to earn £600k
Big corporations lobbying government to do big white elephant infrastructure projects money that could be spent on the people education health and homelessness
Fact... my home ...canada was built on the railway but i took a via rail trip both ways from ontario to nova scotia recently and i was never so unimpressed with any type of service  it was like a  sleepy turtle -and delays all over but canada isnt japan or china we dont have enough population to need something like this
Fantastic Video. Just a shame our government are half job harry's that lie about leveling up.
I think that politicians are to uneducated just, if you put the pros and cons in a list and the pros stacked out, just, do it, China created they're own railway, and it became the biggest railway ever, just don't listen to nimby's, and environmentalists, just don't listen
You missed the point that HS2 was a pre covid idea where most of the population had to commute into the office.  Now post covid most companies are adopting a work from home/hybrid model. With far less people needing to commute. I believe that HS2 was a good idea pre covid, but now I very much doubt that.
When the poor people get taxed for project that they never gona use, they will opose the build...one ticket for a ride on the hs2 will not be cheap as we seen this in the EU. The worst thing is that the "normal train" tickets will get too expensive also and people will continue to travel with cars when with more than 2 persons.
short answer: the reason hs2 is very over budget is (partially) because people say it’s destroying the environment when it is actually helping create it and have no carbon. i bet all the protestors drive down in their dirty carbon emitting cars.
Behind The Bastard podcast has some great episodes on 'the man who ruined New York' and they talk about a systematic approach of ballooning budgets because once a project has been started, it has to be finished. so you can basically squeeze money out of the government without limit...
I fucking love trains. When I lived in the UK for a couple of years I always felt like ya'll lacking. Coming from a country where I can be in Berlin, Paris, Zurich or London hassle-free in a couple of hours, the fact the the UK doesn't have this yet felt backwards. But ya'll love fucking with poor people so it did feel on brand that way...
Very professional well done.
An obvious choice… apart from the sky high uk train fares.
Oh ok, so it’s not for the whole of Britain, only England. They’re not even gonna have it go up to Scotland. When the title said “diving a nation” I was expecting it to go across the whole country and divide in half. I guess I was naive to think they would ever consider anything other than England in building this.
So this is bigger than the California project, or just the portion of the California project that has officially been funded?
As everyone is paying for it, ticket prices must be affordable for everyone. The real scandal will be if only a minority are able to use it because the average family is priced out.
Cool video.  Maybe I missed it, but I didn't hear anything about the impact that remote / telework will have on employees... were estimates of this done due to Covid?  It'd be interesting if the remote work boom that Covid caused would drastically change the benefit/cost of this job.
I wish to be Mechanical Engineer instead of Computer Engineer after watching B1M videos but ohh my, i do hate physics as a subject to learn. It boggles my mind. Algorithms are easier i guess.
I understand the significance of the ancient woodlands, however… lets not delude ourselves with thinking that nature is preserved in a glass box never to be disturbed or changed. Wildfires happen… disease happens… droughts, flooding, animal damage the whole deal. I get that natural damage is different to human damage but it demonstrates how nature doesn’t last the same forever… it changes. So in my opinion, if part of the HS2’s environmental plan is to compensate the damage it causes by replanting then i say bring on the economic growth haha
I live in Solihull and it’s a fairly small town so weird seeing it referenced
Need more bicycle lanes. :P
We all know when it launchs the trains ticket prices will be expensive, the trains will run at half full and there will be so many delays!
This the first time I've seen a conservative semi trump advocating for HSR
HS2 is another London toy.
Awesome project. What a lot of people seem to forget is that these kinds of projects create jobs, create chances for people who had little options of getting somewhere without this train.  Also, it becomes way easier to have a company further outside of london, so these buisinesses can run cheaper and thus have more value.  If you spend the money on other things, as people say, it always ends up being things that are small scale, for a small community. not for the whole country next to the track of the train, but also a bit further away.
As a Californian, this video made me feel somewhat better about our "Train to Nowhere." The difference, however, is that HS2 started in London and will at least go to a major city, assuming Phase 1 gets completed someday. Whereas the Train to Nowhere was ill-conceived from the start: the voters (not me) voted for a bond to fund only half of it. Then when the bureaucratic railroad-building machinery got underway, it was decided to start in the Central Valley. Someday, they tell us, it will connect from outside Bakersfield to Madera, just beyond Fresno--a little over 100 miles, and about one-quarter of the distance between Los Angeles and San Francisco or Sacramento. The distance between Bakersfield and Los Angeles is about a two-hour drive by car, in good traffic. As far as I know, the final routing of this southern portion has not been determined, and no property to build it on has been purchased. Same for the part from Madera to San Francisco.  I like the idea of high-speed rail between L.A. and San Francisco, but they should have started with the hard part (Los Angeles), and routed it straight through the mountains and up the less populous west side of the Central Valley. Because there is no viable plan to connect the two metropolises, the whole thing is a very expensive joke. And of course, the crazy budget overruns and other standard governmental bureaucratic nonsense is happening.  A lot of people really want to see high speed rail between L.A. (Disneyland) and Las Vegas. I think that is possibly starting as a private enterprise, but it won't reach Los Angeles at first; it's supposed to terminate at Victorville, an hour or two drive away. A lot of people, if they have to drive to Victorville, will choose to just hit the pedal to the medal and drive, as they've always done. It's mile after mile of open desert, on Interstate 15, which is often at or above capacity.
HS2 a waste of public money that no one asked for.  Another government fuck up.
Why didn't they just tunnel the flipping thing from the start. All the way. No Woods chopped, no evictions, no protests. Probably cheaper too
Goes to show how amazing China is able to pull off several thousand miles long high speed railways in years. Quick n efficient. While a much smaller country UK cant even do a smaller high speed rail. And they got the galls to criticize China.  And this is why democracy sucks. Its like having several cook trying to do something for the same dishes. You only need one cook for a dish. This is why China is able to rise rapidly as a nation, with one leadership.  And this is why the Western desperately wants China to adopt their failing democracy systems. So China can be stifled n divided through political opinion rather than being united as one, just like Britain today.   Because at the rate its going, China's continuing rapid rise will soon see it overtake the US as world's superpower. Maybe as soon as the next 15-20 years. They have to do something to stop China. Therwby, the Taiwan issue is provoked again n again in the hopes of starting a war between the two chinese parties so they can just destroy each other. Letting Taiwan help US to do the dirty work, just like Ukraine did against Russia, another US rival.
if you're baseline is california, you've already lost
It's also important to remember where that money is going straight in to the general publics hands whether that is for digger drivers or drill operators or accountants and engineers most of that money is getting spent directly into the economic which means increase revenues and taxes for the government as well.
Feeble analysis, feeble propaganda. No discussion of the alternatives - spending similar sums on the existing infrastructure would have been transformative. HS2 won't be.
Fire this CEO. This is a project that will continue to  balloon in costs. There are way too many handouts occurring along the way. The US is in the same issues. The problems are systemic in their mindsets. There is a reason why the UK and the USA are bed partners globally as well. There is also lobbying going on from petroleum magnates and so on. There is way too much greed.
#stophs2
Great video.
I'm so sorry to see opposition to rail anywhere. I expect it in the US, but it's heartbreaking to see it in Europe.
I was really hoping the Government would use Covid as the face-saving excuse to cancel this monsturous mistake... ah well.
A total fantasy!
Super nice video! Thought I was fairly up to date on hs2 but damn was super informative!
Biggest waste of my taxes along with paying for muslim Gimigrant boat people.
Interesting thought, but what if you could deal with turns in HSR's by simply curving the rail lines at say a 30 degree angle, like a plane would have to do to turn
You just got my sub.  What a great video.  I can't think of another doc in this format better. Just fantastic!
And house prices in the Midlands will sku rocket as savvy Londoners will buy up anything and everything and just commute to London.  Good for them.  Bad for the economically disadvantaged people who do not work in the capital.
Wales is just totally left out
HS2 is an utter disgrace. Its sole function is to turn Birmingham into a suburb of London. HS3 should have been built first - a dedicated HS line connecting Liverpool and Hull via Manchester, Leeds, Bradford and Sheffield, effectively creating a single conurbation to rival London. The reason they haven't started HS3 is because they don't want anywhere outside London or the south-east to prosper.
A complete waste of money, mainly benefitting London, as usual.
It isn't really funded by the tax payers. It is funded by the lending banks, who create new money for government guilts, there by devaluing all the existing money in circulation. So it is inflationary.
People who oppose it don't even work
Out of curiosity, What would’ve been the cost of removing the trees and placing them in the periphery of the forest?
Due to the pandemic, more people have been working from home and the number of on-line meetings has greatly increased. Obviously, this has lead to the number of work related journeys reducing. What has this done to the projection of transport requirements in the future? The talk in this program of running a carbon neutral service may be true but what is the carbon cost of the construction?
Those who object never have any solution
It's really sad how politicized some of these major infrastructure projects become. They're almost always going "over budget" because of the difficult nature planning for every new challenge along the way & engineering solutions to overcoming these setbacks.  So many of the greatest, most insane engineering marvels over the last several centuries would've never happened if they existed in today's atmosphere. Mankind overcoming their environment & creating new ways to connect to each other is a massive undertaking.   Sadly, people now just look at how much money something costs & would prefer to avoid the undertaking all together. It's like nobody has the foresight or long term vision anymore & only thinks what they could get this instant for the same amount of funding ☹
The North doesn't want HS2. We'd much rather have a high speed East-West railway. All HS2 will do is increase house prices in the north as southerners decide it's now commuter territory. No thanks.
It's one of the *costliest* , not the largest projects.   The reason behind it is that the UK hasn't invested in rail in decades, so such a project is bound to cost more than in France or Italy.
If its not coming to Leeds it can get lost
A big white elephant to knock 15 min journey time from Birminham to London for a few people whose essential skills are WHAT ?????   Ridiculas ....
Just one question:  Would you still construct this network if there was no need to reduce fossil fuel use?
I'm for rail travel, and in the USA rails are not that subsidized while roads are, but if in the UK a railway has not been built north of London in 120 years (the Boris Johnson soundbite), there must be a reason for that?  Like low density not conducive to passenger (as opposed to freight) travel?  Also if you need to work in London you can always move closer to London, and if they allowed greater zoning density in London (a problem in the USA due to NIMBYs) that would solve the affordably London housing problem.
I hope you will be making a Video like this about Hinkley Point C
"to benefit millions, a minority are asked to pay a heavy price" If only that was true right now regarding billionaires and corporations.
To be sincerely speaking in my humble opinion without being sentimental and of course without offending anyone who thinks differently from my opinion but rather looking into this serious matter with perspective distinction and without condemning anyone's point of view, i honestly think and believe that i have nothing to say. Thank you
The whole system is on its last legs so throwing 100 Billion at a flagship white elephant and fail to rescue the creaking rail network at a time when mass transit is the most efficient way to reduce travel pollution and energy use. As usual, suicide... before common sense. We really are witnessing the failure to do ANYTHING that just might mitigate our digging our own graves. The only people that will travel on this elephant will be the 1% executives, so they can look down on the rest of us as they sip their martinis...
Been watching this channel for well over a year and fascinated by it but I think you have excelled yourself with this.   Extremely clear and balanced viewpoint on a massive infrastructure project and incredibly well produced. Come away from it very very happy to have watched such a high quality production that should encompass everyone's opinions! Thanks!
Just like in cali
It is a waste of money. Instead of building a new railway, the government should be building better roads and highways. All our highways have max 3 lanes each way which is just not adequate for the number of vehicles that use them. Compare that to Dubai's Sheikh Zayed road which has 7 lanes each way and has a fraction of our population. The government needs to get it's priorities in check.
This would never have been allowed to go ahead or continue if someone wasn't creaming from it.  Billions spent on a project we are all paying for where few would benefit from and would likely be privatised is not value for money.
You lost me at @7:12, when you dove head first into an ultracapitalist trash pile. "We're doing it... for 👏🏼 money 👏🏼"  Aaannnd I'm out.
THE NORTH REMEMBERS!
As usual offer the carrot and give the onion.
I love this idea
As much as you make a case for the north, unfortunately the midlands has played piggy in the middle for years! There has been so much more investment in the North compared to the midlands in recent years, the midlands has been left way behind. The north always seem to be the first ones to throw their toys out of the pram and us midlanders just seem to get on with things!
I really like the idea of hs2 and its goals but why does it take so long it started in 2009 and still hasn't even connect the first 2 city nor even the terminals. I understand "going over budget is near universals" but I feel if this was done in china or japan or even spain that this would've been done 5 years ago
1600 "ancient"
amazing video
This project reminds me of "Stuttgart 21", which is also a big railway project in Germany with a great controversy. The aim is also to cut down travel time between cities and improve connections. There are many people who are argueing about it but at the moment the building process is working and in a few years the project will be finished and ready to bring better infrastructure to the regional area. Building has it's issues but it has many benefits
"high speed"
if boris endorses it, it's trash
Before the future time.
we shouldn't be wasting money on railway lines, we should be packing everything in Styrofoam.
There's something else going on here:  Cowardice.  That's a long way for the 'Lawds' to travel.  Lots of possibility for someone from Notting Hill flats to say "Hello" to Mr. Congeniality and the Lady of the Manor.
How much was the estimated cost for HS2 and where did it end up? The idiots in charge cannot manage the current railway system...
Britain is broke! Inflation will continue it course and the pound will crash, this should be concern from politicians, but no, they lie their constituents and keep spending! The crash of the pound and the subsequent crisis, including the own inflicted energy crisis, will take care of this absurd project, it may never be completed.
It won't, 'Benefit millions'.  Most of the people in the U.K. won't be able to afford to travel on it.  Those who benefit will be business men, share holders, politicians and the very rich who have properties at both ends of the country. A total waste of money for most tax payers.
Brilliant! More trains the minority cannot afford to travel on built from the backs of the minority who had their land stolen and all this before train drivers cry about how hard done by they are and go on strike leaving millions stranded. The londoners must have what they want.
Ticket price?
If you have time and resources, please cover about high speed rail in Jakarta, which also getting delays and overbudget but finally it will finally opens next year!
Hysterical ..
its simple ,construction materials got 3-4 times more expensive since last decade,not only in thirld world countries as ive talked about with my uncle,developed countries will suffer even more from inflated prices,aswell as from trades not willing to work for less,its a supply in demand and peopl are willing to travel alot for more money.
I think pushing North through Manchester to Glasgow on HST is the way to go..Connecting locally-owned, inter-municipal perpendicular connecting lines for 2 hr trip to Leeds...maybe just better equipment on existing lines and a few tweaks. The North of England, as well as the South, will be the future of Britain. Invest in your People, your Infrastructure. Build Housing in Leeds with HST SAVINGS... and Elsewhere Instead...call it HST Connect, Fast lines but not HST or HST -, not as fast.
Missed a trick by not directly linking it to HS1
225mph trains in a crowded little country like England are a, very expensive, exercise in futility.  The only potential customers are those who live in, or very close to, the places where it will stop.  Due to to speed it will travel at, these will be very few.  I live 30 miles North of London in a town with a railway station. However the HS2 won’t be stopping anywhere near me, so if I wanted to use it to go North, I would first of all have to travel thirty miles in the opposite direction, to London to start my journey.  What the country actually needs is… More conventional railway lines. More slower trains. Bigger trains. Longer platforms. Better stations.
As someone who lives in the UK, I feel the money could've gone very much into improving what we have and connecting other cities to each other instead of expanding London's commuter belt. Regional transport is an embarrassment at times. The mainlines that already exist, in many places just require improved signalling and reduced bottlenecks to vastly improve journey times and track speed. Don't need a £100bn vanity project that's going to go way over time and budget.
Thank you B1M, always top quality content!
anothing more than a vamity project for the tory millionaire mps. I see that BORIS THE LIAR has already cancelled the HS2 north of birmingham
I can understand the people no longer wanting the project, but the UK has already committed the money and time to construct it.  They can’t just stop.  I think in the end, people will appreciate the HS2 when everything is finished.
Great video, shame you completely misunderstood what "ancient" woodland is... You make it sound much more valuable than it is
By going underneath that ancient forest HS2 may have actually saved it for prosperity! What developer is going to build houses on top of a massive railway?
If I cared about going to London fast then I'd live there. Decisions like this should be down to the tax-payer.
As an American we're dealing with the same issue in Los Angeles for High-Speed rail.   The big problem is all these trains are just for the rich people to ride back and forth to their cities and their homes, so the government subsidizes their travel.   The people that actually work and have jobs that actually do something other than sit in offices can't use this because our jobs are out of the city not in the city
HS2 wont offer anything good at all, all it will offer is another overly priced train ticket.
This is the first video I've watched about HS2 that completed details both sides of the arguments. Really enjoyed this one!
Hilarious that the public are being charged to build a new railway line FOR Private rail companies who then CHARGE us again to use it HAHAHA
How is no one talking about the fact that this brilliant presenter is an absolut unit of a person. Great video and looking big bro. Keep up the grind Fred ;) You are an inspiration!
The very strange thing is the USA could have had this decades ago. This is what happens when capitalism ruins an entire country like america . I applaud the UK for putting an enormous amount  of capital, manpower, and virtually carbon free travel.
The people voted for HS2. A vocal minority has no say on this issue no matter how many traction they have on twitter. It's time to stop yielding to those lunatics. We voted. We made the decision.
LMAO! Engineering is a Marvel to begin with extremely interesting but because of politics it is turned into a money over spending political joke. The people will pay for this joke in more taxation.
I think HS2 should be stopped now before this country runs out of money, and it will before long, the way our present members of parliment are spending , cut our losses and scrap it. In the end I don't think it's going to benefit anyone, my taxes are paying for this white elephant.
Notice how the "climate" goofballs only want to me mad and never accept any solution.
During the 10 years the Brits have been bickering over nonsense to build a mere 530 KM , the Chinese have built 25 thousand kilometres of high speed rail  .
High speed railway malediction.
lets finish the construction, everyone wants to go somewhere new for vacation. I want to, how about you?
Tell this to China. 😁🤣
HS2 will only make fat cats fatter and it will only pull business FROM the rest of the UK TO London, not the other way around. And it will make already fat cats fatter. WHo is thinking about getting Cornwall, Wales, Kent, Yorkshire, Scotand or - heaven forbid! - Northern Ireland more connected? Nobody, that's how it is. And in the future the cost of building and operating HS2 will be taken from the already impoverished regions outside of London by cutting them off even further.
Its a hard pill to swallow when you are building for future generations and not your own. With projects this big that need to happen its inevitable there is conflict, always will be and always was. Great Doc.
As a UK citizen living in Leeds, I 100% support HS2. Yes the cost is high but as seen from China's successful high speed railway project, it brings economic growth and reduces the divide between regions by cutting journey length. Public support is probably low as the negatives are always put in the media without the positives. However, the axing of the Leeds line undermines this whole project. Birmingham to Leeds is one of the worst intercity lines which takes over 2hrs (similiar to driving). I'd argue as budget costs increase, that is more of a reason to stick to the original plan as alterations reduce the value of the project more than the offset costs from cuts
Very impressive piece of work guys. Better than the mainstream televised broadcasters
In current situation ditch this plan arleady. Maybe fix current trains
Governments excel at creating delays and cost overruns.
They should have started in the North if they really wanted it. Kinda like the privately funded rail system starting in an undeveloped California, which kept them on board for the expenses in the more developed East.
OT but lol at the caricature of Boris at 11:17 🤣
Great and informative video. I will say though, with rail prices where they are at the moment, I'd expect a trip to Brum to be in the region of £250 on HS2 which is not affordable by most
Ngl this video brings a whole sense of awe and wonder when thinking of people's perspective...kudos to B1M!!
Exceptional video. I really enjoyed the length too, it felt so comprehensive and balanced. I dipped in and put when I had the time but never really wanted to stop the video! There was no way I was not finishing it! I also appreciate that after showing both sides of a very controversial argument you actually gave your opinion (and a very informed and realistic one at that) rather than just presenting facts and avoiding opinion for fear of backlash. Opinion matters, especially from such an informative and well-researched channel. Big respect 👊 More of these types of videos would be great!!
NIMBYs can get in the bin.  Very well put together video - good job guys!
it is impossible to have all the people happy all the time
so much wasted time to approve 1 project .... from 2012 till 2020 they could've finished already it
Coule we please use imperial distances.
I think B1M misses the point.....the biggest problem for people up north is that they don't want to get to London 30 min quicker. We want to travel to work quicker and have better links between our northern towns and cities. The North is constantly ignored and we have had a enough. It is a disgrace. HS2 does not benefit people up north. I feel he seems hung up on how northerners are bothered about how fast we get to London.
Worlds most expensive railway and a  mega a project that goes only 150 miles as the crow flies. Do we laugh or cry?
I'm sorry but the environmental reasons are the stupidest ones, yes in the short term it will destroy and polute but that's the sacrifice to reduce car and plane use, which in the long term is much greater
Excellent insight. Due to the ease of commute from London to York the massive developments of higher end apartments in the city both brand new and renovations of older buildings has only sky rocketed prices in the city and it's suburbs with an increase of people buying up places as second/weekend bolt holes. All over the UK single or family renters are finding choices limited as HMO / air b&b is far more lucrative for landlords. I fail to see how HS2 is going to make it easier on those already struggling to house themselves whether renting or buying.  It would be nice for once if someone would genuinely recognise the big issues of HS2 rather than respond with spin or hyperbole and put it down to it being a minority = invalid opinion. 10 years on the way many people work has vastly changed, companies allowing more to work from home etc....I'm all for change but not for changes sake and there seems to be an element of sunk costs fallacy involved.
white elephant soon?
I love engineering works like this. However, in Spain although several high speed railways have been built, only one of them does not mean a lose of money. High speed trains here have costed a lot to taxpayers and each year we lose more and more money (in maintenance. Yes, maintenance costs are bigger than profits). Not to mention that the train company has eliminated some older railways who were cheaper (and slower) in order to force people to buy the high speed tickets. The difference? Normal ticket costed like £20 and now it is £80. Little people take the HS train because it is so expensive and the lower classes, like me, for example, prefer waiting a bit more and have a cheaper ticket, if possible. I think High speed railways are something very interesting from the point of view of engineering, but from an economic point of view, a total disaster. I hope HS2 gets profitable, not like Spain's railways
United Kingdom is small and lacking budget I don't think they require high speed railway at all. Like Japan who believes everything should be on time and their population density is way too high compare to UK major cities   a lot of people are not aware but in reality ,,, income of railways in all countries comes from goods transfer not Public service.  High speed railway cannot be used for profits because margin will be too low  Especially in country like UK where population density is lacking with good road infrastructure available all the time. it's understandable in India and China where all seats will be booked in advance atleast weeks ago for all scheduled trains. but in UK I don't think that's possible.    Don't build this to show off its pointless and only hurt tax payer pocket.  Instead build  something different Which is under budget and actually help UK commoner Families.  I think it's USA who actually needs High speed railways in modern times.
People always complain about raising costs, cause they cannot imagine the outcome. On other projects in other countries people enjoy the results, and the discussions about the costs are soon forgotten.
A more cost effective way to increase the value of train travel is to have a better experience on the train. Rather than get to the next city super fast to then go wait at a restaurant to eat, you can eat on the train. You can also have a meetings on the train. Yes, having meetings rooms available, for reservations as wells as having seating easy to reconfigure without any resevation and having enough extra seats, not every seat is full and having a conductor come by and offer you bottled water, beverages, drinks and more. You could have a gym car on the train, where people work out, shower and socialize. These all come at a cost, but the cost is minor compared to the billions being spent on the train. Having nice train stations where people can wait, and there are not homeless people, weather, rats, unsanitary conditions and are good bathrooms can mean a lot. This is costly, but doable. Keeping existing trains on time, on schedule, adding cars, having extra capacity, having the right temperature, and humidity in every car, having space, having news, weather, entertainment, education this is all part of balancing the experience. People go to Disney World to wait in lines to ride trains, people want a positive experience. There are lots of ways to create a better experience. You can have private membership cards, various classes of travel, get rid of undesirables such as bums and homeless. If you look at every moment on a train as something that can be utilized for good, and not just a waste of time, it helps to make a journey go by faster. You could have sleeping cars on the train, whereby people can take a nap, rest and relax. If you are going to have people spending time on the train everyday, they can have mobile college classes (something that someone pays hundreds of dollars per hour of education). A mobile college class would allow a worker to get a better degree by utilizing time spent going to work everyday. There can also be religious services, classes, and entire subculture can build up around time spent on the train. The time to build out programs may be much less than the time and effort to shorten the train travel time.
Excellent documentary.
incompetent UK leaders? .. blames on others again? ..
Excellent video. The design of this project is too elaborate and expensive. It is a colossal white elephant rather than a useful infrastructure project. It is daft to bore expensive rail tunnels in order to preserve a few old trees.
It's a lot of money but well worth it for future generations. HS2 should go all the way to the Scottish border so everybody north of London gets some benefit.
If plan B fails too, they can move to plan "C" and call the Chinese. XD
There is an easy way to figure out if something like this is worth it. First, you need to take the cost savings of time, how many minutes saved by passengers (How many passengers times how many trips = how many hours) and multiple that by the hourly wage. This will show the savings. Then you need to figure out the cost of the project. If you take the savings and divide it by the cost you get return on investment. Now this number is not complete, but is a great starting point. Since the savings is only around a half hour per person, and there is already a good normal train route, covering this route chances are very high this project will never be worth while. Once you figure out the cost and the benefit you need to compare that to other returns (like how much money you would get if you invest in the stock market). Generally, a cost of capital should be 6 to 10%. (That is what one can get in other investments.  It probably would be cheaper to upgrade the existing train route, make longer trains, more train cars, increase speeds, and create a better experience. Having traveled all around the world, on various train systems, it is vary rare that they are truely worthwhile. It takes a very high density in order to make mass transit make sense. This project probably increased costs greatly by trying to dig under forests. Those decisions likely increased the cost by crazy numbers (like $200,000 per tree saved). Other ways one can increase value on a route like this can be by creating a better experience. Times on trains can be used to eat, workout, have meetings ect.
As a Californian, the pace of working through bureaucracy to build HS2 is staggering. California High-Speed rail is going to be a 50-year project by the time they're done.
Great video. Nicely balanced and it was good to see Leeds focussed on. My only correction is that the ‘billions’ you said have been spent on local infrastructure around the region in Leeds has not been ‘spent’ - it has only been ‘promised’. And government is yet to actually cough up for the amount it has promised to cities such as Leeds, Manchester and Bradford.
It's not dividing a nation - that's hyperbole. It is relevant only to those who have some interest in it.  British people have more pressing concerns, both long and short term - whether a railway is built just isn't a topic of discussion amongst most people.
This will threaten the spotted wood owl and possibly some whales...Stop HS2!!! 8)
Bro what supps you on??
Once more than a billion dollars is involved, it's nearly IMPOSSIBLE to stop a building project.
Why would anyone think that a government job is a job created. Government only has the money that I takes from its citizens (mostly corporations), and government maybe the most inefficient group with money. Therefore for every job “created” by government spending is at least 1 job (likely more) it took from the private sector with a factor of inefficiency. Governments don’t create jobs; they do some very good and needed things but they don’t create jobs. Private companies do.
Great watch, well done.
Incredible video! Very interesting and informative. Thank you sir!
I have never heard such bull@#$*: Everything costs money and time. UK needs to improve and upgrade Transportation.  Once all is done. It will be a different story.  Even a better future.  LET IT BE.
Theres just no way Boris can greenlight hs2 for the people there has to be a personal gain for him and the torys
I thought I was watching a Kurzgesagt video. Comprehensive, yet comprehensible. Great writing, production and editing.
nothing there why didnt they just build on top of ground.
One easy way to reduce the ammount of commuters is telework. But apparently it's only possible during pandemics...
Britain invented the train, and now it's the most backward country when it comes to rail infrastructure. NIMBies and incompetent politicians are to blame for this backward mentality
Infrastructure always pays off in the long term.
Now that the UK is not part of the EU anymore, they have the money to spend on this 😂😂
Overspent money is better than never spent money.
Will the fares be cheaper than existing trains? Not a chance! Will the trains be driverless and cutting edge? Not a chance! Will the trains run on hot sunny days over 30 degrees C? Not a chance!  This is the biggest money pit ever.
When Xi Jinping says "I want a railway between here to there", it get's built. No argument.
All big project in the U.K are a England. despite Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland paying taxes as well lol :D
it's all insane. I think just stick to phase one and shelve the rest.
China can do the same job in less than 20 billion dollars.
i am stunned that they build tunnels just for protection of some trees.  It is not a very wise decision for controlling the cost (which determines the viability of this projects).
This is great, but why do you keep on prefacing by saying "it's not just the UK, but..." - and then list an issue that the UK is facing? I get patriotism, but just because other countries are facing said issue, doesn't make it less painful for the average taxpayer.
An excellent video by the B1M team. Will HS2 be worth it? Big question... but look at HS1. The London to Europe link via the Channel Tunnel. Look at how that has impacted travel and the ease of getting to Paris or Brussels or beyond. Sure it has run in to steep operating costs/difficulties in the last couple of years because of COVID but things are starting to return to normal.  Whilst business travel might have reduced, I still want to be able to use the route to visit my family in UK from France, rather than driving or flying to UK.  When things join up they work well. I can go to my local station here in France, less than 10 minutes from my house. Catch a train at just after 7am and be in London by 2:30pm in the afternoon. Add in the benefits of it being more relaxing and far less stressful and the benefits out weight the issues for me.
Wonderful video.  However, it is not the UK.  It is England.
Only one solution. Give it to China.
We don't need high-speed rail. We need to increase capacity and decrease prices. Look at the success of European budget rail travel... that's the way to get masses of people off the roads.
hs2: £1,300 per ticket lmao
This video is a masterpiece. Raises the game for what is possible with YouTube content.
fascinating educational channel, whether you agree with the topic or not
37 mins though rly come on
Wait til you realising a trip from Birmingham to London will cost you two hundred quid
Quality video, great work!
Laughing in Chinese 😂
Both parties backs the hs2, so people "chose this" is the biggest bs ive ever heard. If both parties agree on this, then people didn't get to choose anything... "Democracy". Dont even attempt to tell me that you can vote another party, dont be that naive. That is called representative system and they sold it to you as "democracy ". You dont vote individual proposals, you vote entire packages of laws. You just get to choose between (two) closed menus, wether you like the dessert or not.  Ps: i like hs2.
HS2 is just a job creation scheme going wrong. Large parts of it have already been binned and the odds of the remaining bit being completed aren't looking good either. I'm not hard up - but I can't afford to travel by train. It is cheaper, simpler and more reliable for me to drive from Derby to Glasgow with just me in the car. Putting another person in my car does not have any significant effect on my costs but would double my train fare.  I sincerely hope the whole thing falls flat on its rear end.
When Eastern European railways with train tickets less than ten Euros are more reliable than the railways in the UK.
Everyone complains our rail network is shyte but when a government does something about everyone complains.
Great video, content like this is why I look for independent journalism these days.
Really interesting video, cheers!
In the UK we have a railway network that was largely build by the Victorians, it is creaking at the seams and in many places there is no spare capacity, or space to increase and improve services.  The only way to improve the current situation is to build new infrastructure, to deliver carbon neutral transport links and, yes, at a higher speed to meet demand.  I am one of the small percentage of the population who are totally pro-HS2, I am grateful to those who had the vision to design and deliver it, it will be the largest improvement in the railways I have seen in my lifetime...comparable with the Channel Tunnel.  But there is the rub, to deliver a real improvement and far greater opportunity for rail travel and economic benefit, HS1 and HS2 should have been integrated.  Now I guess that is possible in future, although there may not be an appetite for it, to be able to travel by train from the likes of Leeds or Manchester to Paris or Brussels...to be integrated with the European high speed rail network...now that really would be something worth shouting about!
Reminds me of an episode of Utopia.
Great video. Thanks, guys. As for HS2 itself, I'm still skeptical. I remember watching a vlog from the late Geoffrey Palmer about this. It cuts through where he lived. He noted that  West Coast line trains in the rush hour were seldom anywhere near capacity. The need for this whole project is just not there. Sadly, it looks like this is going to happen regardless. The London-centric nature of this country gives the north the short straw again. London is already well connected. Wouldn't it have been better to invest in the infrastructure up in the north first and connect it to London at the end?
The time of construction is absolutely ridiculous. By the end of the construction the technology will be outdated. The budget amendments are even worse.. I mean, someone should go to jail for this decisions and management.
I like trains.
The trouble with most projects in the U.K. is that they only get the go ahead if It benefits London first..everyone else comes second. That’s why they started HS2 from London.. so they could get the Benefit first.. and spend the money before it ran out. It was just another way to suck more money into London.. either in investment or widening the pool of people that could work in London but live elsewhere. Most people are happy with 2 hours into London from the north.. it’s affordable and there are enough trains to satisfy demand. No one ever mentioned how much a train ticket under HS2 was going to cost.. if it’s a lot more than the current one then demand will be massively less than expectation. Just imagine if the HS2 had started to be built from the north to the south.. I doubt that it would have lasted a year before the project would have been pulled. It’s always London first. Just imagine a fast line between Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, York and Hull.. how much investment would that bring compared with London. That would free up capacity for rail freight… instead of going to EU from Dover.. Hull to Holland would become far more desirable. A lot of people made a lot of money from this failed project…..and it’s the taxpayers that will be paying the bill for many decades to come.
one of the largest my ass, China has 40 000km high speed realway. This is the smallest.
Thanks. Brilliant documentary. The only problem is I am still as undecided on HS2 as I was before.
Well I'm not British, but all put together, this seems like a must have project. Train is one of the best inventions of humanity on every level, even environmental friendliness. If you will really use this instead of cars, it's well worth it. And if it's really only 30 football fields of trees cit down, that's practically nothing compared to the scale and benefits of the project. I'm all for preserving trees, but other countries cut rhis amount in a few days just for heating... shame. So I would say stick to it and make it happen, AND use it extensively instead of any internal combustion vehicle travel.
I think yes waste of money. Just use current rain lines, upgrade everything what is needed to electricity friendy trains and go. But now this, nah.
Governments spend billions all the time and how much was Track and Trace again?
The British manage to screw up just about everything they touch.   Still haven't managed to go metric after nearly 50 years when other countries did it easily and smoothly in a few short years.   I gave up on my BritRail pass when I was in England, it was so useless and unpleasant travelling on British trains. Cross the channel and you can see how large projects are done by competent governments.  But no matter how much money they put in a big pile and set on fire with HS2, they will never match the insane stupidity and waste of Brexit!
I moved some mud and dug a hole 100billion please lol
Considering how crazy expensive trains in Britain are I wonder how “affordable” it will be to compete with cars…
Fred, this was epic. An odyssey of construction and the political game.  Without triggering certain cohorts, it’s analogous to Brexit. The north England ageing population tended to vote for it. If there is to be a Brexit benefit, those who voted for it will be worm food by then.   Similar to how my money here in Bedfordshire is to benefit folks up north in 30 yrs time.  Still, I like seeing stuff built!!!
Exciting to see this happening in the UK but i can imagine the tickets will be very expensive.  Ps. Best channel of this kind in YT.
By the time it's built, it'll be £250 one way and end at Birmingham.
It was for Europe lol not for the UK people wake up everyone
A lot of the problem is how it seems we always get a lowball estimate. The project is sold at a half, a third, or even worse of what it ends up costing. After a while, it’s hard to believe that the people selling the project didn’t know beforehand the likely real cost. HS2. The Big Dig. California HSR. The Berlin airport. And on and on. But it’s now pretty much a given that our leaders are lying to us whenever they open their mouths.
Indonesian here, we're just finishing up our own hsr line but so far I can see a whole lot of similarities on public opinion on our own hsr and hs2.
AS TAXPAYER, I FEEL NOT SAY, IN THIS PROJECT, AS IN SWITZERLAND WAS SPEND ON NEW PROJECT CALLED ST GODDARD TUNNEL, PEOPLE WAS VOTE ON, GAVE THEY ANSWER, AS ENGLAND  LONDON  BENEFIT NEARLY MAJOR PROJECTS EG CROSS RAIL, , I  INTEREST WHAT MY NEICES AND NEPHEWS WILL SAID ABOUT PROJECT IN THE FUTURE
I thought this related to Sri Lanka, Bangladesh or some African/Arab Country. Boy, was I wrong. It's the Bloody British! =D
Would the same protests,if it was a Formula 1 highway all the way to Scotland????
Gov wasted £400 billion on the Covid19, most of that money went to corporations who lobbied and gave backhanders to MP's and councillors
wow!!!, it's so nice we are all leaders of tomorrow aside the fact we are all chasing our individual needs, there is always a need for finaicial approach in achieving all of this , why don't you try an approach called passive trading strategy by pam baker to acchieve all of this
We need high speed railway in the midlands....
You should ask china to help you, it has built lots of high speed rail systems
Carbon neutral travel my arse who are they kidding..not that I believe in the nonsense 🤦‍♂️
100 million pounds per week for next 20 years seems a lot but it is less than 2 pounds per person per week for next 20 years. I'm sure people spend more on gums and chocolates more than that.
"spreading wealth" is where HS2 gets itself into trouble. What it does is connect a bunch of large, already wealthy, already well-connected and serviced cities together. The worst-case scenario is it is actually successful and creates a London-Birmingham-Manchester megalopolis, and the best case scenario is it makes relatively not-wealthy people pay for a very very very expensive train system that knocks a few minutes off journey times and trashes large corridors of major cities. There was a better way - you take a line that runs up the country but is less used and in an appropriate location (Midland Main Line, anybody?) and upgrade it then create an integrated rail network by upgrading the other parts of the network - there are places without electrified lines, there are places that still use semaphore signalling, there are lines that use the most awful rolling stock, here are really obvious junctions on the main lines that cause major traffic issues; but alas the government didn't want to know because the government (or rather successive governments) wanted a nameplate project rather than an integrated transport network that actually works. HS2 is why when Boris got himself into trouble he went looking for friends and found the political support cupboard was bare - what he should have done is on the day he came to power immediately stopped the thing, cancelled all the contracts and put somebody on the task of doing it right - if he'd done that he wouldn't be looking around for a new job. The real sting in the tail of HS2 isn't going to be that it's going to make large rail projects politically impossible for decades, it isn't going to be it's final monetary cost - it's going to be the harm it does to other well-functioning rail lines that will become financially infeasible and should have got financial support instead - like the East Coast Mainline which don't have much of a future, but people rely on to commute to and attend meetings, use for leisure travel etc, the costs of these services will rocket, if they continue to exist in years to come. What's worse still is that there's a _strong_ chance of rail becoming moot technology within the next 20 years anyway; by the time this is all done there's every chance other countries will be quickly building hyperloop systems to catch up anyway or that driverless vehicles+EVs will completely ruin the value of rail and we'll be stuck paying the bill for this nonsense - there was a way forward, upgrade and improve what we have and hold and wait on the nameplate project, see which way the wind blows over the next 10 years.
People hating on it because they leave their little towns and cities
Environment wokes & socialist prudes are the biggest threat to world progress. More often than not they are the same people.
Build it. You'll never reget it.
My big problems with HS2 are that it is little more than a vanity project, and capacity would have been improved better by removing chokepoints on the existing network, like the Welwyn bottleneck on the East Coast Main Line, to identify just one, particularly glaring example. Then there is the "democratic process" of approval when we were given the choice of yes or yes, as both major parties were in favour, and no feasible vote was available against it. And unless ticket prices are set to a far more reasonable level than rail travel prices at present, it will only be of benefit to the wealthiest among us. The balance of the cost of this vanity project would have been far better spent on, for example, complying with the UN decision on the UK's failure to meet its obligations to those with disabilities, which the Conservatives just shrugging and saying effectively "so what are you going to do about it" and carrying on with the systemic institutional abuse of the most vulnerable in society, just to give tax cuts to the wealthiest. The whole project simply widens the gap between rich and poor, which is wider than it has been since WW2.  This is a national disgrace. Of course, those directly involved in constructing this white elephant would be in favour of it - they are the ones (and probably the only ones) profiting from it.  Unless all those politicians in favour of it are getting kickbacks, which would not surprise me in the least.  How many have shares in the construction companies, I wonder?
Hightway or Railway, people always oppose everything, its good thing. But when time past over people in generation will thanks for their grant parents for building it to service people.
Did you get to keep the jacket?
i want catch a train say from germany to manchester  by 1 train  will this possible once completed if not waste of money  lol
The timing of this massive project could not possibly be worse. Japan is held up as the shining example of a costly project that became a focal point of national pride, but that was built when there wasn't a better alternative in the works. Also- Japan's high speed rail connects cities that are absolutely massive to being with, which Leeds for example in the north of England is decidedly not.  As I implied, there is a superior zero-carbon alternative in the works and it will emerge as a truly viable option in the final years of this project's completion. That alternative is electric flight, and it's coming at us pretty fast. Once that really starts to take off, pun intended, there will be so many vertiports and so many electric planes zipping around England. I think it would be very smart to place such an airport within easy walking distance of the Chunnel- so it's very easy to arrive in London by train and then fly to pretty much any other city that you want. Electric flight is going to be incredibly cost effective- more than ten times cheaper per flight hour than the flights that we are accustomed to. Electric planes will be short range and they won't have a large capacity at first, but that's just fine for the size of England and for the amount of air traffic that there is likely to be. Airports only take up the land that they take off and land from as well. You don't need to build a whole project all the way from A to B- just fly through the air.  Right about the time that this high speed rail project runs into its final delays, the viability of electric flight is going to become perfectly obvious. It will promise to connect any city in England of almost any size, as long as they have a small regional airport. Tickets will very likely be cheaper than for this rail line, there won't be huge projects that are overly costly, and people will still be able to travel at 200 km per hour or more from end to end while having zero carbon emissions. There's far more future upside for electric flight as well- there is more innovation to be had as speed and capacity increases.   Like I said, the timing for this could not be worse. Before it's even completed, a zero emission competitor will emerge as a clearly superior option and a city like Leeds may find that they're just fine without the rail connection. Oh, one last side note- electric planes are expected to generate about one third the amount of noise that comparably sized traditional planes now produce, so that's going to completely change the dynamic of living near an airport. Or vertiport, as the case may be. When electric flight gets going, there will be So many high paid people from London that will choose to work mostly remotely, move to a less expensive place that's 200 to 300 km away, and make a point of living within 10 or 15 minutes of an airport with electric flight that can take them back to London once a week or a couple of times a month- whatever they need. They'll be able to make the trip in about an hour, including time spent getting through the airport which should be relatively fast at a regional airport, and that travel time will improve rather quickly over the years. On top of that, they'll pay less than half the price for a comparable flight using present technology- and it will probably be less expensive than the price point for a high speed rail ticket. Those who set these things up and build the infrastructure won't have to spend nearly as much or put up with these delays, and investors will see good ROI in relatively short order.   This high speed rail project- not all of them in all places at all times, but this particular one at this time- is going to look so stupid in about 5 years' time. The English and especially Londoners will look back on this with so much regret.
And what about the south west and Wales? These people are paying for something that has zero benefits for them!
Such mega projects easily raise the questions about necessity. But its  crazy the way its done.
Love the longer form video.
Sounds like the rich are shitty about having to pay 100 million pounds tax! All infrastructure costs, buckets loads of money.
lol.... failure of your own country's project you need to drag other nations to justify it.... so low
An excellent video which tackles the complexities of the politics of HS2. With construction issues and examining the "For" and "Against". Only time will tell.
Wow he's the boss of the b1m. Okok he's young.  Great voice 👌
Plan is great but really poor execution. Typical
I love when politicians talk about it being a colossal waste of public money….. oh the irony! Talk about a lack of self awareness
Just ramp up your aviation
Sounds like a great step forward for the UK
Any kind of infrastructure works over centuries affected countryside and people. But there is benefits to better public transport in the long run. I'd rather the existing train lines be upgraded if possible, e.g. northern rail to travel much faster into the towns/smaller cities.
Are you aware of any projects like this that propose renting land from owners instead of compulsory acquisition?
The protestors against this over environmental concerns are so stupid it's painful 😖
This is all part of the WEF Agenda 2030. That's why it will be built irrespective of cost. This is also why it should be resisted by every means available. Rather than globalists projects people should be returning to localism and rejecting the transhumanist nightmare future. Infrastructure has the "benefit" of funneling taxpayer money to the big political donors. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Poorer not simply in material wealth but in the loss in the quality of life, of social capital, of community and traditions. Of course young people can't understand what has been lost, they're brainwashed to believe technology and "progress" is good.
Better u build public Bunker so u can save peoples against Russia nuclear threat
Awesome video very well put together
Long form B1M? Holy hell, we're going for a ride!  Thank you!
Here in California we have our $100 bn boondoggle called HSR. Bureaucrats who can’t run a business certainly can’t run a railroad. Wait till the try tunnelling through the crazy strata and faults of the Tehachipis. They can’t even build on solid, level ground! What about 0 to 225 to 0? How much time & distance to do so …. in comfort?
I would rather the extra money was spent and more northern cities linked. I would like high speed rail to link Glasgow and Edinburgh to English cities and the same for Bristol and Cardiff. Sadly I think its all about sucking more talent down to London.
For 17 billion dollars India is building a 508Km High speed Rail corridor between Mumbai & Ahmedabad.
Not everyone knows this but Ashville aggregates supplies material for HS2...
All rail construction should stop and wait for Hyperloop.
There is no climate emergency. It is created news. False if you prefeer.
This is very interesting. Thank you.
like Parappa said, you gotta believe
The environmental costs have to be calculated against environmental costs not doing it.  Dumping extra people on the highways and more roads have environmental costs.           These projects wherever in the world are done by governments knowing the estimates of costs are too low and speed of completion is too short.  I also suspect a lot of the engineering firms and contractors like the government officials know they can delay, find new things, because once the project has begun, it can't be stopped and more money will always is available.  I have a feeling the men in many of the firms plan to keep the project going so there as of yet unborn sons will have a job.
Why can France, Japan, Spain, Germany and China get HSR and other infrastructure projects done at a fraction of the cost and in a fraction of the time of the UK and US?  Too many conflicts of interests in the system and too many people taking their cut, mushrooming the costs and placing roadblocks.  Since Regan and Thatcher, the Angloshere has completely lost its memory on how to build an 'Infrastructure Case' (not a business case), based on a 25 year vision of investments and macro economic benefits. Why? Because neoliberalism only support microeconomic benefits for vested interests and oligarchs.  Then when you now try to build something big, you are lost: same in UK, US and Australia..... Not the case in the EU or Japan.
Straight through the country side and ruin landscapes wildlife for the sake of 30min saved on a journey no  one asked for. I live near denham where they have ruined fields,lakes,rivers, country sides its shocking the destruction caused
Can we just clarify something here for those who say the money could be spent on something else.   There isn't a big pot of money labelled HS2 sitting on a shelf in some dark corner of a stationary cupboard at the Treasury. And there never was. If HS2 isn't built or completed, that imaginary pot of money doesn't then get relabelled 'schools' or 'housing' or 'hospitals'   Capex funding for such a project is provided through borrowing. That money borrowed is secured against future ticket sales and other revenue generated through HS2. Now the question should be, 'how long would that take?' Who knows? I don't know. Does anyone know?  Similarly, that borrowing will also be mitigated against tangible economic growth and benefit in key areas.  One could argue, predictably, much of that will be London; but that's for a different debate. Intangible benefits such as environmental, would also provide another mitigation route.  For example, how much, if any, freight will migrate from road and to rail as a result of the freeing up of space on existing conventional rail routes?  No one doubts the cost benefit analysis has seen a reduction in the ratios from the original forecasts back in 2012 to when work commenced. Mainly as a result of rising costs.  But let's not kid ourselves that there's a very big jar somewhere with 120 billion in used notes stuffed in it from mine and your tax receipts.
Don't forget that it took Japan 50 years to get the Nagasaki shinkansen built which only opens next month and its only half the route originally planned because one of the prefectures it was supposed to run through refused to pay their share because they said it would have no economic benefit to them so don't worry, it's not just the UK that faces opposition to major rail projects!
Imagine a engineering channel using imperial units lol
Governments have been lying to their people since government was invented.  The only thing governments are good at is growing, like a cancer.
I’m always in favor of big trains. Be it this or the cal highway. Will cost so much and take ages but that will all be forgotten once the project is done
look back to the early motorways lots of protests at the time but look at the usage now.  Also HS2 needs to go on to Scotland and Leeds  and the north east the benefits such as more slots on the west coast railway for more freight trains to take trucks off the motorways
This is more useful than spend money for war in Afganistan etc
You know what’s bigger and more expensive? The failed product in California 😂
16:12 looooool i laughed out loud at that dude.
Ik it’s great for speed but it literally doesn’t do what it was supposed to: go to Leeds
How incredibly slow the progress is.
As a Mid-West American who's in a city which only public transit consists of short 20 year old Busses with no handicap accessibility, this video was incredibly fun to watch. I dream of living in a place dominated by public transit and not cars/trucks/busses/etc
Cash cow, money pit.
Lol. High speed aluminum tube travel = Boeing This isnt about expanding economies up North. It's about drawing more down to London. If you want to expand the economy up north, they would have started with the connections of Birmingham, Manchester and New Castle. But they started in London. That shows their true interest.
I wonder if Fred and his crew used the train to travel between the various locations they reported from?
What a fantastic documentary. The interviews are so well and professionally done. Really appreciate the expertise in these across the board.
gvts borrow all SPENDY... and foist the bill on you the TAXPAYER... tru story.. virtch  nunnaya understand or agree with this fact,... watch how few fantsy seekers accept this truth  fantasy seeker... tee vee .. radio.. social mishmash.. movie... puter.... cellie / pocket computer.. pc
I live on the north shore of Boston look up the big dig. traffic is still unreal and simple fix aren't happening.
similar problem in my country aswell. Even though Austria is quite a small dot on the map we are currently spending well in excess of 40 billion euros (thats roughly 10% of our gdp)  on upgrading our rail network and like the hs2 only a very small part of the population might or might not benefit from it.
I think this important as it will link the north and south through business and also we in the UK need to keep advancing and growing our skilled labour
Luddites are retarding the growth of human civilization!
Why would you want HS railway, just to make people travel up & down for SERVICE jobs? When information can travel at speed of light.  Why not use the Internet to integrate remote work for service jobs? (Since most jobs in gig economy are Internet based)
The Bree Louise - what a great pub. Sad it's gone
11:14 the cartoon version of Boris Johnson is hilarious lol
I am strongly in favour of HS2.
I say who wouldn’t want to arrive sooner? And carbon neutral/0 carbon is REALLY GOOD. Sucks to get that progress we need to harm the planet a bit more but what’s worse, same old same old/status quo or spending a couple yrs on construction to make the planet better?
A big benefit of of HS2 is the freeing up of capacity on local /  regional lines.
Sweet
Watching from California like 👀. Such great work with this piece team!
HS2 is essentially rebuilding the Central line which Beeching should never have removed  HS2's biggest benefit isn't along the line  Freeing up the east and west coast main lines from having mixed mode (more importantly, wildly mixed speed) freight/pax loadings will essentially double their capacity. High speed travel us just a bonus    The buildout stage plans are flat out silly. Phase 2 & 3 can be done quickly and easily, giving high speed rail North of Birmingham whilst Phase 1 routing was still being argued  Regarding 'ancient woodland' - most of these are plantation forests planted to provide wood and masts for the Royal Navy  One of the routing issues is town locations.  Past lines frequently avoid towns and used cheap land,  with things then growing up along the rail route. A fixation on "city centre to city centre" can be unhealthily expensive if there's a decent transit system available to plug into. After all, getting you 15 minutes from the centre is still vastly better than what an airport can achieve
HS2 is going to be a wonderful thing - provided it’s actually affordable to use. If it is, then it should cut down on car travel between the north and the south. It’s been amazing to see some of the work done in Birmingham. If nothing else - it’s nice that somewhere outside of London is getting some new infrastructure for a change!
my guess 3 trillion. No budget is ever on point.
About all that commentary on the cost increases, and just the enourmous budget for such a project.  Here's a little factoid on the REAL value of such grand civil engineering projects:  In the Bay Area of California, a 'commuter' rail was built in the 1960's - the Bay Area Rapid Transit District - BART - to connect San Francisco with the (soon to be built suburbs in the coming decades) the East Bay region across the San Francisco Bay. (Basically a cummuter rail from the suburbs into the downtown San Francisco business district.)  Underground stations were only to be built (in the original plans/edition) in San Francisco (3), Oakland (2) and Berkeley (1).  The rest of the East Bay was to have the trains travel on elevated platforms throughout.  Unlike other East Bay cities, the city of Berkeley citizens did not want those raised railways dividing their city.  So a ballot measure was voted on, to underground the railway throughout the entire city, and build the other two BART stations in Berkelely underground.    The cost of building a subway through the city and the two underground stations was considered extremely expensive for the time.  Much handwringing at the time at that cost.  The cost to build that subway and underground starion:  $17 million.  Today, BART couldln't build an elevator for one of its stations for that.  Bottom line - while all of this nashing about the "costs" of building large civil engineering project, what is lost is that these projects are not for use for mere decades, but are on a century scale.    The video is well done.  However, a suggestion for the authors would be to add in some perspective such as what was the budget for the railways built in the 1800's.  I would fathom it would be in the £1,000's and not the £Billions for today's budget.  That comparison alone would give folks a bit of perspective on whether things are 'expensive' or not.     Also, as well pointed out in the comments here, a lot of that money spent does circulate in the country, if not the local economies, so the country as a whole will see it returned.  (In other words, the workers get paid, and pay taxes, etc.)  And, the cost of payback for a larger project is generally spread out over decades too - not just all in the next year or so.  A visit to Itally one can see some rather well depreciated infrastructure - viaducts built in Roman times still in use.  I's sure there was some discussion then on the cost of those viaducts!
I mean, nice... but why not spending a fraction of the cost and get 80% of the effect with a modern train/track like the ICE (Germany) or the TGV (France???) ... since Thatcher privatized BR, getting around in the UK by rail was an expensive and risky adventure. Why not fix that problem first before spending billions on a "solution" that's benefiting only a small fraction of travelers?
People saying that you can get from one side of the UK to another easily in a day is not true. Yes in some cases depending where you are it’s drivable by car, considering traffic conditions. But going from the far north of Scotland to the far south west of England is like an 11-12 hour drive. So high speed rail travel is beneficial in a range of different ways even though it’ll be more concentrated throughout the middle of the country. Reducing intercity car travel is a goal.
Great vid!
If the choices are the equivalent to the brighter green or the darker green then there is no choice just an illusion. Instead of green we're dealing with HS2, who decided on HS2 at all? Who brought it up and how did the people of England vote yay or nay on that?
Very cool, certainly worth it!
This project looks like one big disaster. Even if they complete it, will there be any benefit?
There were trains in this ? 🥰
Great video. I started watching your videos last year as a beginner before At the moment bitcoin is the best and profitable coin to buy and invest in.giving stock market a trial. I was able to make $17,300 in one month with a capital of $4,000 trading with an experience expert who guided me through out my trading.
They should complete phase one then scrap the rest of the project more people workimg from home than ever and current recession as inflation at 15%. Cut loses at phase one
This is a TV quality video, such a great watch, keep up the good work guys! 👏
Comment
People would appreciate the HS2 if they built the viaducts and bridges better. No one wants to see a viaduct as seen in the video cutting through the green and pleasant land of Britain so if they do make one make it beautiful like the Glenfinnan Viaduct and the train stations like ST Pancras or King's cross.  It also doesn't help that they are tearing down ancient woodland and historic homes as old as the 17th century which doesn't support their reputation.
There are hundreds of projects in China that’s bigger than this one. Bigger meaning either longer, deeper, faster, or all of the above.   But I appreciate this UK railway project is indeed a world biggest problem.
We're decades behind our neighbours when it comes to high-speed rail. Connecting our two biggest cities should be the bare minimum for a developed country and the benefits of having it in place, such as getting people out of their cars and into the single cleanest form of mass transport cannot be stressed enough. All of the NIMBYs and the easily duped should stop stifling progress and accept HS2 is going ahead
Really great video 📹
Excellent and balanced report. Of course HS2 is not an easy thing to do, but the benefits will be huge.
A million times better than TV. I trust B1M than all TV
Well done again B1M! I still say HS2 is a must and it's detractors have no credible alternative or solution to the problems HS2 will solve!
If you think this is bad,  check out the light rail project in Seattle WA.  It is actually similar in cost... but much less delivered. Absolutely terrible value for money, most of it probably went to union fat cats and pensions.
8:46 ".. offering carbon-free travel" - good to sea that the UK has the good sense to use nuclear energy. Well done.
This is what happens when you give those drunk with power and money the keys to the Treasury.
Amazing video thank you
Great video. I started watching your videos last year as a beginner before At the moment bitcoin is the best and profitable coin to buy and invest in.giving stock market a trial. I was able to make $17,300 in one month with a capital of $4,000 trading with an experience expert who guided me through out my trading.
This story almost entirely mirrors the same challenges that Japan's Shinkansen went through (with differences of course).
All the objections are NIMBYism.
This country's always been like that Eurotunnel, Crossrail (live in London excellent). It's a really shame rest of Europe have had the like for decades. I'd never use it right next to Heathrow but still worth it.
I remember when Denmark tried to build the big belt bridge/tunnel. Nobody was for it. But, it paid for itself in less than 20 years.
Excellent Documentary.
hs2 is not needed and a waste of public money
First Class Production
You just know the ticket prices are going to be prohibitive... All very well promoting it as green, but if the cost of riding these trains are way more than driving (like they currently are), then it's just a waste.  - Excellent video by the way 😜
HS2 is an amazing idea, and personally, I don't care how much it ultimately end up costing us.  Down here in the South East, the HS1 is a godsend.  Just a shame it's become a political and economical weapon, both from politicians and mad eco-warriors.
If you're going to build a railway you may as well make it high speed. Much easier than upgrading something later.
The people had no choice but to vote for it unless you don't vote! They should have known where salt mines are! Can see where money gets wasted!
A 30 min B1M video? I legit sat, grabbed a snack, and was very interested. I'm in California, so seeing developments of high speed rail anywhere in the world is so fascinating. Our state Gov has been trying to make high speed rail work here for decades... but as with anything in America, its up to the whims of current politics and attitudes towards "socialism" and a disdain for the public good.  So to see a country like the UK have to overcome so many hurdles to make this project happen, gives me little to no hope that it'll be completed here. So cheers to you Brits, still better than us at most things lol.  thanks for the thoughtful, detailed, and overall enjoyable video. Us constructions nerds love this stuff- even if watching from across the globe.
They just don’t care about Yorkshire at all like our lines in Hull still aren’t electrified and we still have trains from the 80s
HS2 like most heavy rail serves are small subset of people. Its near impossible for rail to adopt to travel needs and the environmental destruction when building them dwarfs what air travel could ever do.  The people who cannot travel already will not suddenly find HS2 allowing for them to do so. Mobility is not a trait of those in the lower classes.  how long will it take to pay back the carbonization created while this line was built?  A hundred billion pounds/dollars/euros spent on renewable energy would benefit far more people with easily measured benefits increasing each year as the project progresses.
He hits the real reason at around the 7:50 mark "you no longer have to live in an expensive area in order to work there" That means cities like mine (Manchester) will become the new commuter belt, causing house and other prices to go through the room. It's going to be a disaster for us, but great for London. As usual.  And we still don't even have an electrified line between Manchester and Sheffield 🙃
Governments have to anticipate our infrastructure needs decades ahead. There was probably an uproar when they built the M1 in the 60s.
The more amazing the engineering, the more amazing someone put the money on the table to make it a reality.
Good job UK . Asian and middle eastern countries have better infrastructure than Europe , north and South America , Australia / newzeland etc . That’s how Asian countries became economic powerhouses of this century . The UK has finally realized it and is working with few projects .  The us still finding funding difficulties  Au, nz ~ more or less villages doesn’t make much difference if they have infrastructure or not .  Europe - few countries are trying but majority of the people are protesting .
Wow! What an incredibly in depth coverage! The Ahmedabad - Mumbai HS is what was going on in my mind while watching this.
It’s suffering the California fate. Sad
Some very full Tory pockets after this is all said and done. 💙👍
The south of England aways Benefits and the North gets screwed
Would this even be a thing if BR had not been deregulated?
It would have been nice if B1M had left out some of its uncritical videos of scams like hyperloop.
Why does this sound like the us but in reverse. The us (our country is to big for HSR). UK (We are too small for HSR) while spending money on everything else.
HS2 was proposed by the government as a scheme wherein the north would prosper and get better connections for economic benefit. Going back on their word and only really caring about the southern leg, from where the scheme started, has shown that all policies are only London-centric and that these London politicians just care about London problems.   Politicians in London simply want to have their cake and eat it too - all whilst putting out a public face that sets a different impression. Politics is nasty.
Now they know how much their forefathers must have stolen from other countries to build all the infrastructure they enjoy!
At this level of cost the high speed rail tcketss will need to be subsidized forever else no one will be able to afford to ride.
Looks like HS2 and CHSR are struggling with similar issues. But once built it will bring an incalculable socio-economic impact. Just look at Oresund region.
what a waste of money. The WCML already does 125mph which is perfect for a country of our size. we are not France, Germany, Spain or Japan. why not invest money into green air transport or automated cars??
I Have blog mentioned.. Here it's safe ..  have some online shopping banners I have provided.continues monthly needs continued, will start website's. if MONTHLY,WHEAT, COOKING OILS, DUSTBIN BAGS, WASHING POWDERS, SOAPS, SHAMPOOS, CLEANING THING'S.. world wide tse... STATISTICS world countries to see ..itself big trap  and keep of there  mistakes?? Needed 20peoples 5000(same 5000 usd, euro all those are??) rupees purchased monthly NEEDS it's satisfies for me monthly 5000 money some commission fees they pay.. what àbout  international driving other country purchase in there currency MINE ARE??ITS ALL?? pay pray £25$20€30 to world HR life org from 2021 for me correctly... Worldwide TSE....save me from venom snakes India's countrees..all over Indians only already World by over? Any east left??powerful Countries leftby???open challenge to WORLD. This seen itself start reaching I have 3000 kg things mine and never as is.. TRY AND SEE countries mafias what just to let??KEEP SEVERE OBSERVATIONS ON INDIAS? statistics should be reached world to be until SAVED FROM ??ALL??..?not india to get any ANYTHING I MEANS OF POPULATED WEAPONS MANY YEARS DOING KILLING REASONS REASONABLE REASONABLY ..Eastern rich countries any as soon as possible not mental I'll ?? Not possible as of now also..females sexy desires and there males earning with females are with mid 2022 still  FUNNY PEOPLE'S FEMALES CHILDS ENJOYS MALES.
1:38 "Think of it, ladies and gentlemen…30 mph" The exact reason (extraordinary cost and uncertainty of long-term benefit) is what has so far, for the past 70 years prevented Australia to build its high-speed rail. So there we are, flying and driving like it's the only option left.
As an American, it's so jarring to see a conservative leader advocate for rail. I know it shouldn't be, but it's a bizarre sensation
As a comparison China built a high speed rail line through Lao, for less than 7 billion pounds that was 480 Km long with 2/3 being bridges and tunnels. If we can trust them to build our nuclear power stations why don't we ask them to build something a lot less complicated.
The trouble with public opinion is that it is fickle. The majority of people find it difficult to visualise the finished project and what that might mean for them. They probably also don't take into account how building such a project increases our level of expertise and producing new engineers.  As to cost that must have certainly increased by demanding the new railway limits environmental impact by putting miles in tunnels, it is a difficult balancing act to get as many on board. Many large projects are London centric because that is often where the need is greatest. However it's not entirely correct to suggest that such projects only happen in the London area. The Tyne and Wear Metro was the largest most costly project of its time. I know it's a long time away but once in use people will start to appreciate it. Anyone who has travelled on HS1 to the Continent will appreciate the possibilities.
Sounds familiar (CALIFORNIA) 😢
Living in Norfolk, I won't see any investment from London for over a 1000 years I suspect, not even a motorway between the major cities and towns.
To Birmingham! And beyond! 😮
It’s so sad that when this project is finally completed and our future generations will reap the benefits and enjoy it, we won’t be around to appreciate and experience it. 😭
Slow. China would finished this project in a year or two. Efficiency at it finest.
"When public money is involved . . . " -- it is wasted, as there is very little accountability. Besides, the political process means that every naysayer or critic can demand funds for their particular issue (saving the frogs, public art, archaeological surveys, complete access for disabled, etc. etc.)  It's no wonder that even ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION, the imminent "Gateway" project to build two new tunnels under the Hudson River between NJ & NYC will cost 10x more than what the original construction cost 110 years ago.
Infrastructure is always worth its cost. Too many prioritize themselves over the what their nations require.
8 metres below ground ! We need some more TBM's in AUS but then our cities are tiny compared to yours ! If it takes traffic off the roads then it will probably be worth it ! But that, I presume,  is passenger traffic so no freight will traverse this route but then , maybe this train will free up other corridors for the freight !
Didn't Andy Burnham want "Northern powerhouse rail" instead? I know Leeds to Manchester needs better connectivity
Why is this new (comparable?) high speed line only €2bn , and its all tunnels and viaducts btw? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendlingen–Ulm_high-speed_railway
Imagine being so stupid that you want a railway infrastructural project cancelled to save a natural environment. What's the alternative? Automobiles?!
As with HS1 and Cross rail, it is just another feeding frenzy on the public purse that will bring zero benefits to the UK overall because of its niche market and lack of anything other than a single destination. They talk about ultra high-speed trains but people falling for this do so because they do not understand the physics of running trains at such speeds, there is a very good reason why trains worldwide run on average around 160 mph maximum, the cost involved in running them faster, quite possible, just throw money at it, are prohibitive so train operators just don't even consider going there, instead, they look to technology to make trains more efficient within the current speed limits. In addition to this the line will not take traffic from heavily overused lines, what little does get transferred over will be quickly filled by current traffic bloat so no benefits there.
As someone in this space, the problem almost always find their root cause in the quality of ESTIMATES  Project budget holders are often unwilling to spend more initially, even on the promise of saving later  Not doing ground surveys for whole HS2 route? Was going to result in finding buried bodies EVERY time  I'm sure someone had it on their risk register. But did the steering committee truly understand the benefits of spending more time and money on developing good estimates in the initial phase?  I doubt it, combined with "Get on with it pressure" results in the same problems time and time again. Why can't the construction industry learn?!
It looks like HS2 suffers from the same factors as the Big Dig in Boston USA....  Lots of legacy infrastructure has to be worked around and tyhen there is the Tribal Political party factor...    Amtrack in the USA is pretty much a failure becxause it shares freight rail over virtually 90% of it mileage, and that is caused by the parties lacking political will to say "Imminent domain for infrasturcture improvement and urban blight remediation".  I would say run a line from Dover to Edinburgh, passing east of London. Then Edinburgh- Liverpool-Exeter, and back to Dover and the chunnel.  If you are going to build a "Passenger Backbone"  do it with a virgin set of track independant of the local trains.  That would keep the high speed out of the city centers and high costs of dodging vested interests.  The new tracks would then definitelyt help bedroom development to grow in smaller country towns instead of perpetuating the Megaplex city syndrome and into a greener, healthier spread of the population caused by the shorter travel times allowed by the higher speeds.
When y’all finish this, you’re gonna be happy you have it and want to expand it
Incredible video. Thank You. I would very much appreciate a video about Stuttgart 21 and the psychological effect it had (together with BER) on Germans and the German Government when it comes to construction projects.
Then there's the big dog in Boston Mass.  Original cost was I think was 500 million. When completed it cost 1 1/2 trillion. Was it an engineering marvel? Yes, and the end product was beautiful. Yes it has or had it's problems. But in the long run it was worth it. Also it was only 1 1/2 mile long. With another or extra tunnel connecting the airport to downtown Boston.
HS2 is of great importance to improve Britain's rail infrastructure
All I can think, in my opinion. I If it’s not a proven infrastructure project, I think this project would have been better if it was privately funded.
I love this channel 🔥🔥🔥💯
Many people ask and debate incessantly the cost of a project. Seldom few ask what the cost of NOT building the project is. Even fewer ask about the benefits of the project in 100 or 200 years time, long after the children and grandchildren of everyone are dead. If you look at things from this angle, even expensive, over-budget infrastructure projects become great ideas for the well-being of a nation.
Build more airports. Trains are utterly annoying
I don't understand why it's been so partisan. Clearly better railways is good for the environment. Issue is ... it's London centric again. If you want to go across the country, Say Manchester to Sheffield it's still faster to go by car. Making it, pointless. London is mostly banking, so not that much need to actually go there.
Probably cost £500bn in the end, over 20-30 years though.
First class, thanks B1M 👍
A 34 minute video like this without a single mention of the sunk-cost fallacy? Disappointing.
£100bn to save 20 minutes 👀
At this point it might be better to build brand new cities from the ground up with up-to-date technology and city planning from the start instead of trying to fix our old cities (in some cases centuries old cities) which translates in huge economical costs now and in the future when trying to retrofit everything else again when the old stuff becomes obsolete.  Like an organism (human or any other organism) it seems that a city should be build from the inside out with consideration for the surrounding environment that it will depend on (flora and fauna) and with the ease to be upgraded and maintained as easily and swiftly as possible as Technology advances (Lego style perhaps).  Architect, Engineer & Futuristic Jacque Fresco from The Venus Project proposes such cities and has built models for it together with what could be highly efficient transportation systems in and around the city. To start with he started with a specific shape for modern cities and real city planing in mind, unlike today where cities grow randomly and in any direction.   A video describing a Venus Project city - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z0Pia5GwSA&t=673s
👋❤️
National security aside Huawei is also a major player in HSR at half the cost. No US approval needed.
Should be a maglev train. It Would be quicker.
A failure to Dare to do useful infrastructure is gutless, and shows a disregard for those who follow you - whether that is disregarding your childrens-generation or  just the poor sap who has to use things after you. The gutless just push the problem down the road - literally: widening the highway by one lane in the next election-cycle - when the highway is NOT the solution.
could be direct trains  Blackpool - MonteCarlo Manchester - Berlin Glasgow - Warsaw Holihead - Rome
Never, ever, ever, accept what Politicians or Public Servants say, immediately vote against any proponent of a mega project, sale of public assets or increase in Politician pay or Public Service remuneration
What a waste, it was aimed at diverting money from the taxpayer to the smarties
As usual as  Western media, you have to bring in a Chinese project to compare with your incompetency.  Chinese 3 Gorges Dam is complete since 2012 (?) and is operating while the others you mentioned are yet to be completed.  Instead could have brought in the unfinished North-South Vietnam High Speed or the Mumbia-Ahmedabad  High Speed.
Apart from the the obviously exceptional standard of quality in the video, these animations are absolutely delicious B1M!
Excellent doc and work, Looking forward to the next one :)
Never ever rely on Politicians to deliver large strategic projects or strategic resources such as energy or health services. They will always do what is politically expedient at the time. It needs a Royal Commission with a mixture of commercial skills and competencies as well as policy wonks and bureaucrats. And as long as Westminster and Politicians are largely in London there will always be a bias. Always.
There be more positive publicity for trains especially highspeed ones? I mean we desperately need a change there..  And yes we should fund these projects even if they cost billions more because it’s required anyways else we need to make a single big mega city which nobody would also like it.
Investing in infrastructure is never a waste of money. It promotes growth and will pay for itself. The UK was the first country in the world to have railways and so we should improve our ageing network
Capacity?  *Longer trains* on the existing mainlines solve that.
Why is it necessary? SInce the govt is pursuing rapid depopulation via a mass cull who is going to benefit, Klaus Swabbe and co?
I love HS2
It should have been built in reverse … then the majority of  us might have decided the project being a  lot more palatable…typical London always comes first.
Going forward can you just say England and not the UK or Britain when talking about projects like this. This project and many similar projects have 0 economic benefit for Wales & Scotland, its actually damaging. Welsh tax payers have to pay for it too (not too sure on Scottish).
Love these videos, really explains how these massive schemes become reality and the huge complexities that arise during all phases...
Would rather we invest in this project t Han pour millions into the NHS . We should have just built it from the north with HS2 being Liverpool to Hull but London is king . Thank you , a fantastic, balanced presentation.
Self driving electric taxis will change everything.
As my project manager says - it is not the first 90% of project that is scary, but the second 90%.
That was a good watch
Even if the project only breaks even in terms of economic benefits to society, it will still be better than spending a similar amount on other forms of transportation, because it will reduce CO2 emissions more than any other. People need to stop listening to anti-train propaganda from the automobile and fossil fuel lobbies.
"Carbon Free"??? My butt!  So does the steel used now grow on those 'ancient forest trees' instead of mining, refining & smelting ore? Perhaps those high-speed trains are all being knitted together using sheep's wool taken from sheep who never break wind? There is always an energy cost and until they build a 'wind-powered' tunnel boring machine any 'carbon-free' claims for this line are rhetorical wind.
My question will be, how much are the tickets going to cost? I think the one main barrier of connecting the country is not the connections (as most major ones are already there), but the barrier to use it. If this become like the Concord, it defeats the purpose at the first place.
So funny how these people probably drove to that protest, but they're complaining about a carbon zero train
More than 100 billion already spent for Ukraine war about 4 months, so killing people for nothing is an easy and good project.
Britain needs to build a mega-airport along the line in the Birmingham area in order to relieve pressure on London's over-capacity airports.
The vid missed some vital points: ▪The link to the continent for provincial cities was dropped. ▪The link to the country's leading airport, Heathrow, was dropped. ▪HS2 is *SLOW.*  it is exactly 100 miles from Euston in London to Curzon St in Birmingham, yet this 100 miles is covered at 113mph. On a 250mph railway.  The many _green_ tunnels on the line means it will never be fast.  ▪It is only 2-track from Birmingham to London, the most used section.   This precludes cities like Chester using HS2.  Chester currently has an inter-city service like all other cities.  ▪HS2 trains running onto existing tracks run *slower* as they do not tilt. So they run fast on HS2 then very slow on existing classic rail.  ▪HS2 serves only *three* cities directly. ▪London to Edinburgh on the East Coast Main Line _currently_ is only *12 minutes* slower than the proposed HS2.  The ECML is scheduled for upgrading, meaning the train journey time will be about equal to HS2.
I've get those ikea plants :')
16:11 is it just me, or does it seem like ironically that it’s LIBERALS in the UK who don’t want high speed rail being built (at least where it’s set to be built), whereas in the US it’s mostly the exact opposite?
The section with the most advanced construction is the London to Aylesbury section. Apart from the one of the short Long Itchington Wood tunnels, the rest is enabling works.  The solution to this poorly thought out railway is...  ▪HS2 can be cut at Aylesbury with the rest dropped.   ▪The HS2 track can run onto the Chiltern Line to Birmingham at Aylesbury, which can be be upgraded to a fast line.  ▪A station can be built at Aylesbury.  ▪Then it is a fast West Midlands line, which is more direct than the proposed HS2. ▪It will have similar journey times to Birmingham to HS2.  ▪Also fast commuting to London through the Aylesbury corridor.    ▪Then the WCML has no West Midlands trains on it, so no capacity problem on the WCML.   The solution is staring us in the face. A win, win all around.
How can you say it runs thue the heart of the country when it only links citys in the south... Manchester is not the north! Newcastle is the north, someone please look at a map. Allso what about Scotland!?
Excellent documentary. Thanks.
Thje real-estate people are evil scum, they corrupted the market! why is that so hard to see, why i need to repeat this over and over again????
A lovely, calm presenting style. Great to see more of you on these videos. I never miss them.
One of the biggest infrastructure in the world? A few hundred miles compared to the 20+ thousand miles China has built? Massive project? Wake up and smell the coffee…
Also Austria is curently bilding a new high sped line betwen Vienna and Klagenfurt. It will cut the time from 4 houers to two and a half. Also this project is expensive because off the distence of 300 km and two of Austrias bigest mountens in its way. Only the Semmering tunel is 27 km long, and complicatet to cunstruct. The tunel is over budget and parts colapst two times.  The thing is once startet yo kan not stop what ever it takes. Bisaides the bbudget wich runs throu parlament is every time to lo so that it sounds bette.
My goodness people are all just so short sighted these days.  Imagine that attitude in the past when massive nation building projects built massive new infrastructure that we all rely on still today. High speed clean powered trains open up the whole country and will help take away a lot of strain from cities because people can then live further out or just commute into the city on the train vs the car.
The worst video by far to date, 90.% on politics 10% on engineering!
damn the dude is a total chad
The laziest and most self-serving PM in history is in control of the most costly project in history. What could go wrong?
The fact that they call it “one of the biggest” when literally the French, Spanish (and oh well, the Chinese) have larger railway projects under construction (same very high speed railway), quite triggers me. I’d guess it’s because they’ve already done many of those before?
Amazing video with great cinematics, and in depth explanation.
As someone who regularly travels between Shanghai and Beijing on the G Train (1200km in 4 hours 35 minutes with no delays), I must say that this very British hubbub about a hopelessly overpriced microline is very close to pathetic. Even when built, the tickets will be astronomical, the service unreliable and the availability inconvenient.
*Complete the project, but don't cut it back ! It must go to Englanders in the North - All the way ! Then you need a phase 3 that goes under the Atlantic Ocean and comes up in St. John Newfoundland, or Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. 👍England used to be a manufacturing power house, and it needs to become one once again. Then it can ship goods via high speed underground and Ocean freight train to North America and then we don't have to depend on commie China for most of our goods.👌*
NWO city building (destruction) before your eyes. Welcome to Klaus Schwab's smart city where you'll own nothing and be happy
The time UK do HS2… China would have at the same time build 70.000 km of high speed trains (already 38.000 done, with many line going through much more difficult terrain, with much more bridges and tunnels)
Could you do a video about China massive 38000 km of high speed railway within 14 years… without delay, without much issue, all efficient. If western countries seems to have forget how to get things done, China is becoming ultra efficient.
Great vid, many thanks! As long as I’m dreaming, I’d love to see every project become achievable within the half-assed budgets that professionals are ordered to provide to their semi-conscious overlords after a fraction of the necessary examination and planning, with no unintended consequences. Meanwhile, I’ll work on my credit at the company store.
Please add km/h
17 on trending tf 😂 we all love bim deep down apparently
The money that’s already been spent means it has to be finished now then hopefully the public will see the benefits and will mean the full project can be finished
So, here is the problem.  I know a little bit about HS2 and your first minute has many mistakes.
People that oppose these kinds of projects simply don't want development, and want climate change to happen faster.
Couldn't care less about getting to London quicker from Manchester I want to be able to get to Liverpool and Leeds quicker. Turning Northern cities into London commuter routes, no thanks.   Everyone knows how this goes thet phase 2b will most likely be cancelled at some point.
It’s crazy how 100B pounds translate to other currencies and construction cost around the world. For example, here in Manila they are building a new subway line (₱400B) and MRT line 7(₱70B-which is almost finished), combined, their total construction cost is ₱470B or just $8.4B!!! It’s amazing how construction cost varies for each country.
Criticizing a project that is not even complete is just like reviewing a game that you didn't even finish
You look just as classy as you sound. I love your videos. Thanks for doing what you do.
Superb doco ! Engineers will fix the world .
In my 7 or so years working with the transportation sectors in 3 countries in South east asia, the common denominator among people that are protesting against this kind of infrastructure really are they have communists that aims to do the same infrastructure projects after they topple the current governments.   It's always expensive to start these projects. All of them should have been started in the 1970s when money still had gold backing them, but hey I'm a retard in the comment section.
Even for the HS2 supportes, many people find that it's incrediblt flawed. Due to it mostly duplicating the best line north of Watford (the West Coast MainLine) The main attraction for the North was for it to serve Leeds, but after that was canned, as I said it's just a duplication.  Even so, they're also not maximising HS2's potential as it's not being linked to to HS1, which means international trains can't run to the North - which would be a massive increase for the North's economy.
It seems like alot of money to connect London with one small city.  Why can' they just put a train  over the highway or between it on a raised network.
Build it and they will come.
Another quality video!
California High-speed Rail: Left the chat.
Regardless of the controversies of this particular project, this presentation is top notched, fair, and comprehensive (as much as possible for a YouTube presentation).  Truly excellent.  A pleasure to watch.
Just a bunch of hippies and conservatives (nimbys, people afraid of change) masquerading as environmentalists. For starters you have that classic issue of people not being able to tell the difference between local environmental issues and systemic problems like climate change. 30 football fields is nothing compared to the nationwide damage that'll be done by climate change, and an electrified HS rail line will take thousands of gas guzzling cars off the road. It is easily the best way to decarbonize transport.   Then there is the clear issue of people having their status-quo blinkers on.  nit picking over only 30 football fields worth of land is crazy while you ignore the huge motorway network that currently paves over and segregates all your countryside. They are way worse, at least HSR will be mostly in tunnels or on viaducts which doesn't cut off access between areas for animals (and people walking for that matter). There are currently 2300 miles of motorway, and 30,000 miles of A road in the UK, that's more than the circumference of the planet. As if a couple of rail lines that are objectively cleaner and less obtrusive than a road, make any real difference.   As for the cost, that has always been an issue with HSR. Its the same with the Californian line, the same thing that's stopped it getting off the ground in Aus, and it was the same in *Japan*.  You don't hear anyone complaining about the cost of the shinkansen now though, do you.  You have to really be forward thinking and consider all of the wider, incidental, indirect benefits the project will bring. And as much as the numbers look big, they aren't in the scope of government. For perspective, Australia is about to implement tax cuts that only benefit the rich, which will cost about 100 billion pounds over 10 years. (And Australia is a much smaller country than the UK). I'm sure the same sort of thing has been done in the UK too.  No one bats an eyelid at that...
I hope project get destroyed
Great Britain: we’re building the world’s most expensive railway.  California: hold my beer…
24 hectares is what’s worrying people?? C’mon now…  I bet the benefits of the HS2 will outweigh the toll of the direct environmental impact. You’ll hopefully be polluting less CO2 than that which is being captured by the green that will be destroyed. There's a fire in Portugal right now that has devastated 10 thousand hectares. Ten thousand, not 24
if u want it cheaper make it do one thing and one thing only: get people from A to B quickly and cheaply. throw away that environmental stuff, that should be in a big fund anyway and not siloed inside of a department in a railway construction project
300 BN
What's the technology THE UK is using for HS2?? Is it going to apply MAGLEV tech to cruise, its definitely not hyperloop system...
🤔 This sounds a WHOLE lot like what goes on in my country the USA. Use public money, and here comes the intense, divisive controversy... 😑
Whatever, It's only their Monopoly money. Vote for progress not Monopoly money.
gr8 content
15:24 Yeah but is that done in true rewilding fashion or just copy-pasting of the same trees?
It’s going to be so worth it!
I am gonna watch this to fall a sleep.
AWESOME video. very well put together. research, insight and everything else is great. if you do something, do it properly. don't spend billions and deliver a half baked service just because people complain. people are going to complain regardless. however, easy to sit here and say that, i'm not trying to get re-elected
This is one of your best yet, I appreciate the new focus on showing both sides of the debate on new projects, and looking outward to their economic and social impacts.   In this case, I'm firmly in the camp of finish at all costs. High speed rail is mandatory to decarbonize the transportation sector, period. No amount of ancient forests will change that fact. The ecological benefits of this project will dwarf the costs at the end of the day, to say nothing of the benefits to quality of life and economic growth in the connected cities. We're fighting this same battle with California HSR, with cost overruns and delays and critics from all sides, but we need to keep the original vision in focus and remember the benefits we will get. These projects must go forward.
This is the first time in my life that I’ve decided to put a comment on a video despite the fact that I’ve been following this channel for a long time. As a Project Manager I must admit that this project and the video are both a masterpiece. Hats off to you guys.
Tickets on Avanti are already high, HS2 will be double
Perhaps, the Chinese are right about expanding their massive HSR network. Even if it costs too much money right now, the now poor cities will already have HSR lines by the time they get rich thus reducing massive construction costs later. Not to mention free political points for Beijing to pacify it's population into submission.
sounds like california’s
Rail travel has far lower CO2 emissions per person mile than flying
The rich despise it when tax money is used to actually benefit common people
Seems like α good use of money since the rails will last forever
Asian economies can make these HS rail lines work.  And the EU.  It is the Anglosphere that has screwed up their own economies so bad through neoliberal monetarist policies, they are literally unable to keep up with Asia or even maintain their own private vehicular infrastructures.
environmentalists are SO STUPID - I imagine the ones protesting against HS2 are the same ones complaining about climate change.
Very well made video
THE KILLING NATURE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   FOR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, basically, we are paying over 100 billion to get to and from Birmingham 37 minutes faster. I wonder what we'll do with all that time we'll save.
What in the world does anal sex have to do with high speed rail?
First, in the comments section,  there was the happy state of a warm glow of appreciation for and gained knowledge from another fascinating production from Fred and the team at B1M.  This, coupled with the nutters, the inadvertently funny and the occasional wrong end of the stick lot are what keep many coming back to so many channels as they are all over the world and all over YT. Then there's some hamfisted attempt by repetitive headbanging to co-opt us into Cryptocrap. Finally and getting back to the "real" world of YT comments, there's a mælstrom of miserable blanks who've popped up recently in great clouds of affrontery and pessimistic predictions for the future. I fear for their offspring and friends. There's always another way and this cod-psychologist reckons that you should at least acknowledge the possibility that it's okay to be wrong now and again. Hey it might even help you lower your blood pressure.
My question is what are the tickets going to cost?  Will it be the price of a Rolls or a Yugo?  Are enough people going to be able to afford it for their daily commute or will this be a once in a while trip?
Democratic governing is the least effective way to run any big project or plan. Debate after debate, one study after another study, the plan can drag on year after year, while opposition voice is getting stronger and louder and the estimated cost just balloons to an enormous cost. Just look at bullet train projects in Australia and California. Seeing is believing. Not any government can complete projects like China speed, a hospital within 7 days, a bridge built in 2 days, This is the difference between meritocracy and democracy  (plutocracy).You can call it either  dictatorship or monarch rule which China has experienced of five thousand  years. It works!
they need to deliver what they promised because cutin an hour off a journey is HUGE.  It makes it so you could live in Leeds/London and travel to the other city for work everyday.  of course hyperloop is what is needed!!!
The UK's infrastructure, even in london, is so far behind east asia, especially specific areas like Japan, China, Hong Kong and Singapore
Could the existing railways have been upgrade? Perhaps not to 225mph, but say150-200mph? In the long haul flying and driving will be curtailed due the C02 issue and looming oil shortages.
Thinking about the better transportation for the future generations, I do think the present UK needs this railway to be constructed for the coming UK
The function of government is to transfer public money into private hands.  Also – Good video!
What does B1M mean?
Don't worry about us lot out here in the Westcountry everyone, we'll just carry on riding our horses and carts to and from Heathrow and Gatwick
This is exactly by as an architect and urban planner I work in Asia and the Middle East. It takes too long and people have too many complaints about things they’ll never understand. So stay in the dark ages as the supposed third world leap frogs over the “west”
If you're pushing high-speed rail when your grandchildren will have to kill people for food and water, you're doing it wrong.
So happy someone managed to explain why infrastructure projects in the UK, US and other developed, democratic countries take a long time and a lot more money. The politics and interests involved are varied and complex. You mentioned that people may be footing the bill but not making the decision, but you mentioned that the people have delegated this decision to their elected political representatives. This is someone this channel never mentions (and my biggest criticism of this channel) is that when you feature public works in Dubai, China and other dictatorships you never mention that the public has no say whether or not to build, nor do have any chance to delegate those decisions through elections not do they have any right of protest if they don't like anything in those countries. It gives the perception that those countries build fast & cheap therefore have a better government & better leaders. Lets not forget that Dubai & Qatar are slave states and China is an absolute dictatorship. I feel that this video is a very balanced way of presenting the problems that large projects run against in democratic countries, you should then mention why China found it so easy politically to build 15K miles of HSR in about 10yrs: their citizens have no rights.
I had a hell of a time trying to sell my house in Crewe because work on 2b might happen at some undesignated time in the future 1km away. I'm just saying that so that you realise that projects like this do impact people.
Great interview. If you want to find out more accurate info i assume you may need to speak to the engineers and the lower grade managers who are working on hs2.
It's a fact that HS2 should have taken the last major railway built and first closed by Beching in the 60's, The Great Central.  The track bed is still there, it was built to European standard gauge, no acient wood land or other major problem, other than political nimbyisam on the part of powerful politicians, who lived in the area.  And as straight as a die, also nearly as level as IKB's GWR to Bristol  Other than it went to Rugby, Leicester, Notingham and Sheffield on a straight route.  A link could have been made to Birmingham.  But what was wrong with the Great Central? Also on to Manchester, Liverpool and from Sheffield North to Scotland.  The white elephant is the terminus at Birmingham. Nearly every European country is avoiding, them other than for local traffic. It was a elephant from the beginning, now no one builds termínus, It was built for the London and Birmingham  and Grand Junction Railways for passengers from 1838 to 1893 from then till 1966 a goods depo. Thanks for the details of this right idear in the wrong place.
There will always be annoying anti everything busy bodies and people crying over insignificant patches of mould they'll miss 😒
U should compare it to the alternatives ie to decrease congestion on the 3 mainelimes and how much more environmentally destructive motorways are
yeah the "highs outweigh the lows" when you ask a guy who's making money from it.
b1m host has a smoothing voice all the train stations should use his voice
How many people are getting money under the table?
If it doesn't stay nationalised, then it's a complete waste of money
I don't understand, everyone should know if you want the project costs less, you should stop putting cones on their road. There is no way they will or could stop building it. If everyone give the project green light it will be built much more faster, also less expensive because inflation. When they build it faster, that means the economic benefits will come faster.   Government is not wasting money, people are.
There's definitely negatives to indirect democracy, but these infrastructure projects are only possible via that method. Otherwise, what happens? People angry that projects have delays or costs rise shut stuff down, blowing the money already spent, and in another 10 or 20 years when people raise the idea of doing the original thing, the costs will have skyrocketed even further. Infrastructure is like planting a tree—the best time to do it was in the past, the second-best time is now. If it was left to the immediate whims of voters, nothing would ever get done, because voters are too fickle to commit to anything long enough to build modern infrastructure, not to mention people writ large are not experts in project management, long-term planning, etc. You should never trust your government to be working in your own interest; but a good government should be working in *everyone's* interest, and that means going beyond the present and planning for the future.  History is littered with upset people about stuff that changed their life and we now rely on. New York City simply wouldn't exist in its current form if the neighborhood groups and community boards of today existed—because how dare you tear up the streets to build transit that will interfere with my day-to-day life for years on end? And the result is that transit in the city has been frozen for decades even as the population ballooned, and bad politics and management are used as justifications for never even trying to improve things.
"Turns out to £1000 per head" Which per year is £100 at most? Not all that much honestly
I live a few miles from Long Itchington wood.  They often make a great song and dance about how they dug a tunnel under the woods, and I do appreciate that they didn't bulldoze it.  BUT what they don't show you is the enormous devastation they've created for miles around, literally 1000s of trees have been chopped down for their carparks, depots and god only knows what else.  There are miles and miles of metal fencing blocking off countryside that we used to be able to walk across.  Local roads are a nightmare with constant diversions.  They've really trawled up a huge swathe of countryside around here.   I'm not a campaigner, just someone that has to drive past the depressing site every day.  The kicker is it won't benefit us in the slightest, the nearest HS2 staion will be in Birmingham which is 35 miles away, it makes no sense to travel there and then get a train to London, I may as well get a local train it'll take the same amount of time and probably be cheaper.  I would imagine that the vast majority of poeple living along the route will also see absolutely no benefit from this at all.  The whole HS2 project is a total farce, and it won't do anything to 'level up' the north as they keep banging on about - It's not exaclty inaccessible is it?  Whoever it is that thinks shaving 45 minutes off a train journey is going to bring huge amounts of money in to northern cities is living on a different planet..  I won't even mention that most of us work from home now..
LOL all about western would called a successful by him
M1, M2, HS2... The UK sure has a thing with names lol
Brilliant video, so much I didn't know about what engineering is required! I just wish you'd brought up the cost of the tickets to even ride the damn thing, and who it's actually aimed at, because it won't be the general public riding it.
Anyone knows location of 13:38 landscape?  Thanks in advance!
Sea rise will change the entire coastline in a century. Did anybody take this into account? Or the smaller population a smaller Britain can sustain?
Modern day Brits don't think about anything other than consooming. Anything that isn't buying more shit (Cars. Houses. Stuff to fill the Houses) is "a waste of money" or "Communism". Decades of corporate brainwashing have done that. There is no hope for the UK to have a funcitonal infrastructure of anything (NHS, public transport, .. ) As the majority of population will rather work their asses off until all eternity than ever actually realise the value of these things. Most european countries are slowly progressing from that mindset but the UK is pretty much stuck in the space-age american vision of capitalism (Which has never actually worked anywhere). But it makes a good economoy where others, mostly foreigners, can make some good profit. So yeah.. keep laughing at people on trains and bikes from inside your financed Ford crap, just realise that the last laugh might be on you.
China has 40，000 km
I'm just as divided... I have never been so impressed with our incredible engineering, and so disgusted with our pathetic shambles of a government.
California sure turned their HS Rail project into a money draining project with no trains yet.
Can you please make a video on Heathrow's 3rd Runway
It's rare to find bad project if you're talking connecting main cities together with high speed rail where none existed. Yes it's going to be expensive, and yes it's going to go over budget. Nobody will care 10 years later. They'll just be happy they have that.
"carbon-free travel"  Refers to a train that runs 250 km/h. What do they think makes the metal tube move on the metal rails to carry their fat backsides? Prayer and wishful thinking? No, it's electricity that comes from fossil fuels. But, no, no, you say, it comes from the UK's great green energy sources, the bird blenders and the Chinese Enrichment panels. And how much fossil fuel is burned to mine out all the materials, refine the ore, manufacture the things, then transport them halfway around the world to a site, install them, including those massive concrete foundations for the bird ginsus, and then ultimately to bury them in a landfill when they break because God forbid the sanctimonious greenies would ever actually recycle the monstrosities they create? Has anyone actually looked at the net energy for the whole process from start to finish on these things? Even with the Uigher slave labor and the African child workers, It ain't carbon-neutral, let alone carbon-free. You want to travel in a luxury bullet train, don't lie to yourself and tell it's "green" in any other sense than the green money the people selling it are making.  I don't oppose the train. Not at all. Build the train. I'm sure it'll be a net benefit for the UK and I don't want to see y'all turn into a 3rd-world latrine. You have a beautiful country, a proud history, a clever and industrious people, and you deserve to thrive when you work hard for it. What I oppose is the kowtowing to the "climate change" lie.  Other than that, a high-quality, informative video that was worth watching, liking, and subscribing for.
The people protesting the line just seem like whine asses
LOL LOL  ONCE BUILT AND OPERATING  FOR 4 OR 5 YEARS , PEOPLE WILL BE SAYING, “ HOW DID WE GET ALONG BEFORE WE HAD THIS “???
I don't care if the Republic of Ireland ever gets united with Northern Ireland, BUT if the rest of UK stops subsidising Northern Ireland HS2 would be repaid in 10 years or less.
The thing about high-speed rail is that you cannot easily compare countries. It was pioneered in Europe by Italy in the 1970s, followed shortly thereafter by France, and later Germany and Spain. Italy was a natural candidate, it being a long and relatively narrow country, with major population areas more or less in a line across the length of it. France is relatively sparsely populated (by European standards at least), and again it makes sense to build these lines. Spain has basically all its major cities on the coast, with the exception of Madrid, so again a high-speed rail network makes sense (although questions have been raised about the cost/benefit ratio there as well).  In the Netherlands, about half of the population lives on about 1/7th of the surface, in the west. There are some population centres in the south, but especially the north is sparsely populated. And it's the north that has been asking for a better railway connection with the west. Until relatively recently, train journeys would travel around what used to be a big inland sea, because hardly any railway construction has taken place since the 1930s, and in the 1930s that inland sea had only just become a lake.  There were calls for conventional high-speed rail, and even for a maglev train. Costs would have been understandably very high. But when the Dutch built the HSL Zuid (Hogesnelheidslijn Zuid: High-Speed Line South) to Belgium and France, and the freight-only Betuweroute to Germany, and both went massively over budget – partially because of tunnels to protect animals and the environment – the public support for such infrastructure projects collapsed. So when it came to the HSL Oost (High-Speed Line East, to Germany) and any fast connection to the north, the government decided: "Yeah, we're not going to do this."  I wonder how much was taken from the UK's eastern neighbour when it cake to the decision process around HS2. The Dutch are generally excellent at infrastructure engineering, so if they muck it up, it should serve as a warning. And when it comes to Crossrail/Elizabeth Line, that has seen its budget balloon as well.  Don't get me wrong, high-speed rail generally creates large economic benefit in the long term. Japan is an excellent example, and in France, people can live further away and just commute into Paris on a TGV. But £100,000,000,000, or whatever it's going to cost, is a very, very large amount of money. And it will take a very long time to earn it back.  The north of the Netherlands did get a somewhat faster connection, though. The Dutch built the largest artificial island in what used to be sea, and is now a lake. And a couple of years ago, they finished a brand new railway line that runs across this island. It is, in fact, the fastest section of track in the Netherlands, with a line speed of 200 km/h, although no Dutch trains run that fast (yet). The time gained is between 15 and 20 minutes, which may not seem much, but considering how insanely intense the Dutch railway network is being used, is not bad at all.
don't build to Scotland stop at boarder cranky and co can pay for them salves
Boondoggle. High speed rail is too expensive. The true costs are never disclosed in the beginning. To put it bluntly, politicians and proponents of the project lie to the people. Then when the real cost comes out proponents say that based on all the time and money spent so far the project must be finished. The sunk cost fallacy. You have to consider the opportunity cost. For the same amount of money, how else could it be invested to achieve much greater benefits.
Omg yesss! I’ve been waiting for this
I remember watching your channel as it started growing a few years ago. Now you are making some of the best documentaries on infrastructure anywhere to be found. So much fun to see this development.
Looks to me that overall what is raising the price to “build it” is the on-going delays.  Sounds to me like poor workers means delay, delay, delay.  Get off your as*es and get to WORK!!   Buckle down dumba**es!  It’ll be worth it in the end.  You’ll be able to extend it in other directions AFTER you get this initial bit done.  It’s worth it!
A total waste of time money and the environment if you want to get where you`re earlier then  catch an earlier train words fail me in describing just what a vanity project for the rich this is because make no bones about it the nearest the majority of people will be to it is when it steams through what used to be the ancient wood near them green my backside
Politicians wet reams cost taxpayers billions of Pounds. Another project that the public won't be able to afford to use.
They can't even cut trees down..... Yeah, you think China has this problem?
Wonderfully informative video, hands down the best Toutube channel I subscribe to!
Awesome video thanks - Fun fact about the tower blocks at 4:22 We lived near these in the late eighties and a TV reporter neighbour friend told us that the cladding work being done on them at the time was a front to disguise the real work going on to pin the walls to the floors correctly as they were in danger of falling apart! Anyway, thanks again
,This is one of the best YT channel!🤌
japan did ii 70 years ago , jesus the bri ish
*eating snacks while watching from the US* Hol’up!!!!! Y’all invest in public transportation like trains? What’s that like? Also, the drawing of Boris is absolutely frightening and stunningly accurate. Well done, B1M.
Boris directly made it uselessly more expensive by realising Brexit. Conservatives…
Can you make a video about Rail Baltica?
HS2 is a grand and very expensive project to give city centres, which already have a comparatively good connection with London, but lousy connections with each other, a better London. Would be nice to see a video about the alternatives forgone.
Should’ve hired China to do it. Would’ve been finished in 1/10th the time and at a fraction of the cost. They’ve built 38,000 km of high speed rail in the last decade for a total of 782 billion yuan (115 billion USD). 530 km in the UK for over 100 billion, and not expected to be fully completed til at least 2040 is pathetic and is robbing the working class to profit the 1%. The entirety of the UK should have high speed rail for this price tag.
mention length
England's major cities seem close together, don't know about the rest of the UK's major cities like Belfast.
Great video! Would love to see one about Montreal's new REM system that is currently being built! ^_^
Thank you, B1M, for such an excellent study of the issues surrounding HS2. Something that wasn't mentioned, however, was that when HS2 was first proposed, some people mentioned the fact that the electronic infrastructure would be a better investment for the future, to *eliminate* commuting altogether. The construction and maintenance would have less impact on the countryside, allowed people to both live *and* work in less congested areas, reduced carbon footprint, and given people both better economic benefits and quality of life. As someone who worked for a Silicon Valley company whilst living in a rural area of the Pacific Northwest in the 90's, it was the first thought that came to me when HS2 was floated as an idea.
I hope you fully committed to the HS2 cause and went over budget on this video!
Wast of tax money
China did a lot better.
They need to figure out ways to bring down the cost of train travel, flying is so much cheaper.  And this is costing everyone in the UK about £1000, that's a lot more than I thought and a lot of money.
En español ? No se activa la traducción
Fantastic work!  I have watched all The B1M content and enjoyed everything, but this was incredible. Thank you.
I wish the US had this problem so we at least can hope for high speed rail
Divisive by Leftist malcontents. 0:24 Let it be built to the  Midlands. Compromise.
Why don't such heavy projects simply given to Germany or Japan...to have good Quality Assurance and also be within the budget.
"...is set to become the most expensive high-speed railway in the world" California:  Hold my beer
I have to ask... what happened to High Speed 1?
The channel is great for talking about engineering. This political youtuber approach is out of the channel subject.
Cries in Californian
One of my favourite you tube channel 😍
Yeah, on the environmental aspect. People kinda have to be realistic about these kinds of things. Our ability to fight climate change, is going to be predicated on large scale infrastructure projects. Which, despite protecting the environment as a whole, will permanently alter and damage the local environment. And unfortunately, many people in the environmental movement don't tend to think about this big picture. Basically the trying to win every battle approach, will lose the war.
Ohhh! I can gofrom south to North in a whole 30minutes quicker, if that's not worth the money,  I don't know what is🤦‍♂️
What does English speaking countries have against high speed rail? Just ask the US, NZ or Australia!
The issue I have with HS2 isn't the cost so much as the fact that if they're going to spend £100 billion on something they'd might as well spend another £100 billion whilst they're at it and do it properly and create not just a high speed line but a full on Network.  The trouble with HS2 as it currently stands is that it's a complete Frankenstein of a project in which the scope and aims have changed so many times that what's now expected to be delivered is costing huge amounts of money and won't deliver the most basic of initial goals. Euston was chosen as the station for HS2 because it was the WCML terminus already and that makes some sort of sense, but Euston faces n North and politicians decided that they wanted the lone to go west from London to serve Heathrow... Which it now won't but the plans for traveling west from central London weren't amended.  We do however get Old Oak Common station instead though for connections to Heathrow and to CrossRail. A fantastic idea and very sensible... But could they not have then cut out a middle man there and made Paddington the terminus if serving Heathrow was that important?  No? That's fine I guess, but then why retain Euston? If connectivity with CrossRail and Heathrow at Old Oak Common is that important then why is the terminus not at Kings Cross/St Pancras where you have connections to Thameslink (which is much more far reaching than CrossRail), has connections to both Luton and Gatwick airports, to more underground lines and to Eurostar.  In the Chilterns a station should be built to allow connections to East-West rail.  Further north, what specifically is the aim of Birmingham Interchange? It isn't integrated with the existing Birmingham International station, and mostly serves Birmingham NEC and airport, but is a direct connection to them from London and Manchester really needed? London and Manchester both already have their own airports and exhibition spaces so I can't see demand for the station being that high. Surely there station should be cut and service to the existing station improved using the capacity freed up by HS2.  Curzon Street is possibly the worst offender as a station that shouldn't be built. Having a terminus station in a city which is a huge transit hub is madness of the highest order. Preventing through running of cross country services using HS2's tracks and necessitating not just a change in train but change in station for so many journeys completely misses one of the biggest things HS2 ought to be for - connectivity! What Birmingham needs for HS2 is very expensive and very difficult, but it needs New Street to be either completely rebuilt or for new underground platforms there to provide the centre of an X shaped High Speed Network. The current HS2 plans would form the Southeastern (towards London) and Northwesterm (Towards Crewe/Manchester) legs, and the Northeastern leg could be built as far as East Midlands Parkway pending a decision on how best to continue with serving the Northeast. The final Southwestern leg on the X should be built out of Birmingham to connect to existing Cross-country lines for the moment with a view to future high speed expansion to Cardiff and Bristol, and then on to Exeter and Plymouth. Expensive to do, I'm sure, but if we're spending 100 billion anyway then why the hell are we building something subpar and which is clearly a mistake.  Like Birmingham, a terminus in Manchester is the wrong idea. Piccadilly already struggles with through capacity so building more terminating platforms is again missing the point of HS2 entirely. Manchester needs a through station where HS2 trains can continue North to Scotland from Manchester, not just from London and Birmingham, thus massively increasing frequency and capacity of journeys on Manchester to Scotland direct trains.  The Eastern leg just needs to connect Nottingham, Sheffield, Leeds and then connect to the ECML somewhere North of Leeds for through service to Newcastle and Scotland.  ... And if you're not willing to spend the extra to do all that then for heaven's sake, stop! Decide what your budget is, go back to the drawing board and figure out what the best you can do for that budget is. Potentially use the M1 corridor as the basis of a new London-Scotland line with Birmingham and Manchester branches. Not as much speed but no doubt much better mileage for your money than the current plan
WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY. THANK'S TO THE GOON'S THAT RUN THIS COUNTRY.🤐🤐🤐🤐🤐🤐🤐🤐
Come to switzerland an learn!!!
Excellent video. Compare that to how China simply builds thousands of kilometers of high speed rail. Wow.
Still missing the Bree Louise pub... (at 4:22)
is that really all Fred Mills has on his desk - and he just uses a tiny laptop?
Great video, as always, guys! Just a tip, if I may. We are not seeing this type of delays and over budgets "everywhere". Just in capitalist-controlled countries. China ain't fucking around, neither is Vietnam. (As a Brasilian, I assure you: we are completely lost too).
they could fund this whole thing + several more lines with the money they're no longer sending to the EU lmao
Alright mate here's a boost.
Beats me why are they using tunnels instead of viaducts.
Sounds like the HSR in CA
Regardless of all the existing challenges, I wish great success for this magnificent project. I can't wait to see completed.  Go Britain 🇬🇧! 💛❤️🎈
Passengers go to HS2, more freight travel on the old lines, less lorries on the road. Everyone wins.
I love how, in UK voting segment, you used blue and a slightly lighter shade of blue. Probably not intentional but somewhat funny.
20:55 Stunning 😋
Awesome vid.
so interesting. HS2 has been a nightmare. Great to see more of you on camera Fred. Hello from Dublin
Such a great production. What a privilege to be able to see content like this for free online.
This video was amazing
'Economic growth' in these situations is just a fallacy based on no evidence whatsoever to bat away valid and sound arguments opposing said projects. HS2 will just make people poorer, no upgrades on current infrastructure has still seen fares go up 50% in a decade, inflation is unaffordable, the government works as hard as possible to keep workers wages down and 50% of the British population will be in fuel poverty by the end of 2022. That's 35 million people in fuel poverty with the government intent on making sure that it happens.
Congratulations for such a good work !
you can send 300 billion of pounds in a railway in the uk, when your not sure, if the train is coming or not. you'll never know what's gonna happened. I RECOMMEND TO TAKE SOME LESSONS, IN SWITZERLAND...our trains are 98% on time....UK? 20%
Major infrastructure projects in England need to expand from places other than London. This government's only focus is London, and as soon as London is completed, everything else is cut back. These projects need to begin in places like Newcastle, Manchester, Edinburgh and Glasgow rather than these places being the end destination and eventually being scrapped altogether.
225 mph is good, but it should really go to Glasgow to be worthwhile.
...no doubt all of the politicians hell bent on building this project are lining their pockets along the way too (somebody has to 'donate' tens of millions to pay for these politicians re-election campaigns and when these politicians retire from politics, you can be sure they will have a cushy seat on the board of this project, that will pay them millions of dollars for life.)
9 of the 10 poorest areas of Northern Europe are in the north of England and in Scotland. Money is being taken away from those areas to be spent in London as part of the "levelling up"/punching down policy of the government. Infrastructure in the north of England and in Scotland is around 50-100 years behind London, and is having the very little funding they receive being taken away.
The "levelling up" policy is a complete façade and falsehood. Money is being taken away from the most deprived areas and spread amongst the most affluent areas, proudly announced by the candidate for Prime Minister and previous chancellor of the last 3 years in Rishi Sunak. 50% of the ENTIRE POPULATION will be in fuel POVERTY by the end of 2022.
I proposed that Scotland create a high speed line like this a few years back, to bring its cities closer together, so think this a good thing for England/the UK, and the world in general to explore.  Scotland's probably an easier place to accomplish this and could cut travel time from Inverness to Glasgow down to 90 minutes from around 4 hours at present.  My proposal included a terminal in the centre of the country around Perthshire, with 4 routes to and from it, from the 4 corners of Scotland, being Aberdeen, Inverness, Edinburgh and Glasgow, cities that are accessible to the rest of the country atm, with other main populated places in easy reach of them or Perth itself, bar the rural Mid West coast and islands.  Once this main infrastructure was in place, we could then work on connecting other parts of the country with upgraded rail services.  ...we can't just stand still with regards to progress!  We'd probably be better off exploring more future friendly transport methods though such as vaccuum chamber magnetic propulsion tunnels, something i proposed around 2009, something Sir Richard Branson and Elon Musk are currently working on; Elon says he first thought of it in 2012...
A tiny bit negative and whiny tone of voice here...  😅😅(Some of them).  Of course you've got make big investments once in a while and this is going to be used for a very long time. With the population density of the UK + tourism it should be worth it.   Why count the cost over 20 years? With some🙂🙂🙂 upkeap and renovation it could be used hundreds of years. Also there will be some multiplier effect as people get jobs and contractors get orders, some of that will come back as taxes (and opportunities).   I think people will love it once it's finished. But they shouldn't rob the north of their part....
This was superb, thank you B1M! Moved back north from London in 2016 on promises of electrification and improvement that as you expertly highlighted have been scaled back or lost completely. Once you've lived in London and the south and you move out the differences in transport infrastructure are stark and always present - the north of the country has truly lost out from both the curtailing of HS2 and NPR / IRP.   That loss is long term -  for the next 30 years - and likely create permanent imbalance as Birmingham becomes deeper connected to LDN.  As much as I love these kinds of projects & as someone who would've benefitted greatly from the reduced journey times south its a great great shame the foresight was not there to make connecting the midlands and the north the priority first either by starting HS2 in the north or spending a large portion of funds on the difficult and complex improvements needed to improve the infrastructure up here. That's how levelling up would have had the desired effects, not by improving capacity to the capital.
The problem with big infrastructure projects is always the same: people are shortsighted. When the benefits arrive, they suddenly take pride on what was achieved. In resume: people sucks.
Come on. England is not that big. It should not cost 100 billion pounds to build high speed train. Look at China. High speed train is not one line. It is a network. It is expensive to build indeed but it is no way to cost 100 billion. Brits have to spend money wisely.
the figure 1000£ per head is a bit misleading. that's 1000£ spread out across more than a decade, and I'd pay 100 per year if it meant I'd have access to my commute being cut in half, or it's easier for me to see me gran I'd take it
As soon as it finished, it will be privatised and cost of the train tickets will be eye watering
The UK government is spending a fortune on an unneeded railway when it should have been spending the money on water reservoirs. The only use for HS2 is to use it for continuous freight water tanker trains taking water to drought areas.
California's overall problem is its communist state government.   The high speed rail is a political tool, thats it....the rail line doesn't link the population centers together or provide for commerce, it took land away from people and never fairly compensated for it, the environmental wackos delayed it at every turn,, massive impact studies contracts given to companies owned by politicians or friends of....it serves no viable purpose other than political vote buying scheme and tax extortion method.  If they wanted a HS rail line they should have made it go to Vegas,  at least that's somewhere people want to go and not to Bakersfield or the 💩💩 hole of San Francisco.
I hate fake climate protestors like Swampy, they care far more about their fame and virtue signaling than the actual sensible plans on how to tackle the climate crisis.
Is it true it is being built with an interest free loan from south American drug cartel money?
Phenomenal video as always
we need big projects like this. the world should do the same. i hate the stupid protestors that don't understand the benefits  of this.
If you want to improve the north-south divide you need to split tax into federal and state tax e.g. the effects of this can be seen in business and talent migration from New York->Florida, California->Texas, Zurich->Zug and other cheaper cantons. You set a base federal tax and then let e.g. York set a lower state tax. Especially now that so many people are remote working it's a no-brainer to move somewhere like that for a 20% tax discount and cheaper living to boot.
Using the train might actually be useful if they set the costs to approximately the same as driving the same distance. People won't want to pay for the speed.
How is it so expensive ? Indian HSR project is 10 billion USD for 500 km
Want to get rid of dirty and polluting domestic air travel? Yes!  Good, want to upgrade our rail network so that we can make a low carbon alternative? NO! its expensive  face palm...
In order to save the economy, everyone must go out and buy a $1500 folding phone and sign up for 10 streaming services. Get a $6 coffee every morning in your new ev, throw away all your perfectly good hd tv’s and buy bigger 8k tv’s… that’s really what these companies bet on
Such a colossal waste of taxpayer money...
Too political
Surely tunneling the whole way would just be cheaper and simpler? It would take longer, sure, but presumably you'd be able to start work faster and you'd have less issues with the public.
Interesting and insightful.  Thank you.
Phase-1 is just 230 km long. What's all the fuss about?
Projects have a max size. When they get too big they get out of control and are a waste of money.
if the two main parties support the same thing that equates to the people having no choice on the matter, it's not correct to say "in a way the people chose this"  apart from that nice vid and explainer
Sounds more like one of the smallest to be honest...biggest only by over budget and unnecessary time spent on building it...and a bunch of people who is rejecting it when it can help the economy much more and future development for the nation. It just shows how ignorant the people are about history and also failed to see the future goods. All these people can see is only temporary benefits, the problem with society running in failing "western" democratic system. But that's also natural given the government have been brainwashing its own people and censoring so much truth about the world. What's worst, the government kept on wasting money on unnecessary things, allowing corrupted officials unpunished, doing under-table businesses that brings none to little benefits to the whole nation.  Given all the evil deeds that the British had done to the world for the last few hundreds years, all those inhumane treatments done to their colonized nations and regions, I do wish UK will fail in every way, let Britain fall and reform with a better social system than the "western" democratic system that's failing all over the world, especially in US, Canada and Australia other than UK. Good luck to the British people with a corrupted government ruling over them. Time to stop voting for useless leaders, time to vote for people who had showed good results of improving communities, making solid logical decisions, and all actions instead of all talk.
If it went from Edinburgh to London in one hour then it would be worth spending all that money on.
Sometimes it just seems that Britain is the capital of NIMBYism.
Brilliant job as usual
when i was a kid i watched documentaries like this in Discovery, i cant believe how awesome this is while on youtube
The Shinkansen was considered a "waste of money" as well, and now look what it has become! Japan's best decision ever!
Should get China to build it would have been finished years ago😂
why is it every one claims that HS2 is starting construction in London, when the HS2 headquarters are in Birmingham and most of the work is starting in Birmingham not London and I believe the Station near the Airport is actually going to be named Birmingham Interchange not Solihull as the station is no where the small town of Solihull and people will get confused as it's next door neibours are Birmingham International Station and Birmingham International Airport and Solihull has a station in it's town center about 10 miles away
True worth and efficiency comes when a link has other links and becomes a network. The Government has killed that prospect. A pity they cannot obtain European funding, especially for the cancelled extensions in the north.
For some people money does not buy happiness and for most mony buys happiness ,but lack of mony certainly buys you misery , a fellow creator ,.,.,.
Trains where a great idea when we had no decent roads. Since Adolf Hitler invented the Autobahn it is clear more roads are a lot more effective then more trains.
What do people want a backwards or forward looking country. One has to speculate and invest not trying to keep the shareholders happy with over inflated rewards.
Simply fantastic🙌 A great piece of content thank you
You are milking your audience .
This issue is literally like a copy pasted problem across all the democracies of the world. Even in India the HS project of Mumbai-Ahemdabad Bullet train and mass transit lines of Mumbai metro are under undue criticism. The issue with these projects is, larger the scale and expanse of these projects larger is its break even period. Sometimes it takes a whole generation to harness the utility of these mega projects to their fullest.
Rail is so much better for environment and comfort. Idk why America is so resistant to it. Coming back from japan to New York it felt like America was stuck in the past
Absolute madness that the Green Party are against sustainable, carbon neutral travel
A brilliant feat of engineering. Maybe we should have took these skill sets abroad years ago.  But who will benefit from this. All the fat cats hang round London.
£100 billion is a gross underestimate £200 billion will be closer . The trains will not run at full capacity, they will not run as frequently as first thought and the project will be outdated before it covers its cost . With more people working from home HS2 is unnecessary. I’ve raised the questions of ticket prices and projected use many times only to receive the answer “ we don’t know “
I am for this. However, this is my conspiracy I feel like the energy costs to compensate for this project has been put on us by increasing our home energy bills. They won't raise tax by much but they can tax the energy providers by a lot in order to carry HS2 to the finish line.
A solid documentary to watch just in time for my dinner here in India , cheers 🥂
Great quality production - with some excellent balanced reporting and interviews. Only criticism (considering the teaser question 'Is Europe's largest infrastructure project worth it?) is the lack of scrutiny into the economic argument - which has surely weakened as much as the costs have risen. The last 2 years have shown that investing in digital infrastructure is far more likely to lead to flexibility in working practices, connectivity across locations and people being able to contribute to the economy from outside London - and it is potentially applicable country-wide, not just in a narrow corridor. Whether connecting higher and lower GDP areas contributes to levelling-up is also highly assumptive - making it quicker and easier for people to reach London, may as well support further growth in London-centric infrastructure (e.g. Heathrow airport), jobs and wealth, actually draining economies in already struggling areas that do get connected and further ostracising lower GDP areas that do not get connected (Wales, South West, East Anglia, North East, Scotland, Northern Ireland).
@ B1M - get better visuals than 1080p. It’s blurry now that we’re used to better visuals. Use the money we make you to get better software/hardware.
I hope this project gets finished, because it isn’t a waste of money, it’s supposed to unite and connect.
Unifying britain will take more than a railway line its only going just past London but they can find 25 billion fo London cross rail where’s the levelling up
I would love to see Britain linked to North of Ireland by tunnel or bridge, The Benefits to both economies would be immensely rewarding, People from the uk could travel to Ireland for an evening out and vise versa, No imagination from our political leaders both sides.
Why we aren't looking at massively increasing the incentives to work from home I will never know. Less traffic/emissions, housing around London becomes irrelevant, saves energy and office rental for the employer.   Billions to sit in some pretentious office in London, massive waste of tax payers money.
Can we get a long form documentary like this on China's real estate sector and the many skyscrapers that are now largely empty or remain incomplete?
Between 2008 and 2022 China has built 38.000 km of high speed railway, racing at 300-350km/h… very comfortable, cheap, always on time… with project not over budget and done on time according to planning (and even some time finished in advance)
Every little tiny hamlet, village and shire must be enriched.
As someone who rides the Shinkansen weekly between Sendai and Tokyo, it makes two cities almost 400km apart feel like they're practically next door. The journey time is about 1 hour 20 mins (5-6 hours by car) and the smooth ride spent gliding across the countryside is an absolute joy. I never particularly enjoyed riding trains until I ended up in Japan. The Shinkansen were seen as a monumental waste of money before they were operational and then they quickly became the pride of the nation. Superb video though - this is the first time I've seen the pros and cons of HS2 explained clearly!
Govt budget estimates for future projects should always be tripled. They always lie in order to get past voters. Been this waybsince forever.
Don't care about ecological side, £100Bn is an outright scam, and I suspect it will climb to £170Bn before long.
2 things.... 1) is anyone going to be able to afford the train tickets? 2) why is Manchester being forced to have an above ground station?
Dividing a nation? more like dividing nations, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland don't get a look in, in terms of this high speed rail, but we all get to share in paying for it, for the benefit of those in England.
Lmao the woman at the beginning complaining. She says we're in a climate emergency, yet is against a form of travelling that is much, much more clean than the hundreds and hundreds of cars going over highways instead...staggering
I mainly said that because the only way it can get done is by Britain becoming a social democracy
We need to get it done, VOTE SDP IN GENERAL ELECTION, they will get it sorted, Social Democratic Party
This BS wouldn't happen in China which is why they are winning and the West is jealous. In the last ten years they have built more high speed rail than in the entire rest of the world combined since high speed rail existed.
Great video, as usual. Everything is there and it's good to see the presenter, for once
how is this video free 😭👏🏻 amazing as always
Excellent, we’ll balanced presentation. Thanks
Great video, although we should remember that "spending money" doesn't just make it disappear, ultimately the money is going back into the pockets of people working on the scheme. I'd love to see some analysis of how much of that stays in the UK vs going to foreign engineering/investment.
And we in Massachusetts thought "The Big Dig" that over ran it's  budget was a money pit. You Brits have it worst. The elite want what they want.
Most publicly financed big infrastructure project never finish within the budget or time frame. What's the big surprise?? Politicians at Westminster had to be aware of this before they approved the project. They all have to suck it up and think on the long term. And old people should not protest against it, because they wont be around to enjoy the benefits of it anyway.
Once you pay the tax the money ain't yours anymore
Wow, this was absolutely fantastic. Genuine journalism, with an extremely high production value and a real effort to show all sides of the issue. This channel keeps getting better and better and I'm thankful to be along for the ride.
Absolutely brilliant production quality! The whole idea of HS2 bringing the North and South closer and levelling up areas outside the capital to be more in line economically is good in thought. However, production primarily started in the south, and the scrapping of line 2B (Leeds) shows to me that isn't achieving what it set out. I would be curious to understand the outcomes of HS2 if phase 1 was actually North to South and not vice versa. Instead, levelling up the areas which do require such infrastructure first and whether this would've reduced project cost and scrutiny.
I like this man's voice. It's relaxing
I hate trains... the footprint is just never justified... its green if you exclude all the busses and cars people will take to and from the stations and all the cars the railway people drive for whatever reasons... evtol will make it look like a horse drawn carriage... and best believe evtol is here now
I like trains 😂 and construction
I'm not interested in hearing complaints about taxpayer money being spent on infrastructure, when the people making those complaints are cheering throwing billions down the drain to Ukraine, which has absolutely zero benefit to the UK public. £2.8 B in 4 months is ludicrous, and rivals the spending on HS2.
You keep saying North?
Initially there was a maglev proposal to build an even faster line
High speed rail in Italy has been a great success, is affordable, efficient and very popular.  One of the problems in the UK is the absolute idiocy of the piecemeal privatisation of services, where the taxpayer subsidises various operators (usually venture capital consortia or overseas train operators looking for an easy source of cash) who run overcrowded and inefficient services with underpaid staff and a ludicrous fare system. Many fear that the HS2 will just be another exercise in handing chunks of taxpayers' money to the same people to run an unaffordable service on a line which has cost a ridiculous amount of money in the first place. Maybe if there were lessons learnt from the French, German and Italian railways it might actually be successful.
I cannot imagine having my neighbors vote to kick me out of my house, under pay me for it, and then have the government cut the part of the line that would benefit my area out of the budget so that the train only benefits London more.
As the birthplace of the railway, Britain deserves better trains. That's a fact. Seeing British railroad history, I can't help but think of Beeching's Order 66 and how much damage he did to Britain's heritage. So of course, more trains would be a great thing for both Britain and the world in general as we look for better solutions to further advance society.   I'm of course in the US, where there is also opposition to high-speed rail. People say "muh USA is big thus not viable" and yet...they forget railroads connected the country first, and towns literally popped up because of trains. Or don't know that China is also big, and their system connects EVERY province INCLUDING the two SARs as there is service to Hong Kong's West Kowloon as well as Zhuhai station being right next to the Macau border. High-speed rail has proven to lead to a real estate boom and a better quality of life. Not to mention reduce pollution. People were opposed to ICE and TGV in Germany and France respectively, and now their networks are praised. If you were driving on a highway or motorway, and there were LESS cars to deal with because of reliable trains, how would you feel?
It's not the world's most expensive bcs Britishers looted all the money from the world. So, it's world's poorest project 🤣😎.
Crikey - great job, B1M Team.
despite divided opinions the scale of the megaproject is stunning, it's pleasure to watch especially the way The B1M represents such content is adorable, hope to see more vid as the HS2 evolve
A rail plan without looking at the ground conditions is a joke.
Look the reasons these projects ALWAYS go over budget is because it is standard practice to lie about the price. The first price is always the most acceptable price where advocates do their best lying. These people are slicker than a used car salesman who have spreadsheets galore. They can answer any question like looking into a crystal ball & ALL answers are positive. If only they weren't all based on dreams & not actual construction figures such as "total cost".   I assure Brits there is absolutely no way in HELL such a system can be built for £100-billion. Try more like 10x more!   Look, if California can't build their fast train for under a trillion US dollars or £850-bil, what makes you think you can? California has already started theirs, spending billions before more accurate figures were released. The project has come to a complete STOP.   YOUR GOVT. i assure you will do the same dirty trick!   Experts will be hired specifically to lie.  Never under estimate what people will do to build their fabulous choo choo train. In 1996, Seattle USA, where was scammed by politicians sold on a regional Lite Rail line promised to be complete in 10 Years time for $1.5 billion. Here it is 2022, 26 YEARS LATER it’s not even half built well over $20-billion spent. Another vote to kill it barely failed with more lies. Right now it’s estimated to be done in 2044 at $64-billion & I assure you, that too is a lie. Its a fraction the size of what Brits have been conned into & its not even high speed. Its like less than 30 miles! Its insane!   In Seattle, all the politicians who began the lie are all retired or half have died. The regional transit board they created aren’t even elected and have no incentive to finish. They charge locals up to & over $1,000 in car tax every year to finance the lie. They are all protected by local officials even though nobody will be alive in 2044 who voted the lie in 1996. It’s not just Seattle, it’s all over the USA and Europe. If they told you the truth nobody would approve. They have to lie because THEY KNOW BETTER, YOU DO NOT. GEE can’t wait for the £100 billion Magic Kingdom roller coaster carnival ride to open. Will you sell cotton candy too? Don’t forget to invite the clowns.
So I'll preface this with I'm an American, so I'm really, really not a schill for any political party in the UK, but I'm left to wonder why should Scotland care about this? Why should they help pay for this? This just helps to make their case about being second class ppl in the country, that England doesn't really care about them etc. This train line should be going up into Scotland. Saying it connects with existing slow trains isn't very meaningful. Also, if Scotland didn't want the train, (did they refuse it?) they shouldn't have any taxes for it. I hear that that Great Britain is a country of countries, then why should Scotland, N. Ireland or Wales for that matter pay for this? Local money for local matters.
Bruh, you gotta get to the vet, cus them swans are SICK! 💪… also yeah video’s good but bro, them arms!
I live somewhere that this will not come anywhere near. I hope to see it come to Scotland and wales one day to truly benefit the majority of the country. I understand that it’s very expensive and I never doubted that it would cost more than £100 billion. This is one of those projects that will keep on giving after we’re dead though so it’s absolutely an investment in the future. It’s one of those long term planning projects that the world often seems to be lacking. I just hope the benefits are as good as promised
Thanks for the insides to this project. Maybe you could do one about Stuttgart 21. For me in general, those train projects are a massive feast of engineering and sometimes its sad, that they just take so much time - cuz I wanna hop on those trains tomorrow :-)
An interesting fact no-one seems to have pointed out is that these mega-projects often get approved based on the idea they'll benefit the entire country. HS2 has (or had) spurs to Manchester and Leeds, which were used to convince MPs of Northern England that their constituencies would be connected. Of course, once the Parliamentary votes are obtained, everything changes. Northern spurs have been downgraded or cancelled and only Phase 1 (Birmingham - London) is guaranteed to be built. So once again, Northern England has been taken advantage to build an infrastructure project that will, once it is finally complete, overwhelmingly benefit the South, which already takes the lion's share of infrastructure spending anyway. This shouldn't be a surprise - in fact it's already happened with another railway mega-project - HS1 and the Channel Tunnel. The same thing happened - Northern MPs were promised that the line would reach as far as Manchester (Eurostar even promised to build a maintenance depot for their trains there), but once the votes were secured and the project went inevitably overbudget, the Manchester spur was cancelled and HS1 only got as far as London. Again. THAT is why there is so much scepticism about this, particular project. The fact it started in London, not Leeds or Manchester ( the Oakervee Review actually recommended that Phase 2 start building down from the North in parallel to Phase 1) is one of the BIG reasons why this project has 'divided a nation'. London will benefit from another world-class infrastructure project, while the promises made to the North evaporate and we're left to make do with our Victorian infrastructure. Incidentally, HS3, a line running east-west, connecting the cities of the North (Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Hull), which would have nothing to do with London was shelved last year. So much for all the 'levelling up' propaganda from the government. Plus ca change...
I'll admit. I'm not too keen on videos longer than 5mins and I was sceptical for this one. But after watching this, it was an amazing watch. The explanation, graphics, transitions and flow, knowledge and information etc.
Historically around the world Bullet train succeed in the Long run Apparently The Construction nowadays are very Expensive.
But how much one of the monthly tickets will cost if you are commuting to London? That's main problem.
I am no huge fan of China, but if this project was in China by the time funds are secured using Public Tax Funds in UK, China will be constructing the 5th project of such type.
How can a person oppose Public Transportation???????? Tf
To everyone at the b1m well done. The quality of this channel is second to none
The graphics on this video are on point! well done whoever did that!
I didn't hear much mention of the construction conglomerates, cement, steel and more, all pushing for it's approval. Like winning the lottery for many of them.
That was quality journalism. Well done!
People have never regretted investing in HSR? Seriously!?
Very cool project! I wonder what software they use to plan that 🤔
27:50 "There is no mechanistic way of deciding whether something is worthwhile or not". Yes there is. There is a benefit-cost analysis for all infrastructure schemes, including HS2.
It should have started at Inverness and worked it's way south via Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Newcastle etc.
Cheaper just to buy everyone an EV instead to cut emissions.
All for high speed rail but it needs to be north east to north west.
I love Infrastructure!!!  And the B1M ofc :) 30 minutes of pure gold.
the problem with citizens complain about spending, sure there are inefficiencies all the time in government spending, but doing nothing is worse
Mega projects in the UK often come with so many controversies.
At the moment slow trains have to sit and wait for fast trains to pass them, and fast trains have to sit and wait for slow trains to get out of the way. By moving the fast trains onto another network you free up much more capacity than just those trains, because neither type of train is sitting around and waiting any more.
I find it highly questionable how this project is criticised so much for its environmental impact. It literally aims to reduce travel times and eliminate short haul air travel in an entire country, yet there are environmentalists opposing it?   I mean sure every development has an impact on nature but with such an extreme ideology we can just as well stop doing anything in order to protect the environment…
Climate change doesent exist
I understand that when you connect a large metropolis with smaller cities, the metropolis sucks the life out of the smaller cities. Is London so altruistic that it wants to share more of its wealth with the Midlands and the North ?
Well done, fantastic video, the quality is just getting better and better
An excellent video that offered a balanced view across the opinions on HS2.  The issue I find with HS2 is that it was so half baked in the beginning.  Like it’s been highlighted in this video the lack of preparation up front has resulted in the current predicament.  I have no issue with investing in big capital infrastructure like HS2 even if it means I don’t see the most benefit, we must invest the future, for our children and their children. But I really do feel HS2 has gone off half cocked, for the price we’re collectively paying (cash wise and environmentally) it should have served the whole north much better with links right through the north and into Scotland providing a quick and easy way to get North/South without the time required on existing routes. I fear for all its cost and disruption only a few will feel the benefits.l thanks to the poor prep and political dithering.
One of the key problems is that, yet again, the North of England has been screwed over. In Sheffield, where I live, we have *just* got rid of Pacer trains, which were passenger trains build on a freight car chassis in the 1970s. Awful things. High speed rail is amazing, but everyone needs to benefit - as was the original plan.   It is always London that benefits, never the rest of the country.
It will be great. Build it and enjoy. All infrastructure is expensive but the benefits will be worth it. Also that money gets spent into the economy, it goes round and round..
The main problem with Britains Traintravel is the fact that its a private system. Trains only work when they are managed by the government. Just look at France and their fabulous system. Projects such as the HS2 will only work if Britain makes the daring move to expropriate the Railway.
Whilst in principle we can probably understand and maybe agree with the desire for HS2. Is it practical and is it cost beneficial to the nation? It is interesting to watch Dame Margaret Hodge chair-woman of the Public Accounts Committee and her questioning of the HS2 project and the cost benefit analysis of the project. Also worth noting are the replies and lack of replies to her questions. I have come to the conclusion it is not of benefit and when the nation looked in on the broadcasts of those committees quite a few came to the same conclusion and this why the nation is divided over it!
Imagine that many billions invested in nation-wide high-speed internet, including on the existing trains. You'd probably have enough to install EV charge points all over and upgrade the existing lines.
High speed rail is always a good idea! 😀 (...except in California)
If this government did an unbiased study of what the real problem with British railways was, and then found that HS2 was the only solution, then it would have much less opposition. This is not the case - it seems large vanity projects with flash visuals that serve London more than anything 'win' over actually making the rest of the network reliable and functioning. People don't need to get to Birmingham 20 minutes quicker, they need to have a network which is well maintained and can be relied upon across the entire country, which currently it is not. This is why people oppose HS2, and I'm with them. HS2 will not solve anything, it will extract more money from the taxpayer that we don't have.
Amazing video
Idiots, if you all used petrol powered HSR your projects would have been already finished and cashing in profit.
more trains is the answer to every problem we have!
Fuck youre good looking
England is so Londoncentric that I do not see economic benefits spreading out from London. It is more likely that it will accelerate the draining of money and power towards an easier to access capital. Levelling up is a platitude, and certainly has little effect upon the Midlands.   The benefits of the scheme are never really spelled out. Replacing flights between London and the North, is laudable, but how much of a benefit? Will people be able to afford to travel on HS2 unless they have a company footing the bill. Why will they be travelling to London, and how many will travel the other way? Other countries appear to use high speed rail links to connect places that are already strong economically, so how will Birmingham benefit by a shorter journey time to London, what economic benefits will flow from the capital? It always seems to me to be a very vague "there will be benefits" or it "will level up", but little explanation about what exactly this means. Do they not know? Are they just hoping? Worse, is it a lie?  I travel through a nearby area that has basically been destroyed by HS2. Today's children will probably be my age before there is even the slightest hint of what used to be. This does not make me anti-HS2, I do feel that there are possibilities, but, unfortunately, I believe that the benefits will be weighted greatly on the side of London. Apart from a small enclave in Manchester, London sees itself as ending somewhere just outside the M26. It is as if the rest of the map is "Here be Dragons", and to keep those dragons quiet by chucking the odd maiden North as a sacrifice.  Will the country benefit, or will we get a few scrawny maidens chucked at us, while London maintains its miser's grasp on the treasure chest of economic growth? Have swathes of the countryside, people's homes and businesses, and vast amounts of tax money been sacrificed for the benefit of London? Unfortunately, this is the scenario that I fear is the truth.
Fantastic video. Balanced and thorough. Thanks!
Check out the Inland Rail project in Australia. A freight train line from Brisbane to Melbourne. Which after staunch opposition went ahead after appeasing land owners and has spend billions of dollars on project inception alone…
Given how much it will improve travel and how far along it already is, it would be ridiculous to stop now
really enjoyed the longer video - would love to see more of them. Keep up the good work!👍
The Environment > Economic growth/capitalism any day of the week
This country’s decisions more often than not get dictated by boomer nimbys. The UK should be all high speed rail, the fact it’s going to take that long to just complete 1 line is a farce
Once completed..all those doubters and nay sayers will love it. Yes it’s expensive, but the rewards will outnumber it
china hsr is the best, they didnt talk and making promises much like western nations,but now its in the real world,already in use and even the biggest scale that when compared to this hs2 in england, it feels like bullying a small kid.
One of the best video . You need to cover the Indian bullet train project very similar to UK but has the spice of Indian politics and also involves japan. Was supposed to be operational this 15th August to mark India's 75th independence but its no where near starting.
It's great to have such an ambitious project to shift some of the economic power up north, but it'll mean absolutely nothing unless rail travel is renationalised and ticket prices are made more affordable. Wait until Virgin or some other trash company charges us £500 for a Euston-Manchester journey.
Carbon free travel!!!Hahahahaha!!!What a joke!When it is build there is a lot off carbon spend on it,like anything what is build.So there is a lot of carbon debt.It takes a lot off years to get free off that debt.And then?Today carbon free energy is maybe 5 %.There is no sign off getting it a lot more!So maybe it will get out off that debt in 2300 or 2400 hundred???But no one knows..
This video has impeccable tone. It balances all major parties and their positions and manages to address each with due respect. Bravo! B1M. Amazing job.
Come on Bim it's not quite Bam is it 🤔   Interesting Facts !  That said the Bam also tunneled under mountains through forests over many km and the Bam almost broke Russia in the process . The trans Siberian Bam goes for  1500 km and HS2 goes to Birmingham . In contrast the Bam railway cost £14billion and runs to the second , seats are available and train is comfortable for sitting or sleeping with quality buffet of noodles and mash followed by ice cream . Will HS2 be world class or is it really a pig in poke 🤔  Opinions please 👍
Just in time for the economy to implode. Call me cynical, I suspect this won't get anywhere near the north. My money is on having the worlds most expensive line between Birmingham/London.
With China building orders of magnitude larger lengths of high speed rail at such smaller GDP per capita for the areas served, the west really needs to taker broader look at why they aren’t able to complete a fraction of the accomplishment at much much more expensive bills.
Great video, but taxes don’t fund spending, spending funds taxes. The real cost is the environmental and social impacts and the opportunity cost of not employing resources on other activity like roads, cars and fossil fuels. On balance, still seems like a good project to me.
Don't people ever get that every dollar spent in country on infrastructure ends up gaining 50%.  The materials used, the workers working and so on.  It's not like they are sending the money away to China or something...are they?  Government needs to start under promising and over delivering instead of the other way around.
I see why civilisations collapse now...
Really good content!
Fantastic documentary, thankyou. 🌏🇦🇺
Really like this! The channel should cover the building of the underground motorway in Antwerp.
although, given how working from home is almost the norm nowadays, would the shortening of commuting times and therefore solving housing crisis be as effective as it was thought to be in the first place?
I live about 1 mile away from some of the HS2 tracks. I am for the project as I do see the benefits it can have. What gets me is just the endless setbacks. My whole area feels like a massive construction site now and will do for at least another 6-8 years. It just feels like it’s a very slow project, and id be surprised if I see trains running before 2030
Hs2 is a train for those in london due to sky rocketing housing, nothing for the north. That money could of been used much much better in improving the country. This is made for the well off middle class and rich, not those who earn 26k a year, which is the majority of the north
So people r crying over trees? Just grow more
Love, love love these long format videos from B1M! So good! Thank you.
Congrats B1M team. In my humble opinion, this is your best video yet. Great to see a 30min deep dive full of facts, interviews, Q&A etc.
Nice video but I think you should go into more detail around the financing. Quotes like '£1000 from every person" is not really how financing for government projects work. Would it be more likened to you refinancing your mortgage to build an extension to your house? Your monthly payments would stay the same but you've spent a lot of money.   I think when the financial aspect is looked at is that way then most people agree that an equivalent amount of infrastructure money will be spent anyway. So the arguments more become: is this the best way to spend this money? not should we spent this money.
Imagine if there was the same pressure from environmentalists and social media around to spread fearmongering about projects when the first railways were built, and the first railway companies had bowed down to that pressure and not built anything, so much development and advancement in the UK and the World from the 19th century just wouldn't have happened
You don't seem to have much of a network. No mention of direct rides to Paris?
I think it’s less the north of England that’s effected and more of Scotland.
This will never reach the north. It's just yet another london centric project. Nationalizing the railwinds so it's actually affordable would be far better.
Loving the new longer format! Keep them coming B1M! ❤️
Long Inchington Wood is the most English name I've ever heard.  I can imagine Sid James saying it in Carry on Dick while Kenneth Williams says "ooh, I say!"
Still maintain HS2 will be worth it. I'm annoyed the Leeds route has been scrapped though.  As a Northerner, we need new railway infrastructure and without trying to not sound disrespectful, the folk who are moaning will be dead by the time it completes anyway!
If this was actually needed it would be built on top of the existing lines for the majority
Its all well and good pissing loads of public money into a project like this but it won't mean shit when the selfish railway workers are striking over £37k a year wages like they currently are.
Love the video, pity the project is a waste of money
For context in Ireland to build a metro from Dublin to past the airport, a distance about 20km it's being quoted between 20- 25 billion euro.
funny to me that logging down some score soccer fields for such an grand future investment seems to be a problem for british people, are they not aware that in Brasil hundreds of acres of rainforest are being burned down every day to clear space for cattle, animal fodder, mining projects etc? and thats not even a future investment, after 5-10 years theres only lifeless desert left. buying cheap meat every week but protesting against such an grand endevour is just pathetic. nice vid tho
Sorry, but I just can't watch this heap of lies, it's a jobs program that has failed every goal it has, years before even being opened, based of some delusional estimates that are at best outdated and at worse just fake, I hope you had a fun time filming it because its the only way I see it bringing any excitement
What's incredible about HS2 is also how it's broken down and planned as lots of smaller infrastructure projects - with a vast amount of moving parts, and an unbelievable headcount that keeps in contact every day!
When the chief exec is getting paid 620k a year, it's no wonder it keeps getting delayed by years and years. 😂
Very interesting, and though obviously you're passionate about construction (that's what this channel is about!) you present a fair and balanced look at the different challenges, and the opinions about the project.  Nice work.  Keep it up.
I think its stupid to oppose the build if its already in progress even if the costs explode; leave the concrete to deteriorate?🤔
Thank you Fred. Very interesting documentary. The trouble with big infrastructure projects here in the UK is that on one hand we have NIMBY’s and environmentalists opposing any project and others that are in favour. No-one can agree! The country needs projects like this going forward or in future the UK will grind to a halt. Something similar is happening right now with power stations…too few new stations and now we could be looking at potential power shortages in the future. Big projects may look like we don’t need them when being built but their true value is only shown at some point in the future!
HS2 was NEVER about benefits to the North it was all about commuting from Milton Keynes. Right now all those commuter trains are packed by rhe time they get to Milton Keynes because they come from the North once they build HS2 to Birmingham the rest will be scrapped because its done its job and the people in the south will be happy us in the North don't matter
“We need to connect the north and spread prosperity!”  First bit to get cut is the north.  Nobody in the north is remotely surprised.
just goes to show, rapid building solves many problems.... most of the money goes towards high skilled tax payers in workers and less goes towards inflation and material.
I honestly think that in the UK there is too much time spent on planning. And, despite all this time spent on planning, discussing, and budgeting the project moves in a different direction. This can be attributed to inflation, Brexit, not foreseen issues (bad planning?!), environmental challenges (bad planning?!), among other.  A very good example of this excess of planning - not not enough doing in the UK - is the never finished highway ring around London. And the UK, especially London are full of these examples.  Moreover, if a speed decrease was implemented, the project could be significantly cheaper; namely by not needing as much viaducts - which increase the project's price, and also the maintenance in long-term. Yes, the travel time would be increased - but just look at what is planned now for Leeds? Furthermore, another issue - which was not discussed on the video - is that the new proposed trip from London to Leeds will mandate a train switch, as you will travel initially on a high-speed train, and then switch to a slower train to the final trip to Leeds. This train switch has a very negative impact on demand, i.e., people either look for another mean of transport, or do not travel at all, if the number of switches are too many, e.g., car to metro, metro to train, train to train, train to metro, metro to foot.  Regarding the country differences, if I lived in the North, I would not accept such thing - neither in Manchester, nor in Leeds. Such lack of focus on other country's regions is almost a cultural issue! Even the Monarchy does this. With Brexit - which I consider a mistake - the idea was focusing on the country itself - which is a lie, as we live in the Globalization era. The same party which defended and "did" the Brexit is not "putting the money where their mouths are".  I love the UK! I love the UK people! Thus, I think they deserve more, across the entire country. So, fight for it - like you did across your entire (beautiful) history.
I feel bad for the people and business who were forced to sell their land, shops and homes. I understand why people become NIMBY
also make a video on "Mumbai–Ahmedabad high-speed rail corridor" and it's complexities
Well it will surely change UKs geographic economy for better, imagine living close by BHX and going to work close to LHR in just 25 minutes, could pay much less in renting, housing everything, as now it's high the prices in big London. Now local impact it's inevitable as its with any other construction project anywhere in the world.
It has to be privatized.
Top speed is irrelevant,what is the AVERAGE SPEED.????  it is said it'll be 20 mins faster than current system.how the hell is that ground breaking
For Gods sake get on with it . When it's finished you will stop winging.  Australia has had for 11 Years a Liberal "spend on themselves Government." So HST tae 18 hours to travel from Townsville in NQ to Brisbane on a gauge and a line that has so much trouble going anywhere let alone at High Speed   i.e. over 60KMPH . Be grateful that you have a government that has guts and sees the benefits to the country. Instead of wasting our money on projects that don't go beyond planning .
This is a fantastic job! I’m immensely enjoying these longer-length videos that delve into the benefits and the hazards of entire regions. I’m looking forward, as always, to your upcoming videos.
I believe that the _natural_ costs of projects like these must be put under ever more heavy scrutiny. People are resilient, money will devalue - 10 years of 10% inflation will make the tripling of the costs seem trivial - yet nature has had to bear so much for our own gains across history that it's lost wiggleroom for even its massive resilience.  It's an interesting discussion that I hope will continue to focus on the benefits of humans and nature both. For now, colour me impressed by what all these engineers are putting together on this island nation.
Extremely well presented and to see all sides of the story. I thought 35 mins this better be good and it was. Thank you.
10:36 "both parties supported the project, so you people chose". If I get to choose between A and A, it's not really a choice now is it?
Very good presentation, and important.  The one factor I wish you would have done is to have gone back 10 or 15 years, picked out a project that made promises and see if the results came close to the promises. My guess is no and if the public ever realized the fleecing they take, the rich and powerful would have to find other ways to get big holes dug.
Seriously, this line is a joke. The line from Munich to Nürnberg is faster and not even an important stop for the 4 hour line between Munich and Berlin, which travels over 600 km and only has 4 other stops. That people don't realize how important high speed rail is don't understand the economic impact it will have the overall growth in the economy. Also, the line itself is employing many and providing GDP growth like all infrastructure projects should....
Dividing a nation. hmmm. Nice way of stirring up the them or us sentiment. Just for a few clicks.
Make the remote work mandatory, and all of that would be unnecessary.
All I think about when we see the new costs is what that could do for our telecommunications, High speed true fibre broadband would benefit more people, be easier to get in place and control the environmental impact.
The US is spending a hundred billion on a rail to nowhere lol
Very good documentary, thank you!
.
It's stupid now. Majority of city workers can now telecommute. Why make a large section of the population physically travel when there's high speed internet? Plus the distance between the cities isn't  great.
This really shows how little people care about the North in England.  1000 pounds per head sounds like a lot, but compare it to the e39, which will cost 6600 pounds sterling per Norwegian head. E39 is a road system linking up Western Norway, which is a part of Norway were less than 1/6th of the population of Norway lives. Now you can argue that Norway is richer than Britain, but it isn't 6.6 times richer, or even close to that. Of course there has been some objections to the price, but not enough to change anything on ground, or be an issue/influence on elections. It's just considered petty if the people in the more populous East were to put dents in a project not benefitting them, even if it's the East that takes most of the cost. We don't want to be a nation divided. England on the other hand...  To me as an outsider, it just shows how little people in England care about the North. 1000 pounds per head in an infrastructure project like this really isn't as much as it sounds like. And the benefits of a railway compared to a road considering how we'll have to change the way we transport people in the future, really makes this project ten times better than the Norwegian one.
Cut the nations losses, complete only the route and surface it as a cycle path. The fat-cat commuters can then enjoy getting in shape cycling north and south while they enjoy whats left of the Greenbelt :)
Stuff the naysayers. Get it built, and throw in a few dozen nuclear plants too.
I don't care how much it costs, we need HS2 badly
btw great voice
why not promote remote working that would dissolve event the need for frequent transport...of course more IT hubs and startups can come there and it will boost the local economy and real estate
Big thinkers get things done, small thinkers heckle from the back. Twas ever thus and always will be.
WTF come to India man...these are lame excuses here...get it done...the economic benefits are simply too high and we can replant trees lost and besides that if its about co2 removal start seaweed farms
Lol B1M does not like this railway evidently
It is worth it. If GB need more funding remove your social welfare funds. You are giving money to the lazy! HS2 funds commit money to the productive. Money going to people who work!
This was a fair analysis of a complex project with many dimensions, political, economic, social and environmental. I'm glad to see the B1M still doing longer form reports.
Interesting that the project budget is many times higher than originally proposed and the completion date has already blown out by three years. It's sobering to realise that this type of thing happens in other places, not just here in Australia.
Excellent presentation B1M team.
What a great channel. Always stories that nobody else covers with superb quality videography. Thanks so much for another awesome episode.
I thought the video will talk about the California high speed rail because it's also over 100 billion dollars.
Knoife.
What a remarkable project.  I definitely what to see more of these longer format vids.
Well done on your latest video production!  A famous Chinese saying: "One generation plants the trees in whose shade another generation rests" which reminds us of our ancestors for their selflessness and generosity in building the foundation for a better future.
Anyone else love city builder games, where you just get the dozer and knock buildings parks whatever, and then build and change whatever you want lol - I guess these people are moving now  But I find it funny where protestors will be like omg destroying the wild life... but is your house or place of work, a native building or something??
Which way is it "biggest"? By pricetag? is that justified lable? It's pretty mediocre any other way...
It’s good if the price of the train ticket is cheaper then fly.
been supporter since day one glad to see you come this fare love
HS2 just shows how badly the North gets treated by those in charge. It doesn't benefit those north of Birmingham at all.
26:25 "is it time for a radical rethink" for all the grief we're giving the US, their Congress has a rule that public works projects are to be cancelled when the projected costs reach 200% of the original proposal. By that measure, HS2 should've been shelved in 2019. It is also worth to note that the US hasn't built any significant railway mileage since the 1920s.
Just hire China to do it.   End of story.
If governments were actually collecting taxes from those huge multinational corporations which should be paying large amounts of tax instead of nothing, then many countries would have the sort of infrastructure they really need!
I wish politicians in Ontario Canada. Got their head out of their ass and did something like this.  If you look at the population from Ottawa to about Windsor Ontario. It well  over 12 million. Not to mention has one of the busiest highways in the world highway 401.   Edited, on top of all that there is multiple flights a day from Toronto to London Ontario that is less the 200 KM. So the demand is obviously there…
Only in England can the Green Party be against a fucking train to save a couple of thousand trees.
People need to understand cars are stupid, inefficient, and expensive when are used as the main form of transportation.
Total cost became part of phase 1 total cost.  Government efficiency on display.
We need a high-speed rail route along our Australian east-coast simply because in the long run planes have greater carbon-footprint, aren't necessarily quicker on short-haul services when you take into consideration check-in, security, & travel to & from airports!  I was very surprised to learn a few years ago that the air-route between Sydney & Melbourne was at the time the fifth busiest route in the world!  (Covid has probably changed that ranking, but still illustrates the need for a speedy alternative to air-travel!)
How’s is it a waste of money. It’s improving your infrastructure. Englands a small country with a large population, it makes sense to have high speed connecting the two largest cities in the uk.
One thing I don't understand is why air travel requires such strict security, but rail does not. A bad actor could take an entire rail line out of service with one attack, so it seems like rail should have stricter security. If this obvious gap in security with air travel were filled, air travel would be much more attractive than even high-speed rail.
Of course it’s over budget and controversial, it’s an infrastructure project for the public good. What did you think was gonna happen?  Drill baby drill!
If I lived a quiet country life, the last thing I'd want would be a high-speed train bringing city people into my neighborhood.
Makes you wonder if the US Interstate highway system would get built if started now.
$232 billion. That's my prediction of final cost.
UK high speed length 530km and cost £100billion, China high speed length 40000km and cost $1000 billion. CHINA IS THE CLEAR WINNER!
i cant believe those environmentalist are so against it. You can basically prevent future highway lane expansions that is way more destructive to the ecosystem. Also removing more cars decreasing carbon emissions
Without construction, theres nothing. Anything small or big, comes from construction. Hats off to the construction people.
The project and technology is completely outdated. I don't understand why they don't upgrade it to the latest super fast trains technology.  China, Japan, France and others had faster trains a decade ago than the outdated slow trains this line supports.
How do you give a cost figure without even looking at the land you're going to build on? Oh, I got your cost figures right here (bends over and pulls some figures out of ass), there you go.
In the words of Chairman "bringing Islam closer & quicker", ground conditions have become significantly more challenging than predicted....................as there are significantly more FALSE POSTS TO FILL AND PAY THE PUPPETS WAGES
I do wonder if the non boris party had approved if there would be different / less opposition. I've seen it down her in NZ with a leader who some hate, that leader might do something that folks would normally celebrate, but because the leader is on the wrong team, what was once a good idea becomes devil incarnate.
Short haul flights are so asinine given how you must get into the air & rely on essentially a super computer of decades past to keep aircraft stable. If they're popular in your country then you have a infrastructure planning failure, same goes for the concept of taxis & Uber. If You have a big Uber or Taxi industry then you have public transportation failure where people would rather pay substantially  than to get on a bus or tram.  I sure wish I could have gone back in time to stop 30 trillion dollars of debt being produced, not only there's 30 trillion dollars of debt that could have been used on infrastructure besides pot hole filling, but we're also spending 600 billion a year on interest payments that could be used for things like a total overhaul of train traffic signalling of the entire US rail network, and the construction of new rail stations.
California.... Hold my beer.
The problem with this project has not been the engineering, but poor management [eg failure to control costs] and interference by politicians who cannot cope with projects that last longer than 5 years
I'm really glad you mentioned the cancellation of the Golborne Supr (which would go to Wigan, the rest of the North and Scotland). It was so underhanded of the Government to sweep under the carpet their plans literally the hour the PM was undergoing a no-confidence vote. It barely got any media coverage and received none of the political uproar cancelling the eastern leg did, even though the loss to the North was just as great.
26:03 At least the HS2 workers are trying. Here in Sydney, when they were building the CBD-UNSW tram line, the construction company just ripped off the government and did the bare minimum. This resulted in project delays, long road blockages, and cost overruns.
This is the type of video I subscribed for. Not the shadow advertisement ones.
32:41 Watch out for Tygers of Pan Tang, haha!  This project is absolutely bonkers, however I am all for it.   Hopefully one day Canada will follow suit and build a proper high speed line or two.  Excellent episode!! I love the long format!!
overbudget is Empire legacy to her kolonial countrys, China can get it done under budget;
I have a prediction it will be a big failure just like the California bullet 🚅 train project.
I mean yer'all woulda got some EU cash for this if yer hadn't Brexit
Could 100 billion have been spent on better things? Like more hospitals? reservoirs? solar and wind farms? flood protection schemes? social housing? schools? tens of thousands of more doctors and nurses and teachers? YES. So fucking stupid that so much money is being wasted on saving 20 minutes between birmingham and london ffs
2B or not 2B--that is the question: 💀
Seems to be like the 'Big Dig' of Boston that took 16 years to complete. This is a much bigger scale, but the whole thing boils down to improving something that needs to be done... But not everyone agrees until it is finished. When it is finished, attitudes change and suddenly those opposed to this project find it wasn't that bad to begin with.   I understand why taxpayers are frustrated with rising costs, but that is the price to pay in today's society.
Now if only they had asked Elon and The Boring company in the 1st place.  By the time this opens, HSS will be obsolete to hyperloop.
Prices go up over time, unless you put in the money to finish a project in a matter of a year or two it will go over budget.
And I wonder what the ticket prices will be like. If they are as bad or worse than existing train ticket prices in the UK, train travel will continue to lose out to flying and driving.
Highly enlightening, without infrastructure the world cannot move ahead. Great doco thanks heaps.
Why is the question, “is it with the costs”
Each station around HS2 is gonna have huge restate value! 😬
Remember, if this project goes through it'll stay for many decades, of not centuries. It'll create growth and facilitate improvement to society. Although £1000 per citizen sounds like a lot, it's not the right way to see it as the project will not be gone.
Just as capitalism to blame “terrible governance” when it’s their cash
The thing had Bipartisan support, people need to GET OVER IT. As it stands now in mainland Europe short haul flights are been cut back and people encouraged to go by rail, the reason is greenhouse emissions from jets. When it's all built and running most people are going to say how wonderful it is.
can you make a video about the german project Stuttgart 21 in the south of germany?
Even with all the Protesters Hating on #HS2 I still wanted to support it! But when you mentioned that the Geology of the entire route hadn't been check at the beginning of the plan....😱 Now I'm really apprehensive about the whole plan! 😖
* Not the fastest in Europe;
Well, sitting in your battery electric vehicle for an hour waiting for it to charge up (especially after waiting a few hours for an open charger) really isn't going to "scale up" in the future.  It doesn't matter where you are:  UK, US, wherever -- we're going to save our species from extinction by cutting "consumption" across the board.  We either drastically change our way of life, or we all die.  You'll do far more to help not by purchasing a different car, but rather by not buying another car, ever again.  And so on.  So yes, we need to stop driving individual vehicles, and get into mass transit.  Thus, this is exactly the kind of infrastructure we'll need to climb out of the fossil-fueled road to extinction that we've been on for our whole lives.  And if we refuse to do that, "Oh, well."  When we destroy our own species and many others, we'll stop destroying the planet's atmosphere, and whatever life can survive will eventually have a beautiful planet to start over on.
Why are they not moving the houses and ancient trees?
Found out im on a projected high speed root projected in new York, unlikely it will ever happen, and it's not my house on root, it's a garden hill with the village monument and a former industrial strip and station ruins that exist in an unclaimed land state. Not saying I hate the idea, but if they they plow threw my station (my deed says it was last owned as part of my land) then they better put in a station.
I can't believe people would spend billions for high speed rail. When you could build a highway 5 to 10 times longer and maximally benefit everyone using the road, by auto type,  route, time of day and what they can deliver or carry. Trains are just a bunch of cute liberal garbage that have a high cost-like highways. but UNLIKE highways provide so few benefits in comparison why build them in favor of any roadway. It is just funny, I guess it all goes back to, "Monorail" and the libby's just cum all over themselves.
So the Brits will lose 24 hectares of forest.  They should travel to Toronto, drive north on highway 400.  About 100 km later you will pass through Waubaushene.  The farms end here and the forest begins.  As the crow flies it is 600 km to Otter Rapids (on the way to James Bay) where the forest ends and the trees are really stunted.   600 km of nothing but trees.
Great video!  I don’t think any country has regretted building high speed rail lines once they made it through the difficult phases of planning and construction.
Probably should have spent 100 billion on desalination plants and wind/solar power
love what you do B1M!
Long Itchington Wood haha
God I wish america wasn’t such a capitalist, car centric hell scape. Even fucking Boris Johnson wants HS2.   I couldn’t even imagine Donald Trump or any American right winger for that matter talking  about high speed rail.  Hell I could imagine any “left leaning” politicians in america talking about it. With the exception of maybe Bernie Sanders once or twice.
Japan, Korea and China are laughing in your face
On theme with British engineering challenges, the Swansea Bay Tidal Lagoon would be an interesting video.  Countless funding then setbacks and lawsuits
SUPPORT HIGH SPEED RAILWAY!!!!!!!! It will quite literally change the world if we all do it!!! BUT we have to do it smart!
I think, once it's done, everybody will be happy and this will all be forgotten.
Excellent video, very balanced investigation. Well done B1M!
Whatever the pros and cons of HS2, the government has been extremely poor at convincing large sections of the public that the project is needed. The construction industry seems to be benefitting. Their jobs being saved and/or created and the technology being developed and used may be very useful in other projects. However, the environmental impact looks difficult to justify. Getting to Birmingham 20 minutes sooner doesn't seem to be much of a positive change. Would double-decker trains run on the existing rail network have been a better option? Some existing bridges would have been too low but would lowering the tracks have been a viable alternative?
And the US still hasn’t completed a single high-speed rail…. I need to move to Europe, this place is so backward.
Microsoft
I bet politicians, around the world, would be a lot more circumspect about these "mega projects" if it was their personal income being used, their local area impacted, their house being forced-purchased. All this shows WHY governments have no business being involved in such big projects. People have long been conditioned to think that ONLY governments (taxpayers) can fund such huge projects. That's a leftist fallacy and outright lie. A lot of the "mega projects" of yesteryear, at least in the west, were funded by private individuals. Such efforts are most certainly scalable, providing government keeps out of the way. The massive benefit to "mega projects" being privately-funded is that proper due diligence is done, with an iron grip kept on costs, because they don't have an endlessly-deep public pocket to stick their hand into.  I realize the "average person" can't conceive of things like mega projects, (highways, railways, airports, ports), health, the police, schools and other "public institutions" being run privately, but that's only because we've been brainwashed out of that thinking. There was once a time when ALL of those things I just mentioned were in private hands, AND our collective tax burden was much lighter. User pays may be a "disgusting" idea to "liberals" who love meddling in other peoples' lives, but it's the way to go. Give me low, low taxes, and I'll gladly pay ONLY for the services I and my family use. It's not about "equity" in the leftist vision of such. People won't get "left behind", because in a truly "liberal" society (using the proper definition of the word), people take responsibility for their own lives and live in a free way that tends them naturally towards helping others. We already see private individuals like Gates using their massive wealth to "play god" in a negative way.  In a properly liberal society, people like Gates would have a real, operating conscience and moral compass that would lead them to genuine philanthropy, not the meddling, totalitarian kind such people currently indulge in. Further, people nowadays have NO idea how much of the "social burden" charities and churches USED to carry, from schooling to hospitals to emergency accommodation and food parcels. And don't get me started on the "Oh, they had their own agendas" argument. What - far left illiberal wokesters and bent politicians don't? Of course they do! We can choose NOT to use the services of a charity or church group, but getting a bunch of unelected bureaucratic ideologues displaced, or permanently voting out crooked career politicians is nigh on impossible.
Can't lie i noticed everyone in the protesting videos are such wetties
If only there was some kind of brilliantly engineered great central railway. I am sure the Tories knew what they were doing at the time.  The HS2 will be well needed once it has time to induce its own demand
So what happened to HS1?
England : High speed train waste a money  Indonesia : hold my beer
My dude, those guns are a feat of construction
Consensus leadership will ensure that this project will continue to underwhelm while enriching useless the people who "lead".
England England England. North south divide... England should pay for all that BS. How the rest of UK benefits from Londoners faster travel to their country houses.
Fantastic video. Well done to all the B1M team.  As a Brit living in the States for nearly ten years; let me put my two cents in.  First, I’ve just sat around a table with the guys I work with watching this and all of them have said the same thing, word in effect of, “how lucky you all are” and “how nice that would be here”.  It would be nice to have a public transit system 1/10th of that we have in the UK. A sidewalk all along a main road or even a bus shelter at most stops. It would be great if I could get a train to my closest city, two hours away, let alone half way across the country.  Yes, progress can be painful, and costly, but let’s take a look at what other countries covered on this channel are undertaking. Look at that money the US has just sent overseas in the last year and contemplate what could have been built at home.   The environmentalists will never be happy, but maybe if they spent their time helping to relocate newts and dig-up and move trees their time and money would be better spent, instead of demonstrating and buying tents and tarps made and shipped from China.  Keep pushing forward!
Great project! Great video!
It should have been a hyperloop with an above ground tube design loosely following the west coast mainline. Probably would have been more cost effective. Manchester to London in 15 mins.
Quite a hatchet job.  Didn't once mention capacity which is the real benefit from new railways.
B1M thank you for making this amazing video covering HS2. Y'all did fantastic, very professional, and well thought out. Loved the interviews with the people in charge and some leaders for these complicated huge projects. I also think we should think the long-term investment as this will change the UK for the better. I hope something is worked out for the 2B section of HS2 and more Electrification of the UK Railways espically their major Mainlines. The Great Western Main Line is not fully electrified to Bristol and could benefit with the British Rail Class 800 trains. But Network Rail and soon Great British Railways is developing a plan for more electrification of major railway lines along with battery and hydrogen powered trains to get rid of diesel powered trains.   I am speaking from the United States as we have a severe lack in building Transportation infrastructure such as huge Railway projects, case in point California HSR. But since I am in Florida a private company, Brightline and FEC Railways is building a railway line to Orlando and getting approved to built to Tampa, hopefully Jacksonville will come eventually. Which is massive because it will offer another option for us residents that don't want to use the car to go to Orlando and Miami, vice versa.  I am not sure if you are going to be covering this but since I am a student at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. I would love to see a coverage of NASA's Artemis and SLS Rocket because the discussion you brought in about Economic growth and that infrastructure projects gets approved by governments to show voters the investments that the government is making. And that quote brought to light on how the common public or the not well informed ones see Boeing, NASA as the ones "Wasting Money" while Space X (Private) is building rockets and people are constantly praising them without realizing that they are launching so much because of contracts. But they are not looking at the bigger picture. Infrastructure projects, Aerospace, Railways projects take time to build and get done.  Again sorry if this was long, long time followers of your channel and your website. I would love to see NASA's Artemis and SLS Rocket topic since its a huge science and research project. Plus going back to the Moon will bring more economic benefits to the United States and around the world along with other countries economics and political partnerships. Again fantastic video and I hope to see HS2 completed and running eventually, can't wait to hop on board. And see Boom Supersonic Overture in the skies.
I really really hope to see more videos like this one: quality, quantity and simplicity. A fantastic, respectful job.
Could you please cover High speed rail project JAKARTA BANDUNG please 😍
Many of the arguments raised about this project have been raised in almost every project of this type. Trying to meet local concerns adds to the cost. What are the alternatives? Given the density of UK population, overcrowding of existing highways and airports, how will people get around in 2050? Any new technologies will be more expensive and perhaps more invasive.   If it’s unpopular, then cancel the project and screw environmentalists etc. Let the gridlock of traffic further pollute the atmosphere! As far as property owners, how do those affected by this project think the motorways were built? With tearing down a single home?
This should be on television this is amazing
"Cluster F*ck" is how this is described in the US.
Should have asked China to build it but I guess the racists just can’t deal with that
We've come too far to pull out now, HS1 was a half-hearted attempt at an international connection. We cannot keep lagging behind the rest of the world with slow, rickety railways. For many people I can understand their opposition - they won't reap the rewards... but their children will, and their grandchildren. I've seen many videos, interviews, talks, conversations involving HS2 and its opposition, and I can tell you that anyone with the foggiest about railways is in support.   We invented the damn train, the last thing this country needs is to be ridiculed for half-finished lines and rubbish high speed infrastructure.
Those environmental anarchists are the reason this is so expensive and cause all those major delays. Stop living in the past, it takes money to make money. A little contribution from the environment to help improve its future. HS2 will reduce plenty of flights and cars.
China leads the world in high speed rail but the inflated egos of westerners cannot bring themselves to ask for help and advice  So this project will end up way over budget and way over time like all big western engineering projects
Good to see Europe catching up with China.
That's crazy that environmentalists focused on nature have been pitted against environmentalists focused on climate with this project. It would have been much better if a compromise could have been made as dividing the environmental movement could end up very bad.
The biggest issue in the North is trains like Liverpool to Manchester or Manchester to Leeds (like you showed) take over an hour, when the distance is nothing compared to London to Birmingham alone. So actually getting Northern Powerhouse Rail built is far more important to people (as it connects the North better), than shaving another half hour off a journey that's already similar in commute time to traveling between two Northern cities.
A 100 billion dollar project in the west particularly in the UK is only equivalent to 10 billion dollars worth of projects in China. But this is great. The UK should have invested in this kind of project earlier.
A big problem is that these are once in a lifetime projects, so few people have any experience in them and they make mistakes because they have only done a couple of projects. Then because of the cost overruns no one will start another until all the engineers have moved on retired or died so the pain of having to learn how to build things is borne all over again. When we build a lot of something we get better at it, achieve economies of scale, learn how to estimate better, and make fewer mistakes. A good rolling program of building high-speed rail in more smaller projects will achieve better results.
Public projects NEVER cost what they are originally said to cost.
the truth is  Britain is a  nation of whining NIMBYS ,  and HS2  will be completed  right  after that third runway at Heathrow.
Following existing rail lines would make it much easier.  Taking land is always difficult - going underground  - soooo expensive.
Long Itchington Wood?  Who names these places?  9 year old schoolboys?
It's funny how people's complaints caused them to be more careful in their building which is naturally more expensive, which lead to people complaining even more.   It's no wonder the end conclusion was to commit to the project regardless of what people think.
Cars are the money wasters. Not only for drivers but taxpayers, nondrivers, every human or any entity who breathes air. Trains are far safer, more efficient, smaller carbon footprint, greater mobility. Cars are a poor investment in taxes, insurance, repairs, maintenance, car prices, hospital bills, traffic time, stress, parking, ticket, and court fines and fees. The list is long and per individual incredibly burdensome especially in social and economic opportunity.   That is the legacy of passenger trains. Rails are much better connectors and drivers of opportunities than roads. Where I live in the American South, it’s a transit desert. Culdesacs are deadends and many of our roads are not intended for connecting. You have to use a GPS rather than expect to find a way on your own. When passenger trains connected up cities and even small towns everywhere, anyone could expect to have mobility. Cars don’t give you that. Each driver is very much on their own.   Switzerland has been investing in high speed rail for many many decades: https://youtu.be/muPcHs-E4qc. Any country investing now is feeling it especially if they haven’t been investing as much as they need to have been in the past. Ouch. But the payoff is civilized and in my view unarguably the best route to go. Why did America go with cars? We had passenger trains everywhere but this country put mobility to the highways. 🤦🏼‍♀️
well darn nukes
Oh so wild price housing bubble caused public infrastructure project delayed, and then greenwashed. Wow the pressure is getting worsah
I love B1M but this BS, the delays of the HS2 is one of the brexit victims, if you want to live in denial, that's your choice,,, but it's not gonna change the reality unless you join the EU again and accept the fact to cooperate with the other members rather than trying to boss them around
Fantastic documentary, but the one question that I've had from the start that I still don't have the answer to is  this will tangibly benefit me as someone living in the north? How will this actually affect my life and economic prospects? How much are tickets going to cost? How will being able to get to London slightly quicker help me to "level up", as if to suggest that I would travel the length of the country everyday for work? I'm sure there must be more to it than that, but I don't yet understand what the effect is supposed to be. How will this help normal working people who don't already have a job in London?
2B or not 2B.  All the best to your 100 billion .
Which country owns this project?
"carbon free travel" *Hundreds of big diesels running around the clock to build it* *Coal powering the plants to run the trains* Yeah 👍
11:14 That is a *fantastic* likeness of the man! 🤣
The North suffers. The North Remembers!
Similar to the fate of California's high speed rail, such projects don't appear to thrive without single party and authoritarian control.  Wouldn't it be nice if the west could compete with Mao's minions?  Perhaps such projects require that sort of comparison to be hard-wired into their initial development and carried through to their completion.
Long Itchington Wood
My God, your hands are HUGE!
This is a really high quality production. Nice work!
I see you half touched on the 'commuter' benefit but I wished you spent a few more seconds on it. Once HS2 launches, existing commuter trains which share the West Coast Main Line with the London trains will effectively be doubled. Stations that get 2 trains to Birmingham and other cities should get 4 trains ph. And those trains will stop getting delayed by the London trains. This massively increases the ability for people to commute to work within their own city. All part of the shift from cars to rail.
I live in the US but this was a very interesting documentary! Great job.
I hope this goes much better than the high speed line between Los Angles and San Francisco that is so behind and over budget it won’t reach either city at the end of it’s current construction phase, and money for later phases isn’t there.
but it will be so expensive to use that its not for your average working class this is for MP'S to get to westminster, i get its need, but the people who need it will be priced out, good vid but us real people will never use it
I hope they are building enough wind farms to keep it running.....
And here I sat, wondering why there was no video last week! :D
Haha in china it would've been finished a long time ago
But why do these projects always go over budget? Aren't projects in China and Japan mostly delivered on time and under budget?
They didn't want it But he built it anyway   -The Pixies
Amazing episode. Very impressive.  I live in Montréal, Québec, and back in the 70's and 80's, we started working on the James Bay hydroelectric project. It was huge, it cost a lot to build it but it also cost a lot in reparations to the various First Peoples living in the area and whose lands would partially be flooded. It was a complex process and not everyone was happy. I can tell you though, almost 50 years later, everyone here understands what a smart investment it was. And what seemed like an adventurous enterprise gave us the social expertise to build more of them. What used to be known as LG-2 now bears the name of the Premier who launched the project, Robert-Bourassa hydroelectric station.
This is consistently one of the best channels on YT.  Great video and very informative.
I don't understand how there is opposition to this from londoners. they just had a over budget, over schedule railway open - the elizabeth line, and its already transforming the region. imagine what this train can do.   Also, the figure given was $1,000 per person in the country, and that definitely sounds like a lot. But when you consider this train will be running at least for the next 25-50 years, the cost goes down to $20-40 per person per year. Once the train is up and running, almost every person will benefit in that amount some way or the other - greater access to the other parts of the country, faster travel, quicker delivered goods (more trains for freight), increased business due to more travelers, decreased home prices due to people relocating etc etc.
Thank you B1M team so much for this video, I learnt a lot and it really puts things into perspective.
If passenger rail was a good business, private industry would do it.
100 Billion is nothing in comparison to the amazing piece of infrastructure a good high speed Rail System can be, look how much it has changed Japan!
it would be cheaper and better to just install Fiber Optic internet to every household, who gonna take a train for a hour and a half to goto work? You can work from home.
Feel like I've just watched an episode of BBC Panorama. Bravo. Incredible work B1M.
Do a video on Mumbai Ahmedabad high speed line The first in India
Imagine for a second that Britain didn't have a unified electrical grid. Each city ran it's own little scheme... And the government decided today that all that had to change and they would build a modern reliant power grid. I doubt many people would complain then. Only the proper nutcases would argue against it.  This is the same with rail infrastructure. Once it's built, it's going to serve the country well. And it's going to cost money to make it happen. It's going to cost even more money when people bicker every meter along the way.
This will still be done before the one here in California. All a scam to suck money from the people here.
I prefer your neutral tone from earlier videos, not in the sense of the for or against, but your actual speaking voice used to be more even.
No one likes money getting thrown away, but high speed will bring huge value, whereas crossrail had a smaller impact in a smaller area and had huge overruns.
Given the energy crisis that Europe is facing now, it would be more vital to focus efforts to build up renewable energy and hydrogen infrastructures to replace the natural gas supply from Russia.   High-speed train projects can wait !  Off-shore wind turbines in the North Sea and solar farms in Spain and North Africa can be used to produce electricity and hydrogen to replace natural gas, so all infrastructure funding must be diverted to fulfill those goals, to build hydrogen pipelines and electric power lines from those areas back to Britain.
12 years ago i started traveling between folkestone and manchester yearly, making the journey at least 3-4 times a year in a car, i remember it took me around 4 hours at the time one way, last journey just over 6 hours on sunday, there are huge problems with transportation in the uk and majority of people are oblivious to it, business is on its knees in this country, projects like these are a necessity regardless the cost!!
It's hard to see how the economic benefit will spread north when the whole idea is to make it easier for commuters to head south
Love the longer format of this video. As an American, train and public transit enthusiast and sustainability advocate I found this video extremely informative. Thank you!
2012 - 2017 seems so quick.
why dont they build a road
from France it's funny because we juste say "hey let's build a new 340km LGV 2 or 3 years for the studies 2 years for the money prepare the terrain for 2 years and 5 years to make the line and we build the next one it's same for germany italy or spain
Clearly there are no capitalise here who loves the country, and everyone trust gov and there friends. Fail?
HS2 is all about increasing rail capacity into London.  But the nation would've lost the plot if yet more billions were poured into infrastructure for London.  So they came up with HS2 and claimed it was for the benefit of 'The North'.  They then of course started building it in London, to make sure the extra capacity there was up and running as soon as possible.   They'll build the line to Birmingham and the cost will be so enormous that they'll either kick it into the long grass or just build to Crewe and call it a day.
Now many people here try to make the case that HS rail is expensive and difficult to build as it is a massive infrastructure...but here in the USA our wonderful government has shoved $3 trillion at infrastructure without any plans being made, nor an skilled people being available nor supplies being available. How about teaching our politicians that infrastructure takes years to plan and throwing money at it only stokes inflation?
Wow. Nicely done! We hate the damn HS2. Couldn't help but norice the dude in charge has made tory donations lol XD  "Oh well we are planing trees to be carbon neutral" even though its been proven thats a: a lie and b: not possible XD the power all comes from the coal and gas grid....planing trees doesn't make up for killing the planet and investing in oil. This is a step backwards for us in the uk
100M/week for 20 years is £2/week for each taxpayer for 20 years - to build a railway that should massively positively impact the North of the country and will survive for hundreds of years.  Certainly Leeds should not be cut out, and Manchester should get an underground station (big concrete pillars going through poorer neighbourhoods famously makes those areas far worse off).  The amount of money that we spend indirectly and directly on cars is insane, and with the climate emergency, net zero travel is very important. IIRC 16% of climate-change causing pollutants are from personal travel?
HS2  hmmm, pardon for asking there is HS1?? long overdue project, should have started years ago
Even with the higher end cost of the project, it still isn't as expensive as California's high speed rail project. California's HSR sits around 3-13 billion more than HS2 at the current moment.
How long is it supposed to take? I think it will be game-changing for the UK.
Money shouldn’t matter when it comes to massive infrastructure that will still be used in several centuries
I never really understood all the jokes about North vs South London being middle class or posh in UK comedy shows like CatsCountdown etc... Until now! After watching this, I can see Northern region has been shafted when it comes to growth and development for years. 😮😮
Hs2 is just a massive airport shuttle train, made for the elites. It’s not built with communities or carbon reduction in mind
Nobody in any government projects ever has to pay for mistakes or missmanagement. Why should anyone in the project ever care?
Splendid, great documentary!
What a brilliant video. The B1M never disappoints!
a $200 transit pass is much cheaper than $400 car payment + fuel, insurance & parking
It's the "salami" financing method. They make a slice of the cost and give that the public every 2 years or so.
long form 10/10
Living in the south of the UK isn't the easiest and quickest way to travel. I think if it was all underground people wouldn't have to much of a problem.  They would have been better doing the hyperloom. London to Birmingham in 15 mins, that would sell the public. London to Scotland in around an hour. Would make people get on board.  If they planned to connect the major cities first for quick travel that would get more people onside. If they were bring more business back to uk people would be happier
The continual scaling back is imo the worst 'solution'. To get quick headlines of cutting a fgew billion here and there. The loss of a Euston platform reducing resilience, the less ambitious Euston station, but especially the way HS2 will just peter out beyond Birmingham - no full line to Leeds, no direct link to Scotland , carving through Manchester rather than under it, means the whole point of it is even more questionable. Spend a truly huge amount and do the lot, spend no more and stop now, but not just spend a mere huge amount for 20 minutes saved to Leeds.
Thank you so much for showing this informative in a unbiased way  on HS2 as always it was brilliant. it’s a shame we can’t deliver this on budget and go further up the country we should have investing in the network for decades but no government has  because they new it would course this outcry of opposition the same thing happed when they started to laying the first train line. Unfortunately I dought it will ever see Nottingham
Planners quite reasonably want to build the portions that will generate income first. But, that puts the lower income-generating portions at risk of never getting built. That creates great distrust of the national government in the North. Scotland's desire to separate from the UK increases because the were treated as second class citizens. Watch it happen, sadly.
Nice seeing a great video on something I have personally been involved with. My company has been behind a some of the design work to support this project in London!
I really enjoy your videos and the your “cards on table face up” way of explaining the challenges and cost, both good and bad/reality of it all for the average person of that country. It’s why I watch! 👍🏻🍺🍺!
This is such a consistently good channel. No construction propaganda but constructive ;) examination of benefits and problems for people, the environment and the industry. Very good balanced work.
Typical western project, to many hands in the pot and not enough heads.
🥱 a video about brits in love with themselves. Pass.
Talking about wasted money, it would be great to do something like this on NASA's SLS rocket.  And how beyond schedule and over budget it is.  How expensive it will be per launch compared to current and future planned private rockets.  And how Congress keeps it going just to keep tons of American jobs going.
California HSR will actually be more expensive...
Very good video
As long as the dont add massive parking lots, i don't see anything wrong with it.
I appreciate the ususal very high level of effort put into this video and just as much that it's longer! Please keep it up! Amazing content.
Nobody wants to pay for rail, but it would benefit everyone.. even if it costs money on the books the economic impact is massively positive.
Glad to see progress on this, it's a long time coming! Would like to see one connecting Bristol and/ or Cardiff to London and preferably another to Birmingham also.
Just a brilliant video.
What an absolute travesty of journalism. Clearly the author hasn't read any of the documents he cites and thinks that ten minutes googling and a quick twitter search is all the research required.  For example, (there's plenty I could pull apart, but just one example will do to expose such sloppy research,)  tell me on which page the Oakervee Review cites the cost could reach 106Bn...? Don't bother, because I have actually read that document. The only time the Oakervee Review mentions 106Bn is in order to dismiss it as (my words) a "not credible" estimate from a 3rd party. (StopHS2 darling, Michael Byng.)
I often wonder if my grandfather’s generation understood the lasting effects the US Interstate Project would have on the United States.   Of course it’s intended purpose, to aid in the rapid evacuation of major cities that might fall under threat of attack, has been lost over time.  I fear that evacuation of ant city today would even be possible.  We step into the unknown every day, too often we do so without asking is this the best path we can take?    Bravo on another thought provoking and well produced mini-documentary video.  I’m looking forward to more.
High Speed UK, came up with a vastly superior design incorporating Northern Powerhouse Rail before it was thought of. Of course it was canned in favour of a cludge of a design serving only *THREE* cities directly.   It needs cutting at Aylesbury, leaving the advanced construction of the London to Aylesbury section. Then it can run onto an upgraded Chiltern Line to Birmingham. So use what has been built. The rest is not worth it.
The HS2 budget is basically a laughing stock
That editing though... I love all the linked transitions.
And for a few pounds more, make it a hyper loop.  A sealed system with transparent plexiglass all around.
7:48 I have NEVER seen that happen... all it does is create a massively expensive necklace of land all along the railway near these new train stations... it will price out all the poorer people who used to live in what WERE the shite neighborhoods and force them even further away from any public transit... or deeper into the slum-like properties that they can afford in the cities...
I like what Mark Thurson said... "no country has ever regretted building high-speed rail."   The only exception I can think of is that maybe China regrets building too much h.s. rail... but only maybe.  I hope California gets to complete the rail project there.
As soon as someone says Climate Change and Green Energy... Total discredit to them.
allays make me chuckle when they say "north of England" I live 100miles north of manchester but not in Scotland so no one really cares
HS2 originally was supposed to: ▪Connect provincial cities to the continent. ▪Connect all to the country's prime airport, Heathrow.  These links were dropped. The raison de etre dissolved. HS2 should have been cancelled immediately.  HS2 does no more than upgrading the existing mainlines using faster trains, which can be done at a fraction of the cost.
That was brilliant guys! Nice job!!
You start a project like this and everyone the project tries to extract every single cent they can. The general contractor rarely cares or tries to control costs or suggest cost saving measures.
If "capacity" is a big part of HS2, and the routes and rolling stock are fully bespoke, why did designers not choose to go with double-decker trains on these routes? I understand that upgrades to the rest of the UK's rail network, to accommodate double-decker trains, is out of reach -- but why not design this structure to accept them? Every station could be smaller than what they're forced to create when the trains must be so long. Seems like they missed an opportunity there. Thanks for the great video.
Most of the money is going to wealthy families that own the land. A company like Tesla could do this at half the cost.
Makes me think of the subways during the Blitzkrieg , on a bigger scale
"Low carbon travel" ... priceless.
I'm 2 minutes in and the mere fact that Boris is promoting HS2 means that I already know this publicly funded project will be run into the ground by private companies who are just fleecing the UK tax-payers. I don't understand why anyone who lives in Scotland would want to stay part of a union that takes their tax money and literally shovels it into a private bank account lol.  edit: yep, majority stakeholder in operations is FirstGroup, notorious for underpaying staff and siphoning public money from other "public" transportation projects that were privatized in the UK. All this while rail and other workers are protesting and unions are threatening strike against deplorable contracts.  This honestly would be a great idea if it wasn't mired in corruption and graft.
Oh! The Dutch threatened their mayor with death when he suggested bike lanes in 1970s. Paresians protested when they built the effiel tower. People will ALWAYS PROTEST even if it's for the better.
HS2 is a fantastic idea.  Infrastructure projects create new jobs and new skills and inject money into the economy. Efficient, reliable public transport is greener and cheaper.  Connecting more geographic areas in Britain will help bridge the North / South divide. Now if only we could find a competent  government to realise this dream.😑
A big part of the problem seem to be the very high costs per km in the UK. In Germany, France and especially in Spain, costs per km are much lower, even for dedicated high speed lines. The German approach of upgrading a lot of existing lines and having slightly lower maximum speeds is even more cost effective. An example: HS2 Phase 1: 220 km of track: 40 billion pounds Cologne-Frankfurt high speed line: 180 km: 5 billion Euros  Wendlingen-Ulm: 60 km: 2 billion Euros (both lines with a lot of tunnels).
IT IS BRITIAN! THE MOST BIGGEST PROJECTS!
24 hectares is nothing.
Did anyone else see Fred Mills' questionable bookmarks at 1:10 😜🤣🤣
Holy christ, they're spending all this money and causing all this upheaval for just 37 minutes??? what a fucking disgrace!!!
It's amazing how incredible this video has been. It's also amazing at how much this project mirrors the California High Speed Rail project. I'd love to see a video like this on THAT project (and I support BOTH).
We're all going to have a good laugh when all the ancient forests they are now tunnelling through for 10s of millions are all bone dry cinder from annual record droughts by 2035.
Absolutely brilliantly done. 34 minutes of my life exceptionally well spent. Fantastic information, analysis and discussion. Well done! Cheers.
Now let’s see this happen in the US
You should do a video on the Canadian Trans Mountain Pipeline, could be interesting
the fact you need to specify that a public infrastructure bill is an order of magnitude more expensive than a tech company's vanity building is mildly frightening.😅
Somewhere over 40 minutes for a 'episode' of 'The B1M' that's a very special treat. Most times I am just getting into your story ... and boom it is over. I am sure the cost goes way up on productions of this length and quality but it is great!!! You and your team bring some of the most interesting stories for a major construction geek such as my self to totally devour, but this was a full blown feast. Feel free to have longer versions anytime you like. B1M is definitely in my top 10 on 'YOU TUBE PREMIUM'. Keep up the great work, you all bring a truly interesting episode each and every time. Very good length, thanks!
It's worth noting that HS2's cost is based on borrowing against future returns. Since the economic benefits are net positive, it should pay for itself within a few decades after opening through the increased tax revenue. If it wasn't built that revenue wouldn't exist, and thus the money wouldn't exist either.  Imagine you were planning to build a house to rent out. The bank lends you say £200,000 in a house building mortgage because it expects you to be able to pay that via renting it. If you weren't building the house, the bank wouldn't just give you £200k. In essence, this money would never exist. When banks lend you money, they don't give you money they hold, they create it by adding it to your account. They are only required to hold a small fraction of that amount as a reserve. And for governments it's even easier since there is no reserve amount, they can borrow whatever they want, only really dependent on inflation.
Projects that take this long to complete and cost this much end up not being as useful eventually as they could've been in my opinion, as in almost 20 years time the idea of travel or why we would need to travel would change, as well as the means of travel or getting things delivered to us. They've essentially gone neck deep in this and even if they internally realise it could be a relative failure, they have no choice but to complete it.
Very good video, even by your channel's standards. Easy to tell you spent a lot of time on this one, and did a lot of research and travel. Love the way your channel's going m8, keep it up!
I think that HS2 is and will be the biggest mistake of Boris Johnson, except for the parties during the lockdown.
Excellent B1M video as usual. Thank you B1M and Fred Mills.
Well if they were so worried about levelling up the North, why not start HS2 in Leeds and Manchester, and not London?
Amazing movie! Loved every minute of it!
The only thing I don't get is why all those northerners think they're equal to Londoners
The way the speaker waves his arms around makes the video unwatchable
how much of the rise was driven by the crazy house prince increases
howmuch over budget todate?
Bloody southerners
I'm surprised you made this. There is a whole YouTube channel devoted to it and train enthusiasts like geoff marshall on youtube as well have covered it extensively
It's completely pointless, nobody needs this.
The concrete used on one viaduct alone will produce more carbon emissions than the line can ever save.
Love it. Can you make more NYC Skyscraper / infrastructure videos?
Ah yes, Democracy, where the many vote to lower the property values for the few Any project like this should include compensation for people's property values changing.
Fred’s hands look gigantic!
Great video, great project.  Need more HS projects here in USA.
Eh, the problem with high speed rail lines is they're treated more like airplanes and less like public transport. So the claims of "oh yeah, you can live in one place, and work in another with the HS2" is pretty flimsy. No one is going to be spending a bunch of money on tickets that cost as much as a plane ride every day just to work a few towns over. So 90% of the traffic on the rail is going to be tourists, or people on business trips. Not daily commuters. Unless somehow its treated like a normal subway or something where you buy a railpass for a reasonable amount and can just hop on the train whenever you need. If it's not something like that, there won't be any benefits or growth to any economies.
HS2 will bring more people into one of the most environmentally friendly modes of transport and environmentalists try to cockblock it at every turn.   Hypocrisy at its absolute finest.
It is an interesting juxtaposition: Government wants the revenue, economic improvement, and prestige of these massive infrastructure projects. The opponents want the costs controlled, the scope reduced, and also the benefits. So how does one find a middle ground?
I never knew that Wayne Rooney has an engineering channel.
Living in Wales I wish there was bit better connection to the rest of the UK without having to use cars so much. I hope they don't cut the Crewe section.
Top work this, what a channel. That this content is free is just wonderful
I bet the entire thing will be complete before phase 2 of the second avenue subway opens a single station.
I've been on the LNER and going to have a go one this once its completed.
Funny that Euston gets money for an underground platform and Manchester doesn't 🤔
Excellent job on a very prickly subject. Found myself getting a bit twitchy at a couple of points due to perceived bias but I think you did a terrific job on being as considered and balanced as possible. That being said, much of the opposition for huge projects like this quickly melt away, once whatever being built is up and running. At least it means another 10  years of content for B1M! Al the best, folks.
Compared to Japan and China. England can’t do shit
genuinely don’t understand the point of this. 100 billion at least to cut travel journeys to london by 20-30 minutes? it takes me two hours to travel to leeds and it’s about a 5th of the distance between me and london, which takes the same time. enormous white elephant that will suck industry out of the rest of the country to london.
I can see both sides on the HS2 debate, however as a regular cyclist around the route in Warwickshire I've found the destruction of hedgerows and trees for hundreds of metres either side of the line in places hard to reconcile with HS2's promise to minimise damage to the landscape. Some of these areas left completely desolate will take 100 years to recover.
The quality of B1M videos is only getting better. Hands down the best construction channel on YT.
It's obsealeat a total waste of TAX PAYERS money, more greedy old boy networks get rich
The Canals in the 1700s. The Railways in the 1800s. The Motorways in the 1900s. Nobody wanted it because of the distinct changes, but everybody used it, or eventually benefited from that infrastructure . 2000s. Next. !
Ngl the way this narrative talks about the nature arguements is a bit bias against it. Like them destroying a ton of Forrest's and endanger many species, them saying they are gonna do even more is a stretch. Like are they reliable enough to carry out their claim to a high degree?
Same happened in Germany with the Stuttgart project.
I wonder how this project compares to the Elizabeth Line.
100Bn pounds??? Are you kidding me? The Paris-Bordeaux HS line is almost twice that length and it cost 7.8Bn
these are classed as "national projects", just like crossrail, the jubilee line, the water tunnels, tube upgrades etc etc, and as such those outside of london where those "national projects" are, have to pay for them, that means for Londons upgrades, places like Scotland have paid billions, our bill is 10 percent, and on hs2 alone, a tiny wee nation like us is saddled with a bill of at least 7 billion, thats a third of scotlands yearly rebate, and for that money you could rebuild all of scotland schools, and hospitals, ALL of them.
Strangely-enough..... although it has more work involved, is still costs way-less than the Russian Olympic Games!!!
Great video! Love this
when ever i have been in UK, i am suprised by the prices, i can only image how expensive these tickets will be.
I saw Balfour Beatty was a general contractor for one of those sites on this video. I’ve worked around them here over in Northern Virginia. About 20min from the White House.
Quality content, superb graphics and Fred as always doing an amazing job 👍👍
Awesome project!! Great video!
Problem is, nobody in London wants to visit the midlands, and nobody in the midlands wants to visit London
Build massive motorways and nobody bats an eye. Build railways and suddenly people don't want it anymore. On top of that the Tories's utterly mismanaging the infra investment.
That was a really well done video.  Well done.
Brilliant
I'm sure that at least, between 15 to 20 Bn are just laundry money or diversion of public funds. Just cut those trees, you don't need to cut 'em all, just some. Or don't cut 'em, but move them, it'll be a lot cheaper than digging a tunnel! It's just nonsense that amount of money.
The UK has achieved an American level of waste and mismanagement. Very impressive. Everyone involved should apply for jobs in Washington. Good video.
I work on the HS2 project, the costs are absolutely massive our labour costs alone for the site i work on (one of hundreds) is about £40k a week alone nevermind the costs of plant, materials etc.
Good piece. I would encourage more explicit recognition that these types of infrastructure projects shouldn’t be viewed as “worth it” over a time period that’s implicitly around 25 years (I.e. a generation; they’re really for our children’s children and should be thought of as being amortised over 125+ year period at least.
That £1000 per person number sounds artificially inflated: individuals contribute only a portion towards the public money collected through taxes, much more is collected (or should be) from businesses.  So it's probably well below £1000 per person, once we take in the amount of taxes paid by businesses.
One thing people often forget… is that the money isn’t being wasted whatever the outcome, it’s being spent employing high skilled UK workers
I think that mass transit as opposed to privately owned mobility Definitely has to happen in cities and certainly when a2b travel is PROVEN to be (by groups other than vested interest) be environment sustainable Governments NOT PRIVATE EQUITY companies should be doing this as Norway has proved with the North Sea oil Proper use of Natural resources can befit Nations NOT greedy people
Wow!  Pure bait and switch!  What a costly, manipulative and dishonest project.
You can be sure that the businesses involved have come up with excuses for pocketing all that extra money. Someone needs to add up the costs for people actually doing work and material and machinery cost, then subtract that from the actual cost, then you are left with how much was just pocketed.
Nothing but a complete waste of money and resources
If this project was in China. It would have been completed within 6 months. But in Europe everything has to be political. They already started so might as well all agree on finishing the job. Then the naysayers can claim their tax back in all fairness.
We needed this 40 years ago!!
thanks for the 30 min <3
When I saw the thumbnail I thought it was another California High Speed Rail video that you made
The stations along the way to Glasgow & Edinburgh? . . . will they be spurs . . . so that express trains can be scheduled realities?  The work force (construction crews) along the way will not stress the local supply chain of local shopping? . . . lunch breaks, convenience stores, schools, etc?.  Seems that a lot of the objection is just noise.  Counting pence and ignoring national employment is selfish.
It baffels me that people oppose such projects due to environmental impact. Those few trees being cut down is a fraction of the amount of trees that will die to climate change itself. And such projects that really put people in a environmentally friendly train instead of a myriad of cars and planes will actually help fight climate change. Like what do such people expect? „Yes to fighting climate change“ but against absolutely all projects that actually helps the cause? It‘s the same with wind turbines where environmentalists oppose them due to 10 trees being cut down. Instead they’d rather have a tremendous gas power plant… It makes zero damn sense
Doing Boris dirty with that animation, love it 🤣
Compared to China’s 40 000 km high speed network,this project is like a baby play.  How can you say biggest?
What a huge scale of incompetence all round.
"HS2 is now set to become the most expensive high-speed railway in the world"  California High Speed Rail: hold my track.
Meanwhile in the USA😰
What would the public opinion be if they started construction in Leeds and Manchester, and work their way southwards? Even if they stopped at Birmingham, surely that'll be more beneficial than what they're doing now.
As a American my interpretation is don't step on your tits it's new tech$$$ but the whole damn planet needs to modernize the initial investment may be high but new infrastructure will make profit long after it's paid off
Waste of money just to get someone to Brum a bit quicker, whilst the remaining railway infrastructure is starved of investment. Vanity project.
B1M has gotten to the point that any content they share is top-notch.  This one's an excellent example.  Keep 'em coming.
No one ever seems to ask why so much money is spent on highways and free parking 🤔
Whenever HS2 or CHSR gets brought up, I always remember this. The Original high speed train, the Shinkansen, was berated for being useless, overbudget, late, etc. Now? It has literally revolutionized rail travel, boosted the Japanese economy, and one of the highest ridership of any country on Earth. It'll be worth it, let's just do it.
Mark Thurston gets £660,000 yearly salary (including bonuses). So £1,000 per taxpayer, means 660,000 taxpayers ARE JUST lining this pr*cks pockets! So of course he says "you gotta believe" because his cash flow is on the line!
The completion date 2041 is terrible because in that timeline technology and things is so much advanced
What I don't understand is why it Terminates at Euston and not St.Pancreas?  It would be amazing to board train in Amsterdam and disembark at Manchester seamlessly.  I'm sure the government could add transportation taxes are Heathrow and Manchester airports to subsidize HSR.  It would be a fair transfer for carbon intensity of flights over rail.
Hey, Fred.  It is great to see you covering the social, economic and ecological aspects of a project.  Not to say that you haven't in the past.  This one is much more in depth.
Railways and rail transport was better in the 1800s then the 2000s. This drain on money is only going to benefit London in the end. Not the Midlands at all, a part of the country that is constantly forgotten.
We have a project, here on Vancouver Island, that is shrouded with 'nay sayers' and bad press, but more over, a government that fails to see viability, especially when there is a pre-existing track bed left from the predecessor
B1Ms videos are always of very high quality !!! Pls make such longer videos in the future ❤️❤️❤️.
There really is no need for this project of 'infrastructure', it's a complete waste of taxpayers' money, disrupts people lives and ancient woodlands are being destroyed etc. There are a lot more ways this money could be spent in the Uk to help people. I am from Birmingham and I can honestly say that the time this line would cut off my journey to London or Manchester would be insignificant. England is such a small country and the actual HS2 only covers a tiny part of it, not even all of the West. It'll be interesting to hear if the budget is still the same ridiculous amount of £ even though the Leeds connection has now been dropped.. So the North/South divide will continue to grow with the loss of this.
I’ve been on the Shinkansen in Japan and travelled in china on their high speed rail for a month without any need for domestic flights. It really is fantastic
Incredible!
Joining north and south.. what a joke... It stops at Leeds you barely have your foot in the door.
Seems to be a never ending cycle of nimbyism. Constantly making the project make concession after concession and continuing to cry and wail, then point to the fact that they made the project more expensive as a reason to stop it, rinse and repeat.
Thank you so much b1m, I always thought my home state of California had issues with our high-speed rail but I did not know others around the world ( UK for example) also is experiencing difficulties as well.
HS2 is not to spread wealth north, it's purpose is to make it easier for people to get to London to go to work thus pushing up the prices of houses along the route making housing less affordable to the original locals.
multy generational  projects or granddad mad our road let make out kids trains
No mention on B1M or any news service in UK on how much will the tickets be.
Wrong in Malaysia when public money is involved our corrupt politicians collect billions and put scrutiny under a chop OSA Official Secrets Act.
This is all being built while Avanti can't even manage to get enough staff to drive their trains on the route above it (London to Manchester). Trains being cancelled constantly since 2020. Hmmmm.
Bloody terrific film, great to see longer studies from the B1M every now and then!
Great video, thanks !  If anyone wishes to know how it's done, go and take a look at China's approved plan to eliminate all national air travel and replace it with high-speed magnetic levitation trains.  I bet they will finish the project before any modern trains make it up to Scotland...
B1M never stops impressing with its thorough research and production quality.  LOVE the longer format!
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN GOVERNMENTS GET ADDICTED TO AND THINK THEY CAN GET AWAY WITH " CHINESE FORMS OF GOVERNANCE " AND TREATING THE PEOPLE LIKE COMMIE CHINESE! 😑
The fact is there have been far too many national resources invested at this point to cancel the project. The project will be completed in a scaled-back version. Also if those in the north want to send a strong message, they have to disrupt the system and elect new leadership that will champion their region rather than perpetually playing second fiddle to London.
Government approves a massive project that serves the intersts of a comparatively few. Projects that would benefit millions; such as nuclear power stations, fracking, tidal energy (shelved because of concerns for migratory wading birds) reservoirs and sewage treatment works are either scrapped completely or left to greedy commercial interests. What a shambles. The mouthpieces rolled out to support the project simply tell us they are getting on with something Government has left them with. Not me guv!
Large-scale transit projects are always a problem. Politicians love announcing them as they are extremely popular, and offer transformative improvements, however their construction times are longer than the usual political horizon - a decade or more, long after the original set of politicians are out. Then there's budgets. These projects never stay in-budget. It's as if the original budgets are just there to sell the project with the expectation that there will be monumental cost-overruns. This is a problem kicked down the road to the next government who are stuck with the albatross and have to make a tough decision - cancel it and stop the hemorrhaging, or double-down and see it through. The former basically makes all that effort, time, and money a total waste, the latter means more costly overruns and years more of construction. I'm not saying we shouldn't do these projects, quite the contrary, I believe they MUST be done. They are just hilariously difficult to realize.  Over here in Ontario, Canada, public transit projects are a bit of a running joke. One politician will promise one, break ground, then the next one cancels it leading to nothing. It's to the point where a promised public transit project is just considered vaporware from the outset, there to get votes, then promptly forgotten about after they've got or retained their seat.
Fantastic video, finally someone that speaks eloquently and intellectually, Btw you’re jacked
We need it to relieve property demand in the south.
I think it is going to be a good thing. Ants did it long before us and look how they turned out. Also I think its important for the same people that are against it should have to give a better alterative that can help society. Its easy for a under thinker to just say no to something but some one that actually put a lot of thought into it can actually help. Planning for the future takes a lot of overthinking.
LOVING these longer-form pieces. Thank you! Keep up the good work.
Economic benefits, being able to live in more affordable housing and commute to jobs in the major cities, and creating more capacity for getting between cities are all major factors in justifying California's high speed rail line between Los Angeles and San Francisco. LA to SF is the second busiest flight in the US, with over 35,000 flights in 2019, and California's population is projected to keep growing to 45 million people by 2050. There are many reasons why California needs a high speed rail line connecting its two major population centers, the LA Basin and SF Bay Area, via its fastest growing region in the Central Valley. Those reasons don't seem to take away from the fact that the project is over a decade behind schedule and currently projected to cost nearly three times its original budget ($93 billion is CAHSR's latest base cost estimate for SF-LA/Anaheim, while $113 billion is the high end estimate, according to CAHSR's 2022 Business Plan), which only fuels the opposition and their endless barrage of negativity towards it, regardless of the physical and other progress it continues to make.   The Tokaido Shinkansen between Tokyo and Osaka was namely built not necessarily for faster speed, but to ease congestion on the busy Tokaido Main Line which was reaching capacity. Even to this day the Shinkansen's success is its ability to move large amounts of people quickly and efficiently, and also safely. During it's nearly 60 years in operation it's carried over 10 billion passengers without a single operations-related fatality. It's easily one of the most successful high speed rail lines ever built, and kickstarted the high speed rail revolution that has swept the world. It too ran over budget and faced staunch opposition.   Projects like HS2 and CAHSR show just how challenging it is nowadays to build the kinds of large-scale infrastructure that was so transformative in the 19th and 20th centuries. China would seem to be proving the opposite, quickly leaving the rest of the world behind as it continuously accelerates to build more highways and high speed rail lines, though it doesn't have as many rules and regulations that projects in other parts of the world like Europe and the US have to deal with. The challenges though shouldn't detract from how beneficial such projects can be, maybe not for the current generation building them but for the ones that follow.   Think of it like planting trees: you may never see them grow up but their shade and possible fruit will benefit those that come after you. Like the projects of long ago, we need to look toward tomorrow, not just today, and consider what kind of world we want to leave behind for our descendants.
I wonder how they earn the invested cost back (Return on Investment, ROI)?  By selling tickets and goods? Or developing real estate? Even doing both, they still cannot fill the financial hole.
Here's the part I don't understand what these projects why do they keep increasing every year yes Commodities do go up in price but dang do they have to do that with project this big.
"Environmental concerns" over a project that would remove hundreds of thousands of automobile trips across England are made in bad-faith.
Sounds a lot like California high speed rail, similar costs and all - except phase one of the HS2 makes a lot more sense than CHSR
WHY COULDN'T THEY REPLANT THE AREAS OF RAIL THAT BECOME OBSOLETE AFTER THE NEW RAIL LINE....? JUST A THOUGHT ON PLEASEING THE TREE HUGGERS HAHA 😎💪👍👌😆❣️
My only proble with HS2 about 3 fold increase in cost is it is going to take soooooo long to complete, and that doesn't include connecting Cardiff, Swansea and Edinburough
37 min time cut 🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️ disgusting waste of money, billions pounds per minute
Nice video ! Though, I'll only say one thing : I haven't seen  a SINGLE HSR project that didn't destroy its initial budget. France, Japan and Germany, which are generally considered leaders in the field, all of them had (and still have !) issues building HSR. Every single construction project in general is expensive and 99% of them go over budget. It's a real issue that I have no idea how to tackle, but it's "normal".
Love that brown shirt your wearing at the computer bro, nice! 💪👍👌
Trouble is as someone tup north - by all account it wont effect us due to how crap the current rail is up here.
Love this style of videos
Great video. As for HS2, an abysmal waste of public money. Other countries could build this in half the time and cost. In the UK, much of this money will find its way into the hands of already wealthy friends and family of government ministers.
24 hectares of lost trees? Talk about high environmental standards, that's almost nothing at this scale
I always prefer the impacts of a rail line over the footprint of a highway of similar capacity!
I think this is the best vid you have done to date.  Very informative and opinions and facts from both sides.  Good job,  keep it up.
Hello Fred. I enjoyed your long form video. I'm following the podcast as well. Well Done. Yes, the train has left the station, in the end, those who loose, loose big. Hopefully in some capacity, everyone will get a piece of the pie, and not be left behind in moving the country forwards, right? We have our own struggles with government and infrastructure projects in Canada as well. The UK is not alone in this situation.
I'm surprised that a high speed line between London and the big cities in the North (at least Birmingham and Manchester) working as a spinal cord for the country doesn't reach a large consensus, it's not like if it needed a star like France or Spain.
I personally think the amount we are spending on HS2 is a scandal and a disgrace . £100Bn+ to save a few minutes on a train journey - who are we kidding. If we genuinely have that much money to throw around ( which in the current economic circumstances I don't believe ) then the country would see far more benefit from having 10 £10Bn projects distributed across the country or 25 £4Bn projects. Not a  bloody rail line ! The country is cryng out for investment in electricty generation and storage , improving domestic insulation levels , industrial regeneration, waste recycling, food independence , defence spending ( you only need look at the world to see why that is needed ) etc etc . All , or or indeed any , of these would make more sense to be investing in than an improvement to a railway line..
HS2 among other major spending plans in the UK has led to the biggest inflation rate hikes for a century! This isn’t a circular economy, and the money certainly won’t come back round to the very people it was meant to help. The poor get poorer, and the rich make massive gains. Where exactly is the levelling up?
With how train prices are now. It will cost an arm and a leg just to get to Manchester when it opens.
The UK does not have a capacity problem. Only on WCML south of Milton Keynes at peak times is there any problem.
How is an electric railway that will get people out of cars worse overall for the planet when reducing greenhouse gasses is so crucial? Especially when the project is so careful about woodlands and carbon neutrality?   It feels like a straw-man for people who are actually against it for monetary/ tax reasons and not actually caring THAT much about the environment. New roads and motorways get built and maintained at enormous costs and damage to the planet.
Did he really need a hi-vis suit, hard hat, safety glasses, and gloves just to stand next to a construction zone at 4:05?
The biggest waste of public money ever. And for a faster train from Brum to London ( 10 minutes , not 37 ) .  Remember HMG , it's easy to spend somebody else's money.
great video , we get this all the time look what happened with the channel tunnel we had same arguments for and against it . That has now gone and is a success .
I regularly travel to Birmingham from the capital and am wholeheartedly looking forward to the increased capacity HS2 will bring. A point too often missed by people rambling about how no one needs to get to Birmingham faster.
The existing mainlines, with upgrading can do the same as HS2. It now, for a horrendous amount of money, serves directly only *three* cities.   Train technology has overtaken HS2. It is 50 year old French technology.   The UK is desperately short of water reservoirs, yet billions are spent on an unneeded railway. Third world mentality.
Yeah! 🙌 more debt for UK citizens 👏
Random comment for channel interaction.
Dear UK, just stop whyning and finish the project!
Sadly there is a fundamental flaw with HS2. It is a high speed link to Birmingham but then everything north seems to be an add-on to gain support outside the SE. The routes aren't straight often using existing track bed which isn't straight and removes local capacity. Using the TGV network which runs (mostly) on dedicated track between widely separated cities is a breeze and much easier than flying. What will happen is that people working in London will commute much further driving up house prices beyond the point of affordability for those in local employment.
Indonesia ??
Good content, but why don't you use metric speed units?
Brilliant video! Tv worthy!
In the UK, even the Conservative party supports building high speed rail with tax money while in the US, even progressives are reluctant to even spend money on bus service
Next the Manchester part of HS2 will be cut
This looks great but no good for us in the North where we won't feel the impact, only the people in Manchester. The other issue with rail in this country is it is far far too expensive!! It is cheaper to drive to London from Lancashire, then to get the train. That's the issue that needs sorting
100 Billion you can treble that...  but who cares its only Paper Money.
Wow, this video was incredible on so many levels. Insanely detailed, giving tons of insight into a super interesting project; the editing is incredible and the info graphics are superb. Fantastic job B1M team, this was just an amazing video!
Or £50 per head per year for 20 years. So less than a Prime subscription.
Please don't take public spending and divide it by the population, claiming that's what the average person pays. It's extremely disingenuous. It ignores both people not paying taxes and also corporations and the wealthy who are paying more than that.  The poor are probably paying nothing at all. If the funding is handled appropriately money should be moving from the top to a public utility.
But what's a ticket gonna cost?
Boris talking, that voice sounds like the human version of constipation "We,,,are,,,uh,,, going,,,,to,,,,get this,,,,,,,done!". LOL
The UK sucks at infrastructure though
This is proof of why to ignore people. You scale back plans to please people, then they switch gears and use the lack of scale as reason not to support instead. Governments should have the balls to commit to projects fully and use objective assessments instead of public opinion to change course.
It just gnaws a bit that my taxes will go on something, that when complete, I may not be here to enjoy.
The Vogons want their hyperspace bypass lol
I thought China was bankrolling HS2.
The problem (in my mind) will always be the cost to use it. No matter how much we want to remove the carbon of cars they still remain cheaper to use. Case in point: 3 hour drive to Nottingham from the South East cost £64 in fuel with a friend in the car. Same train journey: £220. High Speed trains also cost more so it would be even more unattractive.
What a video!!!! ❤❤
It's feels awkward to use train 🚂 in 21st century, kinda outdated like steam boat through ocean, not counting discomfort of trains in total, price high, time longer than cheapest airplane.
The problem with anything built by government is that the government gets more money by failing than by success. People do what there are incentives to do.
Lol, did you clip that drone shot over Old Oak Common from one of my videos? No worries if you did, was just surprised to see it!
11:30 **literal sheep noises** What the fuck😂😂😂
Shocked to hear that only 7% of British people strongly support HS2.  That equates to just over half the population of London.
Please, use metric units too
Big public funded projects, HS2, power stations, submarines etc. should have their estimates quadrupled - at least.
absolutely horrendous .. money that is desperately need elsewhere  , our country is not large enough for high speed rail .. i can get to glasgow from london in 4 and a half hours .. that's nothing .. waste of money .. in a country that is in dire straights as it is
When it is opened, all of the opponents from now will be in the trains, as it is cool to travel on fast trains. Let's bet.
Be interesting to know how many people work from home since covid & no longer need to use the train.
The north and south divide should be called the North and London/ South east divide. You'll struggle to find any level of investment in the south and south west
the thing is you say it will only benefit a few but thats the direct impact. it will indirectly make other trains faster by reducing the stops and starts on lines it is reducing traffic from and it it does get to manchester and nottingham it will allow them to become travel hubs for the nation
This is just brilliant Fred. Congratulations.
Mass transportation especially clean energy transports is the way to go...
Every project varies in budget as it goes through subsequent stages, HS2 is no different.
26:58 thing is that olkiluoto 3 yeah its late and big time and over budget but most of the expenses of the budget rise is not paid by finnish taxpayers. And for investors the estimated time of paying back the constructing is only 5 years 7 months with average energy prices, and nuclear plants are gonna be used for decades.   Today it's on testing phase with 60% power and making 10% of all the electricity we use here.
Why is there no hs1-hs2 connection planned? I'm stunned that this much money is being spent with the only way onwards towards the south and France being a walk or tube ride through London.
You need a show on the BBC! This was better than some BBC documentaries!  It’s a lot of money but people think short term. It’s going to be in place for centuries and will see us through the next 100 years.  A billion a year for an economy like the UK isn’t that extreme.
Much of the environmental concerns of HS2 go out the window when you consider it’s effects on climate change
What a waste of money. You'd think that it would be fast lol
Interesting video.  How do you get access to the people and sites?  It's impressive!
Cardiff only a major city when it suits our oppresors
If you can guarentee no strikes, working interuptions or pandemics, rail system is the way to go.But who wants to ride around with a bunch of contagious, disease.I think an electric private car economy is the best.
FANTASTIC VIDEO AGAIN B1M, MY BUILDING FEELZIE HAIRS ARE STANDING ON END BRO 🔥😎👌 HAHAHA.
I suspect a future government will launch a phase 3, re-adding the cut parts
This video was so damn good that I almost forgot I was watching a YouTube video. This is at the same level of quality as a BBC or Discovery Channel documentary. Your narration is on the same level as Sir David Attenborough. Keep up the amazing content production, can't wait for the next one bruv!
Building a country's own infrastructure is far better than spending the same for war in another country. So British taxpayers have nothing to worry. Their money is just being spent on them.
As an American my understanding of British trains begins and ends with Thomas the Tank engine, but it's nice to see that everywhere in the world government bureaucracy and overruns Reigns supreme. Excellent video, very informative to an outside audience like myself.
I'm wondering how accessible the train tickets will be once HS2 is finished. I already find current train prices to be a bit too expensive, expecially at times you need to use them. There's no point building it if no one can use it.  On a second point, since London is pretty much the only place in the UK growing, i can imagine more of the UKs wealth and prosperity moving into London rather than outwards. I wonder if there are any studies on this.
Projects like these need to happen in my opinion. The gap in wealth and opportunities between London and the south east and everywhere else in the country is shameful for a country as rich as the UK. Almost all major projects accepted by the government have been in the interest of the richer south and often neglects the needs of the north. It is good that this project if finally getting the all clear and I hope that it gets completed to hopefully begin giving the millions in the north a more compatible quality of life as the south and the capital. Thanks for making the video though, HS2 has interested me for many years and it's good to have a proper engineering and construction channel explain through it properly.
All this talk about HS2... where's HS1?
"Environmentalists": "Oh no don't cut down these handful of neat-looking trees that's been around for 400 years!"  Also "environmentalists": "Don't build this high speed rail that will reduce carbon emissions on a massive scale"
100 billion and they will deliver 150 miles of track. Do the math it's mostly a fraud operation with a railway as cover story.
MAN I HOPE THEY FOLLOW THROUGH BRO!!! THESE THINGS HAVE A HABIT OF PISSING OFF THE NEIGHBOURS HAHA 😊🙂🙏👍👌😎❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Mind blowing video recorded by B1M
The money/budget argument doesn't fly with me. The Treasury is paying for this; they'll find the money for it regardless of how much it costs. Transport and infrastructure are public services, the cost of the service to me is second to delivering that service.
It will only make sense if the price of the tickets are low enough to fill all the seats .. consistently
To a large degree, upgrades to existing rail links and some track straightening would have likely been a more cost effective strategy compared to splurging on a completely new link. A few strategically placed viaducts to make trains able to go from one track over to another without having to occupy the tracks in between can likewise make massive overall capacity improvements for relatively low cost.  I however don't live in England so it isn't my budget.  But an example to look at is Stockholm, it has 4 train tracks on the south side, 4 on the north, but for a long time only had 2 tracks through the city itself, causing a major bottleneck for the whole network. The solution were to remove the regional trains and give them their own underground train line through town, both giving the commuter trains 2 new stations, but also removing their burden from the existing lines while also providing additional capacity for train traffic. As part of the project a viaduct were also constructed on the south side of town to help trains cross from one side of the tracks to the other. It were however still a massive project, but removed one fairly decent bottleneck from the overall network.  Likewise is Seden also working on a fair few other minor track upgrades that helps increase track speeds and capacity. This is both through making more double tracked rail, but also track straightening to increase speeds.  Now, even if one has double track already, there is nothing saying one can't work on getting a third track into place, or even a fourth if needed. It is also wise to minimize trains occupying/blocking tracks they won't run along. So making either underpasses/tunnels, or viaducts to help trains over to the other side of the tracks is a thing to consider.  For single track rail, a major improvement a lot of countries don't have is just dynamic passing loops. Make the passing loop long enough for the "waiting" train to remain at speed through the loop as the passing train goes past. This alone can shave off a fair few minutes from travel times.
keep going  england soon u will have  a fast good train ! 🚄 Love from China 🇨🇳♥️
Honestly an hs2 ticket is gonna cost more than 90% can afford. Will be great for bankers and salesmen, will be basically useless by the masses
How about you spend that money stopping stabbings, acid attacks and café bombings?
British and Canadian governments have a lot in common. Start a project with an estimated cost that continues to rise as said project is built.
100 billion pounds for that? What fucking economic growth are they talking about, sounds like a bunch of methane gas blowing out of their wrong hole.
Bro you have such a sweet job, I'm envious! Keep it up, love the content
In terms of politics, commitment to job creation and the progress so far this project cannot now give up - the impetus is there whether opinion is for or against.  As we are currently seeing with internal travel, especially in the UK, highways choked with cars and people missing flights would immediately be a thing of the past with high speed rail; currently UK rail cannot cope either. Flying is becoming hugely costly as the price of fuel escalates and both airlines themselves as well as the traffic footprint to get to airports makes a joke of retaining the current mode of getting about in the UK.
And then there are some Germans who taught the S21-project with 9-10 Billion € is expensive xD
Can you do one about the Ann Arbor to Traverse City commuter line and how it’s dividing Michigan
I get the people complaining about the compulsory purchase of their property kodwa those complaining about the 200 year old trees should come down.   They complain about delays that are actually their fault. It’s crazy.
My monkey brain thought this was about California’s HSR for the first minute. I guess that just speaks to how similar the issues that they face are, especially in regards to public approval and budget overruns.
One day = never
HS2 is shit. What a waste
"And some see their property plummet in value" Almost as if your property is an investment, and you only make money because you take a fucking risk.  This idea that investing in real estate, is some free money machine with guranteed returns, is the most cancerous bullshit Iv heard.  This is why we got the 2008 financial crash. This is why we gotta deal with house prices nowadays.
You know who else said massive fast rail project was a waste of money? The Japanese in the 60s when they decided to build the bullet train. Rail is excellent investment. Yes you spend the money, but the infrastructure stays there for a century. Plus, the money does not vanish. In this project, it pays directly and indirectly for hundreds of thousands of jobs. This is money that starts in the county and generates more economic activity.
The reason why governments can do these projects is simple - they are getting "their money" back - if they pay money to somebody based in UK, the worker will pay taxes and insurance, so already cost is "cut by third". He will spend the money in shops, so there are another taxes. Whoever gets these money will pay for other stuff and so on and so on.   Even if they are buying material - the company needs to produce it (i.e. pay people to produce it), ship it (i.e. get somebody to move it) etc.  So basically these projects are just different form of government support to people, just in different way - instead of handouts they are using those money to build massive infrastructure project.
Noone ever complains about a new highway. But anti-rail campains are getting a lot of money and attention. Wonder why
Should've built it 50 years ago.
HS2 … Great
"Carbon-free?" More than half of the UK's power is generated by fossil fuels and they're shuttering nuclear plants! I call "bull-crap."
Looking at shinkansen of Japan right now
High speed travel and low carbon. Sure.
England: finally we started the 230km length HS1 in 2021 China: hahaha we already have more than 10000km
*cough*, Britain should fix its conventional rail *cough*
I'm from Sheffield and absolutely gutted that our own people and council shot themselves in the foot and missed out on a dedicated HS2 line and station. The original plan was for HS2 to go to Meadowhall and then on to Leeds. But the snobs in Dore & Totley didn't like the idea of the station being so far away and campaigned for the HS2 station to be in the city centre and put pressure on the council to make it so. Sheffield city council bent over to the Dore mob and lobbied for a city centre station, Eventually government said 'yeah, that's not going to work, we'll bypass Sheffield completely now'. The council and the snobs need to hang their heads in shame. Would've brought so much money into the area and the poor east end of Sheff. Absolute fools.
Is 34 football pitches bad? That sounds ridiculously low lmao, if that doesn't make them happy nothing will so who cares.
High speed railway projects are extremely harmful for the environment and people. And never carbon emissions free.
I think that I fall in a very unique position in that I simultaneously support large scale public transportation infrastructure upgrades and oppose HS2. I think that when a project like this is started it should be state of the art at the time it is built. HS2 if it existed today wouldn't be state of the art and could really do with upgrading but it wont be finished for many years. by the time it is built it will definitely need upgrading. They should have gone with a wider gauge and fitted the infrastructure  necessary to support the fastest trains currently available. Instead we will have a project in 10 years time that we should have had 10 years ago. Given the immense amount of planning and money that has gone into the project they really should have gone all out in my opinion.
Meanwhile, at the new major high speed rail project in the United States... [~ crickets ~]
A very informative and well balanced video. Nice one!
Now the Leeds leg is cancelled I struggle to see it's worth anymore - beyond protecting the London bubble by extending its commuter belt.   Having said that it would be a sad position to be in if we've recessed to a point where we just give up on big infrastructure projects.
100 billion in a country of 50 million, that's just £2000 per person, I'd easily pay that for all the benefits this would bring  Also the impact on the environment seems minimal, I don't know what the fuzz is about? And the millions of car and flight trips this will replace will be really good for the environment.
I dont care more about a tree because its been there since Elizabeth the 1st 🥴
Not as expensive as the California high speed rail, if it actually connected SF to LA like it was supposed to. So far it's $30 billion to connect Merced to Bakersfield, which is totally pointless.
This is the B1M video i didn't even realise I was waiting for, thank you
Sure the budget is large, but the whole project including the ne now cancelled eastern leg is less then a year of what we spend for the NHS. Not that much then in terms of government spending?
Birmingham isn't even the North. It's the middle lands
Imagine being concerned for the environment and caring more about 35 football fields than all the co2 that could be saved.
He is so fine <3
So a project meant to benefit the north now connects London to Birmingham. Makes sense
HS2 LMAO
So, Germany is not the only country that sucks at public infrastructure projects. Noted.
Just another politician’s vanity project.
The government keep watering this thing down to the point of it being almost useless, then in 10 years time we'll realise we need something that does what it was originally supposed to do, then spend tens more billions. Got to love British infrastructure planning.  Also, people who whine about it being a waste of "tax payers money" need to learn what capital expenditure is.
I think one of the key differences between this and high speed rain in other countries is that in this case the public are funding the massively expensive infrastructure part but it is private train companies that will bleed the public dry with ticket prices essentially gifted a new monopoly.
Loving the longer format 😉👍
The main flaw with the London to Birmingham section is the existence of the Chiltern main line which isn't electrified and if electrified would also benefit the towns along that line and allows for interconnections with existing electrified lines
All the people who complain that the UK doesn’t need HSR are those who are wealthy enough to not use it. Same thing is happening in California & the same thing originally happened in Japan with the Shinkansen. Those who oppose it are the rich & wealthy who will never EVER even use it. The public masses who actually benefit from HSR almost unanimously approve of it
Interesting video. I like the in-depth look at the project and how you granted time to each individual issue. There really is a lot to digest. It reminds me of a promised rail project in my neck of the woods that passed with overwhelming public support but materialized as a dilapidated bus line instead. First: make promises, second: take money, third: raise costs, and finally: underdeliver.   It's always someone else's fault, lest you take blame and lose office.
its fine investing in things but when it takes so long to build you think whats the point. time they finish it in 2041 it will be outdated and we wont need it, i need high speed rail for work now not in 20 years when im retired.  china knock things out in about 2 years this country is so slow at everything, most countries have had high speed rail for years ie japan france spain
For that much money that is not a lot of tracks. For that amount of money they could build a Maglev networks. Those trains do not require such a straight track.
Great and interesting video because of the research and background information. I've heard a lot about HS2 and now I can see the project and the scale of it. It's interesting to have a deeper look into the project and the project's history. I get the idea that the cost is just too high for the amount of economic benefit. I think it's become a prestige project instead of purely researched project. The fact the northern parts are partly cancelled or dismissed make the project miss its initial goal. So what's the goal now then?
What I think some people don't realize is that those 100bn or whatever price tag it will have at the end does not vanish. I assume mostly British companies are involved and workers all through the nation are paid with these funds. This has a huge beneficial impact on jobs and a struggling economy. So in the end most of that money stays withing the British ecosystems and is spent within the economy.
Don’t worry about how long this project will take to finish. It took almost 15 years to make a metro line here in Amsterdam which is a 10km line.
You can always multiply initial estimates of cost by 4 to 10 when evaluating them. Usually, these things prove worthy no matter what they cost.
There are plenty of potential infrastructure projects around the country that would be cheaper and bring more benefit to people other than those who wish to travel between Euston and Curzon Street (want to travel beyond there? Get off the high speed train, catch a tram to New Street, then find another train!). No good going the other way to get a Eurostar. It needs a taxi ride from Euston to St . Pancras. Better to fly.  The Ely Area Capacity Enhancement has been put on hold- this would have benefited both passenger trains and the freight trains from Felixstowe. The East-West line has already been shorn of electrification and Grant Shapps has proposed truncating the route. Those are just two examples of cuts to feed the ever growing budget for this white elephant. Note also the homes demolished for this project- Isn't there supposed to be a housing shortage?   This project does not aid Wales, the West Country, East Anglia, the South, the North or Scotland, And may not even benefit the business market due to the increase in teleconferencing and working from home. The leisure market? Let's go for a thrilling day out in Curzon Street! Westminster likes its expensive prestige projects, like the Millennium Dome- what a success that was.
Thanks!
The people responsible for the orginal quote should be proded with pointy sticks until it's finish and made to pay the difference. They didn't do due dilligence
Top video... Things that get forgotten a bit... London and the South East commuter belt has arguably around 20 million people to move around - that's *one third* of the total UK population a lot of congestion on roads without a big rail network. Londoners also pay a lot - unlike many countries, commuter rail isn't really subsidised in the south east (eg my old 20 minute commute from St Albans was nearly £4,000!). London didn't always have a reliable network. In the 1990s it was falling apart, after a decade of poor investment. The Tube was in a mess. And London was losing business to other global hubs. Remember that the King's Cross fire was in 1987 - and that was partly due to old equipment and metro standards. I'm all for the North getting a lot, lot more transport investment, it's just not a simple 'one vs the other'. Also forgotten... Yes, HS2 created passenger capacity on very congestion routes, but it also *frees up* capacity on the old West Coast line for fast-growing cities like Milton Keynes, which can introduce new commuter services to London, etc. Costs for Crossrail became massively inflated as more and more consultancies piled in. The whole procurement and management process in the UK needs to be reviewed. And planning has to take into account the climate crisis, but we have to be balanced about road traffic vs greener transport and energy - the planning system has to catch up. In reality, a lot of the objections are NIMBYs fortunate to live in incredibly prosperous rural areas between London and Birmingham. The time lines are crazy. The whole new system, including HS3/Crossrail North / Northern Powerhouse Rail, needs to be completed in 15 years, alongside real time / location road charging, and a massive national segregated  cycling and walking network.
We have the same issues here in France with the high speed line between Toulouse and Bordeaux. Is it worth it? Imo yes
the benefits mentioned only really benefit London. Birmingham is going to see a talent drain and house prices increase when the connection is made.  the money would be better spent on regional transport projects.
Sounds like the contractors and politicians that did the planning were incompetent or corrupt and now the people actually .  So basically the same as every project.  Which will continue to happen forever until there are tangible consequences to these firms.  The people who did such a shit job made huge $$$ and just skipped along to the next boondoggle.
The thing that stops me using trains is the crazy prices they charge, Its much cheaper to drive! I guessing a ride on HS2 wont be cheap.
I think the only way the north of England would ever have gotten high speed rail would have been to make those parts phase 1.  Birmingham to London was already quick.
I wonder how tunneling from the likes of The Boring Company will disrupt these type of projects with low cost tunnels and electric cars instead of high cost rail systems.
F**k "The North". Electrify the Great Western Rail all the way down to Penzance, add a second line that wont get washed away every other year and at least upgrade the line south of Bristol so trains aren't capped below 80. But better than all that expand the track so it can take double decker trains.
All infrastructure projects fall behind on time and budget because the ones that correctly predict the timeline and budget don’t get approved because people know what the true cost is
Like any other country, the UK needs to upgrade to stay competitive with the rest of the world.   I fully appreciate that it must be heartbreaking for families to be uprooted unexpectedly. Thank you to you all for making a sacrifice for the common good of our country.   Having said that.. the UK mobile internet is awful compared to so many other (apparently less fortunate) countries around the world.   Perhaps that should be the government’s priority. It would undoubtedly have a bigger and fairer economic impact on the country.
Another excellent video, well done and thank you.
Another fantastic video...thanks.
it is kinda stupid that HS2 will have no connection with HS1.  This means there will be no direct connections from Birmingham to the Continent. missed opportunity
If Labour and the Tories both agree on an issue, nobody gets any choice.
4 hectares of "nature" being struck down is absolutely nothing, people crying over this for environmental reasons are out of their minds
The idea is cool, but weighing the opportunity costs, its just not worth it.
Hello from Norfolk. Can we have some rail funding, please? Thanks
Some people in the south-west of France are criticizing the plan for a 200km long high-speed line between Bordeaux and Toulouse over the pretext that we will need to cut trees along the way. At the same time, most of the same opponents to the project seem to ignore that 19000km of new road infrastructure was built in France alone between 2014 and 2019... Stay strong HS2!
I don’t comment on videos like ever, but this channel is amazing. I haven’t seen this video yet but I’m excited for this longer content!
I bet they'll still manage to price average plebs out of it :P
I have a slight deja vu, I remember when the Eurotunnel was built. It was only defended by politicians, the costs skyrocketed to cosmic levels, time stretched out to infinity... yes, it was exactly like this. Imagine that all the passenger and freight traffic that passes through the tunnel today did so by plane or ship... Surely it was a bad investment?
Chines can demolished anything
they can't find staff to run the trains they have now :)) there are more cancellations then actual trains running
How on Earth do you underestimate a budget for a project like this by a factor of three? By not taking into account NIMBYs with property values to whimper about and ideologically motivated eco-pacifists who would prefer to reduce our species and it's carbon footprint out of existence. The single most asinine thing the UK government could now do, is cancel the whole project, dumping all of their investment down the drain.
Seems to me they started at the wrong end first, makes sense why people are upset, do things peace by peace, not all at once, seems obvious.
£106bn. Thank-you NIMBYs.
Great informative video. I can’t believe that for £100bn, they’re not rebuilding the Crewe - Liverpool Lime St track to serve a metropolitan area of over 2 million people. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Very good information video about HS2! This looks similar to the German Stuttgart-Ulm highspeed project where the new HS line runs through long sections of tunnel under the Swabian Alps with new stations at Stuttgart airport and the highly controversial new Stuttgart underground main station (Stuttgart 21). Time will be halved from an hour to half an hour. Past pandemic train travel in Germany has soared in 2022 and Deutsche Bahn claims their trains run on renewable energy, so this is an investment into attractive, climate friendly travel. But 44b for HS2 phase 1 is truly mindboggling. The German project is currently estimated at 14b€ with the majority of 10b going into Stuttgart 21 to complete. Trains will start using part of the new line from December.
You give grandiose statements like 'bringing a country closer together'. But it isn't doing that. Nor was it ever intended to. It runs from london to fucking birmingham. Its just More londoncentric shite from the london centric governments that have run this country into the ground. It doesn't span 'britain' liked you stated. It barely spans fucking england. And the part of england it does span happens to be the one of the richest parts. What a waste of fucking money.
This was one of my favourite videos in a while 🙌
Great video. HS2 is a massive failure. I'd rather have it unfinished than having to pay more money on a train from London to Birmingham than what it costs me in fuel. I paid for it in a way and they didn't deliver
How come they haven’t employed the incredible Boring Company? Hmmm wonder why 🤔
14:22 You are being too delicate. The line should read "To benefit millions, a minority are forced to sacrifice their homes and/or livelihoods."  In a world where minorities are constantly protected this seems like an odd exception.
This is why I hate rail. Coming to you from Texas here.
Why not add more train lines to the existing route? Sure you'd have to build a whole bunch of new bridges, but it'd still be cheaper.  Also fix sections in the existing lines that cause slowdowns, upgrade train signaling etc.
its not that expensive its about 200 seconds of nhs spending
from experience the UK has the exact same population at 1/4 the landmass of where I'm from and yes therefore from an engineering perspective you all need it because we don't have high speed rail networks and we would love them
Based on my experience working on there, they need an injection of experience into the site teams - it’s like a crèche in there and nobody knows what a gridline is!
there´s a documentary on discovery max called "mega-infraestructures in Spain", i didnt know what marvels we have down here, over 1000 dams, astonishing power systems, high speed trains, first class highways. We tend to be overwhelmed by the Germans and the Brits, but we have some first class engineers here
Having a bunch of nay-sayers is the problem.  You have to build it like the Chinese.  “This is the most logical route, this is where the train is going, don’t like it?, too damned bad, get out of the way”.
“Were in the climate emergency we need to be doing sustainable creation not destroying the country” High speed rail takes thousands of planes out of the air and millions of cars off the road and replaces them with 100% electric vehicles that dont need any sketchy batteries either. This is literally one of the bigggest steps from the playbook on how to be sustainable.
why cant this guy pronounce the letter "L" at the end of a word is it in his alphabet? anyhoot glad some modern country is doing high-speed rail. in the USA it is just about cars and the oil lobbyists are powerful.
Great work!
I'm a little disappointed. This video seemed very political/biased compared to your other videos.
A lot of people don't seem to realise that this is only cutting travel times between London and Birmingham by HALF AN HOUR. There are already loads of fast trains between the two cities. The truth is that it's a poor attempt to turn Birmingham into a cheap commuter town for London workers.  That's before we even get onto the ticket prices
HS2 makes sense on paper but that money could be much better invested upgrading the entire railway.
Another fantastic video Fred.  I have been a subscriber since the very beginning and have been amazed by how quickly the quality and depth of the videos has improved.  As someone who lives in Leeds, it was great to see Leeds feuture so much in your video, Leeds truly is a great city.  It is a fact often quoted in Leeds that Leeds is the largest city in Europe without an integrated travel system.  No trams, to extensive rail or underground for a city region of 1.4 million people!  If London really was building HS2 to level up the North, wouldn’t you start building it in the north first?  Or start building from both ends and meet in the middle?  There has been bitter disappointment here, and resignation, that HS2 won’t really reach or benefit Leeds or Yorkshire.  What’s really needed is a fast railway line that links Leeds with Manchester - the two biggest cities in the North.  Atm, it takes well over an hour by train to get to Manchester  and it is really expensive, infrequent and often cancelled in winter if it snows.  What about Liverpool and Newcastle and up to Scotland? I think ultimately people up here will feel more left behind than levelled-up and it will take generations longer before there is true equality between the North and South/London.
Well done!  I did not realize how complex this type project was.  But I do wonder why I have not seen a direct comparison between the high-speed rail and normal rail.  I looked this up and found; "High-speed trains can generally reach 300–350 km/h (190–220 mph). On mixed-use HSR lines, passenger train service can attain peak speeds of 200–250 km/h (120–160 mph). From what I read, the tracks and the engines are significantly different, with high-speed more expensive.  The question is why, in a small country like England, would they not consider an upgrade to the existing system - but at normal speeds.  Does saving an hour or two of travel time justify the cost difference? I wonder how many billions would be saved if this were not a high-speed project?
The presen'er's glo''al stop is very annoying. Learn to speak properly son.
Did people working from home during the pandemic change the attitude towards this project? In the US a lot of people now question the sense of a long commute. I know you touched on that with your most recent NYC video, but is it the same in the UK?
I love £100 billion of additional funds going to the 13% of the population that already has the best public transport servings of the UK. fuck london.
every hs2 site i drive past is the same, all brand new gear with tens of folk stood around watching a digger. the waste and hubris involved in this project is staggering. the money wasted on signs alone kissing the own arses is huge. just another example of a small number creaming the taxpayers blind. i work in construction and the public sector is just a joke to anyone working in it.
I can only imagine the cost of a ticket since the UK already has the highest train fares compared to Europe.
Watching this makes me think a 16 lane superhighway with a speed limit of 200 kph would be a tiny percentage of the cost with the same gains.
Last week I took a direct train from Harrogate in North Yorkshire to Kings Cross in London.  I set at a table seat and it was quiet, peaceful and comfortable.  The journey took just under three hours with only a few stops and the ticket only cost me £31 (£41 for the return ticket). I watched a movie on my laptop and checked a few emails then I arrived at my destination.  I see no reason why the country has to be gouged of a hundred billion pounds (likely far more) when most people will never use the HS2. I also don't see why hoses and natural areas have to be bulldozed just to shave ten minutes off a train ride to Birmingham and possibly Manchester and Leeds.  The Keynsian logic that spending money is good because it stimulates the economy has been proven to be a fallacy and it seems to me that the momentum for the project is the result of lip smacking construction companies and their cozy reltionship with politicians and planners.   Look up the phrase 'sunk cost fallacy' in the dictionary and there should be a clip of Boris Johnson saying 'with a hole the size of HS2, the only thing to do is keep digging'.  By the way, with cost overruns, HS2 is expected to cost close to 100 billion pounds.  Here's a little math for you.  £100 billion divided by the UK population of 70 million = £1,428 per UK citizen.  But as children can't pay then we should divide the cost of HS2 by the number of families.  £100 billion divided by 20 million families = £5,000 per family.  So the government is forcing every family in the UK to pony up five thousand pounds to pay for HS2. The vast majority of these UK families will never use or benefit from HS2 and HS2 will not service an area anywhere near where they live.  The government should not be forcing families in Cornwall, Wales, far north of England, Scotland and Northern Ireland to pay £5,000 for a train system that will help people in Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds.
All this time and money would be better spent on local rail and tram lines. All HS2 will do is drive London rents higher than they already are
Follow the money.
I know one land owner who had his business land taken closing the business and he had to fight to get the original compensation offered. He had to get the business opened elsewhere and had to cash out his retirement and mortgage his home to do it . The RR people full of bad faith.
The easiest and cheapest way to transfer economic growth from the south to the North would be to move parliament to Leeds or Manchester.
What a huge bloody waste of money that only benefits London Birmingham Manchester. Doesn't benefit anyone in the west country. Vanity product.
HS2 is a collosal waste of money and bad for the environment. It would be a lot better to build a dedicated freight railway line to take the freight trains from the WCML. You would have largely the same benefits at much reduced costs. Also, the North and Midlands would benefit much more from targeted small scale upgrades to their networks compared to this white elephant. Ultimately, building HS2 will still leave the regions in the Midlands and the North with a poor railway service, while a few places get a fast train to London.
Psshhh its looking like its going to cost close to 80 billion pounds that over 50% over budget, the California high speed rail is currently over 3x the initial cost estimate and still years away from completion so the price tag is likely to go up.
I wonder if they avoid talking about where the raw materials come from that generate the electrical energy…..natural gas and coal. If you think wind and solar are gonna power europes major energy needs, you have to think again  They tend to leave that out of “most sustainable” definition of what creates the electrical energy to power these “sustainable” infrastructure projects.
No projected ticket costs in the story? Not a good sign.
For the last time: Stuttgart21 is no rail project!
Travel from the North or Midlands to London is very expensive weather you catch a flight or go on the train (only cheap option is coach), I can go to a country in Europe cheaper than I can go to London, people would use a high speed train  but how much more expensive will it be than what we currently have? That's what I'm interested to know
China always used as a model of high-speed success and excellence. The problem is it caused about US$1.8 trillion in debt split almost evenly between the national level and the states with HS rail. Another problem is the operating loss of US$24 million a day.
A great piece of civilisation at work, England needs to do it. All said against it is understandable and true, but, once finished, the environmental impact will be relativ small, we see it at Hochmoselübergang at river Mosel and other such projects like Wilsecker Brücke every day.  And: Measures to benefit the environment for instance are 'at the softer side' of such projects - they can be steered or altered all the time. But them tunnels not.  And money? Not too much - Englands GDP is around 3.300 billion GBP per year - if we are now in the midst of a 30 year realisation time, we see that the costs for this project will be about 0.1% of 100 trillion english GDP over this period.  Obviously okay to have - and this spending keeps high skilled labour alive - and in brittain.(1, 2)  What the public should highly seek to have and maintain will be control of the future and current ticket prices then - they will make public use, or not.   If the public pays, the people need to benefit.  1 - Hopefully this nice, small, great island of europes will not drift too far away from the continent over time, it would be a pitty for all of us.  2 - The english as a great nation are able to do more than one project at a time.   This does not need proof, but funding and realizing most of the critics projects mentioned here 'instead' just in parallel could be the right answer, to all of them critics as well to attack the challanges of today. (A population growing older will make a lot of things harder to have and with potentialy less workforce at hand even more costly to have tomorrow. Even younger critics could see that projects done now, with a lot of boomers still working, would benefit them longer, at lower individual cost: I think it's high time to carry on.)
If most of the costs is for land acquisition, and tunnels, Then just upgrade to EDS tracks for not much more, and travel at 603km/h (375 in colonial slavery units) using SCMaglev.
Temporarily divisive I think. Once it's finished won't be long before we can't conceive being without it.
Always enjoy protesters of electrified HSR saying "we're in a climate emergency"
There are only 2 high-speed train lines that make a profit and they are in high population dense Japan. Tokyo alone has a population of 50% of the entire UK and the HS train lines serve 60 million in the corridors.
Please make a series of new infrastructure projects in India. ✌
This documentary was very well done and produced. I'd love it if you made a similar one on California HS or similar projects around the world. Maybe a retroactive look at the countries that completed such massive projects and their economic legacies?
Honestly, I can hardly think of any infrastructure projects of this scale that aren't controversial. There's a lot of money and time involved, and people get reasonably annoyed. Then the project's finished, and everyone eventually forgets about the controversy and enjoys the new infrastructure  The hardship is temporary, while the benefits are long-lasting. The Big Dig in Boston or the new LGA in New York are prime examples of this.
An English project. Its not reach Wales or Scotland. Can't reach North Ireland.
Imagine thinking 1000$ was in reasonable for a mega project like this
Love the new more critical approach.  Good job.
This is not something I will ever use from my point of view a ridiculous waste of money. But what I really don`t get is that if this does proceed why are mag-lev trains or something similar not being proposed.
Nice work on the video!  I'm sure this was a massive project.    I'm glad you included the California example.  As I was watching it, I kept thinking that everything that HS2 has hit, so has CAHSR.  It may be that projects on this scale just come with too many unknowable unknowns at the outset to be reliably forecasted.
We have to find a way to build infrastructure faster if we want any chance of surviving climate change. We need so much more than this
Let's finish it if you have already spent 50BN and demolished hundreds of houses, otherwise everyone will blame and curse you.😘
End of the video question: Do you ever feel like it sometimes isnt worth it... Mark T pauses then remembers:  HS2 chief executive Mark Thurston earned £622,700 last year, the project's annual report has revealed. In the 12 months to 31 March 2022, Thurston saw his basic salary return to close to where it was before the pandemic.  So the answer is... yes... it is worth it... for him...   I am for HS2, but let's be under no illusion that the cost is also due to firms making pretty hefty profits.
makes Victoria’s inrastruture problems look small.
Great video! This also shows the failure of a 2 party system, if both parties agree on something like HS2 for example then voters that disagree have no option to vote against the project other then not voting at all wich just means it is still happening, a system that allows multiple parties creates options for voters to express their ideals and preferences in a better way. A 2 party system just says 'you dont like it, suck it up'
Every major infrastructure project in the UK has been not wanted by the people mostly on the proposed route. However a generation on the same project is seen as indispensable
Love this longform content
Fascinating! Great analysis!
This has to be done.God wills it.
I honestly don't understand environmentalosts who are AGAINST the rail, this rail will SEVERELY save carbon emissions from cars and even already existing trains.
Love the longer video :)
Train infrastructure is never a bad idea
Broadcast quality reporting! Amazing work & thank you.
Every single railway that's been build here has been called a stupid idea, till is done, then they'll grudgingly admit that it might have some use. However no one will ever admit that that extra lane or tunnel fixed nothing in hindsight.
High speed railway is almost like the aqueducts built by the Romans. At first you can’t even see the potential benefits but in the long term it’s a powerhouse of development and collateral growth/strive. Yes it’s expensive, yes it takes a lot of time, resources and land but the alternatives are so much damn worse. The only sustainable and viable alternative solution is to go live back in to the caves like hunter gatherers. Status quo isn’t possible anymore.
HS2 is a total waste of money .
225 mph are about 360 kph for everyone not versed in her majesty's system of measurements.
I'm definitely not the type of person who advocates for high speed rail everywhere and insists that it will replace planes in the future, but how is it even a question whether a high speed train through one of the densest, most economically active countries in Europe makes sense? Even if it's 10x over budget it will eventually amortize
As part of the many strategies for the environment and the future of transport in the UK. Use of domestic air travel has to be replaced and rail is the main strategy for this, and must be affordable for all. The UK has an old rail network that does not suit high speed rail. So building a dedicated high speed network to provide national connections and using the existing network for regional connections makes sence to me.
This channel is really stepping up.
Well, at least they're doing it. Meanwhile in the US... Amtrak!!
Excellent !!!  Keep making these kinds of videos.   Aarre Peltomaa
Make sure it goes to Wales. Everybody wants to visit Wales.
One of the bigger complaints I hear about is people's property values dropping around construction sites. Do these folks not realize that will be temporary? That once the infrastructure is built and operational, that it will have the opposite effect and their property values will SKYROCKET!? I find people are incredibly short sighted these days, it's very hard to convince people to think into the future because everything in our world has gotten so "now.". Our news sources, Our dopamine hits from social media, everything is soo quick paced and immediate, it's hard for people to consider things further down the timeline.
Entertaining to watch these kind of videos when BM covers Chinese projects versus European/American ones. Zero domestic protests or challenges in China compared to there always being large groups of people protesting and challenging the project in Europe or America. Dictatorships vs Democratic countries and all, just interesting since they cover projects in China too.
As my project managing lecturer told me a Project never goes to plan in two things time frame and cost.
This is one of your best documentaries that I have seen.  Government projects (here in the U.S., at least) always go over budget by at least 20% from the starting figure, but once they get going, they can't stop because the money will then seem wasted, and either way, some taxpayers will never be happy.  To give a small example, a simple tower near my area started being built at the estimation of $800,000 and 16 months,  Four years and $6,000,0000 later, they put the unfinished project on indefinite delay.
Interesting that so many of the contributors and talking heads seem to equate "the North of England" with Leeds. I'm sure there used to be maps showing it ultimately going up to Glasgow, the Northeast and Edinburgh. Before they stopped it going to Leeds, they stopped it going to ask if those. Leeds is not the end of the North. It's barely the start of it.
Trains are too expensive to justify using for many people in the UK, I worry HS2 will not be affordable
YAYYYYYYYYYYYY
£2 Million a week this is costing us in Cymru and not an inch is being built here, and the economic benifits that we have been told it will bring us have been disproven.
I wonder... which infrastructure projects have met or reduced predicted costs? What can e learn from those projects? THAT would be an incredible video as well, Mr. Mills.
Great video. Great MEGA project with enormous challenges.
10:20 unlike many countries you have a house of Lords who are not elected and wield considerable power
Should just streamline tunnelling and tunnel the whole way though with that 100 billion budget… no one will get upset with land and forests getting taken.
Billions of pounds for 37 minutes is just ridiculous. Trains are fast enough already
Problem is uk construction industry especially in the railway industry is inefficient and just like a dodgy builder will want the most cash for the least work ….. happily being busy each day till the money runs out. Creating a few more Tory billionaires
Quality video like always!
It is always worth it to invest in infrastructure projects. True, you must try to budget correctly but in the long run the pros will always outweigh the cons for society as a whole. Individuals just get scared because they’re blinded to the possibilities. They often can’t see the forest for the trees. When building good sustainable infrastructure that will help millions and last generations, the answer is always yes!
Dear sir please do make vedio of Bangladesh's mega project
I don't think the Harry Potter island needs such an advanced rail line. It's too small and dainty.
Certaily helpful to lower down the high-foaming emotions in your country.
I think another euro tunnel from England to Ireland makes more sense it could be from Liverpool to Dublin with a link to Isle of man. Hs2 is more of the same. Something new and different that represents more freedom of movement for people, a new link just like the euro tunnel from England to France. It could be for vehicle drivers and trains.
I guarantee you that counting up the carbon footprint of this train is HUGE when they add in its footprint of construction itself, the construction footprint would be so big, you would need two or three hundred years of non upgraded use to make it equal to buses and automobiles.  When that is figured in, I would bet even air travel has a lower footprint.  These are such a scam.
california high speed rail has already exceeded $100b and the initial segment isn't even done and it won't be until 2029, which is what the deadline for the whole system was supposed to be
that 100b is not thrown in the sky never to be seen again. The money goes into the (british) economy for the most part. it should stimulate further private spending, create employment and raise further taxes.
It’s crazy to me how small the UK is
Nowadays to build a railway takes 30 years.
*Infrastructure needs to be looked at from a generational perspective, not from a human lifetime perspective.*  100 billion humans lived before us, 100 billion humans will live after us  San Francisco and LA have 30,000 flights between them a year and their high speed rail project could remove 5 million planes out of the sky and 100 million car trips over 3 generations  The cost of traffic deaths and pollution also add up when you’re talking about the potential offspring they could’ve produced over generations.  Suddenly, the cost of HSR isn’t per living taxpayer, it’s per survived persons and it’s usage over decades across multiple generations that becomes more important  If it lowers emissions by billions of tons over decades and saves hundreds of lives over generations, it’s worth it.
I think HS2 has gone abit off the rails. But in all seriousness it still has its place. However I would have liked to see the government make a solid promise to northern cities such as  Newcastle or Edinburgh, instead of just an off hand comment that they will benefit too, even if they broke that promise.
Thank you. Very interesting. With the Tories green lighting the project, it would be good to understand which Tory benefactors are getting preferential contracts bleeding the tax payer and accounting for the higher costs..PPE contracts ring a bell 🔔 Nationalise the railways and reinvest the long term savings to continue the original HS2 plan.
Environmental policies are making doing business and developing infrastructure impossible in Britain. We need to invest in high speed trains up and down the country. Imaging how much cheaper it would be without all of the environmental offsetting costs.
The only public input allowed for infrastructure projects should be a suggestion box.  A suggestion box which contains a shredder.
The main benefits of HS2, as sold to the nation were speed and capacity.  Firstly, I’m not sure your 45 mins Birmingham to London figure is correct, that was the original estimate wasn’t it? Which was subsequently corrected to 55 mins. That puts it a mere 17 mins quicker than the current quickest train. Also - the current quickest train from Birmingham goes from New st, which serves most of the Midlands region anyway, so it’s an interchange. Curzon St will not be an interchange and will add ~20 mins to a journey from say, Wolverhampton to London (using local lines then hs2).  Regarding capacity, those who regularly use other lines should expect more trains, but at the expense of speed, so I understand it. This means my regular train in to London will be more regular (perhaps 3 trains an hour), but less quick (by about 30mins), which will make it less commutable.  Throw in the sky rocketing cost, the environmental issues and the fact that Covid changed the way we work, there is simply no way HS2 can be justified - and I say that as a pro-rail person. The money would’ve much better spent improving local lines in the midlands and the north which when compared against London are terrible.
I think future cost forecasting models should factor in habitat and human interference while choosing a route. -10 for a local pub, -1 for each tree, -50 for waterways, -20 for need for tunnel, +30 for flat farmland etc etc,  prioritize choosing the least individual properties, this project and it's cost outcomes will be a good dataset to base predictions on.   When you hit a small town, how much economic value is actually lost? I hope economists are learning to factor in the 'stickyness' of local communities, where people don't just move to a better area because they have long term family and comfort connections to where they live, we can start to put a dollar value on the feeling of home. We're not homo economicus, which I think is more understood in the English country than is in the US (ie. UK keeps uneconomical farms going for aesthetics).  Paris went through this when they cut through whole neighbourhoods and built all those 7 story buildings, in those days it was easier to get away with but it almost failed, but we all benefit from it these days, in the long run this project will be worth it, once the people who are effected are long gone, I'm just worried those tunnels will take long term upkeep, I'd say better to do giant cuts so it lasts for 1000 years, also get some mega machines that can replant those giant tree's by scooping 10 tons of dirt around them, like a bigger version of those tree relocators we already have.  Also account for the eco hippies, you know they're going to come, hire them all to do tree planting, their desire not to work will overshadow their desire to protest.
they shredded so much f*cking countryside man 😢
To improve the transit time by simply 37 minutes faster??  This is a joke!..one of the reasons is reduced housing cost in the north...however whatever house cost saving will clawed back by the rail ticket costs of the projected commuters.
If you think the North has it rough with railways, try living anywhere west of Bristol. We get bugger all. Even our "new" local trains are 30yo...
Great documentary, but a bit dissapointed that you didn't include metric system
This will more than likely only benefit those who already have wealth. The average citizen will have to save up for a ticket, even though they're the ones paying for the construction and upkeep.
I bet train tickets after this is done will cost a disgusting amount more than they already are
Budget and time issues in these massive projects are unfortunate  , the projects are still worth continuing
How the hell can a study cost 100 million dollars?! No wonder these type of projects end up with ballooning budgets. The skeptic in me can’t help but wonder how many redundant positions earning 6 figure salary’s are involved.  Still it’s better then here in Canada, we don’t build anything unless it’s a highway.
Great episode
Like with any major infrastructure project, (on completion) the cost is soon forgotten but the benefits will endure.
built with our money, then will cost you a packet to ride on, why is it not free
North America could learn a thing or two from Europe with their amazing high-speed trains
"In a way, the people choose it"....er...well you might put it like that....in a way. Another great videos from B1M...
Public transportation is ALWAYS a good thing. Cars are always going to be more expensive and detrimental to all communities in the long run. These people who don't like the country side being broken a bit don't understand how much public transportation is good for the environment.
There cannot be a single person with experience of larger projects, that seriously believe that the initial budget made for a project would be somewhat right. The golden rule is the bigger the project, the more you will get it wrong! So this alone is just a sad truth, that predicting the cost is so difficult but also that not enough emphasis was put on this to start with. But with that said, I do think a project of this scale and with that broad support in parliament, is not bad. It can become insanely costly and demand many compromises, like the direct environmental impact, but thinking long term this is what has to be done!
Being a frequent traveler to Japan for business and tourism in the early to mid 2010s had completely changed my opinion on high speed rail. For distances of 600km and less, nothing comes close to high speed rail for convenience. I understand people's the resistance to change, conservation concerns (even though 24 hectares is miniscule), and it really does hugely impact an unfortunate minority. However, Tokyo-Osaka is somethin like 150km further than London-Manchester. To be able to arrive at the station 10 minutes before departure, get into a comfortable, quiet and spacious cabin, work on your computer and arrive a couple of hours later is a gamechanger. Once people experience this, I think many will immediately grasp the positives of having a national high speed rail network.
Holy Christ. What a video!
This isn't a new project. It is just the high speed channel rail link that was always supposed to be built and connected to the international interchange at St Pancras  per the 1980's and 90's plans- which got cancelled, and was then supposed to be the hope of WCRM - which got its budget slashed when it got to Rugby and again when it got to Crewe. Nothing new to see here, move along.
The extension to Leeds should not only be completed but loop around to Manchester so east-west journeys are possible. Circular trains can then be run between Birmingham, Leeds and Manchester and avoid London altogether. China runs services like this. They have loop line services running in a number of provinces now.
Great job, guys! What a wonderful and thorough feature. 🤘
2:12 this girl kinda stupid. Public transit is very sustainable lol and whta it destroys in nothing compared to above ground highways. Straight Clown
I love trains… hs2 ftw
Often forgotten is how slow the current line from Manchester to Birmingham is. Despite being much closer than London it takes over 90 mins compared to just over 2 hours to London. This will provide a much better service between England’s 2 biggest areas outside of London.
A wonderful video!
Really nice way to thread the needle of covering a huge project and the challenges that are faced. Asking good questions and getting a few sides of the story was a lot more enjoyable to watch than the usual way the media tends to "slam" things and get a little extreme.
Yay, the UK is joining the 20th century (yes I meant to say 20th...). I lived in the UK for 35 years, so most of my life, and time after time, it fell behind the rest of Europe... The London underground in the 80s and 90s was laughably behind other European capitals, more recently the crossrail project (when Paris has had the RER for decades), and now, the first high speed line is an unmitigated failure with rocketing budgets and endless delays... Isn't time the UK started looking at their European counterparts and see how it's done...? Well, at least you've got Brexit...
Then private companies will reap all the profits I suppose.
i see u in the allsaints shirt at the end there
The rail doesn't cost that much, but the politicians made it to be that expensive. Every time it's the politicians to screw up all the benefitial infrastructure projects.
They should have started building from the North and that would have forced them to get the entire thing done.
What is high-speed rail if not a way to connect mega cities. Is the future really people living in one mega city while working in the next one?
Quite bri'ish innit bruv?
WE2. (White elephant)
I am blown away with the new approach or flavour of this video, both visually and method wise. The graphics are so clever and flowing 👌 and the whole HS2 theorem is dealt with in such a diverse way in this video!
¡Gracias!
“Better connectivity between countries“ cancelled out by BREXIT.   It’s no longer possible to trust the Tories to make any policies that will be beneficial to the populace.
After watching the video, the question "How many more billions?" comes up. Well, if half the project is being spent on environmental growth and not economic growth, there's a problem. 42 billion for the tree-hugging protestors have been set aside for trees and marshland. Their simpleton mindset in their politics will hold up the progression and growth of the nation's people. In turn, causing significant setbacks and delays to appease people who do not care in the first place.   For example, look at the California rail project, an amazing idea crippled by the same people. You did a superb job on that one as well. The answer remains the same.
I’ve lived in Japan and now live in China and am utterly perplexed by anyone who opposes high-speed rail. It’s life-changing technology. Those protesters want slapping.
Solid reporting here. The different factors reported objectively. Makes it easier for the public to decide their priorities. Thank you, B1M!
Seeing the palaver around the Silvertown Road Tunnel recently and this video excites me if only because we might get another video like this in a few years..
@21:52 had to chuckle seeing you ask someone from "The Northern Powerhouse Partnership about the poverty in the North, ive never seen their name mentioned in the media once since they were announced, what's even improved here?
The annual UK defense budget still cost over 10 Billion USD more than phase 1 will cost over its entire lifetime.
Always lovely when the plan is "we have to join the badly supported/connected areas to the highly supported/connected areas", and they start the whole thing from highly supported area, and they see "ohh we need to cut back" and they don ot reach the badlysupported area,while the other grown in the process...  If they would start it all from the badly supported area, they would have the pressure, to connect it up.  Not just in the U.K., not just about rail...
Come on, I predict 200B+
This project is doomed to failure, the management team consists of Crossrail rejects that made a complete and total mess of the Crossrail project in terms of finance. All this to decrease travelling time by a few minutes. If the line had to be built, the Chinese should have been given the contract. Is the line built to 350kph specs?
Environmental opposition to the single most environmentally friendly form of transportation is laughable.
The problem is that they chose to start building this from London, north.  If they had started from Leeds and built West and then South, there would have been far less objections, far lower costs. And sooner returns on investment.  Soon Birmingham would have been demanding that it should be connected and soon after so would London.
All  of these type  of projects all over  the world   here in south africa for world cup stadium where all well over budget I recon when projects like this are  planned times the projected cost by at least 3 times  then make a disision
Since i subcribed 3 years ago the production value of this channel has spiked. Amazing video this about a project i had never heard of before.
It should be noted that this is about what the US spends yearly on building highways yet this project is undeniably more beneficial than that.
No wonder its 100 Billion Pounds from its initial 37 Billion. Lots of "First" and "Mosts".
this is frusterating. can't make an omlette without breaking a few eggs. AND I'M MAKING THE MOTHER OF ALL OMLETTES HERE JACK.
What is the giant hole that keeps getting shown? The one at 31:17
I'm neither pro nor anti-HS2Why not simply upgrade the existing infrastructure instead? Surely that would've been a more sensible cost-effective move.
What a beautiful man
The problem is optics.  HS2 was being sold on time we could get to London. Woopty doo. It was minuscule enough to not care.  The focus should have been the large up lift in capacity it would bring to the West Coast main line and all its branches by removing the high speed rail and allowing much more frequent freight and rail services.  If we don't complete it now, we'll be having the same conversations in 20 years, then 40, then 50.   It needs to be built. But so does all the Northern sections.
One word.  clusterfuck
The good old UK government lmfao 🤦🏻‍♂️
I’m not blind to the fact you’re an Engineering channel, not a political one.  But please don’t say that this if going through the heart of the country or uniting a nation.  It doesn’t get north of The Wash!! I wholeheartedly support this sought of project in Britain but you’d need to have flags over your eyes not to see that this will do nothing for the north of Britain.
The Chinese have built bigger and better.
Seems like you missed a very important angle, why didn't you use HS1 as an example?
What a massive waste of money. There’s already underused existing track.
I support for the sake of progress
If they gave it to the Chinese to build it would be done and trains, would've been running fr last year.
The money they spent on Ukraine could have smoothed things along in the UK instead huh
Incredible! LOVE LONG VIDEOS LIKE THESE!
This is now the price of having to earn a living these days… having to spend time commuting a distance that’s visible from space on a daily basis. Something like hs2 is viable to shorten times for journeys taken over x-hundred miles is good for taking one trip every few weeks or months. But for them to position it as a daily commuting vessel to a place with all the jobs and prosperity (London and the south east) shows how economically unbalanced the nation is. The present and future uk economy?… turn London into Tokyo!
How about the government invest in the existing rail infrastructure that will actually benefit the everyday people of this country, rather than the small proportion making the cross country trips that this project will slightly shorten.
20 mins saved? That's bot worth it at all
Hopefully it will, like California's HSR folly, go bankrupt before too much money is wasted. Britain is small and for a fraction to be spent on this white elephant conventional rail services could be improved. There is a form of transportation which offers point to point convenience which no matter what form of 19th century technology can match.
The point I feel gets lost in the talk about "cost overruns" is that most of that added cost is labor. You're not doubling or tripling the material and land costs. It's mostly driven by more people spending more hours on the project. Those labor costs go directly back into the local economy because the people working on the project have a steady income which allows them to buy more goods and services. They pay taxes on that income, and taxes are collected when they spend money, so all of that cycles back into tax revenue even before the project is complete. Sure, some of those people would find other employment if the project was cancelled, but for the most part cancelling the project would be like several major factories closing down and the sudden unemployment hit would add to the overall economic cost of not finishing the project.
This is an absolutely superlative video. Genuinely spectacular. Everything from the layout of the story and its principals, to the production values, the script, the journalistic integrity -- I've run out of adjectives. It was just a jump-up-and-down thrill.
it doesn’t matter if you’re a druggie, a terrorist, homeless, or a degenerate, if you have a British accent, as an American, I see you as a person in authority
It’s a disgusting waste of tax payers, my, money. It will only be affordable for the rich, won’t save any time, and the money should be used for providing fibre broadband to everyone’s doorsteps in the face of people working from home, and upgraded all,the existing network for far less. We the people did not vote for it at all, Boris ONLY got voted in because if the lies he said about getting Brexit done. And it’s hardly a proper choice when the 2 main parties, by several million votes, both supported HS2.
I live 1000 metres away from where hs2 is being built and yet I have to get a 45 minute train south east to get onto a hs2 train. A major, busy junction onto a road that many people in towns around me rely on will be closed for at least 6 months. I’m not complaining about hs2 being built. There are ways to get the track built under that junction in a matter of under a month and yet the government do not seem to care about how much the project effects people it won’t really help. Yet in cities like London and Birmingham, they are spending millions to not inconvenience the people who live there
California High Speed 2.0
seems like a big deal huh.
How is that a high speed train with more track costs LESS than the Seattle Sound Transit Light Rail?
When will people learn that governments are TERRIBLE at doing anything on budget and on time.  They'll squeeze the tax payers money as much as they can, as long as they can.
Always so many NIMBYs that will complain and whinge no matter what
HStikkytokky
The best most well thought out and balanced argument on hs2 I have ever seen. B1M constructing Quality
Isn't England in the middle of the Brexit disaster? Where does all the money come from? England needs every penny to surrvive without starving to death. This whole HS2 story is a total copy of the Gotthard tunnel. The only difference is, Germany and Switzerland did have the money and weren't seperatet from Europe!
I think you could've expanded on the capacity benefits, explaining that the current express intercity trains effectively take up the same space on the tracks as two or three local or freight trains, and that by releasing this capacity across the network it will benefit people way beyond just the route of HS2.  Also the environmental protestors annoy me. The ancient woodlands and endangered species won't last very long if we don't start to transition away from personal cars & domestic flights and we need that huge jump in capacity in our railway system to accommodate that shift.
All this and yet HS1 and HS2 will not be connected. Seems weird to this Canadian that 700 metres divides the current and future HS lines. Good job on the video.
wow they got lots of money.
Sounds like once again the eco freaks are raising the price of building infrastructure seemingly so that they can seek to destroy the project behind its cost. The impact and the cost would be minimized if people would just shut up and realize that maybe this is for the betterment of the entire country not just them.
Incredible informative and well-balanced video!
Way behind China,  so far behind.
Projected fare: 150 pounds each way to Birmingham.
Potrzebne to jak dziura w moście
Oh let's build a railway that's shorter in length ,than the top speed of the trains that run upon the railway ..... phase 2 and 2b , is not going to be built ever .....oh and I really support public infrastructure in all cases , as it is for the people to use , only has to be at least a feasible length for time savings....
The UK should have given the Northern Powerhouse Rail priority. It is cheaper and easier to do , and the improvements have a greater benefit effect.  London Manchester have already quite good connection , whereas Manchester-Leeds is abysmal , from the victorian age. !  A 30 minute reduction from a 55 minute journey is a lot better than 30min off 120 minutes.
I live in Leeds. It's the largest Western European city without a metro, shite busses and crap train service. More than Manchester it needed HS2, but its leg got cut.
On might ask: wouldn’t it be much better if we took a careful look at existing railway lines and try to upgrade them to facilitate ‘medium speed’ railway connections? Like trains running at max 200 km/hr (150mph) in combination with additional tracks to enable faster services by skipping local stations and avoiding crossings etc etc. In Europe, the TGV Nord was introduced in the ‘80s at the expense of the Etoile du Nord. The Thalys takes you from Amsterdam to Paris in 4 hrs, but the Etoile du Nord needed only 5,5hrs on existing tracks… How many people would care about this extra time if they could travel at half the cost and be able to get onboard at 3 or 4 extra stations?
Its worth mentioning that Britain's voting system is not fully proportional to the votes.  It's called First Past the Post, and it increases the amount of seats the two biggest parties - Conservative and Labour - get in Parliament, meaning any other parties don't get nearly as much representation.
As a french guy, high-speed rail really revolutionizes transport. We've been enjoying this for 40 years and being able to go to the capital in a couple of hours is really impressive, especially noting that you go from city center to city center.  The main problem is those projects now have costs that ballooned out of proportion. Our 300-km chunks of lines only had a SINGLE digit before the billions. Now,  due to all the public appeals and recourses, planning tends to be way too careful trying to please the largest amount of people. Spending 10 years in studies, then 10 years in planning, then 10 years in construction is way too slow for a world that has strongly accelerated. People want immediate benefits and results, and yet, big infrastructure projects are building SLOWER than ever before, despite the new technologies. (Yeah, there's China, but that's another world...)  It feels like the UK and the US have missed the train and now have to pay insane amounts just to have a single line. I'm also pretty sure that many contractors try to suck as much money as possible from these projects, because having a 10-fold increase in cost for a similarly sized high speed line (€10B in France, £100B in UK and US) is not normal.  Anyway, impressive documentary from the B1M, this is top notch content that I expect from YouTube content creators. Hoping for more to see - and by the way, you should take a look at a shiny new cable car line that opened in Toulouse recently, if you want to come back to France someday! :D
its a tourist attraction, keep that in mind..
I love this, it's sold to us as traversing the length of Britain. However, in reality it goes from the south east to the midlands of England.
When I saw the £ symbol in the title I knew that the nation is the UK.
Mistake. The power flows from the British Monarchy to the Commons & Lords than to the Executive Government. The UK Government is formed by Parliamentarians.
HS2  is wast of time we dont need it
One day beyond?? Ha. Not in my lifetime.
Super documentary. I live along the route however I have recently learnt the importance of transit for all and so my initial hatred of the development has changed to support in getting it done as needed
That is again, a very informative youtube video and it shows all the complexities of massive infrastructure projects.
What a waste of time an money! It’s the corruption line!  Some people are getting incredibly rich with these projects!!! And how much will tickets cost???
I think it's a great idea. When alls said and done most people will be on board when it's complete and their benefiting from it 💯
How about High Speed Rail that does freight as well as people? Perhaps then it might be worth a shot. This comes from a Spaniard that lives in a country with plenty of HSR that practically no one uses. Planes are the norm.
So many potential problems. Originally only intended to go as far as Birmingham at a cost of 35 billion pounds. This scheme is in complete contrast to the rest of the rail network which is essentially a 19th Century railway in large part. So much electrification needs to be done and indeed a rolling programme of electrification should already be under way, but isn’t. What a mess!
Over budget?Thats ok, we spent £38 billion on a fucking app!!!!
I am a supporter of HS2, it is time to level down London and level up the Midlands and North
The issue with this type of massive government financed project is that unlike say a water or road project that everyone uses,  building a rairoad  when it is put into service will only directly benefit the top 20% of the food chain ... other then the workers that will build it for the next decade. So why should everyone be compelled to pay for it. If it made sense, the private sector would have built it long ago. 🤠
I have to admit that Solskjaer looks better after leaving United.
Money burning project that will cost $300bil min before finished in the late 2030s and then only the rich will benefit
Holy crap, wasn't expecting this.  I also had no idea it was THIS expensive, despite living in the UK.  Well, I live in scotland, so this won't affect me at all hahaha.  But I figured the huge line going north to south through europe would be bigger than this
Should have just invested the money in hyperloop technologies and try to innovate that way
And as always the same issues hit public infrastructure projects: lowballing costs to get the contracts awarded, private property owners trying to stop the project or getting the most money out of it, and everyone trying to get their special interest included.
2 words: Stuttgart 21, if the Germans can't do it on time and budget imagine the brits...
Thanks for this. Superb balanced coverage. Well worth watch.
What an incredible documentary. Progress is hard and options will always be divided but once completed people tend to forget.
There is a name for this: sunk costs fallacy.
I'm really excited to go on this rail service once it's live, hoping to visit Manchester for the first time
If you want to see how this will end up, jump on a plane to Hanoi, then hire a taxi to take you to see all the abandoned infrastructure that was to have been the high-speed railway between Hanoi and Halong Bay. You won't read much about it, that is why you should visit in person, it's what happens when a country embarks on a project it can't afford. Here's another idea, one common in many European counties: move the jobs to the people instead of the other way round. There is often more than one way to solve a problem, but all the time future MP's go to University to be indoctrinated into a world where Independent thought is regarded as the enemy of the all controlling state there won't be any change. If you want solutions to problems ask an engineer, if you want more problems ask a politician, one served an apprenticeship, the other was indoctrinated at university, need I say more.
Great video showing both sides.  My problem with HS2 is that the cost has snowballed and everyone in the country will pay for this yet the benefits will only reach Birmingham london and eventually Manchester (though this will most likely be delayed once phase 1 is done) ultimately throughout the project while the cost has grew massively the benefits are also shrinking at the same rate to the parts of the country this project was meant to support.   The other issue not really discussed in the video is the price to travel on trains. For most journeys, even with the increasing cost of fuel, it is cheaper to drive than to go by train. If the prices are already so expensive to travel on these slow lines I cannot imagine to think of how expensive a hs2 ticket will cost. In fact I will not be surprised one bit if it’s cheaper to travel to Paris on the Eurostar (HS1) than travel on HS2 to Birmingham
Fantastic video. Really informative and interesting.  The North South divide I think these days needs to be seen as the South East - Rest of the country divide now.  I'm from the East of England and there's very little in the way of good reliable public transport.
Cost overruns seem inevitable in any major construction project. And people know once you approve and start a project, the chance of it being cancelled outright is extremely unlikely, and there is no option but to continue pouring money into the pit.
this project make no sense for a country like UK, but it make sense for big countries like US, Australia, China, Russia, Brazil, etc. Some "Green Projects" are worse than what we do right now in terms of harms to our earth. most people now only see carbon emissions as a factor of being dirty or green, but they don't see how many new mines we need to address these new "green projects" or how much change we need to make on ecosystem and etc. Starting this project was wrong, but stopping it after all expense and after all harms done to earth and ecosystem is worse.
8 lakh crore rupees is Too costly.
I wonder how much is the ticket going to be  cuz even current rail tickets a ripping heads so although you would be able to live away from the high rents of London you will end up spending into transportation
Fantastic video examining many sides of this project. Great work b1m
While I appreciate it was to put into context the cost of the railway, the valuation of £1,000 per person feels a bit deceptive. This cost will be shared amongst all people currently living, and all people who will be alive in the next several hundred years.
High speed rails And railways and public transport in general is never a waste of money!  The military is Public transport isn’t
56 billion pounds to connect two cities 200 miles apart makes no sense. I live in Florida where this would be less than a 3 hour drive.
I love trains but HS2 is a waste of money. Why are we blowing more money on trains for Londoners when investment in regional rail services throughout the UK would benefit more people and be less likely to run tens of billions over budget...
As to the contraversy about the parts of the line that were cut, it wouldn't make any sense to cut the stretch to London, as the main point is to connect these other cities TO London. Even as someone who will rarely, if ever benefit from HS2 but knows the pain of British railways vs the high speed networks abroad, I still want it and am willing to pay the cost so that other people will benefit, the country & environment will be better off for many generations into the future. I just hope that people see the benefits of high speed rail, and there is a movement to (more efficiently) extend HS2 (or HS3, 4 & 5 etc) to the start of a complete high speed network servicing every region and promoting car-less travel around the country.  I don't think the Leeds line will be canned in the long run, but will later get reinstated as part of a phase 3, but unconnected to the main project to make the costs LOOK better. Spending £100m on a STUDY is just insane. Just delay the plan you already have to spread out the burden of the cost.  Also, I find it ironic that much of the objection, cost increases, is partly caused by all the eco measures imposed because of other objectors. If they just let them cut down a few trees (that would eventually die anyway), we could be taking more polluting cars off the roads, protecting the natural environment in the long run. I mean a train track isn't all that wide, just because one goes through a wood doesn't destroy the entire thing, just a small % of it.
Why not extend HS2 from Manchester to Leeds, providing a better link between those cities, as well as linking to the rest of the line?
This is a great episode, one we'll need periodic updates on, team B1M, in respect of the unfettered truth!!
£100bn+ spend isn't being thrown into a black hole never to be seen again. It is going directly back into our own economy, plus it reaps many more benefits than simply dropping £100bn+ out of a helicopter!
This is why China will lead the world.
"The world's most expensive railway"  California HSR:  "Just you wait".
Thank you!!!
Hii nikama reli yetu ya mchina huku Kenya. Usenge mtupu.
Whats not being discussed is ticket costs. Its currently cheaper for me to fly from london to spain than to take rail to birmingham.....the country needs to bring in foreign expertise to help it build efficiently.
“Bring a country closer together” but only if you live in the south of England.  At least Boris Johnson’s family got paid a few million for their property.
The Capacity the new HS2 lines will give is the most important part of this allowing for more commuter trains. The HS2 needs to be built and a northern link from Liverpool to Manchester to Leeds is also needed a true Cross rail. Funny how the same people who are complaining about the HS2 destroying our nature often are cheering on the building of 1000ft tall wind farms in the thousands.. they are taller than the Eiffel tower and can be seen for 10s of miles like a forest of spinning monsters.
The big question with all high speed railways is who is being able to afford a ticket? I pretty much prefer an affordable ticket on a train that only goes 200km/h over any high speed rail that costs 3x as much.
This is a brilliant project that will change the country. People freaking out about 34 football pitches worth of trees... come on. There are thousands and thousands of football pitches in the UK, probably built on land that was once woodland. This project will reduce carbon emissions tenfold vs current car and jet travel.
Why didnt they do london to birmingham to manchester to leeds? instead of making a leeds branch line. It seems more cost feasible.
The opposition for HS2 stems from it being a railway that is for the rich southerners. It will be hideously expensive and is purely designed to get people to London, with part of the northern leg already being cancelled. Instead of focusing on London the government needs to improve public transport infrastructure in the north
When B1M posts. It’s a good day
YOU DONT SAY!!...What a shocker...So as per usual the Tory filth "decide" to stop HS2 at the Nottingham Scablands full of Tory supporting traitorous scabs and stopping just short of Yorkshire thats not full of scabs....I feel like im right back in 1984 fighting against Milk Snatcher.
Thank you so much, B1M. Having said that, I'm sorry to say that I still retain the feeling that: a) HS2 will benefit London far more than the cities in the north of the country, (and that that is the main reason for it; London)  b) the whole thing about "economic benefit" is dubious and c) it is now more or less a 'vanity project' for the London-based government.  It might be interesting to note that the last high-speed main line to be built, the Grand Central Railway, was built by a company from 'the North' from somewhere near Nottingham to London in about three years. (Because of the famous 'Beeching Cuts' it was mostly closed, though some of the track-bed is still in existence.)
Wind turbines kill mammoth numbers of birds, including those at sea. And after their short lives they must be buried and remain un-disintegrated, forever.
The opposition to High Speed Rail, HSR in London is similar to when Japan first created the Shinkansen line. There were tons of opposition against it as it went over budget, but once finished, people no longer cared for how much it costed at all, and that’s probably going to happen with this line as well
This was a pretty comprehensive look at HS2. Well done as usual, guys.  A couple thoughts: 1) It's good that they are planting new trees to replace the ones they removed, but you simply cannot truly replace old growth trees. New growth trees are inferior in every meaningful way.  2) The world has had railroad fever for a long time, but this latest round of it, in the form of HSR mania, is particularly troubling. Railroads have their place, even HSR, but too many people mistakenly act like they are the answer to everything. Trains are just one of many modes of transportation with a role to play. There is no silver-bullet answer to the world's transportation needs.   3) It is absolutely fair to question if it is worth spending over a hundred billion pounds to shave off approximately a half hour on a trip, even if it is a 40% reduction or whatever.
UK's trains right now are very bad. With many getting cancelled and a lot of them slow and outdated with not enough seats. I think this project could do good.
Hi! from 2034, I started watching this video as I started my journey from Birmingham, and now by the end, I'm arriving in London in less than 10 minutes :) Thanks for the infotainment!
The bureaucracy in the UK is a shambles, from 2009 until the estimated completion in 2033 we will (hopefully) have built 550 miles of track.   Meanwhile China in the same time has built 23,500 miles of track and by 2033 could have added god knows how much more. And that is in addition to most major cities in China building thousands of miles of subways or metros too.
I suspect this video won't age well when it all goes to shit..
I’m so glad we have Abandon high-speed trains and trains all together in America we like our cars and trucks and we’re never giving those up
is your producer adam savage as in adam savage from mythbusters?
Is it costly? Yes. Does it take time? Yes Does it impact people's lives? Yes Could it be better? Yes. But the more important question is, is it worth it? Absolutely yes. HS2 should not only fully construct the London-Birmingham line but also Leeds and Manchester too and eventually Scotland.  Can't wait to ride in one in the future.
pardon my language but i don't give a fuck if a tree is 250 years old or 25 years old, what i do give a fuck about is the fact that i  paid more on a train from London the Cardiff than a flight to Lisbon, and funny enough the flight was faster!
🤣When Japan is building SC MAGLEV line with only 64BN with speeds up to 600km/h and 90% of the line is underground🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
🚆
Very well done - new cutting edge infrastructure is always difficult and unexpectedly expensive.   The Japanese and French don't complain about the costs of Shinkansen and TGV any more...
Love the long format and detai;
*2b or not 2b*
Not just the 16km Chiltern tunnel too, the others like 14km Northolt tunnel, 7km Euston tunnel, 6km Bromford tunnel in phase 1 alone is insane lol = 52km of tunnels on the London to Birmingham section 💀
I really like these more deep-dive kind of videos instead of just "this incredible project of construction will redefine everything and bring prosperity everywhere" as you often did in the past
Atm with HS 2 the Colne valley viaduct is already underway ontop of TBM Dorathy completing her run that i'd say atleast the birmingham leg has reached the point of no return aka too expensive to cancel.
A country like UK doesnt need a project like this. They are just artificially trying to bolster the economy temporarily and in that process destroying land. This is just to make their business cronies rich by transferring tax payers money to them who has inflated the cost of every thing that is invloved in this project.
Completely propaganda this crap film !!! TheY literally ignore EVERYTHING shit about the project and massively overestimate the benefits. Very disappointing from the shit1m
did hs1 give the economic gain it was exsepted too.
2:10 - and in a climate emergency, you cross the country how? On horseback? Or perhaps by train...
No one ever questions a highway construction....
you have got to have brain cancer if your against public transit especially high speed rail
Once upon a time Europe was a leader in rail, but the more it gets privatized, the worse it gets. Take it from an American, we only have 1 fast line and it only serves a small part of the country. Now China, who's government has massively invested in high speed rail, is the world's leader.
It seems a bargain if it only costs three times as much as covid track and trace.
The reason that people don't the HS2 (especially people who have heavy investmentin oil ) because is ruins there whole business,  but in reality the HS2 is great project 👍
High speed rail projects go overbudget. The shinkansen did, but no one remembers that and it is very succesful.
please make a video of India's first bullet train project 🚆...
How much pollution for the concrete to build the tunnels and viaducts?
Here in finland, olkiluoto 3 reactor, which is one of the biggests in the world, it should have been ready 2009. They started to build it 2005! But now, they r planning it to be in full use this december, and entire country is waiting of it, because after that, we need to import only about 5% of our electricity from other countries,if even that. Because our electricity bills r high here aswell, everybody hopes it will happen. Even green party, which was heavily against this power plant🤭
HS2 will never go beyond Birmingham. There will be this one long stretch of railway and that's it, because it's the only part of the line that will benefit London. It is nothing but a Tory vanity project thst the rest of the country will be repaying for decades.
That was a great video, I hope the ALP Government can do something like that here in Victoria, Australia 🇦🇺
increased CO2 has increased the greening of the planet by some 205 according to NASA satellites
Yeah, it's wild to me that people would be so up in arms about a project that should benefit tons of people and reduce dependency on cars. Yes its a lot of money, but those projects historically have paid off. Environmentally, yes its a lot of construction, but it's in a direction again that benefits a large portion of people and reduces dependency on cars which can't be ignored? Any project that takes us collectively away from the idea of individual travel (cars) as the most used or only transportation option, in my opinion should be good.
If every UK taxpayer were to pay the same amount of money for HS2 they’d be paying around £2,400 each
Real quality. Nice
Would love to see a video on the history of why we in Australia don't have a high speed rail. It gets thrown up from time to time but still no progress.
Crossrail was a mammoth pizz take. And nobody learnt a damn thing from that farce.
HS2 only has to be built once. Upgrades will come through out centuries.
Love to see environmentalists that complain about cars and planes all day turn around and start trying to kill an electric train project. Kinda shows that they don't love nature, they just hate anything that's man-made.
wow 100 billion pound on a rail project it is obvious that it could have been built far cheaper but most likely with a larger environmental impact. For this level of money in Australia you could have a high speed railway from Adelaide to Brisbane via Melbourne, Canberra and Sydney a distance of around 2500km. which would deliver massive time savings by a factor of 5 to 8 times quicker than current land based options. This project in the UK seem very gold plated indeed.   oh by the Fred you are a very attractive guy.
Just came to see Fred's arms <3
The standard of content and production from this channel is not only equal to - but in my view, far exceeds that which is available on traditional linear television, or even the streaming platforms.  Long live YouTube and excellently informative channels like The B1M. Just wish they'd give me a job tbh.
I'm actually looking forward too hs2 being completed in the future. I think that It will benefit the economy. The country needs this and completed, I hope that it is extended further.
If the project ultimately takes perhaps twenty years, and costs £150 Billion, that's (obviously) £7.5 Billion a year, which is frankly a rounding error for the Treasury. And taxes of various kinds will return to the Treasury from those employed on the project, effectively reducing the overall cost.
This is a £20 billion job, in a Gucci party dress. 80% gounging.
Great video 👍🏻  Shows the B1M is just as good for 30 minute videos as it is with the usual 10 minute videos.
High speed railways are ideal for forward thinking countries with positive economies such as mainland Europe and southeast Asia. They aren't appropriate for backward thinking countries with failing economies such as Britain and the USA.
The biggest issue with trains in the UK was never a lack of connections. An unreliable service and exorbitant costs (which rival flight costs) are the largest roadblocks.   It doesn't make any sense that it'd be cheaper to travel to Spain than it is to go up North. My concern is that when HS2 does arrive, it'll be so extraordinarily expensive that it won't achieve its economic goal of better connecting the country for the sake of jobs and housing.
5:37 I envy people with ears that are not pressure sensitive. Having been in Germany a few times on the ICE, there is a stretch between (IIRC) Bonn and Frankfurt airport with over 20 tunnels in that 140km stretch. That's like being in an aircraft taking of and landing every 90 seconds.
Just to translate the government shock and awe figure of £100M per week that is a coffee per week on average (£1.50 per person). If only acquiring an asset that would improve your life was so cheap otherwise, the mortgage on a 1 bed flat is several hundred times that for an even longer term of 50 years.
It’s might not be popular but this sort of engineering feat is what this country is literally build on.
Everyone shrugs are blames it on others. Never any accountability. Contractors are singing all the way to the bank.
You have to think of these projects as multi-generational.  I cannot help but wonder what people said 200 years ago when some of the great European train routes or train stations were first built...and the foresight that the builders had.   These new stations look spectacular...and as long as people continue to pop out babies like a PEZ dispenser, there will be a need for more and updated transportation routes.  By the way...the videos that the B1M produce are epic.   Well paced, informative, and with great visuals.  And the host (Fred MILLS) is one hell of a narrator too!
This is more like it. 20-40min really covers the topic. I find the 10min videos lacking.
32:05 That was one hell of a line. We must repay the favor given to us by the past generation forward onto the next, no matter how difficult it is for us today. Even if this particular project was not the right, that just means we need to try again until we get it right.
Basically every big infrastructure project like this with transport always goes ridiculously over budget, but 5 years after it's built, everyone's happy it exists and forgets their initial opposition. Same thing for shinkansen for example.
good idea and a shitty design of routes. this train system will be used as much as current trains and wont help at all.
I used to commute London Birmingham a few days a week, and I can not agree more , this line is important.
For all the cost and disruption, I can't help feeling that it's a wasted opportunity to do something revolutionary like maglev. Yes, 225 is faster than 125, but we could've had far faster than that, with existing technology.  (Not gonna say the H word, because it's ridiculous).
HS2 environmental protesters are saying, effectively, that it is better to preserve a few hectares of old growth forest in their neighborhood, because of the cozy feels and picturesque aesthetic, at the expense of destroying tens of thousands of hectares of old growth forest in Canada for oil sand development.  Essentially it's environmental aesthetics over environmental reality.  Pure madness.
Nowhere near Scotland. Up the SNP.
Nimbyism is a cancer on the world.
I don't think people understand that building a 30ft wide bed of gravel along a single line (which will often be raised above or sunk below ground level) is a very very small negative environmental impact compared to the huge positive impact of decreasing the need for road and air travel & shipping, even for such a small route
Thanks for keeping us informed!  High speed rail does not have my support.  It is a cost vs benefit question and here is where it falls short.
$100 Billion would barely cover high speed rails in the northeast corridor of the US. And there likely wouldn't be any tunnels. Almost all track west and south of Virginia is privately owned and gives priority to the owners own freight.
It’s worth remembering that the first Shinkansen in Japan faced very similar opposition. Few wanted it, and very few thought it would have a significant positive impact.
Heart of England *
People who are against this should have to go to America and cross a stroad on foot then sit in bumper to bumper traffic on said stroad for 4 hours just trying to get somewhere a dozen miles away. While the government dumps billions of dollars to add a 14th lane to the road.
Another interesting example is the High Speed Line in the Netherlands. They tried building two, the HSL south and HSL north. The southern part was cut short vastly and to this day does not operate at full speed, whereas the northern line was axed entirely. Honestly, Britain isn't doing that terrible compared to the Dutch.
WTH, Indonesia is close to completion with theirs....
100 billion pounds? That's too much..first do a smaller line and operate it on pilot basis and replicate over the country if this is successful
Environmentalists should all be shipped to Greenland, where they can live of the land. If humankind worried about trees so much 10,000 years ago, we would still be in a stone age...
Always producing the best infrastructure videos! 30+ minutes is a treat 😁
Corruption in UK is so high and people are lazy
I’m from a small town in the midlands where HS2 will run through (original plan was through the park next door) but now live in London. I think everyone in the UK can agree the train service currently is poor (delays, expensive, cancellations etc) however the issue with HS2 is it is again London centric. London has great public transport but this is not the case in many places, especially towns and rural areas where it is needed as well. HS2 running through the midlands with the nearest stops being in Crewe and Birmingham doesn’t help this, I think the time saving from Stafford to London is about 12 minutes. This is why there’s so much uproar because the people paying the highest cost such as houses being forcibly bought, landscapes being ruined, wildlife, long lasting impacts on small towns infrastructure, are the ones who will get no benefit from them. Yet all the decisions are being made on their behalf under the pretence is will improve their life.   It’s a hard issue as it is needed but again the UK is being treated as if it is only London.
Slight correction for the video, 2nd largest project, the largest are those guns
The controversy over losing twenty-four hectares of woodlands sure puts into perspective the size difference between the UK and Canada.  Checking the wildfires status page for here in Alberta, it says "there are currently no wildfires of note in the Forest Protection Area of Alberta".  But checking the full details of the northeast corner of the province - just one of the ten forest sectors - shows that there are eight *active* fires that have each burned over one thousand hectares of forest (the largest has burned over forty-five thousand hectares).  This all makes a lot more sense once you know that the Forest Protection Area is nearly twice as large as the island of Great Britain.  Also we measure things in hockey rinks instead of football pitches.
As long as tunnels are made by essentially grinding the earth instead of cutting chunks and removing them, it will never be a practical choice. Imagine if you had to grind away a tile to fit it.
Building railway with public money is protested so much, but when the same public money is used to buy weapons of war, and wage unjust wars, the public never bats an eye. Such hypocrisy.
We need more high speed trains in Europe. Easier commute means people might want to live in smaller, less busy cities. We won't be dealing with such a massive housing crisis in European capitals.
Man the people of Birmingham sure are gonna enjoy being the low cost workforce for London'ers
Gotta love the green buggers simultaneously complaining about zero carbon travel and zero carbon travel
i'm not understanding the opposition, they worry about climate change and yet they don't want electric train.
26:55 Why are OL3 used as an example here. The main problem with OL3 was government intervention, not actual cost overruns due to construction. This is very different to rail project where the government is all the parts of the project.  And while Three Gorges dam did suffer some setbacks, it was finished 20 year ago, this project is not current
The high speed train between my city, Barcelona and the capital, Madrid has singlehandedly killed the air routes between thia cities.  High speed rail is a marvel.
Frankly a lot of the cost issues are simply due to the lack of a proper survey early on, but that report alone is not cheap you would need geotechnical engineers to survey a site over 300 km long. I would not be surprised if that would cost millions for something like this. That said I can only imagine how complex a railway gets, but if installing a 15km long fibre in virgin conduit is anything to go by it will be a lot every watercourse require expensive construction planning, every piece of infrastructure in the way requires not only an expensive plan for construction but a dozen permits on top each costing one arm and one leg to even file (You will have to file at least half of them more than once). Some of that makes sense but modern society needs infrastructure to function and yet it makes it unreasonably hard to provide it that is a problem.
narrator adds to the creepiness of débâcles it's compelled to report, huh  :brrrrr:
It the Birmingham interchange you bum
It is 100% worth every Penny! Anything that gets people away from their cars is a huge benefit! Building and maintaining roads is insanely expensive, and the carbon footprint of cars is insane. Even electric cars, which are way cleaner than ICE cars, aren’t efficient, safe, or clean enough! Trains are the answer!
Central Railway Ltd, a company founded in 1991, proposed to re-open the GCR largely as a freight link. The government of the day said "No" because if the project got into difficulty, the government would have to finish the job. The West coast mainline was altered to allow larger containers to use the route causing massive disruption for several years, whilst the bridges and tunnels were being altered. It would have relatively easy to make the line capable of accommodating double deck trains at this time. Trains travelling faster than 125mph are not required in the UK whilst affordable trains are. Two mind blowingly stupid government decisions have deprived the country of a West Coast Main Line capable of carrying 20 coach double deck trains as is common in Europe, especially in Switzerland and increasing capacity by switching freight to an alternative route. Now we are paying a very high price for a railway that is little more than a vanity project aimed at massaging the egos of politicians who no nothing about railways. Here is a prediction: on the days when striking public sector unions allow trains to run at reduced speed the fare will be so expensive that no one will use the line. This is another example of the idiots our current Universities produce, they have no common sense and even less intelligence, clearly the accepted level of education required to become an MP.
my problem with rail in the uk is not the speed at all, its that it is usually cheaper to drive anywhere. a lot of the time its even cheaper to fly and use taxis to get to and from airports.
No point in stopping now...
Actually there are two direct lines from London to Birmingham, one from Euston and one from Marylebone, both of them quite quick.
Hard for you to say Birmingham you bum
Why can we waste 37bn on a track and trace system but not fund HS2 into the North? Where investment is needed the most. We should be building to ensure growth for future generations across the nation.
I request uk govt. To give this project to China they will complete it in budget and within time...........  Only if uk politicians set thier ego aside
It's essentially another thirteen Pork Barrel project and in a long tradition. Ever since the 80s UK governments have been transfering wealth Northwards for very little Return on Investment.
I really like your shirt in this video - any chance you could mention the brand or link it?
The greatest of all cash cows, raised on magic money trees…..
The project will save a few regular travelers 20 or 30 minutes journey time, will cost around £88,000,000,000 (£1,300 per person) and will make a lot of people related to the project very very rich.
Its important to see where that money is going. if most of it is going to jobs, not just construction but design and manufacturing then I think it's worth it since there is a feedback loop. more jobs means which also pay taxes and ability to buy things which can create jobs and so on. I know somethings that drive up the price is people taking advantage of the government footing the bill like increasing price selling property on known routes or making higher than needed bids especially if only contractor. not sure how uk deals with these things but these things make US infrastructure very expensive.
给我们中国来建造，估计很快就能建完😃
All the forecast of the benefits of this project were done pre-Brexit, and Brexit has proven to be quite costly to the UK economy with will last several decades at a minimum.  The increased debt costs for the UK with all the other issues, present and future will likely see no economic benefit for several decades. But once started it cannot be stopped.
Great film, thought provoking. And a good summary of the story so far, good and bad. HS2 makes the Foster + Partners led Thames Hub Thames Estuary airport and east coast HS railway look more sensible by the day (not to be confused with Boris Island). At least it provided a link between HS1 & HS2 which didn't involve dragging your bags along the Euston Road.
The only true winners of these projects are the contractors, making bank from their connections to politicians.  The economy, taxpayers, and environment lose.
It’s one of the most corrupt projects. It’s hardly high speed compared to China or Japan. Shortening journey times by 20 minutes will all of us pay through our noses for existing trains. Train journeys are so expensive here in the UK due to privatisation.
I like trains
This was absolutely phenomenal, B1M! 🔥
The Chinese have built 40,000 km of high speed rail since 2010.
You want to lose a subscriber, and while I'm but one, still, that's sad.  13:30 - I wanted to comment/critique the use of doctored graphs and numbers, because they aren't actually representative of the people's opinions, but three times, deleted.  If this one gets deleted, it just proves my point: you are pushing an agenda and I have every right to, as I said in the now-deleted comment, suspect the entire piece.  If this stays, I'll be surprised.  If it goes, it confirms I am right to abandon.  Good day nonetheless.
London to Crewe is about 180 miles, so 225 mph is just crazy fast in comparison. I'm pretty sure the trains can't even achieve that speed in passenger service... From about 150mph every mph just puts on more challenges and obviously more cost. I think they should have gone with 200 mph or 180 mph, as a more sustainable goal. But obviously this was very important to the politicans...
I suspect that the fares on HS2 will be higher than those charged on the existing trains. Will people pay this extra to save a few minutes? Will HS2 become the Concorde of the rails, as opposed to the Airbus?
Could be worse you could be American and have no high speed rail infrastructure. Our government spends $100B before lunch and we can’t even get healthcare
France has done on excellent job building dedicated high speed rail. The US having a hard time doing “higher speed” rail travel available a century ago. Some projects are far more complicated than others causing delays. While public oversight is important, unfortunately there are some groups that are anti government (and worse) which leads to delays and bad public relations. Governments must to better planning, but it can’t predict every detail. Governments should be more open and speak in something other than prepared talking points which are empty and meaningless.
£100 billion to build a stupid railway? I would buy 500 Neymars with that money instead.
Love the effort you put into making these detailed videos keep it up🤘.
Taxes don’t fund spending. #learnMMT
Nice vid
Glad you mentioned capacity, it is scary how many clowns think this is just about journey times.   More capacity for more freight on rail = fewer diesel lorries clogging our roads
Better the money used paying workers and creating infrastructure than giving the rich another tax cut they don't need.
We should at least get phase 1 complete
Have you guys @ The B1M heard of Royal Dutch Shell's FLNG Prelude. I think this would make an excellent video topic.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prelude_FLNG  Cost is now estimated at $17 Billion and it is still not producing consistently.
put a money pinching northerner in charge of the project budget. we don't need facny stations architecture. just get the mvp done
Please convert mph to kmh for us using the metric system.
I'm all for large scale engineering projects and what we can achieve is amazing, however spending £100bn+ on linking London-Birmingham is not justifiable. I am sure the future HS2 phases will fail to materialise, negating why this whole project was instigated in the first place.
Before watching, Im going to guess that the project was a huge step forward. However due to political bullshit and public whining, the project went severely over budget, and experienced significant timeline setbacks...because government is effective
Why not invest £100BN in electric planes development?
Who cares about the cost we pissed hundreds of billions on mitigating disastrous covid policy and all we got were more deaths and inflation. With HS2 we get an world leading train service that offers real competition to flights & driving.
Basically, the primary objective is befuddled with secondary objectives which increases the costs, and the world is just adding more NPC side quests along the way.  Oh and the narrator is a handsome chap.
I lived in the UAE and I'm sure the railway is gonna be used by many people. They are tired of spending hours in traffic daily!
"Will be 225mph"  Will it.. really? With what trains? Yea i know there are several manufacture that claim they can make a train that goes so fast, but really, so far is really only maglev that have proven that actually works.  its absolutly crazy that they was still building this when the maglev line was both faster, cheaper as well as more economical
the level of details in the production of this video is mind blowing, sweet animations, transitions and overall image quality. and yet, the content is even more impressive, congrats to the B1M team for this amazing documentary!
Typical conservative tactic is to delay, obstruct, and generally impede as much as possible, then say, "hey look it doesn't work or hey it's way over budget" so we're stuck with never making any progress until air is privatized.
I love this channel, from simple videos to something big, very well programmed, we viewers love this sort of thing. Watching from Zambia
I have a feeling that it will end up being like most of these projects where once completed, only those who have money will be able to use it because the ticket prices will be way more than any other transport option.
You missed the astonishing story about excavation the Anglo-Saxon burial they had to dig up and relocate the remains as part of it for the new HS2 Euston station
And we trust them to keep us safe...🤡
Excellent reporting! Thank you.
Football pitches, ah yes, the truly English measurement.
People will bitch and moan until its actually running then suddenly everyone will change their tune
Asking a bunch of people making millions from the cost overruns, "if the project is worth it"🤣. Also, the logic of "such projects face problems else where too" is such a childish response to the sheer incompetence of engineers and policy makers. A shameful work
Amazing feature length video. 10/10.
Another simple/non-hysterical/informative/informed video.  Thanks, I learned a good deal.
Very well made video 🙌🏼 high speed rail is something I dream of here in the US and get very frustrated about when it seems like it’s not even a thought within our American ideology. Yet, there is so much more headache that goes into it than one may think, still hopeful it may happen some day.
HS2 and the cancellation of Northern Powerhouse Rail has completely betrayed the North and Yorkshire
As time goes by it becomes pretty clear that a) we need to invest in infrastructure; b) all infrastructure projects end up costing a lot; and c) people forget the cost pretty soon after they travel through the channel tunnel for the first time, for example.
2b or not 2b 👏👏 Thank you for an excellent overview of a difficult topic which has polar opposite opinions.
Awesome video.  I do feel one large problem is the NIMBY proliferation and politically motivated oppositions that care less about the project itself and more about their agendas. Large parts of cost overruns are directly linked to appeasing various interest groups. Railway, once built, doesn't take up much space nor cause that much damage to the environment as all these scare mongerers would have us believe.  Another argument that gets thrown around is the cost of "100 billion pounds". Where do people think this money goes? Dissapears into the thin air? Get's dumped into a hole never to be seen again??? Yes, some investors and some people will get rich. No doubt. However, vast majority of that money is spent on salaries, procuring materials and services from companies and businesses from all across the country - generating yet more jobs. Money doesn't disappear, it goes back into the economy via salaries and businesses that build that railway.
The Spanish system costed only 80 billion euros and have 3500 km and Spain is one of the most mountainous countries in Europe why this one is so expensive?
I think its a real shame nobody thought to connect HS2 to HS1 considering how close the two lines are. Real opportunity lost!
Great video, love the animations and graphics! Very helpful to the audience, thank you.
In India, our government doesn't spend enough on its citizen and public amenities. All the money is siphoned by corrupt bureaucrats, local leaders and ministers. Britain should be thankful that they are atleast getting something good to use provided its not much expensive. Excellent Public Transport greatly helps in reducing personal vehicles and thus the material required to make those cars are not dug up and unsustainable mining practices are thus reduced.
We could never do a project like this in the USA, the govt is just too corrupt. Good luck UK!
Something that needs to be made clear for those worried about the woodland, this is much better for the woodland than an equivalent capacity 8 lane (4 each direction) motorway. Not only will the latter cut a much wider swath it will be a constant endless roar of tire noise at all hours day in day out, trains make a noise for a few seconds every 10 minutes or so and carry a thousand or more cars worth of people. Also you can breathe comfortably next to an electrified railway line, good luck trying that next to an 8 lane motorway.
Not sure about elsewhere but, in the UK at least, making Birmingham a commutable distance from London won't mean people will stop having to buy expensive London property, it will just massively increase the value of property in Birmingham, harming all those looking to live there that won't be earning London wages.  Locally (I'm near Nottingham) the project had it's issues from the start, the "Parkway" solution for Nottingham and Derby meant both cities being further away (in time) from London than they are now and neither city would have public transport connection to that Parkway until after it was completed.  One thing that desperately needs looking at on these big projects though is who is putting together the initial costs and timescales. At all stages it seems the excuse is "initial estimates" being completely unaware of what was being built and where. Maybe more needs to be invested in the initial surveys and costings to avoid bigger mistakes being made later - or at least those responsible for getting the maths so wrong to be held to account.
The intro trailer remains me of cities skylines 😀👍
They should of started in the north and worked south but south had to be first and get the most amount of money spent on them
Nice, yea the western world has lost a taste for big infrastructure projects. Even though we spend 100 times this project costs on maintenance on dated infrastructure.
Ah yes cost overrun, delays, north part of country feeling left out, same story over here in Norway
It was an interesting documentary, I just disagree with the project. This project is to only benefit London & the folk around it. All the people paying for this is frustrating, is this benefiting Wales? how about Northern Ireland? or Scotland we are paying for this. So much money in my eyes a waste. What is the average rail ticket for using this train? you know you'll get rinsed for using it too. If I were going to travel from Scotland to London there's no way am going to be sitting on a train for hours & hours when I could get a flight £40 - £60 and be there for around the hour mark. Absolutely pointless!
Calling it now. 150 Billion :)
Personally, I think if the train has a good WIFI connection and I can open my notebook and work I dont care how fast it travels, I think to call it High Speed train is a bad choice of  words, it would be better to call it high experience train and focus on the idea that the experience of travelling will be so good that you will prefer to work in the train than in anywhere else. The propaganda is wrong, instead of selling the idea of speed they should show a gamer girl  with blue hair drinking a fancy coffee  and sell the idea of the experience of travelling. The train is fast, I get it, but the question is : how  "instagramable" is the Journey ? That's how I think they should "sell" this train. Change the name from HS2 to HX1 (High eXperience One) and it will be easier to get it done.
it would have been interesting to analyze how much of that investment will directly flow back in form of income taxes and so on. it's not like those 100bn will be buried, most of it is paid to locals who will in turn spend it again.
You just need to look at the map of China in 2008 and after to see how much high speed railway has been build in Eastern part of China and now they are doing it in Western China. The West is wondering why they are being left behind by China and yet they do this everytime there is a key infrastructure project.
How many environmentalists were interviewed for this "Documentary"? Budget estimates were wrong, ground assessment was off, but public is expected to blindly believe in the environmental interpretations of such "experts". This laughable piece of targeted propaganda is what you get when Half Educated Engineers make a video to support a skewed narrative. This channel is a perfect example of misleading and malicious social media "promotions".
जय श्री राम
I wish my country had 100 billion euros to "waste" on a project like this!
This project just pays the price of ill-decisions taken more than 45 years ago, when France and Germany planned their futur HS lines but not the UK decision makers which thought they were smarter. There was the Euro-Tunnel project but it was mainly a French innitiative and money. UK is trying to somewhat catch up but with foreign technologies/expertise and today's highly expensive constrains (land acquisitions, workforce, subcontracting, etc.). Also the UK geography, demography and isolation is not so well adapted for HS long corridors, all that can't be changed. London will never be an HS rail international/national hub like Paris. That's why so many companies and people are piling up in and around London so not to be "out of reach" from UK's best infrastructures. Where will it end ? A giant megapolis of 30 million people like Tokyo ?
Ok, now make a comparison between The British HS2 and the Californian HSR
Especially in monetarily sovereign countries there is no such thing as taxpayers money.
It's a real waste. 100 billion is so much
Over budget = money stolen by politicians
I watch almost every video and I don't think I've ever seen the guys face before. Anyone else?
Or like the one in CA :) (coming from here in MN)
Great video. I for one look forward to the day HS2 opens.
what a load of arseholes ! the only reason this project was given the go ahead , was that OECD did a study and found that 99% of the economic benefit would go to the southeast bubblezone ,  and the north will be more easily asset stripped . some things never change . the ghost of Margaret Thatcher still looms large & dirty up here !
What a brilliant video, really enjoyed the cover of not only the engineering involved but also the political/economic implications - often overlooked and it's good to see that you've paid attention both to those who are for, and those who are against. Incredibly well researched and one of the best videos on the channel for sure.
There is never scrutiny. Govmt tax us and give it to cronies and get kickbacks. Check their finances.
This is a phenomenal video, but it also shows the sheer issues that seems to be occurring with it  - They’ve cancelled the 2nd leg (which was to Leeds), and replaced it with a bodge job to get it to Leeds, which is a very poor decision, additionally, cutbacks near Crewe are also causing huge backlash, and may reduce capacity in the long run.
The climate change narrative is so hilarious.  The train will “decrease carbon emissions”, (aside from the large plant powering the thing).  It will also destroy the environment as the lady suggests in 2:18.😂😏
Wait, how can there only be 34 football pitches of damaged space on a project this size?  Sounds like some crazy high environmental standards.
I did a presentation on this in 2016 and it still isnt ready
120 years no rails been built. Wow! That’s uk’s world record. Do your own work at home, British. Never mass with Hong Kong.
“We are in a climate crisis…..” so why do they want more cars on the road? Trains take cars of roads and use WAYYYY less co2. This is why I hate the green parties, they want to save the environment by shutting down nuclear to open coal and stop trains to increase cars on the road. Ridiculous
In my opinion, high speed rail is a type of infrastructure that will become standard over time. I don't think it is a matter of doing it or not, but how and when. Unless, of course, people decide their country should refrain from the same progress experienced by the rest of the world. Following that thought, I have the impresion that, while some environmental concerns are reasonable and must be taken into account, a big chunk of environmentally concerned people would just prefere nothing to be done at all and keep things as they are.  You gave a proper example: high speed rail systems all over the world were made with lower environmental standards and despite pouring billions upon billions of taxpayer money, environmentalists are not happy yet. I think it would be an interesting question to ask some of the majority of those who are neither strongly in favour or against the project wether they think it is worthit to spend, let's say, double the time and double the cost on this kind of infrastructure just because of very specific environmental concerns.   For example, let's say I don't care about the destruction about some centenial trees. Scientifically speaking, centenial trees are no better than younger trees but it has been decided to go underground, spending much more time, effort, energy and resources building below them. How is that justifiable? That also has a hefty environmental cost. Which cost is higher? Is it really worthit? Who decides? Who cares? Etc.  It looks like trying to make everyone happy is failing to achieve the main purpose of the project:  to build a high speed rail system that connects the UK in an effective manner.
Are there many instances where a country has regretted their High-Speed Rail project when it was completed?
Meanwhile in the actual north of England and most of Scotland we were never on the plan in the first place.
The NIMBYs in the UK are astonishing. I am not particuarly happy about HS2 due to various issues, but the envriomental one is not something I am worrying about. To build more lines, countryside will have to be damaged. It's just a British tradition to moan like no tommorow over any change.
Anyone who is against HS2 doesn't understand how bad and expensive trains are from London to Birmingham or Manchester.
If it’s 1000 pounds per person, but spread out over 20 years, that’s only 50 pounds per person per year. Which sounds much better.
It's understandable there were doubts. But to have those northern connections scrapped is an insult to taxpayer money. How many people you figure voted on that promise. So whilst paying for it, they only benefit in the lower half.  I'm not even from that place and I'm finding issues.
All the Tunnel Boring Machines have had to be made and imported from Germany.All the trains are foreign designed,again with the power units imported and only assembled here.Also this is relatively modest in both size and complexity when compared with the new rail system now under construction in Paris,and of course the french will not have to import just about everything.
Hi the B1M it sound very interestingto put the HS2  but is it worth it these day because some areas isnt going ahead now
hahahahah in your fucking face people of UK was 30mill and now 100 mill of people whining  must now pay even more , Next time time UK Don't fucking complain xD hahahaaahah so fucking funny xD
It's not that HS2 is a bad concept, it's that the political management of the project has been irredeemably bad. You only need to look at the electrification of the GWML to see how rail projects in the UK are shockingly managed.  There's no proper planning or budgeting oversight. Contractors engage in absurd levels of overengineering knowing that the govt will just sign off unquestioningly, so costs explode out of control. Most big contractors in the UK have a deeply incestuous relationship with both Tories (particularly) and Labour (to a lesser degree but still very problematic) allowing for rampant corruption, either legalised or grey. This led to absurdities like the almost entirely derelict Acton-Northolt line, which takes an arrow straight path through west london that runs right from North Oak Common being ignored in favour of massively long expensive bored tunnel under west London, rather than doing the obvious and far, far simpler and cheaper option of re-using the existing alignment.  At the same time, the UK approaches projects as individual episodes. There's no long term rolling plan for rail improvements so there is no embedded, retained skill set and know-how about the engineering and project management that exists in many other countries. For example, Spain has turned high speed rail projects into a de-facto production line system and has achieved some of the lowest costs per KM for HSR projects anywhere in the OECD.  Meanwhile, the business case for long distance commuting using HS2 has disappeared, while the line doesn't address the appalling state of local urban rail outside of London. By and large, intercity rail in the UK is pretty good, it's commuter rail outside of London that are terrible. HS2 is literally answering the wrong question, and it's not even doing that in a very good way.
People who don't want HS2 should just move to the United States, they hate railway there
HS IS THE FUTURE!!! so what it cuts downs trees?? of course it must. we cut trees for roads housing and all else!!! the future is in the metropolis!! and we need to conected them ASAP and england is flat!!!! spain just open a HS line through asturias and sanabria moutains!! stop complaning!! just do it already!!
I last used the train in 2010 when we had to go to the Philippine Embassy in London. We used the Pendelino from Chester to London- it took just 2 hrs 10 minutes WTF do we need HS2 for apart from putting money in shareholders pockets?
Should've got the Japanese to build it for us.
I hope Lizz Trust can fix this and expanded Northern rail
This is why England is entering a recession and also another reason for inflation.
HS2 is a lie. It was promised for Scotland and Northern England but we would only get the trains arriving on the already existing line with no new tracks or routes being layer for us. Now it’s not even coming to Scotland and will only benefit a small section of south England.
It's amazing how much trouble they could've avoided it if they actually planned ahead and do real research before putting a foot in their mouth.
The Train in Germany are faster. Up to 250-300 kmph.
Would have been a lot cheaper to have the Chinese build it
Here in Ontario Canada, a new highway north of Toronto -the 407- was started after years of debate, but eventually approved and started, this was years ago. A newly elected government won, in part, by claiming to privatize it would be a benefit to taxpayers. It has since provided billions yes billions in profit to its private owners.. The gov't is now borrowing billions to upgrade and expand Toronto's public transportation network, and the profits keep flowing...
Efficient connection between cities has always been the proper foundation of prosperity. High speed trains are the current most efficient and greenest way we have to connect cities on a national level.   Here in France, we have been building our high speed network for 40 years and one can easily see the difference between cities that have access to this network and cities which do not.   In a country such as the UK, such an infrastructure is an obvious choice because it is the best way to connect the whole country through a single backbone. The problem that british people face do not lie in the timeline required for this project or the small short term environmental cost, it lies in selfishness: NIMBY and this constant opposition against public spending.   This inability to behave as a society, a group is the weakness of your country. Brexit is the latest example. Selfishness is currently destroying the UK. This is sad.
Cancel the government.
German re-unification started in 1991. The All workers in the former West Germany started paying an 'additional' income tax of 7.5% for investment in the former East Germany to in tory-ese "Level UP" with the standards of living of the former West Germany. Over three decades since reunification, Germans (of former West) are still paying their 7.5% additional income tax.  The Socio-Economic Divide between the East and West is still DIRE.  If the Tory-ese "Levelling UP" can be done with a tinker, tailor, soldier, sailor... a few pennies here and there will create an Northern Standard of Living with a Parity to the SE of England... it will never happen.
Here in Newcastle I can't see the benefit to me personally when I don't even have a local train station yet. If it was coming here I might be slightly more supportive
How to save £100bn+ on HS2: "Just set your alarm for 20 minutes earlier." I saw a factoid that you could pave the route from Euston to Curzon St in gold plates for less than the current quoted price of this white elephant.
Why can’t they get the idea of Hong Kong’s underground train to use when it’s  already running for 30 years
I was fortunate enough to work on this amazing project. The jobs it is creating and the way that it is driving up safety standards through its procurement strategy is commendable.
If only they could connected to the EU high-speed net work covering Germany and France..
Shockingly ugly elevated section at Old Oak Common.  When Beeching axed Great Central, the line should have been kept as a cycleway and then it could have been reopened.  Another failure of Ernest Marples and The British Railways Board.  Money on HS2 should have been spent on improving other lines eg GWR to Cornwall.  Still 5.5 to Penzance.  Shocking lack of progress.  Yet the route of HS2 is less compelling from an economic and travellers standpoint.
mfers complaining about the environmental effects of HS2 have that braindead german green mindset (close all your already existing nuclear plants because of environmentalism... somehow. then have not enough energy, so you end up having to use the shittiest, least efficient and most polluting coal). Obsessed with the aesthetics of saving climate and what it looks like in the short term. But all the cars that'll be taken off the road will easily make it worth it. As well as putting Britain in a better economic position to fight climate change. Because do you think cities like Derby or Leicester are doing anything as dead cities with half the city centre buildings boarded up?
I say nimby, you say nimby. Nimby, "NIMBY" Nimby, "NIMBY" Nimby, "NIMBY"
Love this longer format video! You guys are really stepping up your production values and it shows.
at this point im convinced the uk government is paying you to educate the uk public on this project
In USA, we’re getting a new McDonald’s built!
according to lim guan eng ang sarawak report. This is kleptokrasi. England now are kleptokrat country
As an American I’m jealous of your rail system and of your country tackling big infrastructure projects. We have a political party that disputes the legitimacy of elections even as our infrastructure crumbles. Good on you, U.K., for doing hard work and improving your countries.
For Europe's second largest economy we really don't have much to show for it.  A modest motorway network, a tiny sliver of highspeed rail and our biggest airport has just 2 runways.  I think as a country we really need to get our finger out over the next couple of decades.
"construction projects don't get much bigger than this" is in practically every video...
So, 100 billion £ for Londoners to go to Birmingham! 🤡
As always, amazing content! I can't believe I was lucky enough to get a B1M video on infrastructure longer than half an hour!! Great job, guys👍🙂
Why Euston when St. Pancras would allow direct transfer to HS1/Eurostar?  I mean, I know they're just down the street, but still...
in Germany its the opposite, the capital is behind other cities in.. everything
The Poms haven't got a clue. Take a look at what they're putting into Seoul, starting next year, the GTX-A. While not cross country, (like HS2), it's certainly making tracks.
Put me in the boat of people who don't care about the costs, if we had that mindset historically we would never do anything as a species.
These brits ppl think building are as simple as colonizing other country.
Building roads never raises an eyelid, railways are over scrutinized and under valued. Roads are appallingly inefficient and can never match the carrying capacity of a railway, at 100 k/ph each car occupies 100m therefore a traffic lane can only carry 1000 cars per hour. Planes have to be done away with in the UK.
How do environmentalists think 34 hectares of woodland is better for preventing climate change than a railway to decarbonise transport for hundreds of years
Great video thank you. If the goal is really increased capacity, why not just build an additional, normal speed line?
China's built them 10 times longer through much more severe terrain, The UK is pancake flat.
The government doesn't need to change the situation regarding pension reform in the UK - it's not good for government if people will be socially protected. The government doesn't need to think about young citizen and their future - just keep walking some were outside the country. Don't ask us where is your money, or why rich people live izy.  Too many questions about the rational resource of money - but your point in that scheme is just like: pay tax and die younger
*"DEMOCRATICALLY" elected"?*  You mean when the three main parties are basically the same, representing the united financial capital/oligarchy, where all candidates are preselected (and non-complying ones are thrown out)?
100billion pound and it won’t even get to Scotland?
Your production has got so good! Consider researching Africa's development... if you want scandal and opportunity mixed :)
A small critic: earing an engineering channel use mp/h instead of km/h makes my ears bleed
My main problem with HS2 is that it had or has the potential to benefit more areas yet some of the main areas of focus already have some ok enough infrastructure. The entire country's transport links definitely needs improvement but some need more compared to the other  I understand that there are other complaints, delays, costs, environmental concerns etc (also rail service providers which is another topic), and I understand there are positives it could even potentially be something tourists will be excited to see (like japan's bullet train) but time will tell
Story all too common. We want the benefits but can't stomach the cost financially and otherwise.
Who cares about a few trees. I'd rather save billions than spend them going underground.
It's just one of those things where people will hate it while it's being built but will suddenly flip their switch once it's completed and then say they always knew it was for the best of the country
It's sad paradox how environmentalists often contribute to destruction of our environment. No nuclear, because it's dangerous (in theory) means we keep/build coal plants which are killing people not in theory but daily. No hydro because it will affect environment so more CO2 to destroy climate. No high speed trains, because few hectares of trees will be cut, so more cars that kills people by their pollution and contribute to desertification of millions of hectares of forests :(
Please cover the malaysian invisible 7 billion warship after this🤣
hs2 is such a scam lol look at what they can do in japan at a far more reasonable cost along with the fact its much more difficult terrain
I remember all the “No to TGV” in south of france when they built the line down to Aix en Provence… now everyone take it and is proud of it… even the “green” think it’s better to take it than the plane or car… just do it. But put pressure on private companies not to milk the government with over-cost…
Cost? The money is not buried, it is paid to a workforce, materials, machinery and subcontractors. What a better way to stimulate the economy? ...... China has no problem to do things quickly and efficiently.
Incredible work! This is awesome stuff! Thx guys
29:23 Instant Half Life memories
We don't have any bullet trains in Canada, not even between Toronto and Montreal.  That's a 5 and half hour trip between to huge cities.  Go figure.
NIMBYism has gone too far.  If these same people had their way when the railways or even motorways were being built, we wouldn't even have a national transport network more than minor roads.  I understand the concerns, but we have never been more capable of mitigating them.
Of course it goes through Crewe Every single railway seems to go to Crewe. It’s like how all roads lead to Rome
Fred has been delivering content for years. Just randomly informing us of cool construction ideas/projects. Been watching since 2018. Fred. You rule.
How many miles is London to the Midlands ? When do you come to the point of no return ?? Sadly a lot of people will never see it finished. Put simply these people will have Died.  2040 is a long way off.
I understand the concern of people but HS2 is much needed project in UK . if UK lags in terms of infrastructure like in EU and China it will boost the decline of industry and talent.
This is a great, balanced video!  Maybe the next one can be on the details of the engineering itself 👀🤞
1:02 that's Indeed True!  I'm an Indonesian and here in my country, many have very concerned about the over-budgeting and delayed operational schedule for the newly construct High Speed railway from Jakarta to Bandung..   Some say it's a waste of tax-payer moneys, negligence planning or even corruption "might be involved".  Shits just seem hits hard on every aspect..  But thanks to this video now I understand why such things could've happened.. At least giving a few depiction about it.
The UK risks falling behind on global innovation if they don't build it. Look at Asia, they are flying ahead of the rest of the world. In the UK they are too busy  privatising as much as possible and creating more tax avoidance
It’s really not “dividing the nation”. The amount of opposition is tiny.
Truly the best channel for construction 🚧 👏🏽👏🏽
Economic growth is why the Tories are bringing in thousands of illegal migrants in from Asia and Africa every week. Economics over country for capitalist.
I wonder how more it would cost if they made the whole thing underground. Sure, it would by a lot. But people would be like: "A trillion? Is that a lot? As long as they are not demolishing my house or wiping out ancient forest."
The Public Relations on this has been appalling. It was deliberately made to look bad, poor value etc. IF the new line had been put 'adjacent' to the WCML Route Diagram (not Geographical) as just the addition of a FAST UP and a FAST DOWN set of tracks. When the Pork and Fork Folk see it is simply adding the by-pass of the near London stations, 'they' would understand it easier... or just actually.  Route maps are Not geographical... so WHY has HS2 been shown on all maps to appear as if it goes through WALES in the minds of the Pork and Fork Folk. (Gammons and Spooners) These are the easily socially nudged and easily manipulated especially by a near Geographical Route placed on the National Diagrammatic Route Map, well it is the recipe for the Anti-HS2 mindset.  A basic simple map/diagram could have had a totally different National Perspective... even the spooners and gammons. lol
Love your channel.. Living just outside Birmingham HS2 is on my doorstep and it is a must that it is completed.. Thanks for the upload about HS2 well put together by you as always....  Once completed people will see the benefits of HS2......
Such a shame they ditched the old designs in favour for the “cheaper one” considering it’s going to be stood there for a few hundred years
Been waiting for this video for ages. It was very good. Just a quick note, HS2 is paid off over decades & is funded by Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) not taxpayers money. In a way, HS2's economic benefit pays for the project
Britain looted 45Trillion GBPs from India over 200 years. I guess Brits are funding this project from that loot.
In Italy, the first high speed trains was very discussed. Now it is very necessary to bring the high speed train to all the country, and here on the est Italy we are waiting for it.
great video dude!!!
Would this project be cheaper if built wholly as atunnel?
225 mph (360kmh) seems too economicaly unrealistic. Most of the hsr in the world cap run at 320 kmh. Higher speed means a bigger electricity bill and more maintenance on equipments.
Leave the country side alone.  Stop spreading urbanism.
Its rarely a bad time to invest in infrastructure. Ludwig II of Bavaria was criticized (and perhaps murdered) for his "extravagant spending", but his constructions are the most profitable buildings in Germany for how much business they create for tourism.
The video puts the B1M on another level of quality! 🔥
Whilst I enjoyed this I feel a bigger focus on Northern Powerhouse rail/Capacity is needed. Living in the North of England I honestly do not care that is takes less time to get to London. I care that from Manchester to Leeds it takes circa an hour. Likewise local capacity plus the boost for rail freight are the true benefits.   To hit our Net Zero targets we need to shift away from cars rapidly, HS2 and other rail schemes will greatly help with this. Also HS2 still isn't that expensive. Just the government's Green book and DfT are frankly awful at working out economic growth benefits.
Your explanation of how governments get the power to spend sums like this skimmed over the astonishing details of our long-ago outdated electoral system.   For the UK general election in 2019 there were about 46.5m people registered to vote.  Of those about 67% actually voted. So, about 31m people actually used their vote.  Of those who voted, just under 14m voted Conservative.  So, of those eligible to vote, only about 30% voted for the Conservative government we now have. But, our very outdated electoral system gives them 5 years to enact whatever they want and nobody can stop them - for example deciding to spend the kind of sums we're talking about here.   In overall terms, 20% of the 69m people in the UK population (voters or not voters) wanted a government that gained absolute power for 5 years. That's about as far from the original definition of democracy as any voting system I can think of.
Truly love this documentary, and I'm all for HS2 and feel it'll be as revolutionary and useful as Crossrail in the future.
This is very important for infrastructure to build those before people build more on the land coz when the line is filled with buildings it's almost impossible to build this without destroying things.
Awesome video, learned so much more about the project than the purely negative snippets we always see on the news.  Excited to ride on this one day 🚇
This video was awesome, great work! Better quality than a lot of stuff they put on TV these days.   Thoughts on HS2 though, total waste of time and money. Reducing a journey time by 20 minutes? Who cares? The majority of the argument is based on the fact that London is the centre of the world and the goal is to get as many people as possible within a short journey time of the over populated cesspit. Two issues with this: firstly one doesn't need to work in London to benefit from London, 2 years of lockdowns showed us that. This scheme was green lit in an old world, before the mass discovery of remote working, the entire landscape has shifted - people are moving out of London. We're better connected because of technology, not trains. Secondly, there is a big issue in perpetuating the notion that London is the be-all-and-end-all. Instead of getting people "closer" to London, there should be a focus on stimulating economic growth outside of London, and not based on London. Folks south of Watford can often be quite small minded in assuming that those that live north actually want to live south, but just can't - and so let's throw the poor Northerners a bone by allowing them to get to London quicker.
For comparison: 24 hectares of lost greenery is NOTHING for a project of this size. In my country Austria, wich is not very big as you might know, we seal up around 5-10 hectares of natural soil PER DAY. So yeah, weak argument.
Still falls short. Needs to connect all the major cities in GB.
8:20 is arguably the most important part of the video; HS2 is about pathing & freeing up space on the rails. HS2 will benefit places like Wales & Norfolk by relieving pressure on the overall network, not to mention the volumes of road freight traffic which will be moved to the rails. People like XR focus too much on the aesthetics of being "green", rather than projects like this which make a real difference on reducing carbon emissions.
This project gives me the same vibes as when playing roller coaster tycoon and u have a well running park and decide to make a custom coaster. After terraforming much of the land and spending 5x’s the amount u originally planned, you finally finish years later to only realize that you built a coaster nobody wants to ride and now ur park is in debt, park rating has crashed, and there is puke on all the paths. All of this could of been avoided if u played it safe and built a pre made ride that didn’t take up all that time and you would of taken care of upkeep, keeping the puke to a minimum.
Imagine depending on car infrastructure instead of railway.
Beautifully balanced report. Not being from the UK I had no idea HS2 was so politically controversial.
Countries not making plans for when we run out of oil in 2052 and when 90% of oil reserves are below 5% by 2080 are in for a rude awaking. Imagine people looking back to this time period in an age of energy abundance and not planing ahead for when everything becomes much more difficult to do with cheap and readily accessible oil. Building your entire life and economy around a finite limited resource that your country doesn’t even produce enough of to feed your own country is a terrible policy decision.
Love the face reveal Fred
Why does a railway need parliamentary consent to be constructed in the UK, despite being private of public, all three centuries of its existance on the land? Construction of a spur to Boryspil Airport did not require that, from what I know. Why are technico-economic reasoning documents so damn sloppy? How do people make such faulty studies? Did HS2 spend more money on land acquisition or engineering or construction than on all the ecological hijinks?
No matter how expensive this will get, the use everybody gets out of it will be worth it
Let’s prioritise improving existing rail lines before spunking out £100bn that most people including northerners don’t even want
England is building this new railway not from tax payers but from the money they have stolen( approx 40 trillion dollars) from India. Your economy is build on the money stolen from India.
Just BUILD IT!!!!
Superb, very interesting! I'm asking myself for how much longer the "economic growth" can stay our top objectif in a world facing that many challenges, from nature to the ones we created?
Feel like watching the engineering version of <Yes Minister> S3E5 (The Bed of Nails) in which Jim Hacker was appointed as the "Transport Supremo" 😅
well, except in China!
I wish we had these across the States but the airline industry won't let it happen...
Good try covering this topic, but I think you've done it a serious injustice.   My belief is that this project has always been woefully insufficient, yet you continue to nitpick on the smallest details without representing the larger picture satisfactorily.   With the proper perspective (particularly regarding the future of transit generally), there should be no doubt upon the importance of completing this project.  Edit: I should have had more patience. You address this point at the end of the video. It was a mistake to put this at the end of such a long video, and I think my points still stand.  p.s. don't call groups of people "guys"
Here’s the problem.   Those who can afford to use this train don’t need it. Those who could use this train cannot afford it.   Well paid businessmen and service professionals can video conference meetings. But nurses and tradesmen who need to travel will never afford tickets. Leisure travellers will not pay the premium over normal trains to get somewhere 30 mins faster.  So who is this train for?
I love HS rail and the UK deserves it. But imagine how many existing lines could’ve been upgraded to HS with the billions being spent on this one shrinking inadequate route.
I smiled a bit when you went to the location of my first uni architecture project in Leeds
Screw the price, add another ~£200B or however much it'll cost and connect the high speed rail to Ireland.
The first 3 minutes were already very good
Brilliant guys!! Detailed, balanced review with so much different context we don't usually get. Fantastic review of this project.
I would love more longer in depth videos like this! Well done!
Literally informative.
I Love Construction despite being a Data Analyst which is still useful.
Love your content 👍
Commuting longer distances? So we'll have Londoners pricing us out of what scant few homes have been built because they'll be able to commute from the midlands?  Far from taking pressure off the housing crisis, it's just going to let London leech more out of the rest of the country..
The idea that high speed rail spreads the wealth is not a given. There are studies that argue that it sucks money out of smaller towns in favour of larger cities, leaving the smaller towns as dormitory suburbs.
Its going to be good but the price of it is going to mean I'll never use it
I’m glad you touched on the capacity aspect, most journalists have ignored that part of the project, and created this hysteria about it all being about shaving 30 mins of London to Birmingham.
Great video, now I have watched it in full.  Missing though that lots now WFH and that the passage numbers its based on are now not correct
The concept behind HS2 is fantastic, however it's the modern UK's complete inability to complete anything on time and on budget that's causing it to be a massive mistake instead of a massive success. Other countries could have had the whole project finished 5 years ago, at a larger and more useful scale than is actually going to happen. Parts of HS2 have already been cancelled, the reality just isn't the same as the initial goal.
wonder how much they'll charge for a ticket
Well done on a well produced piece of content. The quality of your work, like the HS2 budget, is ever-increasing!
The PR for this project has been extremely poorly handled. The public - as evidenced in the comments - have run away with the idea that the whole HS2 project is designed to shave off 20mins off of a journey to London. In truth, HS2 will free up capacity on the existing network to take countless lorry loads of freight off our congested roads and to improve connectivity across the North.
At least the south will be well connected, oh wait, it already is
This is probably the best video on the topic! Thanks Fred(?) and team!  It's so frustrating to see people blindly arguing against infrastructure costs without understanding the entire argument. It's an investment in the future, not a waste of money.
After its conclusion, I believe the HS2 will benefit the country much more than it can be imagined. It will take a long time, no doubt, to see it concluded, but it will be worth the time and money invested in it.
Another superb video, thanks Fred!
Love your videos, the animations and the information is perfect.  As someone from britain its saddening to see how we've been f*cked over once again
Another title could be: A divided nation: Can anything be built anymore?
With a densely populated, compact island like what the United Kingdom occupies, surprising that something like the high speed Shinkansens with dedicated lines hasn't been put in place already. The population density is not much less than that of Japan's. If one has taken the foreign rail pass for Shinkansens and gone up and down Honshu, they would realize the benefits of high speed rail pretty quickly - the ease of travel is amazing, compared to driving and domestic air travel. And the Japanese excavated through some serious mountains, like the Japan Alps (with Japan being a pretty mountainous country).   Well, the Elizabeth line was nice to try out this summer. Hope the HS2 gets completed.
90 seconds in and I'm captivated. Weird to think that *Britain* was the last place I guessed this was located at the start, I figured this was the Yucatan or somewhere in Africa. 'Bout time the Brits got back in the train game
To say I had waited so much for this video would be an understatement. Another great B1M release.
oft 34 mins of great info love it!
There's not much worse than NIMBYs
High Speed Rail - no other three simple words make politicians lose their minds and taxpayers lose their money quite as fast and certain.
Governments should not reduce the scope of large infrastructure projects that aim to improve things. Quite often the wrong choices are made in the beginning and later on, we regret these decisions. In the UK HS2 should be from St Pancras or at least have an interconnection with HS1 so that one can travel easily from Brussels or Paris to Manchester. Crossrail two should be built.
So 74% of Brits don't care?
I totally agree with HS2, look across the Chanel at France, Spain at their hight speed rail system to see the benefits. The same complaint was voiced when rails lines were first laid or when Londons underground system was first envisaged. We must move forward or be left behind, as usual!
The West is simply not capable of conducting large infrastructure projects in an efficient and timely manner anymore.  If we had to make a WW2 scale effort today, we'd fail miserably.
I did not realise political advertising was big business for public transport infrastructure and public spending, huh. I never knew public tax money was so sought after by privately educated and private business owning politicians.  It is not rail that needs investing in to make progress happen. It is only investment into maglev transport systems that will actually improve long distance transport systems. 😅
Amazing work!
Laughing in Chinese where same is built twice cheaper and faster with two times faster speed/trains lol.
Why can the rest of Europe get a HSR apart from us?
It’s an interesting project, but it certainly overdoes its sustainability claim. Especially because a lot of money and infrastructure is needed just to go 5 miles faster than other trains in Europe. It is the usual Boris Johnson grandstanding. A „normal“ high speed line would have cost half and taken 2 minutes more travel time.
I love Highspeed rail, I love this channel. so It's already a great video!
That's a lot of money
Great Britain is NOT a constitutional monarchy. It has no constitution.
HS2 protesters are a joke. Barely any of them are protesting the much more damaging highway upgrades (RIS2)
Coming off work early today and coming home to this treat, what a beautiful day!
UK People: ITS A WASTE OF MONEY  Also UK People: WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET ACROSS THE COUNTRY
I would hardly say this is dividing the nation, i cant  think of a single person at work or my mates talk about this subject, other then the political class, media and pressure groups or those directley effected by the project most people dont give a toss about this, to most people its a non issue. this project does not effect most of the people in the country so they dont care, as for the money, well the government spends billions on loads of stuff and this is just another one of those things.
3:28 please also give us kmph units, most of the worlds uses the metric system.
Well, the same project happen go far east, The Jakarta-Bandung HighSpeed Railway project in Indonesia. Recently, the GOI 'finally' approves of using public money to fund this project. Public outrages, yes. Its so messed up upon my views. It has been long under critics as it is unsuitable since Jakarta-Bandung is only 3 hours drives.
You said there will be connections to Wales. Where? As far as anyone knows Hs2 goes nowhere near Wales
Climate activists: "we need more trains" *train is beeing built* Climate activists: "No no no no, not like this"
How is india able to make the same high speed rail with more distance for  around 15 billion dollar ?
Meanwhile in America, we aren’t too worried with infrastructure as we are ridiculous social issues and making a public spectacle of a former president and constant political gossip. So much talent and potential is going to waste here in this country, as well as the world. It’s constant complaining from one side of the isle or the other without anyone coming up with a solution or deciding to focus on real issues that really impact the vast majority of people now and in the future.
Can't wait to ride HS2
We eatin' good tonight guys, 30 minutes B1M video just dropped!
I wish all that hs2 money just went into the UK's general public transport that could really use it. But no, just a train purely for the rich.
Yes it’s marginal, but just like the channel tunnel it will be a great way forward once it’s up and running
It's very interesting that countries where rail transport had its starting point, like the UK, Germany or the US, have so many problems with big rail projects nowadays. I mean California High Speed Rail, Stuttgart 21,...it is pretty obvious that something has to change in planning and building such infrastructure.
I’m sorry but it doesn’t benefit Wales
That plug socket under the desk is stressing me out.
HS2 from London (of course) to Manchester. But it's a further 210 miles to Berwick-upon-Tweed and from there 325 miles to Thurso. Falls rather short of a full British high speed railway - more a convenience for England's midlands and capital people.
Please use metric if using numbers to describe stuff.  At least write it in the video, for example like this:  "100mph (160km/h)"
4:00 BT Tower 🤩 looking forward to a nicer looking Euston
Infrastructure projects that span multiple governments are to be applauded.   In todays world of popularism and short term pressure from social media the pressure never to start projects like this will be large. Listening to these voices is how stagnation happens.
34 minute video about HS2, this is a blessing!
Sub contract To China.    They will teach you…….
Poland is also building a high speed rail network yet you refuse to make a video about it
Presently, HS2 is overpriced and isn't improving existing rail links. The big problem with HS2 is that it follows the same/similar route as the Great Central Main Line which was closed by the government-owned British Rail in the 1960s following Dr. Beeching's railway modernisation report and most of the route was built over after closure.  I think people would be less-opposed to HS2 if the building architectural style used were Georgian or neo-classical instead of the boring looking "modernist" styles and plus of course the price tag is also not liked. There is also the problem that HS2 makes it look like the government wants to centralise the UK economy around London which is why the route is being built...
The country that used to rule world now struggles to build a railway inside their country!
Already cancelled the half which was meant to ‘level up the north’ . Now it’s just a fancy train between 2 city’s that the north has had to pay for without getting anything back from….. again.
*It's not taxpayer money.* That's what everyone seems to forget about this: it's being funded through capital expenditure, essentially borrowing against a future return on investment. We wouldn't be saving money by not building it, because the money essentially doesn't exist until it's invested in something real: the rails, the stations, the trains, and the jobs. You can't point to a single penny in your tax bill that goes towards major new infrastructure projects; it was the same with Crossrail.   Also, the entire carbon footprint of building HS2 is equivalent to one month of emissions from road transport. Given the immense potential of the railway to take cars off the roads, both directly and indirectly through releasing capacity on the existing network, I'd say that's a price worth paying.   Or it would be, if it were actually being built properly. The truncated mess that's being built now is an embarrassment.
Could be great in long-term...
If we are going to it, then Manchester Terminal should also be underground and out of the way
Just in time for 34 straight mins of B1M
Note the massive land displacement. This train is a disaster for the environment... Land displacement is a major factor in all of these high-speed train systems everywhere in the world.
Also, why does it have to start in London?  Start from north to south
oooh yes!
How to get a job done in a business or can be done by someone who has done it all in a while you can get a good idea for a good 👍 😀 😊 😉 🙂 is the most important step to take in the city of Sydney size to meet the requirements for the first stage in which state and regional areas have to do that to ensure the quality and quality assurance that they have to go out for their first home and be able access the new york website for a number 😀 months 😀 of your application to the city and city to see the information on this
Not needed! Better investment in upgrades to local lines. Northwest corridor and active Travel.
Great video
Your channel has come so far it's great to see keep it up 👍
100 billion for a stretch of line track from London to Birmingham 🤣
Woah bro
Bruh
