3:39 "It's a grenade with a gun on it. Because of course it is." Never change, mission control guy.
Season 3 be like : *P L A G U E F A L L*
"It's a grenade with a gun on it, because of course it is" Ultimate classic -x- ROCK AND STONE!!!!
Rock and Stone everyone!! I thought first that Lithophage was a C19 reference. I'm glad i was wrong
Wait, is that Mission control voice?! Sounds meh without fillter...
Rock and Stone FOREVAAAA !!!!!!
W season
Uhh the flood??
your gameplays colors are so different from mine????
Rick and stone
the narrated trailers are the best!
ROCK AND STONE!!!
Rock and Stone
Rock and stone. Ghost ship games, you are gigachads. You are prime example how adders developers should do online games. No FOMO, no paid to win, back connections to the community( your fans)  and ect. You gods. You deserve more. Continue in same energy lads. ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!!!!
Let's get to it, boys!
You know what l would like in the next big update, but not a new season is to change many things in this game. The following things l would like changed are these things: 1. The Lithophage meteorite. The time before the first one spawning is within 5-10 minutes and l would like that changed to 1 minute to 5 hours to make it more realistic, because meteors are not planned to show up at any time. I would also want a maximum of 43 plaguehearts per mission meaning three big lithophage meteorites containing four plaguehearts inside, three lithophage meteorites with three plaguehearts inside, one set of four, five, six and seven lithophage meteorite fragments and one is guaranteed a plagueheart, and a usual maximum of 25 plaguehearts can be obtained per mission as usually only one fragment has a plagueheart inside it, and the fact of having a two percent chance of another  plagueheart inside, they are definitely super duper rare but still something that needs to be destroyed just of another plagueheart inside because we don’t know if there is one inside or not, in there for each other meteor fragment, and same for the others. 2. The data cell. Data cells can be found from destroying a prospector drone, hacking prospector data deposit or from an interrupted communications router, the next update l want to have it used to be a maximum of obtaining only one data cell per mission meaning only one of the three rival signal events will spawn and never two of them or all of them in one mission. Now it will be you can get three if a new seasonal event called the rival tech event is activated. These events will show up on every single mission including industrial sabotage missions, and as well as the korlok tyrant-weed showing up on every mission including point extraction missions. So you will have an additional possible hacking event with an additional hacking pod/hacking drone. Due to the fact that my PlayStation 4 lags when cables are in the mission because it rips, tears up the terrain ground and makes drilling holes through the terrain, to build up the antenna nodes, setting up in cables and placing the communications router itself, and hiding the data cell good in there and obtaining it for good after hacking each antenna node. 3. The cave leeches. The cave leech has no hissing noises when it’s about to grab you. This really bad new for haz 1-2 players because cave leeches don’t let go of you until you are downed or cave leech is killed, and higher up cave leeches attack you with fall damage on death. So if a forty meter cave leech dropped you, you would take significant fall damage and without a “heightened senses” perk, you won’t get a warning. But heightened senses never goes on any of my characters except engineer especially scout for two reasons. One I’m a ceiling looker player. I tend to look at the ceiling. I usually would find a hole with a sack on the ceiling to help warn me that there is a cave leech ahead not tending anyone else’s detriment but if was hacking an antenna node and l do get snatched by a cave leech, l want to ruin my or anyone else’s fun by going down. And two, l like to light up the ceiling if l were scout so the odds of me getting snagged by a cave leech is pretty low, slim to none. I do like to get grabbed by cave leeches which is why l get grabbed a lot in this game but l very rarely do get caught by a leech from out of the blue and nowhere for no reason other than wanting me dead. I only can hear the noise when I’m beside it so but I’m not going to lie even a teeny tiny little bit but this enemy is a real nemesis, due to the fact that the cave leech if more than fifty meters up in the air can outright go down from initiating fall damage you could expect almost down immediately instant death and mission failure if you are playing solo without Bosco or playing multiplayer and you are the only one standing and all the other dwarves have gone down if you aren’t running heightened senses and there is nothing to do to stop and release you from a grab that will make the cave leech drop you to the ground and then let go even without heightened senses once you have been already caught, and regardless if you have a Steve, hacked patrol bot or bet-c it’s over. Truly a very sad day in the space rig and RND and management will not be happy. 4. The huuli hoarder. Same thing as the cave leech. The huuli hoarder is a dormant and docile creature until approached or attacked. It drops lots of rewards such as (gold, and two types of crafting materials appropriate for that specific planetary region) if can kill it, if they killed you got minerals and great loot you did it but unfortunately if it gets to far away from you or not being attacked it burrows and gets away and never to be seen again ever. If there is a cave leech, the odds of you getting the minerals if you were attacking a huuli hoarder and you’ve been slatched by a cave leech are pretty low or zero chance because you will not be able to attack but not move meaning get away if you are grabbed. They also flee even though a wall unlike the spitball infectors and bet-cs be sure to look on the terrain scanner for thin walls, tunnels, ceilings and floors. If they are behind a wall and you are not driller, it might make them run away faster so go fast. Take them out quick. 5. The Glyphid dreadnought hiveguard. The dreadnought hiveguard is a monster that is going to need some repairs and so as the other dreadnoughts. The regular dreadnought on solo is tremendously tremble stomping and then roaring after without turning its body making you be able to if you feel that there is enough room for you get out the way in time and you feel that there’s time you to make a mad dash into the back of her body after the trembling stomp, you’ll have a brief window of opportunity to deal a heavy blow and amount of damage to the back of him if you’re running berserk you can do a hole stage of the set just by going from full health with the shell to exposed and then closed up again from too much damage in short bursts of amount of time. On season one, he would tremble stomp and move before roar, please fix that. The dreadnought hiveguard used to even before season one rival incursion the dreadnought hiveguard was bugged and not spawning sentinels if attacked too soon. Instead of that going back to how it was let’s put it to being dormant and docile until approached by dwarf or shot at. Same for all the other dreadnoughts only on solo except the regular glyphid dreadnought on multiplayer mode turned on, just so if you were not ready or you just finished a machine event on or a meteor stroke hoxes and was in range of the dreadnought cocoon egg. 6. Load outs and added old stuff. The scout deep core gun had three damage bonuses, then it had two and now one
You guys are both brilliant enough and evil enough to make us fight Rockpox Dreadnoughts aren't you?
Best coop game! Thank you GSG! 🖤🖤🖤
Rock and stone
you know its bad when "surviving hoxxes" becomes "defending hoxxes".
Deep Rock Galactic has made it into my top 10 games of all time quicker than any game ever has. Rock and Stone to the bone‼️‼️
Its scary how all that is still a dormant form imagine what the aggressive form would be
Its good to see that your still updated the game
I just started the game, and love it. My only regret is that I didn't discover it sooner. I mean, I live on the internet, how did this got under the radar is a mystery for me. It took a JPN Vtuber to show me its existence LOL. I'm very happy though. The mechanics, the gameplay, no MTX bs, no Battlepass exploits. This is pure bliss.
This game is so amazing. Paired with Sea of Thieves it's like an embarrassment of riches. ROCK.. AND.. STOONNEE!
Now it's possible to just be a summoner from Terraria as Engi.
4:13  This is one of the reasons I love these devs. These have to be some of the best guys I’ve seen in the business.  Keep up the good work!
For Karl!
Deep rock is one of those games where it just…makes me happy. I promise to support this game Financially to the best of my ability, buying any dlc that comes out
y’all know the safe word?
I just bought this game and I feel like donating to the devs more than any other big game company which are trying to milk your wallet all the time.
............/´¯/).....................................(\¯`\............. .........../....//......................................\\....\........... .........../....//........................................\\....\.......... ....../´¯/..../´¯\.....ТВОЯ ИГРА КАЛ../¯` ....\¯`\..... ..././.../..../..../.|_........................._|.\....\....\...\.\.. (.(....(....(..../.)..).........................(..(.\....)....)....).) .\................\/.../............................\...\/................/ ..\................. /................................\................../. ....\..............(....................................)............../... ......\.............\................................../............./.....
This game does have flaws but damn is it a nice breath of fresh air in the sea of modern garbage cash grabs.
Friend bought it for me and invited me today. I was upset about nearly every game in the last 9 years or so. Played and i'm completely surprised. Had so much fun in those 2 hours. Player friendly and fun in all aspects! Can't wait to play more. This is how i remember video games. Thank you for bringing so much joy to the people.
ROCK ANNND STONEE!
Rock and stone, brother!!!!
Im so sad that i buyed the Game so late, i just wanted to wait until the Game is finished now i passed so many things out.
The development team behind DRG deserves the highest of praise. You have made one the best gaming experiences of the decade. Amazing Co-Op, thrilling core gameplay, and fun progression. And the fact you have no predatory monetary schemes? Chef's Kiss. You put so many Triple A companies to shame. Thank you so much for one of the best games ever.
Rock and stone my brothers (and merry Christmas!)
As someone who loves collecting cosmetics in games it is a massive turn off when a game locks cool cosmetics behind timely challenges. This is something I’m so happy this game hasn’t done <3
ROCK! AND! STONE!
For rock and stone brothers!
FOOOORRRR KAAAAAARRRRLLLLLLLLLL
Best devs in the buisness
3:01 :(
One of the best games ive ever played
Rock And Stone! I have idea to add RokPox Opresor or Detonator that can spred RockPox after defithing in form of Contagent Spike or drop 2-3 plage harts
Only game where I feel developers actually care
Rock and stone! Idea here: Departments or Unions? Going with the theme of being in a company. Having a clan to join where you can trade minerals perhaps? Trade same stability overclocks, weapon sets, cosmetics that you have not forged? Maybe set clan goals x Number of (objectives) for a clan reward every month with a leader board. Maybe it would mess up the mineral and overclock balance for every individual but i like the idea of setting up a group to join. I'd play moblie games like Clash of Clans and Star wars commander as a kid and some real strong communities can be made
We’ve been doing a good job disinfecting the more heavily contaminated areas but I wonder how much worse other areas have gotta be that we don’t even know about? Places where the Rock Pox has grown so much it’s completely taken over the local ecosystems, where complete unchecked the pox starts to evolve new and deadly ways to deal with bugs and dwarves that have tried to stop it’s infected tendrils from spreading beyond it’s hive
Rock and stone
Ghost ship spoils us like favorite grandchildren
Fun season, Rockpox is very friendly and likes to feel your beard
"its a grenade with a gun on it. because of course it is" this sentence just won me over, i'm gonna try this game asap.
Bring back epc mining
That is clearly the pathogen coming on a planet already full of xenos ahah
Wish my friends would play this with me it sucks having to play by myself
rock and stone
beautiful update
For CARL
“For those about to rock & stone, we salute you”
Hello miners is time to ROCK AND STONE
Let’s Goooooooooo!!!!!!
Looks cool. I hope the plague cleaning tools are solo friendly
Rock and stone
ok but when does it arrive on xbox ?? "ANY TIME NOW"  Been waiting all day :(
Where is the console update to season3? Should be there since yesterday but it is not... :(
“Nothing goes away” these words bring me great joy
One of the best game communities I've ever played with Rock&Stone Miners
What a time to be alive, miners! *cough*
3:02 Fosters! XD
Goat
Rock and Stone!!!
this might be the only video game out today where the community is just enjoying the game and not constantly arguing and making 6 videos a day on how busted or problematic it is.
I need to buy this game
Man, i wish we got new guns, but the throwables are rad!
No other game on the market currently inspires anywhere near the amount of community and camaraderie that Deep Rock Galactic does. It doesn't matter if we're in a voice call, friends with each other, or even on the same continent as one another. As soon as we press the 'V' key to raise our picks and let out that bellowing "ROCK AND STONE!", we become dwarven brothers tightly bound by blood, beer, and mountains upon mountains of dead bugs!  *IF YOU DONT ROCK AND STONE, YOU AIN'T COMIN' HOME!!*
Dahmer glasses at 4:04...
I love how GSG don't abuse FOMO like all other game studios out there and instead add the unlocks to the loot pool instead.
ROCK AND STONE FOREVER!
Absolutely love that items you don't get during the last season stick around! You're awesome Ghost Ship Games!!!! 🙌💯
Stoner rock!
Thank you for making my all-time favourite shooter. Rock and stone.
So i'm still getting trash rewards for completing a mission in haz5?
Rock & Stone
"the items of last season will be addded to the regular loot pool - nothing goes away" Bless them for player friendly and sensible game design - a season pass that actually respects players time and no nonsense micro transactions. Keep up the good work! Rock and Stone to the bone!
Is there flakk rounds for the gunner that explode mid air for the twin barrel gun ? DRG
Hey for the final update let get a story for karl
Rock and Stone!
pls drg, pls bring crossplay :( i love this game but i wanna play with my buds
Hey guys just a random thought you know the one big mule near the deep dive terminal does it have a name yet or do we still need to think of one?
do we get a tier6 armor finally
Honestly, after previous seasons, this was just disappointing. The lithophage status effect is just a reskin of being frozen, a new event with the meteorite (Which we got last season), a new warning which is as deep as another event, and slight differences on how Grunts and Praetorians work if they are infected, which don't get infected in real time by larvae, which would create urgency before they touch the glyphids. But arguably the infected praetorians are easier to take down. I expected a new biome and a new boss! The spores in the back a friend of mine thought were stars, and the wall of plague I thought it would be like a battle-royale like ring! Ever play Fucking Run in F.E.A.R. 3? Like that, but you'd have to fight it!
Honestly wouldnt mind some of those pointy eared leaf lovers hanging around now. They got all kinds of fancy medicines from all those plant gardens they got which would help with the sniffles.
Rock and stone indeed
This weekend the game was free to play, so me and my friend decided to test it out. My god, this game is so damn cool. We are buying the game and we're also trying to get our friends into it as well. Rock and Stone brothers!
ROCK AND STONE!!!
So Excited. Can't wait to jump in on console!
3:37
can i get a rock and stone?
when you wonder if this game can get any better, they drop huge new stuff like this while making old stuff still accessible. this is the only game i keep finding myself coming back to.
Best game.
Break's over, back to work.
Halo: Infinite might not have the flood in it, but atleast DRG delivers.  I hope there's a glypid gravemind/queen in the future seasons, there's a tonne of potiential for the game.
**ROCK AND STONE**
KICK-ASS THIS GAME COMPAMY ROCKS
Rock and stone!
These devs are the best in the world man
Yo fellow miners, I’m on ps5 if anyones looking for an extra teammate. Currently lvl 75 I play all classes. Add me EtherealFissure
This is so fucking cool I don't even know what to say, oh wait, yeah I do, ROCK AND STOOONNEE!!!
The update and season looks AMAZING. But it hurts my immunology.  Me: So this plague is a lithophage (bacteria), that causes Rockpox (virus), that spreads from spore-like pods (fungi) and can infect the living organisms in Hoxxes (parasite)? Which type of pathogen is it? Devs : Yes.  Me: Good, ROCK N' STONE TO THE BONE.
Oooo I’m excited .As a driller main I hope we get a Tesla chain lighting gun for the driller one day
You all are the best.
Rock and stone
"because of course it is" lol.
Yes a game about underpaid miners
Ghost Ship continues to be a team that continues to impress. What a season!
We suddenly have to care about the environment after blowing it to bits for years? Don't even get me started on morkite residue...
Best co op game ever made
Can you add more ways to get skins and weapon frameworks, and add new enemies, normal ones that will stay
“It’s a grenade with a gun on it, because of course it is” this line is gold, I’m glad that the devs understand why people play gunner
the real question is.... will the firing range finally be re-opened? It'd be cool to be able to test new weapons without committing to an entire mission with them. Maybe with captured Rival drones as targets.
Oppressors? Ain't worth my time.  Bulk Detonators? I sleep.  Lithophage Bulk Detonators?  RREEEAAAAALLLLL SSSSSHHHHIIITT?!
So are the rivals going away entirely or are they still going to pop up in the mission rotation?
You guys are the best. Rock and stone to the bone!
you guys do cosmetics the right way, now just crossplay for ps4 and  pc
DRG the final bastion in a sea of paid battle passes and limited time loot. Thank you ghost ship
Also known as, Leage of Votann v Nurgle
How do you play this for more than 5 minutes?
Why does it have to be nurgle
Rock and Stone
Rock and stone! I can't wait to grab my friends, grab my beer and sink my Pickaxe into this season! I can already feel it plaguing my every thought!
This is cool
You know its bad when command starts to sound concerned and friendly...
DRG devs are the best, like tha fact they just add the content into the loot pool is such a breath of fresh air unlike every other game where you can no longer obtain things if you miss out on playing during that time
For console instead of the 3rd will it arrive on the 17th?!
Daddy needs some new steel toed boots
You guys just keep doing better and better everytime I see this game. I am glad to have such a developer even exist in this day and age.
Please add balrog
The only game i will buy dlc for just to support devs
I love your Games so much ^^
I really love the new co-operative tool mechanic you added in. Looks really enjoyable, makes sense, and has a lot of applications going forward.
I've been wanting to play this game for a while now
Damn that’s crazy a new threat? I’ll go on it
Thank you legends
After playing Destiny, I'm glad nothing goes away here.
Can't wait!
So if I understand, data cell events are going away? Since that was last season?
Rock and Stone
I love these devs so much. Cool updates, cool maps, fun weapons, the list goes on.
One glareingly Dinosaur-wipeout-capable-sized-Metorite big mistake at the end of the clip...  DWARFS DONT DRINK WATER WHEN THER IS BEER AT HAND!!!
DID I HEAR A ROCK AND STONE!?
Question: is there new beer?
I love this game so much.
VERY excited for this update!      Lol why when narrator said "corruption" and "purification tools" it sounds like its terraria reference lol
So we're not just miners and bug exterminators... we also frontliners now
Damn, COVID is infecting Hoxxes as well
RnS <3
Oh gee oh boy, the floor is made of nightmares!
Lovin the game but please do something about the performance on series s and even sometimes series x. This consoles should be powerful enough but when a million particles and bugs are swarming the level the fps goes below 30 and its a slide show / instant death. Let the game turn of the fancy effects in this moments  or something (who needs all the shadow effects and dust particles anyway?). Playing on difficulty 4 or 5 is almost unplayable. Got both consoles and it used to be much better then today performance wise. Thank you!
Literally the best game devs in the industry.  I'm not being hyperbolic.
rockNstone brothers  ⚒⚒⚒⚒
Ffffwwwwoah!
Management better give us a raise
Best coop game I've ever played. Rock and stone!
FOR KARL 🙋
I can tell that these devs are very loved and that's good people like them deserve all the money they get , but like Activision and ea they are so greedy its just sad so its really nice to see some good guys for onve
Consistently the best devs in the industry. Easily the best co-op game of all time.
For Carl
Amazing Devs
these guys really are a beacon of hope for modern gaming, you guys do amazing work
What time?
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVBE YOU I LOVE YOU I L OVE YOU I LOBE YOU
Early access done right. Amazing job.
"Nothing goes away"  Sigma male grind set these men have.
One thing out of the hundreds that I think DRG did good was teamwork and the fact that everyone and dwarf has their place in the team and are useful in some capacity
It shows 3/22 but I think it’s supposed to be 3/23
"A clear and present threat to the Hoxxian ecosystem." I thought that was us?
And on high, our lord doth say, "nothing goes away"
Needs a base building/ wave defence mission
what about female dwarves, are we ever actually getting those or is this game i love so much just always gonna have the feeling of a boys only treehouse?
*presses V*
One of the best devs (maybe best) these days/ years.
How to treat a community right
Rock and Stone Brothers! Very nice.
This new season looks SICK
ROCK AND STONE!!!
Ahhh man! March 11th!? That is for ever away!
Ya know halo wars 2? Yeah think about how cool but weird DRG and halo wars was mixed
Your game is definitely one of the underestimated! I love it and will tell everyone about it! :D  Rock and Stone!
Good game
well glad to know DRG cares about the hoxxes environment!
Nurgle squats crosover
I LOVE YOU GUYS
God I love this game and I love these devs
My anti vax dwarf ain’t gonna like that sterile face mask
Jesus christ. Y'all are really the best devs ever. "Anything you've yet to unlock will be added to the ordinary loot pools"!?!?!?
o7
All that's missing is a sandwich shop on the space rig.
Rock and Stone my friends
Such a great game.
Rock and stone
best game ever!
Does anyone know if we get extra scrip points if Lithophage outbreak is active on a mission? I'm a man of compensation, a rat who loves collecting. I love the events, but I also want them to add more stuff to the deep dives, adding more stuff around endgame content is something I've been hoping for for a long time now. However, I'm not a complainer, infection and meteors are a combination of elements that fit the DRG theme extremely well. I'm also curious though, will the data cubes still count towards scrip points and exp? I highly doubt they won't.
really hope the mutator itself will stay past the season
"Okay, guess this is not the water dispenser..."  made my day
Rock and stone!
"This crap's what eating Hoxxes" boys, time to fight back!
Rock and Stone brother!!
Wonder if some later season will feature cosmic horrors. Supernatural enemies would be neat.
Ура♥️, скала и камень, братья
As a gunner main I cannot wait to get my irresponsible hands all over that gun grenade
A rock esk plague😍😍😍 that has so much potential, I would love some monstrosity to appear
Thanks y’all rock
Can't wait to get back into the game !! Rock and Stone !! 🍺
ROCK AND STONE
I hate the cosmetic tree. I had it completed, or so I thought, but missed one random little cosmetic because of the way it is set up my eyes just didn't see it.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NEW ENVIROMENTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so a plague...star???
YES! IM READY!
Outdoor maps would be a good addition of the game. the same maps over and over inside can feel repetitive and claustrophobic
did i hear a rock and stone ?
They say to avoid touching the stuff and then gibe the scout a boomerang. Hopefully it sterilizes itself through electrocity or something! 😂  I'm very hyped for this season. Rock and Stone!
Would be keen to play if it wasn’t a horribly unfun grind to level up
My god the grenades looks so cool.
Rock and nature
Whats the progression like in this game? Is it more like left 4 dead where its just a co-op shooter. I know its got some upgrade systems, but its not incredibly deep like a shooter rpg or something.
ROCK AND STONE!!!!!!!!!!
We'r reach!
Rock and Stone
Love what you guys are doing!!! Triple A Devs really need to take notes from you. So excited to delve into this season!
Will it be the 3rd on Europe ?
Literally moaned at you guys saying "nothing goes away" y'all are literally the best. This game has a seemingly endless well of fun, and clearly maintained and developed by a passionate, skilled group of folk. Rock and Stone.
ROCK AND STONE
Ghosts extinction comeback??? But better!????
New guns? Class?
I'm not your nurse though.
This game is great! It has easy to grasp mechanics, which heavily rewards moving properly, but isn’t too difficult to learn. You get to completely customise your respective dwarf, clothing, ethnicity, beards, hats, everything. And have I talked about the guns?! It’ just fun shooting those things; you click Mouse 1 and it will have noticeable effects and is, again, heavily rewarding. The guns too, are completely customisable, not only in appearance but also in mods to suit your playstyle. It’s very straightforward and not unnecessarily complicated. The difficulty-lvls and Deepdives make it fun for miners of all skill-levels, so again, great work here as well. Furthermore I love the little details, like the lightings on the pipelines at On-site-refining that indicate when they are operational or the big red button on MOLLY, making it pleasant to the eyes and clear for everyone what to do. I could honestly go on forever, but then I’d still be here, typing, tmr.  So to sum this all up, *THIS* is how games are supposed to be made, tysm for the amazing beautiful work, GSG, you’s are truly one of the, if not the, best gaming producers ever. Rock and stone y’all.
Man it is so nice to see management send some more qualified dwarves to uncover some more variety in the cave systems, appreciate that crew so much!
Looks like Nurgle is sending his plagues to the dwarves.
It almost seems as if you actually made this game for people to enjoy. It is a videogame ffs ! it is a thing you create to make yourselves rich and screw over the community as quick as possible. Didn't you guys from ghostship games get the memo ?  allright ... shut the f*ck up and take my money already. Cosmetic DLC bought already. It is ridiculous how much of a player orientated developer team you guys are.🥰
We're rich!
Aw IM so excited!!! But I gotta wait all the way to the 17th😭
Hot stuff! One of the best PvE Co-Op games I know keeps getting better and better 👍
Boomerang and for the boomergang
THE IRIS HE IS WITH US NOW LAUGHING AT US
Ghost ship games has got to be the best dev team I’ve ever seen, ROCK AND STONE
How very Nurgle
“It’s a grenade, with a gun on it, because of course it is” pretty much what I expected from the gunner
ROCK, AND ROLLIN STONE!
fighting agains fomo as always. thank you.
So we are fighting space covid
The new throwable for driller is very clever. It won’t be as effective in large caverns, but it can easily clean house in the narrow tunnels a driller digs.  This will be a very nice addition to help out at the end of missions, where drill tunnels always end up getting completely overrun.
Looks sick
Oh jeez, nurgle broke through onto league soil.
This is amazing. New enemies and new cave shapes/biomes are literally the best way to give the game a breath of fresh air.
You guys rock and stone. Really looking forward to this update.
Rock and Stone everyone!
nice update, but please the game needs more bug enemy variety than everything else. The usual bugs being infested doesnt add new dangers to them. Hope in the next update there will be other bugs to squash, Rock and Stone!
Ghost Ship continues to shame all other devs
Yee
Rock and Stone
Love you guys and thank you so much for your Business practices, hopefully other companies will learn after you
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
So cool how environmentally conscious DRG is. I bet its an amazing place to work!
The coronavirus has spread to the caves
thank you i cant sound more thankful the best game ive played in whos know when
Fun fact: lithophage is actually the name of a card in magic the gathering
Hey Ghost Ship Games, Love you guys. Keep up the good work.
I hoped there would be a new Caustic, Acidic kind of biome, from having seen that first gas mask view teaser. Could use some new biomes, but at least therell be some new cave generation
Why we cant have splitscreen multiplayer for consoles?
Yo that boomerang looks sick! ALL the grenades do! I hope we get some new primary and secondaries at some point too! Rock and stone brothers.
ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKNSSSSTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
I think I'll jump back into this instead of Overwatch 2... er, Overwatch 1.5.
welp people get your hazmat suits it decon time
Rock and stone
Rock solid.
Лучшая кооп игра от хорошего разработчика с новым хорошим сезоном)
Keep doing what you're doing GSG!! I will always support the team because this game has been nothing short of perfect in a sea of P2W, lootbox and heavy MTX games. You guys are the shining light of the gaming industry.
DUDE THE SWARM DRONE GRENADE IS JUST WHAT I WANTED THANK YOU MY SUMMONER BUILD IS QUICKLY COMING TOGETHER
Veeeery nice update! Thank you very much! Lets Rock and stone! But leave infected dwarves behind! 🤣
Amazing update! Looking forward to it. Rock and Stone!
So are there any new units or just infected ones? I was hoping for some new ones.
This is brilliant! I just hope this all works well in singleplayer as well. Rock and Stone !
Can not understate how much I respect Ghost Ship Games
flamethrower time
No new weapon? T_T
God I love this Dev so much
yeah sure that's nice and all, but _plague doctor mask hype_
It's like his voice was made for this game
I can only hope you guys see this comment, BUT I LOVE YOU GUYS AND YOUR GAME
Man this game just keeps getting better!!!
This is how games should be done now a days
They added the corruption and clenteminator from terraria and the flood from halo. Very based.
0:38   since when the hell have we ever given a single fuck about the ecosystem?
Was hoping DRG would add more planets or something.
For Carl
While I love DRG and all the dope content, I kinda wish the battle pass only went up to 50. I put dozens of hours into both seasons 1 and 2 and barely made it halfway through the battle pass :/
God damn it Ghost Ship Games! Only caring about your playerbase and never doing greedy selfish shit. Why so perfect?
dude the new grenades are awesome best devs ever
2:00 "BROTHER! CALL IN THE HEAVY FLAMERS!"
"It's a grenade, with a gun on it, because of course it is."
I so stoked I finally found a game that has devs who are trying to make a dope game and not some over glorified store that has a game hidden in it 🤣 I love this game so much and I am sooo excited for this next update
Rock'n stone to the bones !
Heck yea dudes Rock and stone!
Can we just take a moment to appreciate that they always add seasonal loot to the main drop pools?  I don't play this game all that much, and I love the fact that I'm not actually missing out on anything by doing maybe 20% of the seasonal stuff.
"Can I get a rock and stone?"
Throughout the years we've been mining out the planet with absolute zero care of our impact on local environment.  Now an external threat shows on the horizon, and so we have to take action,  saving "our" planet There's some sort of irony in this, isn't it?
“We heard you like rock and stone so we’re literally hurling them at you now, enjoy”
Rock and stone, rip this infection off the bone.
I love this game
The update looks amazing - looking forward to getting some more digging in.
Why can’t all game be like this
can you still fight season 1 and 2 enemies/do the special events/whatever?
It is insane that this company can continue pushing out such amazing updates on a regular basis like this. God this game is perfect.
ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS! Thank you for work!
You guys are just awesome!
ROCK! AND! STOOOOOOOOOONE!
This is a very unsafe work environment
you know it's getting bad for hoxxes when command tells you to help the planet survive
Karl would be so proud.
Rock and stone
I'm liking what I'm seeing
This is the way it should be. All other games should take note. Rock and Stone Forever!
As a total biology nerd, 'lithophage' sent fucking chills up my whole body. Not even 20 seconds in and November is looking so great....
0:00 "Hello my nurse" What did Mission Control mean by this?
So far loved every season but this one looks like the best one yet
🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
and this, fellow dwarves, is why drg is the best game ever created, i still love tf2 more tho
Rock and Stone To This Update And Every Dwarve out There!
Amazing
Ah! New cave generation! I can't wait to see
Good work on repelling those rivals brothers. Now we have another mission ahead of us, gear up. You'll need that bio gear.
If there's a rock pox, shouldn't there also be a stone pox?
Easily the best dev teams out there right now! This game is one of a kind and I love putting as much time as I can spare into it.  Rock and Stone Brohers!
I eventually bought DRG and it's been great. Maining gunner and not regretting it
Console two weeks later . That hurt .
ROCK AND STONE!
ROCK AND STONE AND POWERWASH!
Finally got the time to play this wonderful game again. And I am finally hooked for good this time. You are doing the best job with all the little details. And it is probably the best model of a season pass I have ever come across. Just pure good fun with amazing gameplay. Thank you
Warframe "Plague Star" moment
Does managment have plans for updating the space station because I want to have a shooting range so I can mod my weapon before going to dive for a mission.
"Anything you've yet to unlock will be added to the ordinary loot pools, nothing goes away"  Rock&Stone. I'm return for play!
amazing job, DRG keeps getting better and better, I can't recommend this game enough
I feel taken care of as a gamer when I play this game
Can’t wait!
I would love to hear some new music. I think it would improve the game greatly for those who’ve been listening to the current soundtrack for hundreds of hours. Of course, it would have to be the same style and the same high quality. Regardless, the current soundtrack is great as it is.
Looks sick! Now add cross platform support 👊
POG AND STONE
*THEY WILL NEVER PIN THIS COMMENT BUT AT LEAST I WILL LET  SOMEONE READ THIS PLEASE, GRANPA DWARF THANKS YOU IN A ROCK AND STONE* THEY ADDED SOME OF MY IDEAS AS GRENADES! GREAT!  THROWABLES!!! but still I WANT TO HACK AND SLASH CONSTANTLY not THROWABLES AND PICKAXE I WANT AN ACTUAL DWARF MAGE AXES FOR WEAPONS HAMMERS AND SPELLS THE ANCIENT CLASS: REFUSES ALL TECHNOLOGY AND RELIES ON SPELLS AND WAR HAMMERS AND AXES WHAT IT BRINGS TO THE TABLE OF DRG?(ALSO ITS CLOSE RANGE AND HAS DAMAGE) RESISTANCE BUT IS WEAK TO PROJECTILES FROM ENEMIES NOT PHYSICAL COMBAT OR ACID) IT IS THE FIELD MEDIC AND THE SCORCHER, FOR MOBILITY IT HAS A MAGICAL BOOK EACH SPELL ARE THROWABLES, FIRE STORM WHICH IS LIKE INCENDIARY BUT IN SHAPE OF A METEOR DIAMOND ICE WHICH IS SPIKES AROUND THE FLOOR THAT CAUSE A MIST OF ICE WHICH FREEZES ENEMIES THUNDER STRIKE! ZAP THOSE BUGS IN A CHAIN REACTION AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST! DWARFHALLA! THE MYSTICAL DRINK DISPENSER WHICH ALL DWARVES DRINK FOR DAMAGE RESISTANCE AND BUFF FOR A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME MOBILITY IS BLINK THE ANCIENT CAN TELEPORT SHORT DISTANCES CAN BE UPGRADED FOR LONG DISTANCES BUT HAS MORE COOL DOWN WEAPONS! DWARVEN AXE HACK AND SLASH, SLOW BUT POWERFUL ARC SLASHES CAN EXPLODE UPON POWER SMASH BATTLE HAMMER SLOW BUT STUN THOSE AROUND YOU WHILE SQUISHING OTHER BUGS* SPECIAL CALLS UPON THUNDER AND SLAMS DOWN AN AOE OF LIGHTNING TWIN SCIMITARS, MEDIUM SWINGS, MEDIUM DAMAGE SPECIAL IS AIR SLASHER SLASHES THE AIR TO CREATE MAGICAL SLASHES TO SLASH OPPONENTS MID RANGE KATANA VERY FAST DPS, BECOME ONE WITH KARL DO MULTIPLE COMBOS AND LAY WASTE UPON THE RIVALS AND WILD LIFE, SPECIAL IS FINAL COMBAT IT UNLEASHES A FLURRY OF SLICES LIKE THE TWIN SCIMITARS BUT FASTER,  SECONDARY THROWING KNIVES FOR THE CLASSIC LOW DAMAGE high ammo CANNON SHOOT A CANNON AND BLOW EM UP OLD STYLE! Medium Damage Medium ammo BLUNDERBUSS WHO NEEDS ALL THAT FANCY NOISE WHEN ALL YA NEED IS ONE SHOT TO BLOW EM ALL UP! WORKS LIKE SHOTGUN, HIGH DAMAGE LOW AMMO Winchester WHO NEEDS ALL THAT NOISE WHEN YOU CAN KEEP IT CLASSY ONE SHOT ONE KILL MATES! high damage medium ammo And now for the HEAL SPELL makes a healing ring on the floor for others to recover This is on the SPECIAL slot, devs can get creative with the healing beam or heal ring or healing spell, WE NEED A MEDIC IN THE GAME AND THIS IS YOUR ANSWER PAL I DID NOT ADD ANY RECOIL BECAUSE THAT IS ON THE DEVS POINT not mine I GAVE ANOTHER RAW IDEA, get TO REFINING THIS ONE R&D  *HERE ARE SOME WORDS FROM THE ANCIENT* *WHO NEEDS TECHNOLOGY? I GOT MY ANCESTORS TO BACK ME UP* *SKULL SMASHING? DON'T MIND IF I DO* *I KEEP TO TRADITION, AND IT HAS WORKED JUST FINE FOR ME!* *ANOTHER DAY! ANOTHER BATTLE TOWARDS VALHALLA*  *others scanning ancient* *ARE YOU MY GRANDPA?* *HEY! GRANDPA! KEEP THOSE BUGS OFF OF US* *GRAND DAD? DID YOU BROUGHT THE DRINKS?* *KEEP US SAFE AND HEAL US GRANDPA!* *can you tell us bed time stories? HAHAHAA!*  *SCANNING SCOUT AS ANCIENT* *YOU SQUIRM TOO MUCH YOU REMIND ME OF MY KID* *WHAT SORCERY IS THAT GUN THAT MAKES LIGHT?* *YOU ARE A CHILD TO ME YOUNG DWARF!* *COME HERE DWARF AND GIVE GRANDPA A HUG* *Keep your chin up kid! i'll keep ya safe!*  *Ancient SCANNING GUNNER* *EVEN I CAN CARRY THAT GUN WITH TWO OF MY FINGERS* *Keep that gun steady and there won't be no accidents child!* *HEY YOU! don't Shoot these kids* *You have a rope hook, use it child* *HEY! These drinks are not for getting drunk over kid!* *Ancient Scanning Driller* *At least You can mine like a dwarf Kid* *Don't Eat Rocks For Breakfast, Just Eat Magical Gems they're more effective* *Want me to tell you my stories of how i covered wars?* *You really are something my Boy!*  *Ancient Scanning Engineer* *At Least you know how to handle yourself in battle lad!* *HEY need a drink? don't take a lot now when i deploy it alright?* *By Karl's Beard You Really need to work on those muscles my boy* *Hey! are you sure those sentry things won't shoot us?*  *THIS IS A VERY FUN CLASS AND THE JOKE HERE IS THIS CLASS BEHAVES LIKE AN OLD DWARF HE IS OLD YET HE WANTS TO HELP DRG BECAUSE HE WANTS A GOOD FIGHT* *AND HE HEARD THE DANGERS OF HOXXES WHERE WORTHY OF GIVING THIS OLD DWARF A TRUE BATTLE, FOR HIS HEART ACHES FOR CONFLICT AND HE WON'T SIT AND PERISH* *LIKE THE OTHER OLD DWARVES HE WANTS TO EXPIRE IN BATTLE, Although he may be  150 years old he STILL can do some serious damage and yes dwarves live for 250 years* *so yeah he is the oldest addition to DRG and he wants to enter and show these KIDS how a TRUE DWARF fights in the battlefield, or that's what he says, look just take care of grandpa he can get* *cranky and what not but he would not STOP bothering HQ of drg to add him to the  DRG clan and won't stop till he is added in, so let the elder in, he might even be an asset for these young dwarves!* *who knows?*   *if you ignore this you made a sad old grandpa dwarf repeat himself again, just let grandpa have his moments in hoxxes will you? R&D? just slip some tech in his weapons, he barely knows the* *difference plus it would boost morale for the young ones!*
So... Scout gets a boomerang (Really nice!) Driller gets to commit more acts of terror and warcrimes with his buzzsaws Engineer says "What's your, is mine!" as he now has Swarmers and the Gunner has the deadliest trap of them all... A Gun on a stick.  Thank you! ROCK AND STONE!!!
ROCK AND STONE  just make sure to to do it at 6 feet away
I'm honestly most looking forward to OC changes if any. I've had these potential changes floating around my head for a long time, and I have to get them out. - Bullet hell on minigun is fun as hell but also very bad in haz5 - Fix bugs surrounding plasma busters missiles  - Shield battery booster on Drak should activate at 90-95% of shield just so friendly fire doesn't ruin your day - Double barrel on Boomstick should be reworked because it's literally worse than having no OC. - Supercoolant chamber on M1000 should do way more dmg for the negatives of not being able to move while charging - Eraser on Lok-1 should do more damage based on number of targets.   Generally, I would love if more clean overclocks did more, because with few notable exceptions, the things that give like 5 more ammo in GK2 clips are too lackluster when you compare them to other OC's.
Rock and Stone
Ah yes, the COVID update
Mushroom!
Yeah !!
Hello minors
For Karl!
I’d be playing if it wasn’t for my disc reader dying before system update 10 on ps4, can’t access my cloud save because it won’t let me connect to the internet without doing the update and what already was uploaded to the cloud is 22 ranks below where I actually am, it also means I’ve lost most of the gear from season 2s battle pass and I don’t fancy spending hours looking for cargo crates just to have RNGesus not play nicely
Rock and stone, to the bone! (Also, has Deep rock considered hiring kobolds? I heard they're amazing at finding valuable minerals!)
Rock & Stone!⛏️
This 10/10 game is about to get a whole lot better
Good thing Deep Rock Galactic is caring for the environment. A happy cave makes happy dwarves. Karl would be proud.
Rock and Stoooone!
We are rich!
Heck yeah, looks awesome! Those throwable unlocks are greatly appreciated - one area of the arsenal that's been lacking for a while now! Very cool Karl, very cool.
Mission Control: This is mission control, signing off. Me: cleans gun Also me: Hey mission control, you should also lose some weigh-
Funny thing: during the new update repeatedly pinging the mushrooms in fungus bogs for the dwarves to repeatedly say “MUSHRUM” mission control will start to lose his shit
4:14 I could kiss your beards for this alone
I love you devs but I think that the promotion system needs some work, it’s usable but DRG should reward you for getting their minerals not paying more for a star next to your name. For example it should give you some credits, recourses, and overclocks, I think one over clock for bronze one and capping at 3 overclocks per promotion  promotion there are a lot of overclocks and it seems impossible to get them all without grinding for hours and hours me having 140 hours I don’t have that many overclocks, I have like 20 and 30 I haven’t made because they don’t match my builds. Also the overclocks should be matching for the class your promoting, two weapons and one cosmetic and the missions are the thing I hate most, it’s a waste of time, especially because it’s 4 missions please just get rid of this because if you have made it to level 25 that probably means you know what your doing, DRG and GSG should reward you for your playtime, this is a lot to ask but I think it makes sense. I know your busy in this update, new cave formations are a lot of work. Thank you for this amazing game!
BUFF THE GK2! ROCK AND STONE!
Support your local miners unions
could you keep this infection in the game please I love it don't remove it please also could you keep the rivel tech please I love it rock and stage
In an age of gaming where the new normal is to receive a broken, unfinished product from companies who demand you invest more time and more money into a less enjoyable experience, praise to the goliath-Chads at Ghost Ship Games, working diligently to make the best product they possibly can.  Godspeed you magnificent bastards. Rock and stone.
because of course it is
Have fun with Plague fall, Signed, A Plague Star combat responder
Stone and Rock!⛏
As  a casual gamer, thank you for putting all of the unlocked items into the regular loot pools!  Rock and stone!
Very epic
i just LOVE how consumer friendly this team is!! i will keep buying every DLC without hesitation.
Rock and Stone!
ROCK
Never thought I'd die fighting to save Hoxes
Very, very nice! Rock and Stone!
An exelent job to a perfect game, thanks uwu
Rock and pox!
Can I please *not* wear one of them safety suits? I'm not *that* rich, spent all of my credits on overclocks      yesterday...
I wonder if driller is gonna end up weaponizing it next season...
I wonder if glyphids would understand when we are saving their planet... Or they are just as stubborn as dwarves...
"This is an very unhealthy work environment"
ROCK AND STONE
Why don’t you guys ever releases the updates on the same day for all systems? Seems pretty petty when people support you on consoles too, to make them wait basically an extra two weeks is silly. It’s like why even have the game on consoles if your always going to prioritize pc and treat the rest like 2nd class.
Question for the devs, i saw one scene where one was freezing the infection and another was vacuuming it up. Is that going to be MP only? Or can you solo that type?
Are there any options for peoble with bad color perception? My friend has that and she keeps bumbing into walls and getting lost. Don't know what to do to help her...
new grenades are so cool, maybe one day, every class will obtain a melee weapon they can take instead of a primary or secondary.  id run revolver and melee every time.
This update looks awesome!!!   ROCK AND STONE BROTHER!!
more perks or change some
add emotes
I wonder if theyll show even more love to the crspr in this update, the last 2 have been nice to my favorite primary
Didn't care for S2, but this looks excellent.
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!
I like the subtle continuity.  Hostile robots from S2 are repurposed into grenades for S3
Ghost Ship Games thank you!
The virgin other game companies: *exploits its players, doesn't care about what the game is, only makes it to line their pockets* The Chad Ghost Ship Games: *makes a genuinely awesome game with boatloads of cosmetics with the vast majority being free, and cares about it's playerbase and listens to them*
Hands down one of the best dev teams in gaming, this looks so good i cant wait to play it
Best devs, best community, best game. Rock & Stone brothers!
So are we going to get weapons that clean up the infected area? It sorta looking like someone had a driller freeze gun and another person had a vacuum
We don't deserve Ghost Ship Games.
So called free thinkers when they hear a rock and stone
I'm wondering about the rivals still- pushed back... does that mean Rival Presence will be gone? just appear less frequently? what about Nemesis and Prospectors spawn rates? Data Cells?
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen X_________X feels like ive been waiting forever
IM STONEY ROCK!!!
Also cant wait to get team-killed by taking the wrong plague collecting weapon
Rock and stone brothers!
ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS
We need wave defense missions, just loot resources and build defences and just survive as long as you can to draw attention from other DRG teams
GIVE ME A ROCK AND A STONE !
Great Update but I still wished for more Assignment lvl items kinda boring when after lvl 100 is nothing
oh noooo space covid
The fact that you only need to buy the game once is insane nowaday.
So excited to see the Point Extraction changes! My favorite game type!
Rock and Stone!!!
Hello an spanish speaker here i have only one request for the drg team please call the "rockpox" "varipiedra" is the same pun but in spanish (smallpox = varicela)(stone = piedra) cheers for the update and roca y piedra
I wanted to say, thank you Ghost Ship Games for being a decent game company who cares about their players. Seeing the actual shitshow that is overwatch 2, taken over by greed, being able to play the game freely and with no FOMO is such a refreshing experience. I've already bought evey DLC for this game that is one of my favourite ever but I am more than willing to pay for every other that you'll send it my way, because you guys deserve it. Thank you again for your hard work, and all the good time I had thanks to your game. Rock and Stone.
Honestly I was waiting for something like this
Bruh this looks hella dope! Can't wait!
Damn, looks amazing
Finally, something that's a greater threat to the Hoxian ecosystem than the dwarves
I love these guys. I've participated during this Halloween event, and that mission awarded all masks from previous Halloween events along with the two new ones. No FOMO, how cool is that? Only thing i wish they'd make is a renewable mission of sorts, so there's always a mission to do, not just maps at random after i'm done with the weeklies. Great game, great developer, will surely support you guys and get these new glowy masks.
For Carl!
Rock and Stone!
looks like stranger things
SEVEN
Gunner mains in season 3: damn I’m all out of ammo. Good thing my grenades carry bullets!!
Greatest coop game I have ever played.
This is insane. Probably going to be the best season ever!!! We didn't deserve this. They just made a whole new game ontop of DRG holy shit!!!!
1:46 NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL A MAP
In Karl we trust
Please add a diggy diggy hole voiceline
I really love that gunburst grenade
ROCK AND STOOOOOONE
seems like a missed opportunity to not introduce new alien species of monsters into the game... this is basically a new environmental category for the monsters in a way...
I'm well over 1k hours in with everything unlocked yet they add more that beings me back well done I say
YOU CAN SLAP SHREDDER DORNES IN THE ASS
Rock and stone
Can’t wait
Did I hear a Rock and Stone?
...I'm guessing that one of the Season 4+ new weapons is going to utilize the Rockpox in some way, likely using a Plague Heart as the power source. Season 2 had an Ommoran Heartstone repurposed as a weapon and Season 3 has Rival Tech's Shredders repurposed as a weapon.
Roc n Ston
We're rich!
I am hype
Rock and Stone
ROCK AND STONE
Y'all are the nicest game developers 🙌🏼 rock and stone!!
I LITERALLY CAN'T YELL ROCK'N'STONE LOUD ENOUGH!
*angry dwarf noises*
RRROOOCCCKK AAANNDD SSTTOOONNEEE!!!!!!!!!
This season looks epic! I’m so happy for the updated cave generation as well!
16k likes to 100 dislikes is completely warranted. Awesome looking update as usual guys. Rock n Stone
“ It’s a grenade with a gun on it because of course it is “ 😂 😂
Rock and Stone foreverrrr
It's been really fun translating all the content of season 3, I can't wait to try it all out
GIVE GUNNER HIS CIGAR!!!
Here we go boys. See you down in the mines!
Hot damn I'm jazzed
Cool!
Gosh, I love this game
LIKE THAT! ROCK AND STONE!
This game is actually incredible thank you ghost ship for all that you're doing
Most well designed game of this decade so far. The creative and interactive design, passion and succinct vision ghost ship games has shown are surpassed by no video game company. Y'all have truly created a masterpiece.
Honestly thats how you do battlepass cosmetics instead of just throwing them away like other games you just add them to the loot pool thats top notch
I'm pretty excited for the new update and stuff but I'm a little underwhelmed. I would have liked a little more than just new grenades. Maybe new drinks or addons for flares or something of that sort.
Best dev team
POX ROCKS AND GAL STONES!
My body is ready!
If you ain’t a rock and stoner you ain’t a coming homer
Cock and stone
so its a Tyranid Hivefleet thats been infected by Poppa Nurgle and has landed on Hoxxes IV.
ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS!!
Wait were fighting the flood now?
The dates wrong it says 22 on the date at the end.
Love you guys, keep up the great work!    ROCK AND STONE!
Can't wait
I hope this game and it's community live a very long time, I love the game , been a supporter since the beginning , and this is one of the greatest communities :)
Ughhh I hate that my multiplayer hasn't worked in months I wanna play this with my friends
ah yes hoxxes killing hoxxes
What a masterpiece of a game
The only complaint I have about this dev is their seasons take so long to come,  and its fairly easy to smash through all the content even with casual play (2 hours every night, took about 2-3 weeks to take down Season 2)
looks dope
*Hype intensifies* ROCK AND STONE! ⛏
Remember, Grandfather Nurgle loves you
☝💯☠🤑☘🍀🌈🏴‍☠️🏳️‍🌈👮‍♀️👮🏿‍♀️
What a phenomenal update! Can’t wait to play! Each season gets better and better!
Holy shit, nice
This game has been made with so much love. I love this game!!
3:41 ah yes, friendly fire in a can
I LOVE SOOO MUCH THIS! loved the robots but this season looks Lit! many thanks for all the efort you put on this game, cant wait to play this season
ROCK AND STOOOOOOOOOONE
Rock and stone forever!
Rock and stone, brother!
STONE AND ROCK!
If you don't ROCK and STONE you aint commin home.
LESS BOTS MORE BUGS YES YES YES
Rock and Stone brothers
Man this game just keeps getting better and better, also why is it so hard for game publishers to replicate this level of commitment and passion for their games nowadays?
wasn´t expecting the new cave generation or meteorites. You are the best team out there, ROCK AND STONE!!
any new beer?
Bro I'm soooo pumped for this!
The new gunner grenade is actually based because it’s just a   Mini throwable gun
omg i cant wait every1 ROCK AND STONE!
Rock and stone
ROCK AND STONE BOYS!
Dwarves are marvelous little creatures, perfect for this kind of work. Management needs only to keep them in supply with enough beer, sprinkle a few cosmetic items, and they’ll back-flip into hell for you.
New beers?
Awesome update Ghostship. I hope maybe in the next update we'll see some new terrains on the planet.
Cock and Bone! I mean- er- Rock and Stone, YEEEEEAH
Very Nice 😀
YEEEES NEW CAVE SHAPES!!! ROCK AND STONE!!!
ROCK....  AAANNNDD...  STOOONNNEEEE.
STONE AND ROCK!!oh wait..
Rock and stone
Karl would be proud guys ROCK AND STONE
The forbidden water dispenser
Over a DOZEN new cave shapes? That's honestly awesome.
Dammit, this better not infect my R̸͖̓͗̋o̵̙͐̅̀c̶̜̻̆̂k̴͚͓̃ ̵͕̎̈́̓ḁ̴̧͇͑̿̓n̷̲̞͉͆ḑ̸̼͚́͆̍ ̶̻̔͘̚S̸̺̼͂̈͜t̴̝̝͑̉͊͜o̵͇̐n̴͚͝e̷̟͝s̸̜̝͕̀̂̉ , I gotta be able to cheer with my fellow dwarves
ROCK AND STONE
Take my damn money DRG
We need grenade upgrades, it would add so much to grenades other than just choosing which one to pick. Most people would just stick to one single grenade per class.
Can't wait to die to Gunner's new throwable lmao
I’ve got about ~560 hours in this game, and every goddamn minute has been a blast (pun intended). Thank you Ghost Ship. ROCK AND STONE
ROCK AND STONE GHOSTSHIP
ROCK AND STONE
I still love how NOTHING goes away and EVERYTHING can still be obtained, it’s so nice!
fooooooook yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Praying for more rock and stone voicelines 🙏
Pls add more sensitivity on console🙏🏻♥️
New cave shapes, interesting.
Can we have Driller's power drills use your armour paint?
Take notes Blizzard!
Danger? Rockpox? For sake of Karl,we are dwarves,we are unbreakable! Now! Rock...and... *revvs up Titanium Power Drills* STONE!
Yet another W to add to the endless pile of Ws served up by Ghost Ship!
rock and stone brothers
Just started playing this game and I honestly haven’t had this much fun and love for a new experience in so long thank you Ghost ship games I genuinely appreciate everything this game is
unrealistic, management does give a shot about our heath.
Jeff Dahmer hair  - 4:04
The fact that nothing goes away when the season ends is why I love Ghost Ship
Time to clean house. ROCK AND STONE!
It's so nice these days to see a good game with a good community and devs with a lot of integrity. Rock on and keep stonin my dudes!
Rock and roll and Stone!!!!
STONE AND ROCK YEAH!!!
Te quiero mucho deep rock
for a threat like this, I hope Deep Rock is investing in some ... better equipment
Peak gaming
Looks amazing! Can't wait!
Good Guy Ghost Ship eliminating the FOMO from season passes. ROCK AND STONE!
i am glad that unlike a lot of other games they dont just lock the pass items forever. you can actually unlock them by just playing the game
More evidence that ghost ship is the best dev team there is. Rock and stone.
this is actually dope
Rock and stone
If you don't rock and stone, you ain't going home. Rock and stone!
ROCK AND STONE IN THE HEART
Digging the new hazmat suits. I'm a sucker for new armor sets lol. Everything else looks horrible... I love it!!! Can't wait to fight this new threat and see what's going on myself.  ROCK AND STONE!!!
swell update <3
Deep Rock really needs to make bett- nvm
Rock & stone for life <3
Wow. Those new caves are looking epic! Rock and Stone GSG!
NEW CAVE SHAPES!
I'm ready, man! Check it out! We are the ultimate badasses! State of the badass art! You do not want to fuck with us. Check it out! Hey, Mission Control, don't worry. Me and my squad of ultimate badasses will protect you! Check it out.... Independently targeting particle-beam phalanx. WHAP! Fry half a city with this puppy. We got tactical smart missiles, phase plasma pulse rifles, inhibitor fields, C4, Flamethrowers, Auto turrets, miniguns, shotguns, breach cutters, rail guns, and grenade launchers. We got Hacker bots, Molly, Dotti, Bosco, grappling hooks, shield generators, platform guns, and electronic ball-breakers! We got nukes, we got knives, we got crossbows, sharp sticks, drills, and even pickaxes!  We're on the express elevator to Hell, going down!  Rock and Stone!!!
Devs can't stop winning
Love every single one of there seasons so far!!
Damn, this would've hit so hard during the peak of the Covid pandemic.
Never thought I'd be fighting to SAVE all life on Hoxxes.
I've been following this game's development closely ever since the Playstation versions released & these developers continue to set a gold standard for quality, polish & pro-consumer practices in gaming.   Thank you Ghost Ship Games! You deserve every bit of success & more!
I can not explain how excited I am for this.
Can't wait   Rock and Stone
DRG? Caring about the long term health of Hoxxes? Tell me I’m dreaming.
i have only had DRG for the last month or two, honestly one of the best games i've played in recent times. After reading up on all the good (and most of the time, free!) work you put into it still to make it a better game made me buy a DLC purely to support you in doing your work. Even if i get over the newness off it all and move on to other games, you guys as developers are doing a really great job. ROCK AND STONE.  (i want a melee class, now.)
I'm thinking about creating a company on my own to fight deep Rock galactic can somebody give me a name idea
343 industries forgot about the flood, so Ghostship is going to have to remind them…
Look at me, Im stoney rock!
I LOVE YOU GSG
Oh what a lovely time to be a driller to fire cleanse hoxeis of the flo- i mean the infes- i mean plague yes yes i meant plague
"And this is it"?!  This is more than we could ever dream of :D
This is so fucking awesome
I wonder if there’s any goo in those sacks.
Woooooo let's go baby!
ROCK AND STONE I fucking love this game
looking very good
Nice can't wait but I play on console and it's been barley playable because of crazy frame rate drops. I have great internet and it shouldn't matter because this happe s in solo sessions
Rock and stone
New update looks dope! Dangerous Biohazards are just more interesting to me compared to armored robots that eat all my ammo! Love you Ghost!
Karl would be proud
Deep Rock battle pass is best battle pass. I love this game :)
grenade with gun's on it for the gunner^^ I LOVE IT HAHAHA
Best game with best service model.  ROCK AND STONE.
A gun grenade. They added a **gun grenade**  god bless you devs, you come up with the best stuff imaginable. Rock and stone, to the bone!
This looks amazing, can't wait to jump into new missions with my wife. Rock and Stone! see you on Hoxxes miners.
THATS IT LADS! WE GOT BETTER EQUIPMENT
"A clear and present danger to the Hoxxian ecosystem."   I thought that was us.
This looks great! Looks like you've put a lot in for S3. My husband and I are very excited to play it! x
I’m in love with this game and the devs you just keep giving awesome content  ROCK AND STONE!
This is everything I wanted from a new season and more! ROCK AND STONE!
For Rock and Stone
Very disappointing how there is nothing new for progression, just cosmetics.
Bugs, bots, and now meteorites... HAH! AS IF THATS GONNA STOP US, ROCK AND STONE!
so fucking exitied to play this new update
*sigh*  I shall prepare my flame thrower, by the looks of it, it shall be instrumental.
Wow Nurgle is a bitch huh
Looks great guys!  You got a fantastic team and game.  DRG is one of the best games I’ve played in my long time playing games :)
The best coop game just got even better. Rock, and, Stone!
called it, love it, cant wait!
I honestly want more boss fights or mission types, but this... this is awesome stuff, I'm down for infectious meteors.
Horrifying.   I'm really going to have to find a co-op buddy now huh?
No dwarf left behind
IN SPANISH!!!
It’s a grenade with a gun on it because of course it is.
LOOKS AMAZIN!
Give me an R, give me an S, give me a ROCK AND STONE
Love this game
did NOT expect new cave shapes, loving the look of everything so far!
This is the best PvE game out there. Love you guys.
DRINK DEEP THIS PESTILENCE, MY BROTHERS. FOR THE PLAGUE GOD, AND DEATH TO THE FALSE EMPEROR!
Of course RnD wants samples. When do they not...
Should've know management had bad news when they said free dounts would now be provided to employs.
YEEAAAAHHHH ROCK AND STOOOOONNNNEEEEE!!!!
Разрабы как всегда молодцы, каждая обнова как праздник
From Deep Rock to Deep Clean, Rock and Stone Brothers!
"It's a grenade with a gun on it. Because of course it is."   I really feel like GSG knows us, you know? They get us.
IM EXCITED AF
ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS!!!
Wow!!!!
3:38 This is so damn dumb "nade" design I ever saw xD
Friends reaction: "Oh so after corona hit us irl, we get it in the game"
Im ready for papa Nurgle
A lot of you might not be feeling too well soon, but who cares.
Karl would be proud.
Driller got another torture device, engineer decided to be special smartass again, scout is still rebranding the old fashion, and gunner choose what sounded the coolest. Rock and Stone!
Rock and stone forever!
Rock and stone
FOR ROCK AND STONE
Did i hear a rock and stone!?
Would drg ever give the dwarfs special attributes, like the driller repairing faster, and the engineer hacking faster. Or the scout running faster. I'm not saying a drastic increase but a noticeable difference
FOR ROCK AND STONE (and new cosmetics)
Why should I play when I don’t even get 1 lvl per mission. Shits boring.
Its a dirty job, but SOMEONEs GOTTA DO IT!!.. love that reference to one of Faith No Mores songs 😆 However. Besides two new classes color themed orange and purple ( no tank/ healer/ melee focused ) I REALLY want to see multi way conflicts or more accurately different groups of enemies attack each other. More chaos, more danger and fun. Imagine if the darn alien trashcans returns to Hoxxes after the metroids infection? Maybe the plague will turn on our dwarf bois, the bots and the uninfected wildlife. Gotta help Hoxxes enough that its not completely unhinged!
Finally the time has come, at last I can use an medical facemask in the game as well
I love how I hate the plague larvaes moving at 2:02... Rock and Stone!
You guys should really not use "03.11.22". In North America I read "3.11" and thought that meant March 11th and just about committed not to touch this game for ages. And yes I know it says 22, but I didn't get that far in the sentence. Sure that makes me an idiot I don't care, not my problem.
If only Sony didn’t take the game away from me :/
Everything in this looks amazing! I'm happy that there's new cave shapes for all types of mission and especially Point Extraction, since that's my favorite mission type. It's a bit annoying how there's always the mine head on a large overhang so I'm excited for some more variation on everything.  Also it's dumb when people say that the planet is infested with glyphids, it's where they live, where else are they supposed to go? Now the planet is actually infested.
Rock and Stone Brotha!
This looks like a lot of fun! Cant wait!
You guys should win an award for getting compleye strangers online to work together! The most wholesome community online right now!
i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel like that this will be the most underwelming season yet... sorry but it srsly feels like it already...
Karl would approve of this
All of this is fantastic, but I'm extremely happy to hear about the new cave shapes. I was _just_ starting to get too much deja vu in that department, and hearing there'll be new obstacles has got me excited.
Looks awesome guys, I'm excited!
New toys, new mechanics, new enemies, new .... Evil Deadian body horror!!?  Love it!
I hope we finally get a blue beard color in the season rewards...
Y'all deserve the world for making one of the most legitimately simply fun games in a while.
the best part is new Point Extract caves.... I literally know all the PE caves by heart and its very lame for a game with procedural generation to feel familiar.
ROCK AND STONE
you guys are too good to your gaming community keep up the amazing work!!!
I feel betrayed...now the ROCKS are trying to kill us!
Cant wait to BONK those creeps.
I cant get over how creative the devs are with these new threats. Like the rivals, ok maybe weve seen killer robots before but a ROCK POX? Thats just wild, man. I love it
STONER ROCK!
Greatly loving your works guys. You're one of the best out here !
ROCK !  AND !  STOOOOOOOOOOOOONE !
how about some voicelines for pinging steeve that isn't just a ping for a hostile?
God the concept of a lithophage is so cool and yet so terrifying, literally a rock virus which devours the stones around us and hijacks the local wildlife  If not for Deep Rock Galactic, Hoxxes would quite possibly be doomed, and the rival faction might accidentally bring that virus back to it's makers and doom them and anyone else whom has interacted with them
Hey is that new digging mode on the plane rocks a mission type or a bonus event
When does the DRG cinematic universe get revealed?
Love it.
I love deeprockgalactic
Fantastic work as always! Rock and stone!
I bloody love this video game
Does the 100 new levels of the Performance path mean I will lose my current level (as in reset it to zero) ?
Can't wait for the new update
cool
Drillers can finally use something other than the axe. Gunners are gonna get a nad that dosnt kill the team Scouts are still gonna run ifg And engi gets the cool stuff like always.
DRG never disappoints. Right lads I'll see yall at the bar.
Holy shit we get Viscera Cleanup Detail now? When will we get Power Wash Simulator?
Hell yeah! I cannot wait!
Those grenades are awesome.
rock and stone
Are we getting a pay increase for doing this new work?
Sweeet
Rock and stone!!!
karl is going to love this!
Rock and Stone!
This game has me reconsider buying PS+ again so i can play it.  Rock and stone fellow miners!
I can't believe space is throwing giant rocks and stones at us!
I just caught a sinus infection a few days ago, so this reveal trailer hits close to home.
narrator sounds a lot of kruggsmash, the dwarven fortress youtuber
Briljant game
We're rich!
Holy hell guys!!! I'm so excited for this stuff!!!  ROCK AND STONE YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARDS!!!
Rock and stone
you can tell this is a game built with the emphasis on fun
I'm honestly most excited for the new cave shapes ngl
Already? Damn!
"what is it? more rivals?"  "worse."
IM SO EXCITED
This looks great! I hope we get to see some new mission types like Industrial Sabotage where maybe we fight a huge infected version of a dreadnaught or something else!
Aw man now we have janitorial duty
I love you Ghost Ship Games you're my favourite game developer and publisher
ROCK AND STONE!!!!!!!!! i love it that u added some new stuff to the cave gen, much appreciated <3
People talkin about how the loot pools are in the crates and all, but I'm just hopin that Nemesis and the rival content is still gonna be somewhat available, given the opening statement "the rivals have been pushed back for the moment."
YESS new caves!!
when are we getting actual good content instead of cosmetics, 4 grenades and meme voice lines?
Heave Ho, for Rock and Stone!
ROCK AND ROLLING STONE
ROCK AND STOO-O-ONE!
Can't wait to add buzz saws to my Driller warcrime build... Already got chemical warfare, radiation, excessive explosives, and now literally Saw style boobytraps.
Sees cool new infected l aesthetic: "Yes!" Sees new mission type: "YES!" Sees new throwables: *"YES!"*
Man this new last of us game is looking crazy
That's it lads! Rock and Stone! 🤜🤛
"Rock Pox"? Genius! ROCK & STONE!
This is exactly how live service games should be made. Honestly, I'm baffled this isn't filled to the brim with lootboxes and FOMO. Especially with the old items being added to the regular loot pool, it makes a completionist like me happy, even after being forced to take a break from the game for a year. Keep doing what you're doing, GSG, because you're doing it right <3
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
When is the Karl update coming? :(
IF YOU DON’T ROCK AND STONE
OMG you can slap your pet drones that is so adorable
I like how drg makes season rewards into regular loot pools
Whats going to happen to season 1 and 2 gameplay content. Like the game modes and mishon events.
Did I hear a Rock and Stone?
AWESOME!
ROCK AND STONE.  Thank you Ghost Ship for such a fantastic and consumer friendly game in this day of greedy companies!
Look's awesome, I can't wait!
yesyesyeysesyeyseysyeseysyeyeyeyseyesyesyesyeyseyes
New beers? We want new beers !!!!!
I'm just glad rivals is over.
Seems like the crisper is gonna get an unintended buff
"It's a grenade...with a gun on it.  Because of course it is."  I kinda get the impression the DRG folks know what they're doing with their brand at this point, huh?
it would be cool if dreadnoughts could sometimes spawn as a plagued version on corrupted areas
Will the care taker, nemesis, prospector still be in the game?
STONER, ROCK!    wait, that's not right
Rock and Stones from Argentina!
For Karl!
So when does it come out for xbox
YOU ARE AWESOME !!!!
Give me a rock and stone!
MY BEARD IS READY
How could this game get any more fun
Rock and Stone!!!
These devs are the definition of the chad meme
This is the best game of all time hands down the GOAT
I wish more games did the season loot like DRG does. Play to unlock it more easily and with assured unlock progression. Then when the next season comes around the previous seasons goodies good into loot pools that sure will take more random chance to find but it encourage more play time to find those random spawn loot events in your missions and makes finding them continued treat when you get one rather then a convenient source of crafting material.
so excited for S3!
I always get so excited to see what's coming next! I can tell you really love what you make, and you care about the community around it. Thanks for making new and exciting content to keep your game feeling fresh and new! Rock and stone!
Rock?
Dwarves, aliens, AND zombie apocalypse!? In one game!? I love you Ghost Ship Games!
"I hate this damn planet!"
Rock and stone until it is done.
Can't wait for the new update!
Looking dank
Rock and stone🪨⛏
"So you can't run Darktide, well we're here for you with an update hehe!"
underwhelming kinda. wish they added more toys atleast or maybe new armors that isn't paid dlcs for players to unlock.
The loot not going away just moving to crates is so good, this is what makes ghost ship awesome. We really apreciate it
CARL WOULD BE PROUD!
Rockpox’d dreadnaught…
love you guys at GSG and love your game so very much
I love the themed season format because in a way, at least so far with the robots, these optional challenges sprinkled throughout missions add new levels of difficulty to the game as well as new content. its an ingenious solution to the constant requests for haz 6 when the current game values wouldnt really make haz 6 and up possible. My friends and I comfortably play haz 5 for most missions but there is always strategizing and discussions had between us whenever we choose to take on extra challenges because they pose unique threats that are very build and teamwork oriented and they can end up tilting the nitra economy out of your favor or even mission fail you. I loved how different and hard industrial sabotage is because after playing so much hazard 5, it was fun to have a mission that took several failed attempts and, at times, felt impossible. the feeling of taking the caretaker down with my friends was made so much sweeter.
New caves \o/
Will robots disappear now? (at least rival presence warning?)
ROCK AND STONE!
Rock and stone!
Engineer grenade seems interesting, a viable alternative.  The Scout is questionable, since most scouts are either solo-brained fools who use what's effectively a driller's R for a limited-ammo grenade, or tryhards who can actually land and utilize an IFG. There are also some noobs(speaking from experience), who think that pheromones are useful. Next to that - a guaranteed 9-hit CC is kind of an in-betweener. I won't take it over an IFG, it's mandatory for M1000 and for serious content. But maybe more noobs could have fun and I'll see less scouts desperately trying to freeze stuff right as I R at it on a Driller. Gunner's grenade seems like less single target burst and more area denial, which is definitely better than the default cluster, which is wonky af. And the Driller is a hard, hard pass. Just like the Scout needs IFG for M1000 - so does the Driller need the Axe. And you don't play Driller without Cryo. Not unless you want to do content. And even without Cryo - the Axe is just the most valuable source of burst damage.  Now if it was some kind of... driller bot, that you throw and that drills into things, piercing armor or bypassing it - it could be a tool for drillers who can't just Axe frozen things. It could be a solution for pickles of various sizes for drillers, who can't really burn or corrode them effectively, and who maybe don't carry a single-target oriented secondary. Or if it was ANOTHER way to terraform, because you can't have too many - I'd be up for it. But placing a wonky toy that does what your left click does - no, thanks.
Rock and stone
I don't think I've been this excited since season 1, this is gonna be so cool! ROCK AND STONE!!
i will use some bad words : this patch efing slaps good job dwarfvelopers!!!!!! (cheers from greece)
Awesome update. Please bring new stuff to the shop. My Phazyonite is stacking up and I can't buy anything because I already bought out the shop one year ago :D
Just hope the game updates will keep going, all the updates are very promising now, which are so rare these days.
Just when you think the game couldn't be more epic, you devs are really amazing! I'm so damn hyped for this new season.
STONE
Brother   GET THE GROKDRUL  ok but in all seriousness I’m pumped for this season and the fact that you can see the comet from the space rig is just awesome. I have been wondering though, there have been rumors about an entire new section of the space rig being added in the future and I would love to see a laboratory studying the infection or a spec ops control room for rival stuff.   Also, when the meteorites crash down to the  caves, will there be giant holes in the ceiling where they came in?  You guys have really outdone yourselves with this keep it up!
The flood is coming. The earth beneath us is shifting. Our arsenal is expanding.  And our guns are loaded.  ROCK. AND. STONE!!!!
Why do they keep giving us drillers the worst gear? The wave gun is the only somewhat decent thing we've gotten. Honestly, I'm probably going to use the new throwable as much as I use the sludge pump.
Love you drg team! great voice as usual robert
Overwatch: 40$ for 1 skin and 25$ battle pass  Drg: Everything is free but 5$ cosmetic dlc
3/11/22? But that was... Oh, right. European date order.
How the hell are people leaving comments from 2 days ago when this video has only existed for 4 hours?
Thank you!
Absolutely love this game, yet another slam dunk update.
A need me more beers!
Every comment is positive, love it
Best devs we have to date, listens to the community, doesn’t make season items limited time by throwing it into the loot pool, packs that can be purchased with money are purely cosmetic so no game breaking pay to win, teach these Triple A Devs how it’s done!
FOR KARL
For Karl!
Great intro to the next season. Looks intense and fun. Can't wait. Rock and Stone ⛏️🔥🔥🔥
this game would be perfect for a warhammer cross over
✊🍺
.....Its Mining time !
Time to kick this plague where it hurts lads!!  ROCK AND STONE!
HELLS YEAH I guess this is the right time to come back to Hoxxess!
This looks so badass!!!
Very excited for this update. ROCK AND STONE
Rock and stone! Can't wait for the update!
Rock and Stone!
V
this game is a true gem
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
Literally the best co op game to ever exist
yeah, danger to the ecosystem, more like more disturbence in our mining missions(which we cant allow)
Rock and fuckin Stone.
This new update looks fantastic. I'm excited to see more from it and find out what new things are introduced.
Looks awesome!  For the next update i think there should be some humanoid enemy, such as ZOMBIE DWARVES "Miners, your predecessors have been overcome by the sickness, we need you to go back and cleanse the area"
That Tactical Leadburster is glorious
i love you gsg
So its basically a good version of Rainbow six extraction as an update on a game I already love.  Beautiful.
ROCK  AND  STONE!!!
no armors anymore, i quit
Will the Rivals still be present to a degree in season 3? I really enjoy this added content and hope they will still pop up from time to time.
More rocks and stones to our pleasure!
Much better than I was expecting! Rock and fucking stone!
awesome
I love you Ghost Ship Games
Rock and stone!
leave no dwarf behind!!
This Studio is one of the most talented studio we have the chance to have.
Rock and stone brothers, can't wait to play the new season!
NEW CAVE STRUCTURES!!!!! and also of course all the other shit that is insane and epic
Rock and Stone Brothers! -A goblin pretending to be a Dwarf under all that heavy Driller/Gunner Armor
zanny will LOOOOOOOOVE this
Lambent looking mf, y'all need to add a chainsaw like auto-rifle
Why do consoles/Microsoft get the update 2 weeks after Steam does? 😭
Can i get a ryzen 5 5600g
Rock and Stone!
That guy at mission control, he really has a cozy job!
This is incredible! ROCK AND STONE!!!   But what about the driller new grenade? Or new equipment?
i think i speak for everyone when i say this update is perfect and there is not a single part of it we do not want For mates, For darkness, and For making it back alive. Rock and stone!
I am so excited!! Can we please get more black and textured hair and beards?
FOR CARL!
You are an inspiration.
So cool. Rock and Stone!
Man i remember when i asked for a sort of infection season... this is it, i can't believe it's so early too! i lowkey expected other themes before this, but here we are! Can't wait to see it in person.  ROCK AND STONE!!!!
Looks like a great season. My only worry is that as they add more and more seasons the loot pool for cargo crates will get wider and wider. Perhaps an option to choose which season of content you get from a crate would help.
This really rockities my stones.
ROCK AND STONE
So incredibly excited!! No other game has kept my attention like this one. ROCK AND STONE, YEEEEAAHHH
Rock and Stone!
ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS
I liked that part where he said "Its rockandstoning time" and then totally rockandstone'd all over those other guys
Ty for very consumer friendly model. Will definitely be getting the cosmetic pack. I always do even if I don't use all the items
Hey you can’t destroy the planet, that’s my job 😡
Extraordinary!
NEW CAVE GENERATION!! ROCK AND STONE!!!!
Let’s get cracking boys
If you aint rock n stone, you aint comin home!
“This is what’s eating Hoxxes”…..  but….Aren’t “we the bad guys”?
Rock and stone yeeeeeeaaaahhhhhhh
You guys should add a unique way to get past season cosmetics, cuz crates & such are already really full.
Now THIS is the kind of shit I'm into
As a guy with 1500 hours clocked, I'm definetely glad to see more cave shapes.
ROCK AND STONE is the new amen
Anyone played the experimental? Gk2 got buffed to he'll there. Dunno if they will keep those changes
Rock and stone!!!
the Covid update
what kind of leaf lover would even want to drink water
oh my god, i need it!  hope we get more dynamic events like the meteoroids crashing in the future.
NEW ENEMIES!!!!!!!!!!!! PLS PLS PLS PLS
Rock and Stone
"Nothing goes away"    here's my like
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
ROCK SICK
Can't wait to hear the new voice lines for cleaning infections
This is legit one of the best games i've ever played in years, such a gem that i discovered this year, congrats to the devs. ROCK AND STONE BROTHER!
While I do hate those glyphits, I hate this plague even more Rock and stone!
ROCK AND STONE
I love the idea that we’re fighting on hoxxes’ behalf here. Obviously DRG wants to keep its mines open and profitable but it seems like we’re really helping clean up something that’s threatening to eat Hoxxes from within
Hoxxes has a protomolecule problem
Best. Devs. Ever
Does the SST deal melee damage?? I hope so, having a source of melee damage on Engi that isn't just the pickaxe would be amazing!
Certified Rick and stone
More content gud
If you don't rock and stone you ain't coming home!
this is looking to be my favorite season yet. i love your game and you are incredible devs. rock and stone
When is season 3 going to release?
Dang, keep it coming. So much good stuff here!
your mission should you choose to accept it
For Rock and Stone!!!
karl would approve of this.
Love the shredder
The devs at Ghost Ship take good care of us.
BY THE BEARD
Rock and stone like there’s no tomorrow!
So wats the release date
Can't wait, this looks awesome.
LETS ROCK N STONE BOYOS!
Love the game, just wish it had crossplay
ROCK! AND Sto...Infested stone?!
The fact that Ghost Ship are adding the pass items to the base game is a testament to how much they care about their players
rock and stone, brothers!
I have two questions: Does this mean we're losing Rival Presence modifiers, or will they simply be more rare? Is there an option to reduce the quality of bug incineration/freezing/melting, or can those effects be optimized further?
I freaking love this game.
WHEN IS THIS COMING OUT I CAN'T WAIT  I am not trapped on this plant with a lot of bugs you are all trapped in here with me -TF2 soldier if he was in this game
ROCK AND STONE
That gona by fucking nice !!! 😁
ROCK & STONE
Wait, mission control aren't we the second most dangerous thing to the environment after the rockpox, my friend was talking about how the mining of minerals on hoxxes could destabilize the ecosystem please advise what I should do with this realization
I'm glad we've moved past the robots this time.  As nice as it was to see all of those new enemies and missions, going over two seasons was a lot.  Everything here looks great.
The new "MILSPEC" weapon frameworks are the BEST! I LOVE EM!
We just want more perks man 😔
I want to make a new beer with this plague thing
So for this season DRG has become a horror game ? Nice.
Rock 'n' stone!
I'm gonna need a towel
FOR KARL!
HYPE
New danger on the hoxxess. Hmmmmmm i like it
Our narrator is loosing his grip on what management sounds like, lol.
That mission control He's a fancy job
Can't wait to put my hands on the new season ☺️🥰
What a good game.
"it's a grenade, with a gun on it, because of course it is" I love DRG
Rock and Stone
Jesus Christ am I excited
Rock and Stone!
Rock and stone, brother !
I'm curious as to how the whole decontamination process will work for anyone on solo missions. Like will we get the disinfectant and vacuum in one gun, or will Bosco carry something on board for himself?
You bless us
Looks great! Hopefully we can get cross play soon
ROCK AND STONE!
I love everything about this game.
I did not expect the rippers to deal that much damage, and it says “impact damage”, which is the same thing the axes use to proc vampire if I’m not mistaken. We may have a new melee type tool, though less versatile than the axes, these seem to clear grunt swarms far quicker then any of Driller’s primary or secondary weapons, even face melter. Though satchels still exist, but those got me killed quite a lot.
I wanted some new guns too but i am not disappointed. rock and stone gentelman.
Rock and stone brothers !
Rock and stone!
Still love how drg doesnt force you to play the game for a certain cosmetic in a season.
so we've been promoted to Hoxxes dermatologists now, okay, but where's my raise?
Impressive update as always! Rock and Stone!! 🚀
Im actually pretty excited for the cave shapes. Just as the video mentions. Point extraction is actually really predictable once you've played a few dozen missions. And since its a favorite mission type to speedrun, it doesn't take a whole lot of time before you start seeing the patterns.
Rock and stone!
I said this last time about the season change but God you guys a re great dev's instead of  reasonably putting the seasonal stuff behind a pay wall at the end you through it in the random lot which is great.
the grandfather’s gifts!
FAKARL!!!
"ROCK AND- EUGH what in carls name did i just step in?"
Absolutely outdoing yourselves as usual, thanks for literally being the best devs ever!
Rock and stone!
Big props on the new cave templates, that's been needed for a long time. A very welcome addition in my opinion.
Rock and stone brothers
Guys at ghost ship, I love you beautiful dwarves! Keep up the good work.. Now.. Back to mine..
Best developer
I love this game😁
ROCK AND STONE!
ROCK N STONE !!
it almost sound like "minors" instead of miners
Rock and Stone minors
Over 2000 hours on this master piece.
Rock and stone brothers!
Love it but i have to point out that at the end it says that season comes out 3.11.22 which has already passed. No biggy but some people may complain.
Shrimp and barby
The new siphilis enemy looks great
Another ghost ship games W
ROCK AND STONE !
Rock and Stone
Oh, so after plundering the planet without care for anything lese but DRG profit, now we're defending the portentail profi- threat to the ecosystem. How altruistic !
You know it's gonna be an amazing season when even mission control sounds a bit excited at the end.
I FUCKING LOVE DRG!!!!!!!!!!
cave gen update on top of a new season hell yea ROCK & STONE
ROCK
IF YOU DONT GET IN THE TRIANGULATION ZONE, YOU AINT COMING HOME
See, THIS is why I will purchase every DLC pack these guys come out with. You guys have done it again Ghost Ship Games, ROCK AND STONE!
I'm VERY excited for this! The love and care in this game is amazing! The Rock Pox seems much more fun than I expected! The new weapon blueprints look like an absolute blast to use! (Which is good beacuse I really want one for my hurricane rocket launcher, since getting the glyphid versions is hard). I can't wait to dive into all this season has to offer! Rock and stone!
Rock and stone!!
V
The leagues of voltan would like to know your location
Rock and Stone brothers
FOR KARL !!! ⛏   by the way, it would be amazing to have a leaderboard in the spaceship to see whos got the most mining and ennemies killed ! (because people be fast levelling and cheating so the blue lvl doesn’t mean anything anymore 🥺)
Hell yea. Rock and Stone!
YASSSSSS
ROCK. AND. STONE!
PE CAVE SHAPES!! LETS FOOKING GOOOOOOOOOO!!!
FOR KARL!!
Rock n stone
I love the look of this season!
This looks awesome guys. Thank you!
Consoles are 2 weeks later...
rock and stone
Are we Goodies?
Nurgle has come
The flood but STONE
Rock and STONE
Rock and Stone
Sooo excited! Leave no dwarf behind!
I expected a lot but you guys exceeded it by a mile! Rock and Stone you beautiful devs!
rock and stone >:)
Deep Rock seriously need to invest in some new beers.
They just don't miss. Don't they?
Does anyone  know if Nemesis can still spawn?
Oh boy. Hazard pay should be increased because of this.
Rock and stone
Karl would proud of these devs.
ROCK AND STONE!
ROCK AND STONE LADS, we be the pest control
I hate nature
appreciate the free updates, I'd buy the cosmetics just to support them if I had the money
I look forward to new things, but not looking forward to extra crawlies. (I am someone that avoids the parasite maps)
Its funny to hear that an unknown deseas is a theat to hocksesIV ecosystem when dwarfs literaly burning exploding shooting etc. everything. ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS
far more excited than should be regular
The only battle pass and cosmetic system I enjoy , ROCK AMD STONE 🪨⛏️
We can now slap Swamer drones, epic 🦐
Rock and Stone Brothers!
VERY ROCK AND STONE UPDATE!!!
Looks cool and all and I’m happy for more mechanics and items but could you maybe add more enemy variety? Ist just 4-legged spiders in different variants. In all missions, every time…
Stock and Rone.
It looks sooo good! The plague looks, uh, plageuy. I like that grenades have expadned to throwables, really good variety! And new cave shapes bless. Thank you GSG team!
Karl would be proud.
2:32 I really like the focus on teamwork in clearing up the plague, it's not just 4 tools that do the same job. One turns it into a soapy muck, another sucks it up.
CRSPR Drillers after this: *Happy Pyromaniac Noises*
ROCK AND STONE MINERS!
It's almost as beautiful as Karl!
Unfathomably based GSG
I love this game and I love you devs!
"Guess this is not the water dispenser" 😁😁
It's a grenade with a gun on it, because of course it is. A truly ingenious design.
Te quiero mucho Deep Rock
Rock and Stone Brothers
You guys are the best!
gotta unlock fast!
Rock and Stone! Can’t wait for this another amazing update from Ghost Ship Games!! ⛏⛏⛏⛏
This game never ceases to amaze me
Rock and stone my brothers. Rock and stone
Rock and stone!
RRROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
This was inspired by Covid, wasn't it.
Rock n stone
I swear it is impossible for these game devs to make bad decisions. Everything they’ve done to the game has only been to it’s benefit. Rock and stone!
ROCK AND STONE! YEEEEAAAAA!
Fantastic work they've really outdone themselves with this one. Genuinely excited to get in on this
So excited for the new season! This looks awesome!  Please keep up the amazing job you all are doing.  ROCK AND STONE!!!
Rock and stone ! It never gets old
Love you guys so very much. Was hoping you'd put this on a list somewhere. New beer idea: Beer turns you into a random item and you can play hide and go seek (prop hunt) on the space rig.
Sick!
My PS4 took a s*** on me and haven't been able to play Deep Rock since the middle of season 2. Very upset
Best game. rock and stone!!!!
I was hoping for some biological weapon frameworks, like the ones you see in warframe that almost look alive but other than that holy shit does it look amazing
If you don't rock and stone, you ain't coming home!
let’s go!!!!! rock and stone!!
A round of gliphid slammers for everyone one, its slammin time  YEAAAAAAA  Pretty excited for this one. The new threat, the new random event, the new performance pass, and most of all, new cave generation. The teasers for the new threat were fun to speculate on, and a decent amount of people hit the nail on the head pretty early. The performance pass is one of the best "pass" implementations I've seen, probably just because its free, but its also full of stuff that I want. I'll have to grind out some more of the season 2 pass in the coming days so I can get that sweet sweet scrip. I hope we get more cave generation stuff in future updates as well, because despite being mentioned as a quality of life change in passing in this trailer, its a huge deal. Cave generation single handedly can increase replayability, though the game does have a lot of that already. I look forward to seeing the new cave structures melded with the old.
Rock and Stone brothers
This ROCKS!!
let's gooo! :D
rock and stone!
Rock and Stone brothers!!
This is gonna be a SICK new season! (no pun intended)
I, for one welcome our new Nurgle overlords! Rock and Stone!
Rock!!..And!!!...Stone!!!!
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!!!!!! Im really looking forward to this season
For rock and stone
Aww, look at DRG, caring about the ecosystem fo once.
Rock! And! Stone!
Its beautiful
MC: "You can expect to see dozens of new cave shapes on my missions now..."  Me: _intrigued hmm_  MC: "...with a special emphasis on point extraction."  Me: _annoyed groan_
For Karl
This is what happens when you dip your gunk seeds in liquid morkite
YAYAYAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!
Thanks for your job!
Everything sound so awesome!  New cosmetics look badass, I can't wait to buy, unlock and combine them with some other other paintjobs from dlc's  P.S. Rock aaaaaand Stoooone!!!
I'm so hyped! I can't consider myself and expert or veteran but I played the game for almost 400 hours and started in Season 1. I think all additions presented on this teaser will make the game even better, new things made from mechanics we are already used to in a way that makes it new, engaging and interesting. Congratulations, Ghost Ship Games, I'm very excited to play this new season. To all Greenbeards and all Graybeards, Rock and Stone!
Can’t wait to play this and check out those new grenades! Thank you for making this amazing game.
I was hoping for a new "Impact Site" biome, expecting this to be a smaller object. However the hazard seems to take hold enough that it converts a biome into it's own which is just as good.
For Karl !!!
This is fucking rad, rock and stone
This game is so ridiculously good in this day and age. They are doing everything right and it is so much fun to play this solo, with your mates or with random people on the internet. It's like the only game that is actually enjoyable to play with people you dont know. Hats off and I salute you Ghost Ship Games. <3
Incredible
As a Stellaris and State of Decay 2 player, I am very excited.
Companies like EA/Dice need to take down notes. THIS is how you do Seasons and updates. ♥  Love the work you guys pump into this game, GSG! Rock and Stone!
How does this game keep getting better? This looks awesome.
I swear this is the only game I rewatch trailers for
are the robots still around though?
Like disasters but very different
Rock and Stone! Of course i'm equipping the gun grenade, along with the minigun and BRT7 for maximum bullets!
I'M DOING MY PART
Wow wow wow wow... wow
Rocking and Stoning as usual Ghost Ship Games!
4:29 finally . point extraction one of my least favorite mission type . would you guys also improve egg hunt ? (they are my second least favourite)
Those plagueheart spikes look horrifying. I love it! Can't wait to see what kind of new caves we can as well.
Rock & Stone !
Absolute chad DRG devs back at it again
V
Achoo
For rock and stone
ROCK. AND. FRAGGIN. STOOOOOOOOooooooooNE
Rock and Stone!
Let's hope management gives us a raise for dealing with this mess.  ROCK AND STONE
Alex Jones was right... I don't want them putting Lithophage in the water to turn the freaking glyphids gay
Oh yha
The rewards are looking clean this season 👌🏻 And good to hear about the cave formations. PE especially has been left behind with only a few sets.
lmao management pretending to care about the ecosystem is cute
Bring it, These bugs will need to work overtime if they want to kill me! ROCK AND STONE!
Purge the unclean!!!
ROCK AND STONE LADS
This seriously looks fun as hell, I'm glad a new season is here I'm ready for it!
Thank you for not making stuff temporary. I was deployed for the majority of season 2 because of the Ruzzian threat. All across Europe but most stations had horrible wifi and it was always far too busy. Now I'm barley catching up, only two more tabs of unlocks. Thanks for the Wurstbeer mugs, definitely helped ke catch up.
You guys are too good to us.
For once Deep Rock actually cares about Hoxxes' environment
Rock solid!
amazing
So I'm wondering how the decontamination tools will work in single player
So long as you guys keep not removing the old seasonal cosmetics, I'll continue to buy everything you guys put out. You're my favourite game developer by a massive margin. Keep up the good work. Rock and Stone!
Absolutely gargantuan W
ROCK AND STONE!!!
1:15 which bonus ?
ROCK. AND. STOOOOOOONE!
yeet
"Rivals have pushed back" TWO caretakers on map: "Just exist"
Улей "Бегемот" приближается
Thank you for another amazing season!!!
Its like were being briefed on our next mission. I love it!
Rock and stone!  I freaking love Mission Control voice.
I love this game and everything it stands for. Dwarves! Let us clean our work enviroment! ROCK AND STONE!!!
I love the crazed yet professional energy of the narrator, having a grenade as a gun, because "of course it is"
I just cant imagine such large amount of in-game content is free of charge
your updates are great, as always. i am stone hard
There’s destiny 2’s lightfall, now DRG has plaguefall
Rock and Stone, Brothers!
Rock and stone !
Looks great!  Coming back to DRG now there are more unlocks 😊 You even got the date the right way around...
It's always: where's that damn mule  And never:  *HOW'S* that damn mule
Rock & stone !!!
What a horrible disease, able to infect NONLIVING minerals as easily as flesh and bone. Burn it out! Clean, healthy Rock and Stone!
Such a consistently good game. Well done Ghost Ship.
GWG - Thank you for being the beacon of good gaming. Crazy value for the money, great entertainment, great game. I will continue to buy cosmetic DLCs as you release them to keep supporting your efforts.
The flood 👀👀  This update looks fantastic guys, great work 😁
"Anything you have yet to unlock will be added to ordinary loot pools in the game"  That's actually really awesome
"The Rivals have been pushed for a Moment"? Pls nobody wants any Rivals anymore. We need new Bioms and Dreads, and especially solutions for all the Perks points or rebalancing older weapons.
Cock and stone!
Rock and stone! Lithophage be damned!
When there's something plague in the neigborhood Who you gonn' Karl?
That's it lads, ROCK AND STONE!
Covid got so out of hand it's even reached Hoxxes in one form or another.
It’s a good day to be a driller main
Love you guys at gsg!
Best CoOp game ever! ROCK AND STONE!
"Anything you've yet to unlock will be added to the ordinary loot pools, nothing goes away" These devs are just the best.
ROCK AND STONE MINERS!!
So we're starting to treat the bugs like family, and trying to take long-term care of them now  I'm pretty sure there's a quote from the dwarves to quit when they feel like family lol
This looks awesome!!! Rock and Sotne!!!
Rocky rock an stone
First it was necrons, now it’s nurgle. The squats got there work cut out for them. Rock and stone!
this looks so amazing
god... this game just keeps getting better and better. :D
GUNNER MAINS UNITE 🔫🔫🔫
Karl forbid! You mistake where the water dispenser is!
Coolio
Console 2 weeks later zzzZZZzzz
Rock and Stone!!!!!!❤❤
Dog bless GSG
Yippee new hair colour and caves!
hmm, was really hoping for a new mission type, like the rare Industrial Sabotage mission type. But this looks meaty none-the-less. just hope I don't get frustrated with having to constantly deal with the biome-wide Lithophage outbreak mutation... that sounds like it could get tiresome to deal with quickly while trying to do seasonal challenges
Rock and Stone brothers!
Having spent years indiscriminately exterminating the local wildlife... to now... almost feeling sorry for them.  Almost.
I LOVE how Ghost Ship Games reject the use of toxic and exploiting mechanics like FOMO. "Everything that was in this season, goes in the regular loot table, nothing is lost". Please never change this attitude <3
If you don't rock and stone you ain't goin home
"OK, guess this is not the water dispenser"  Driller: it wasn't water?
Thanks for the brief, Control. I’ll be sure to keep my eyes open from now on.
We seriously do not deserve this game...
I love how they add any loot you didn't get from the pass to the loot pool. More games should do something like this.
"Nothing goes away" - you have no idea how good that makes me feel even if Im gonna grind for the loot anyway as fast as I can. Im sick and tired of this FOMO sh*t other companies enjoy so much
Rock and Stone!
that's it Lads. ROCK AND STONE, TO THE BONE
Oh, so now mission control is concerned about the eco-system?
This is the most excited I've been for anything in a LONG time! Thank you Ghost Ship, Rock and Stone!
Looking great, GSG, can't wait! Rock and stone to the bone!
Rock and stone
Damn I'm so excited!
DID I HEAR A ROCK AND STONE?
The new customize elements look cool and the asteroid event looks interesting too. Can't wait to try it out. Devs did a great job again, well done guys, thx
"It's a dirty job, but someone's gotta do it" Mike Rowe?
Amazing gameplay inclusion, incredible dedication. But where the hell did the corporate speech go? I thought we were fighting and mining for a corrupted capitalistic galactic mega-corporation, not for more "noble goals". I also thought we were to "work" with stupidly outdated and near-breaking equipment, not "brand new devices". I'm afraid you're really throwing the artistic direction of this game through the window. We were meant to be oppressed in the Marxist sense of oppression, and with each update passing by I feel we're drifting away from this.  It's a small detail that could easily be changed with a few tweaks in the scripts you write for dialogues. No additional resources or efforts. Please bring back that feeling of injustice!
Miners ! Duty calls!
This is why I love the devs: 4:13
This is so badass...
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Is it weird one of the most hype features for me is the new cave shapes? I love more variety! I hope the past season additions like data deposits and rival presence missions stay in the game too!
Absolute Karls working at Ghostship here.
I feel bad for the Glyphids for having to experience that infection tbh.
Awesome, very hyped for this! ROCK AND STONE! ♥
Rock & Stone!
Оh no. This plague is going to eat rock and stone!?
4:15 is the prime example of a battle pass done right
New stuff looks so fun. And I’ll always be thankful for how you guys avoid the FOMO that usually comes with battle passes. I’m still gonna try and get everything before the end, but I don’t have to worry if I don’t. The most I’ll be missing out on is the extra creds and minerals.
YYYYYEEESS!! You have Gone above and beyond this time! You guys must have worked your SOX off to get this done! Thank you so much..  and NO MOAR ANNOYING ROBOTS!! WHOOHOOOO!! READY TO LIGHT THIS SHT UP!!
Hype levels overwhelming ⛏✊
By the beard I'm excited! You guys are Hoxing legends!
Rock and Stone, to the Bone!
!!!!!!!!!
Oh hell yes
Yet another huge Deep Rock Galactic W  P.S. Rock and Stone
ROCK AND STONE
IS IT NOVEMBER 3RD ALREADY?!
Tell me GSG are the best videogame developers without telling me GSG are the best videogame developers
It's a dirty job but someone's gotta do it 👷‍♂️👨‍🏭👷‍♀️👩‍🏭
November 3 2022?
yes
ROCK AND STOOOOOOOOOONE!
What they have shown is literally everything ive ever wanted  I almost cried at the new armors, mentions about rock formations or grenades
Take my money
Awesome, but please don't nerf the new enemies to oblivion and beyond like the Nemesis.
Rock *burp* AND *burp* STONE *burp*
That guy in mission control, he really has a cozy job.
Amazing, can't wait to play drg again
incredible work as always, im absolutely gonna get that comsetic dlc, just to support u beautiful dwarves
Do we get new music ?
The only game that matters
Sweet lord I love this game!
ROCK AND STONE
CAN. NOT. WAIT.  ROCK AND STONE! ⛏💎
"No mention of Shrimps or Barbies"  Thanks for thinking of us Aussies! :>
"Okay, guess this is not the water dispenser."  You can't stop us from drinking the plague juice DRG.
Love this game
Holy Shit its the millispec framework, I wanted those since the concept arts.
Rock and stone! ✊⛏️
ROCK AND STONE! NEW CAVE SHAPES, THANK YOU! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Hoxxes maybe be a disgusting pile of rocks,bugs,robots and minerals. BUT IT’S OUR PILE OF ROCKS,BUGS ROBOTS AND MINERALS.   AND NO LITTLE PARASITE IS GONNA TAKE IT FROM US! ROCK AND STONE!!!
Hoxxes had gotten an infection and we are the cure
This season looks insane, this is gonna be the best yet!!! ROCK AND STONE!!!⛏⛏⛏
Cool
Sniss is creaming rn
This is sick
ROCK AND STONE!!
The addition of new cave shapes is an unexpected yet very welcome update to the game ! This dev team is amazing !
Has anyone noted that almost ALL the viewers of this vid have dropped a LIKE... never EVER seen that! Speaks volumes about this game and the folk that enjoy it, I salute the lot of ya! ROCK and STONE!!! 💯🖖👍😊
ROCK  AND  STOOOOOOONE
Words cannot describe how amazing yall are!! Rock and stone!!
WHERE IS THE BREATHER HAT I'VE BEEN PESTERING ABOUT SMH
DRG Season 3: The Wynncraft update!
ROCK AND ROLL AND STONE
LETS GOO
Rock and stone brothers!
FOR KARL
when im done with drg, im starting my own bloody mine. show em how its done
A lithophage. Because of course the only kind of plague a death world would need to worry about is one that could literally infect solid rock.
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
ROCK AND STONE!
"Dodge this" yep looks like the gun grenade (gunade?) would even hit an Agent
BEST DEVELOPERS IN THE INDUSTRY ROCK AND STONEEEE
Can't wait! Thanks ghostship!
"...and the Gunner gets the Tactical Leadburster. It's a grenade with a gun on it. Because of course it is." Management needs more credit for these kinds of quips in their presentations, that cracked me tf up for the sheer silliness of it. Another awesome update for one of the most awesome games out there, Ghost Ship!
Fuckin dope the new throws look sick!!
THERE IS GOO IN THE SACK
ROCK AND STONE TO THE HEART
Corona Run, Here I come.
10/10 Скала да камень!!!
Good god the rockpox looks absolutely disgusting and I absolutely cannot wait to punch it in the face.
Yeee take my money this game rocks it’s shits all over halo infinite and destiny 2
Man you guys NEVER disappoint! ROCK AND STONE!
My favorite game never disappoints with new content, definitely buying the new cosmetic pack as thanks!
that meteor aoe is big lmao
Rock and Stone! ✊
New caves yeeeeaaahhh!
ROCK AND ROLL IN STONE
sorta wanted new enemies but the new cave types are very welcome
Best devs in the world. Love you guys <3
ROCK AND STONE!
I’m pogging for new cave shapes
Another banger
Was hoping we'd get some planet surface environments :( , sad Death Corps of Krieg boi.
C'mon everyone we won't let some dumb pox take over our Hoxxes!
Last one to Rock and Stone is a Pointy-Eared Leaf Lover!
It's actually absurd how competent the devs are.  A real beacon of hope in a barren wasteland of greedy, bug ridden garbage games from "AAA" companies.  My lord.
Rock and Stone!
Rock and Stone Brothers
ROCK *BURP* AND *BELCH* STONE!! *BURP*
New OST?
Big W game
ngl new cave gen is big news for me
Would love cave diving and archeology digging. Can we get something to spend our collected stuff at high levels when there is nothing left?
YYYYEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHH!!
Looks good, hopefully there has been some investigation and work on the plague of crash bugs (typically, and very annoyingly at the end of missions & dives) that have been manifesting since the release of Season 2.  A bit disappointed that so much effort is put into the Season with little in the way of patching to address performance/bullet blocking issues with the new disintegration animation, and these crashes. (possibly all related, who knows?)
Wait till Great Unclean One shows up
ROCK ANS STONE!!!!
Rock & Stone
Rock and stone!!
hell yeah lets go. ROCK AND STONE. (buff every weapon and gadget by around 25% please)
Awesome update
Nemesis and Lithophage  Imagine that
For those about to rock and stone
What a dwarven feast you've prepared for us!  AND new cave shapes?!  I'm in heaven :D  GSG, you all rock, and stone! This trailer got me even more excited now. Cannot wait for S03!
ROCK AND STONE
Dwarfs together strong 💪
Have you tried planting some gherkin shucks? They do wonders for the cave.
WOOO ROCK AND STONE YEAH.
ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE ROCK AND STONE
This looks awesome. Rock and Stone!
Yeeeeeeeees I love it 😀 😍 ❤️ ♥️ 💕 💖 😀 😍 ❤️ ♥️
A weird plague that is incredibly lethal and changes the surrounding environment? This is almost like whenever the Death guard shows up. Only this time our body isn't rapidly decaying and we aren't vomiting out our intestines.  Yet.
Omg what a fantastic update, i like your creative ideas, great!  Rock and stone brothers
Look's great! Rock and Stone!
so now we will bring *those* monster on space rig god damn mission control
I hope you know that DeepRockGalactic has the best developers. The top notch content, for free, without loosing any of the previous content is the most correct thing ive seen in a long time. If i can support you in any way please let me know. You deserve more than we can give. Im in tears even though dwarves dont cry. Rock and Stone brothers. Youre doing everything right. Maybe bring out a DLC with concept art? Id love to buy it and decorate everything with it. <3 Take care and stay hydrated.
it was the elves. i bet ya.
100% Certified DRG moment  ROCK AND STONE!
YES
bro this game keeps getting better and better
"Season 02 is coming to an end, so now ithe time to get mining if you still have anything you are dying to unlock right away. That said - don't fret, anything you've yet to unlock will simply be added to the ordinary loot pools in the game - nothing goes away."  You guys rock! I wished more devs did this!
YO these throwables look fantastic
Can't wait to fight the rock i recently mined
ROCK AND STONE ❤❤❤❤👍👍
Rock and Stone
Rock and Stone!
*Deep Rock Galactic has been closed due to covid 19*
THEY BUFFED GK2 LETS GO BOYS
ROCK AND STONE
ROKE AND STONE YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
This is the most exciting thing since the best wurst beer!
Ok, guess this isn't the water dispenser
I like that each of the plague cleaning tools has their own role like you can't just freeze everything without the vacuum guy to suck it all up. gonna hunker down and finish off this season's pass and then take a break preping for season 3
Very nice looking update but we really need new bugs
ROCK AND STOOOOONE
Rock and stone lads!
every game company: "oh you didn't get all your stuff, to bad you cant get it after the event gess you need to spend money even tho you spend 20$ to unlock the abttle pass"  ghost ship games  "you didn't got everything? don't worry you can get it in the normal loot pools as always, also the pass is free and easily done in a few evenings of play time. Also get all this new stuff without any DLC or loot boxes."
We've evolved from collecting eggs and glowing rocks to collecting glowing egg rocks
Rock and Stone
Looks like us miners have a LOT of work to do, cat wait to get to work and clear hoxxess of this CRAP. Rock and stone!
Pp and poo poo
MUSHROOM!
Here is a scary thought, what if a dwarf gets infected?
Ewwwwww... I love it :)
What would other races chant be? Crystals and gems sounds like a good gnomish one.
Best devs ever!!
Ive been super burned out with this game for the last year or so but this looks neat! Will def give it a go again
Reminds me of outbreak from siege, can't wait
ROCK AND STONE!
WE´RE RICH !!!
It's going to be sooo good! Rock and Stone!
This, AND a beer? What more can you wish for?!
FUCKING AWESOME I LOVE YOU GUYS ROCK AND STONE
This is neat!! Unsafe, but neat!
"Dont get lost now" Me a driller: imagine getting lost
Looks like the chinese virus is finally coming to Hoxxes
Rock and stone
2:34 closed caption: **angry dwarf noises**
Time to save our planet boys!  ROCK AND STONE!!
gernade with a gun on it classic now for the gun with a gun on it
looks a lot more fun that robots ! and new caves shapes ! woohoo ! noice
Me when the horrible work conditions get even worst :-)
This looks amazing! Gimme gimme naow!
Honestly ghost ship games are the best devs ever
ROCK. AND. STONE!!
Rock and stone
one of the best co-op games since left4dead2   ROCK AND STONE
Yeah Rock and Subscribe!!!
This is pretty cool. A little disappointed that the plague maps arent their own unique region (which makes me worry we wont see them anymore come season 4), also a little worried we dont see new unique bugs announced instead of just infected variants of existing ones but im still hopeful. Either way i cant wait to get mining and revisiting the beauty of Hoxxes IV once more
This update looks sick eh?
Hype is on boysssss
Damn, the boomerang looks like worthless trash.
Absolutely wonderful
Now this is what I call "game as a service". And the best part is, that it is free. This should be the standard! Great work!
ROCK AND STONE!!!
We're rich!
Rock and stone
КАМЕНЬ И КАМЕНЬ!!!
Hmm hmm hmm.. Free content.. hmm hmm hmmmmmmmmmmmmmhmmmhmhm
Rock and stone! looks like another doozy of an update. Love how the devs genuinely love and listen to their community keep up the ace work guys!
Timed it for Halloween, huh? Not a bad shout.
God dammit the 17/11.. will be so LONG TO WAIT !!
love this game
Keep up the great work! What a perfect game! ROCK AND STONE!
Is that a new weapon framework? It looks amazing!!!
So ugh, that infected Dread in the loading screen section is just for artwork reasons?
I just love how it literally feels like a management meeting for future work to do.
The fact that this company puts out all this content free of charge to people who have already purchased the game is mindblowing, then you look at blizzard who release a new overwatch game which is basically the same game as the first, and they leach of ths players but forcing in microtransactions and battlepasses...
Best game developers i have ever seen. Thank you for keeping it FREE!
AYYYYYY new Point Extraction Caves! Legit one of the more exiting things about the update.  I wonder what will happen to the Rival events, will the just be much rarer than normal? only have a chance to occur in Rival presence missions? Gone forever? I'd like it is they were just significantly rarer, with Rival Presence missions having them spawn at their current at their old rate. the Rival Presence modifyer itself being much less common as well.
New cave shapes! 😀
this fuckin rules, but i cant wait to start fighting the REAL disease (elves)
ROCK AND STONE!!!!! I literally love the devs of this game - they never miss with an update!
the new weapons are cool at least
Missed out on the entire last season due to my console being pissed on
GSG, this season is looking incredible. The new mechanics, equipment, and enemies relating to the infection look like they'll bring a ton of new experiences to the missions, and I'm personally really excited about more cave formations. Thank you as always for continuing to support the game! Rock and stone!
Give me.. GIVE ME ! GIVE ME !! GIVE ME !!! GIVE ME !!!!
I will eat the plauge
Oh yes IT’S ON!!! Rock and Stone!!!
FUCK YEEEES LETS GOOOO
4:30 YES!
GSG does Nurgle better than Fatshark
So why does the drillers nade have 145 dmg while the scouts boomerang does like, 30 per bounce plus some shock
ROCK AND STONE!
Was für ein tolles Game 👌🏻 Es wird immer größer 😎😃
A rogue comet? A stone-pox? Is this an alliance between skaven and Ku'gath to get rid off space dwarfs?
YEEEEES!
ROCK. AND. STOOOONNNNEEE!
Banger season coming up
Rock and stone miners!
can't wait for it! rock and stone!
Man, i like the grenade explanation for the gunner, perfect! ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!
Rock and stone!!
Raise your pick and raise your voice!
ROCK AND STONE MISSION CONTROL! 💚
We are now space cleaners ! ROCK AND STONE !
They think it’s naptime! We’ll show em naptime.
ROCKKKKK AND STONEEEEE!!!!
very niiiice
Never watched a video at premiere before. UNTIL NOW.
and this stone plague will not disappear after the start of the new season, that is, will missions remain with this danger or not?
Looking forward to it. ROCK AND STONE
Stone!
Ežzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I always love these narrated trailers! perfect in-universe briefing of what's upcoming
You guys never disappoint!
Giving my Rock and Stone to does infected bugs.
Max cave complexity missions are going to be an absolute blast once again!
Can't wait
Very cool
There are no words. Wow
NEW CAVE SHAPES AAA NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE
2:52 FOR THE LOVE OF KARL, MODDERS ! I NEED A MJÖLNIR SKIN FOR THAT GRENADE !!!
Hell yeah, Wrath of the Dwarb King is here.
New environment hostilities rock and stone
I'm so glad that the devs can make all of this cool new stuff and not charge extra for anything (except the cosmetic packs but I think they're an excellent compromise/way of getting income to keep things running)
Ite ima be honest it's underwhelming but I'm most exited about the new cave generation it's just a big breath of fresh air
Very good :з
I can’t wait to study these specimens with r’n’d ahaha rock and stone miners!may Karl be with you all!
I can't wait! Y'all have done such a brilliant job with this game! ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE! ⛏
Great as always 😁
Amazing!!
ROCK AND STONE
I love how creative this game is.
Rock and stone brother
What? A new hair color and it's not red? I'm shocked!!!
WE'RE RICH
Getting even more variety with this update. Hoxxes is really coming to life with Season 3
AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE! 😁
updating the cave generation is always appreciated, hopefully some of the older biomes get some love so they can match up with the level of detail of the new ones
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!
Amazing job! 🤩
Rock And Stone Brothers!
Unbelievable
So much freaking hyyyypee!!
ROCK AND STONE!
Rock and stone!
This looks so good
I JUST thought "hm, any news for s3?" and BOOM, livestream!
DID YOU BORROW MY UNDERWEAR?!
dwussy
KOK AND STONE ❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
Rockpox! Brace yourselves, this is no shooting manner!
If we had dwarves in 2020, Covid would have been a writeoff.
​ROCK AND STONE ⛏⛏⛏
WE'RE RICH! Cant wait for season 3!
Stone. 🗿
❤
We heard you hate aliens so we added some aliens to your aliens
ROCK AND STONE FOREVER!!!
WERE RICH
1 hour left, wish us luck fellow dwarves.
i want skinned grenades
69mins away, nice.
Contact! We've got 4, wait 6, no, 12... A lot of aliens headed your way!
Just hit rank 100 in both season and overall level, rock and stone!
Hypedddd but also...on console so ye..
Will management send us on a suicide-type mission again?
Bring on a new class for season 4!
Rock and Stone!
For karl!
My body is ready  ( ͡≖ ͜ʖ ͡≖)
If you don't rock and stone, you ain't coming home! Thank you, Ghostship, big fan
FOR KARL!!!
Rock and Stone!!!
OOOOOOOOO NICE!
Did I hear a rock and stone???  I'm off tomorrow too LETS GOOOOOOO
this one’s for KARL
Oh damn can’t wait rock and stone to the bone!!
to quote count dooku:  "i've been looking forward to this"
Can I get A rock and stone?
Rock! And! Stone!
Rock And Stone!
Kursite infection 2 electric boogaloo
Let's get to bashing bugs! As well as these Ebonuts!
digital cybernetics no time to wink digital anarchy haha
I can’t wait to get space herpes
ROCK AND STONE!
“It’s a ugly planet, a BUG Planet” The late nights I had with my buddies after a long day at work to swap pop culture lines and just have a blast is unreal. Love how far this game has come. By far one of the greatest video games companies out there.
I eat rocks for breakfast
F in the chat for the Rivals
may Karl bring us more of what we need, whatever it is
ROCK AND STONE
Rock and stone in the heart!
Rock and stone!
ROCK AND STOOOOONE!
Only danger and darkness awaits 😁
Stone and Rock!
As per the new massive leaks:  We're getting a retextured praetorian and retextured grunts that barely even appear in game. The infected dread art teased is just for art reasons. Patrol bots getting a bit more fire resistance and industrial sabotage going to deep dives.   "Sorry for Season 2 being a letdown, we're busy making Season 3 which will have no robots and will be spectacular"  DRG has peaked as of S1, game is just getting shitty updates now. Season 3 a year in development my fuckin ass
THE KARL IS REAL
Did I hear a rock and stone?
STONE
Rock and stone
4 am 4 AM
just joined the game again and already moving on to a new season nice
Stone
How insanely awesome would it be to fight sci-fi goblins in DRG?
Rock'n'Roll and Stone!
Cant wait to get back in and making content again! Love this game so much... ROCK AND STONE!!!
Such an amazingly awesome game thank you Ghost Ship Games. Rock and Stone
Rock and stone miners
Cant wait!! Love this game!
ROCK AND STONE LADS!
Rock * burp * and * burp * stone! * burp *
STONE AND ROCK oh wait 😂
The game is developing too slowly
YYYYEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHH MAH NEW WARCRIME IS COMIN OUT
THAT DAMN ROCKPOX CRASHED THE BLOODY OKTOBERFEST MUG SHIP METHINKS!
Maybe managmet finaly provide us some better equipment. :)
My body is ready.
Let us all drink our beers and toast to the rock and stone
stock and rone
Rock and stone
Can't believe the sex update is finally here
ROCK AND STONE LADS
YEEEEEES
WERE RICH!!!
Rock and stone forever!
Nurgle invades Hoxxes 4
That time gap between PC and console sucks. I look forward to it!
Look at me! I’m stoney rock!
_FOR KARL!✨_
Attention miners, we are reporting  unknown objects coming to hoxxes, your duty is to go our there and clean out this mess, beaware, the infection is increasing so expects new parasitic aliens, any unknown biological form are to be exterminated. But don´t worry R and D have been working hard on new cleaning tools that will surely come in handy. Rock and stone miners!
Hell yeah
Stone
will test server be available when this drops?
SO VERY EXCITED! Can't wait to watch it!  ROCK AND STONE! 💰⛏🍻
ROCK AND STONE!!!!!!!!
STONE AND ROCK!OH WAIT!
Cheers to the best ongoing game devs out there! Got in due to sir swags video back in February and even bought everything on the board game’s Kickstarter! I love you guys so much thank you for making one of the best video games in the world!
ROCK AND STONE
I wonder which bugs can carry the infection... we've seen grunts, but what about Praetorians? Acid spitters, Tri-jaws, Q'ronars or even... *Plague Bulk Detonator?*
Rock and stone miners! I’m hyped, seriously
Stone
Did I hear a rock and stone?
cant wait
Karl would approve! 🪨⛏️
ROCK AND STONE!!!!!!!!
Cafeteria anyone?
Oh yeaaaah time to dump 30 more hours into this game sonny jim
YEAH ROCK AND STONE
Rock & Stone!  YYYEEEEEAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH
ROCK N STONE
I am ready. Bring on THE PLAGUE! RELEASE THE MIASMA!
w
We are not trapped in a cavern full of vicious alien spiders, brothers  Vicious alien spiders are trapped in a cavern with US.  ROCK AND STONE!
WE LOVE YOU GHOST SHIP GAMES, KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, ROCK N STONE 4EVER
Hopefully management invested in some  better gear
Let's cleanse Hoxxes from the filth of chaos
ROCK AND STONE LADS!
this season is going to be very ROCK AND STONE BROTHERS
i hope they add some more food drinks.. the hotdog one was so funny
more loadout saves
The Tyranids have invaded the world of DRG!
funny spider rock game i love
May your beards be thick, and your gold satchels heavy, miners!
ROCK. AND. STONEEEEEEE!!
R&S
i'm from the future, 45 hours from now. i can confirm that Driller has been arrested for violating the Geneva convention and is no longer playable
Rock and Stone Everyone! ⛰⛏⛏
Rock and Cock!
ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE! Super hype for the update, lads!
45 hours of straight gaming until season 3 is released let's go
Looks like we got ourselves a demonic incursion, lads.
So , we getting some bio weapons for the lads this season ? Yes?
"Hello Minners,and welcome to the Season 3 of Deep Rock Galactic: Plaguefall"
Will there ever be any new armor sets that are not from dlc?
ROCK!! AND!! STONE!! 🍻⛏
YES!! I can't wait to see what ghost ship has created!
Rock and Stone to the Bone !!!!!!
Having played in months hopefully this makes me wanna go back in
YEESSS
I can’t wait!  Also I hope we get the keys to the bathroom finally!
Lesgooooooo seasone 3 rock and stoneeeeeeeeeee
Mega Jostkiy Baldej
ROCK AND STONE LET FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
loving this
Rock and stone Brothers!
FOR KARL, AND ALSO BEER!
You can't just leave this here and make me wait. You can't. You can't.   AHHHHHHHHHHH!  JK but love the game!
For mates for darkness and for making it back alive
FOR KAAARRRRL
Galaxy’s Finest!
Rock and Stone, you beautiful dwarves!
Rock and Stone my dwarfs
DID I HEAR A ROCK AND STONE?oh man,I can't wait
STONE!
If you dont rock and stone you aint coming home!
Praying for more rock and stone voicelines 🙏
Rone and Stock!
Rock and stone
