Thank you to the Bonnie Bee Brigade for making this video possible: cgpgrey.com/bonnie
I've only found this channel a few weeks ago and I am drinking from the firehose.  Thank you for the content.
covid really was a long period of our lives when we were actually experiencing it. now that it’s over, i almost can’t believe that this really happened to us.
This is the one thing I miss about the pandemic
It's like those fake vids where they pretend the city is empty, but actually real.
It’s amazing that English people actually took lockdown seriously. Wish we did
Gosh I love Grey so much as a person.
This is really nice!   While I don't miss the pandemic at all, I do miss the calmness of my city during spring 2020 and early summer that years. While we didn't have enforced lockdowns in my country, people took it serious and the streets were mostly empty. I remember riding on public transport with 2 persons on a 1300 capacity subway in the mornings, the quietness of the empty stations only broken by pre-recorded messages from the speakers about the dangers of human contact. It was quite surreal, like a post apocalyptic movie.
Does anyone know where I can find Grey's exact itinerary? I live rather close by and wonder if he's posted it anywhere - it would be cool to take the exact same path as he did !
beautiful
london looks so cool
this makes me wanna go outside and use my electric scooter i got long ago :)
Sir Spikey wings, cool😌
I hope you were wearing a helmet
It is weird to see some of the trees changing colors, it is a reality check for me. Some places have seasons!
Darn, I missed visiting Barad Dur on my trip to London.
you should do a compare and contrast with London today !  it was so busy at Hyde Park Corner today that I couldn't even cycle out of the park - i had to push my bicycle through the crowds of people !
This video remiended me of "Cycling in an Foreignersless Tokyo" Covid gave me the best moments of my life, seeing Tokyo without foreigners was a bless. Now its all ruined again...
interesting when you got to Greenwich.  Just like the US.  Big cities, no people, rural, lots of people.
It's hard to believe the entire world was this way for multiple months, if I was an alien I would wonder if humanity had gone extinct. I can imagine animals and plants did much better without our presence all the time, perhaps mitigating their innate fear of us slightly. All the wind and rain we missed, the trees we didn't see, the roads and paths we didn't use. It's surreal.
I had no idea lockdown looked like this.
This video is so calming
I want to thank you for capturing the most magical moments of the pandemic lockdown-- in particular, that inexpressible feeling of touring a familiar landscape, strangely devoid of cars, pedestrians, and other traffic. The loneliness makes me want to sob, because I was there. I remember trying the freeways in those times: it was sparse and strange, and I hope we will never see the likes of it again. Nonetheless, that vast emptiness was deeply transcendent, in its way, and the sentimentality of it is hard to forget, or replicate. I know I'll struggle with that feeling for the rest of my life. I can do nothing but hope that future generations will find avenues to understand the deep and unspoken ways in which this time affected everyone who lived through it.
If you need any more evidence for the dystopian nature of what the world has become than the fact that a grown man in a major city can utter the phrase "allowed outdoor exercise" without a trace of irony, there is something deeply wrong with you.
What city is that
saving this video in my favorites so that when little kids grow up and I tell the that everything stopped, I can prove it to them.
Honestly really surreal experience, i did the same in my city just on a skateboard
The market visit made me so anxious for past Grey's wellbeing. Those tables were RIGHT next to each other! I got so itchy and wanted to scream, "we're in the middle of a pandemic!" even more than a year after this time. My 3 yr old son just got fully vaccinated this week (his last shot was two weeks ago) so it sort of feels less panicky now.....but man, knowing that you were in the past made me so freaked out, still
That restaurant with the bubble spheres is always packed now that lockdown is over such a beautiful restaurant and i would highly recommend doing a speedboat thing across the Thames just such a great place for a lot
Why does he sound like veritasium kind of
7:17 you missed the bike ramp dear sir
Watching this a year and a half later and I had almost forgotten that there was a large part of the population that were scared to leave their houses for fear of the virus while there were many of us who continued on with their lives, willing to take the risk of living.  Such a strange time. Sad that there are still people scared to live their lives even now.   I was very sad for Grey as I watched.
What boggles my mind the most is, that people actually seem to stay inside in london.  In germany all the streets where still full of people. You know... fewer people, bit still busy
nice
Wish I was in a city or place where doing something like during the pandemic could show a lesson like this. It is wonder, even from someone who usually lives in small populated areas.
Even in unscripted speech his sentences are satisfyingly poetic.
similarly I love walking around town when there is a big enough snowstorm to shut everything down. The emptiness is neat
I got to bike through the middle of downtown Pittsburgh at 3 in the morning and it was wonderful nobody in sight and got to see the very beginnings of a sunrise at the point
the oxymoronic beauty which comes from global catastrophe
It's a crime that they did this to a city because of a mild sniffles... The economic damages must have been egregious.
Most Replayed: *Grey yeets self off bike and embarrassingly sniffs KNOWING the internet will giggle forever more*
How fascinating. London looks very beautiful. Have no idea what it's like to have lived the lockdown life though. Worked as a cashier through the whole pandemic so no lockdowns for me.
11:25, love the details such as Barad-Dûr
Grey, what's the thing around your neck with the green glowy light?
Beautiful
Its 2022 now. I always watch and always will watch these videos documenting the height of lockdown.  Never forget. A disease, and the mind disease of government nearly took away our lives and our rights simultaneously. Don't let whatever spec of freedom you have left go.  Enough is enough
I’m sad that this is nostalgic
I realise now that I inadvertently followed Greys advice. As lockdown was lifting I did indeed visit the tower.
With the blinking light on his collar and the fog it looks like he's planning a heist to open the Sierra Madre Casino.
This is close to Hyde park!!
You know, I wonder how serious the pandemic was, because it being so dangerous, you’d think the homeless population in the open drug scenes in California would have died off in droves, a lot of them being drug users, and generally malnourished.  But skid row is still going fine, heck it’s expanded.  Idk, maybe that’s a “inside thought” that shouldn’t be broached.
If you're the right kind of person.. You and I are the right kind of people. As bad as the pandemic was in full swing and still is for some, During the lockdowns, when I had to travel, the world was so peaceful, so pleasant, the wildlife began to return, the industrial pollutants dropped and I think, for a time gave humanity a look at what the world could be if we slowed down a bit and made some changes for a better environment, a better climate and better stewardship of the world and ourselves.  It was tranquil and serene and truly pleasant to get up in the morning and walk outside and just be if you put all the dangerous civilization disrupting and frightening virus to the side, the planet was much better off with humans sidelined for a while. I hope that we are smart enough to take that into account now. That we are smart enough to say hey, maybe we should have that better world back, without all the death and carnage...   I know, its a dream, so much has gone back the way it was, but for a time, there was a collective exhale and rediscovery... and I am going to miss that. Thank you for taking us with you through London on this tour, Its truly a magickal place, I think many places are, but if the hustle and bustle could be torqued back a bit, maybe we'd all realize that.
This is exactly like an old video game. Large sections of cities and landscapes empty and then people all congregated in markets and villages
Is grey wearing a dog collar ?
what a ride!
i feel like grey is the perfect example of what a human should be lmao
This video represents a moment of utopia .. a dream city .. nice weather, trees, vegetation, and lakes with white birds .. no noises. no pollution .. no crowdedness .. seeing this lovely mix of beautiful buildings and nature fills me with peace.
This is how it was in New York City too. Super eerie biking around an empty Manhattan. Felt very "I Am Legend".
man its so incredible seeing such tightly packed streets, imagining people living and working in all those buildings. all of them have their own lives and stories its amazing. i wish i could crawl in and out of all their windows and explore every little detail of the city but last time i did that i was asked not to come back to the united kingdom
Why is that swan white swans are black
That place isn't really called Barad-ar-dur (sp?) is it?
wow, places actually look much better without humans
3:05 That is an AWESOME Honda S2000!!!
3:42 "Sir Spiky Wings" !!!!!!!
I would do this every day
I love looking back at videos during the pandemic. people like grey made me laugh. I have a lowered immune system and still went out. and when I did contract Corona, I kept my lifestyle normal. *I didn't go around people when sick.* Even though I felt like I was dying I'd exercise and drink lots of water and take vitamin supplements. guess what I never contracted pneumonia like some of the people I knew who were forced to stay lying down in their hospital beds to die.
Missed the QTE at 4:29
I was considered an essential employee. I remember the roads being empty on my way to work. Every police car i saw i was so scared i was going to get pulled over even though i had my essential letter. So glad things are kind of back to normal
This singular perspective of this time of plague should be perserved and assessable to posterity!Thank you for your sortie!
It’s pathetic that population locked them selves up like that, so sheepish some are.
You were alone and still wearing a mask?
I kind of miss the solitude, I live in a tourist city, it's all crowded now
London during the lockdown was an amazing place to be able to explore like this was a real pleasure thanks for sharing  Like
I took a vacation to London a few weeks ago, and I saw the tunnel at the southern tip of the docklands! Unfortunately, I didn't have time to cross under it. Now that I'm home, I wish I would have.
Thank you for reporting on the crime of the century.
It's just so surreal seeing a big city being so empty, that'd NEVER happen except for our little pandemic incident.
@13:45 the cargo barged probably go to the Walbrook Wharf, you can walk by and see the area but it isnt particularly noteworthy. Glad to see some less touristy places in London I used to visit!
London as showed by Grey: A beautiful place everyone wants to live in. London as showed by Jay Foreman: No, it's better to wait 'till they fix this city.
Criminal  I hope this serves as a reminder of the insanity that was imposed against free people of not just London but the entire world
Welcome to the backroads
CGP Grey is a national treasure.
very pritty
Watching this in May 2022, I have to say that we all lived the "I Am Legend" experience. Thanks, Grey.
I don't exactly know why, but this video touched something in me. I feel happy and sad at the same time, a strange sort of longing and regret of seeing a moment in time I'll never see. Strange. Thanks.
So sad to know that people actually chose to live like this.   Thank you for documenting this for everyone to remember.
"Ethereal solitude" - what a lovely combination of words
Damn, I wish I wasn't a nocturnal hermit during this time. Missed out on a once in a lifetime experience.
Beginning looks like you’re the last man on earth 😂 Also the background music is too loud. I’m having to turn up to hear you speak-then down when music is on.
"Allowed outdoor exercise" 😂🤣😂
Does anyone know what the thing with the green light on his neck is?
Does anybody know what app is Grey using for navigation? Is it apple maps or something like that? It looks nice
Dude if you switch covid for the boogie man this is a really funny story.
It is very interesting watching this and hearing the way you talk about the pandemic  I live in the m i d d l e of n o w h e r e and its a very tight nit community and we never got covid, never even wore masks  It’s just interesting hearing your perspective living in a large city
Reminds me of the 27 days later movie at the beginning of this adventure
It's interesting to see how different things are around the world. I'm in Australia, Queensland to be more specific, far north Queensland more specifically. Looking at London even as things are opening up from the lockdown, London is still more dead in this vid than my town was in Queensland was during the hardest peak of our lockdown. I think we got lucky here that towns are so spread out and the population density overall is low here, which will quickly lul you into a somewhat false sense of security.    Anyway, I'm sorry to hear about how misses Grey has a much higher risk than normal. It's interesting to see a perspective of someone who actually has a large personal risk to contend with during this ordeal    Also side note later in the vid the populations that I'm seeing are a bit closer to what I'd expect (though, I suspect that for such a large city, that these numbers are still very low.)
I plan on making 2023 the year I start travelling again. I'll have around ten COVID vaccinations by then, and I'll still mask up, but I'm sorry, three years of lockdowns will be *enough*, I'm already starting to crack in weird ways right now.
What bike do you have?
Looks like you have an anklebrace as a collar 😂
The stillness and emptiness of London is something I wish i could go back to as it made me feel so different, This video makes me happy and remeber the memories I made in Lockdown
Beautiful video.
