Did you think Pogacar would win the Tour de France before the time trial?
The best was Sean Kelly during Stage 20 saying that he could see Roglic riding better and Pogacar was struggling.  Great assessment.
I was sad to see TDM & WVA faces..
very confusing too many races, why am I seeing film of cyclocross while Dan Loydd is rapping on in a confusing maner about so many different races
POGAČAR & ROGLIČ  ARE THE BEST..Both are somehow cycle ""WIZZZZARDS"" AND Both are BORN & RAISED IN SLOVENIA👑 LIKE  "sLOVEenia" ❤💪👍✌
Hello,   on the last Tour 2020 we saw a big victory for Pogačar right in the last stage of the competition. Considering Roglič's abilities in the chronometer and on the ascents, there was a big difference between them. So the question come to me, how does nervousness affect muscle tissue at such a high level? After all, my hypothesis is that if Roglič had not been under such pressure and desire at the same time, his time would have been more favorable compared to Pogačar. Can you please investigate this hypothesis?
Say what you want, but Pogacar GAVE IT to Roglic.😳
The answer is No.  Two good riders put on a good show.  Either could have won.  Not an upset; a contest.
No mention of Marc Hirchi....a second, third and a stage win hmmm
I have to say I smell a rat with this year's tour.
lol.  little wound for a handy man.
Gotta get me a Lazer helmet, such a good fit 😂😂
A bitter pill that leaves a sour taste eh?
Lemons and Fignon was the biggest upset in TDF history ... this was the second ... 😊👍
Great job Dan during the tour for GCN.. so cool how far you and the Channel have come.. love that you stayed true to your roots though with rubbish race predictions!   :-0    It's all change!!
I wanted to see Greg LeMond race the tour at 19. He tore up all USA riders and the entire Russian Team at the Coors Classic. Making Greg wait was crazy. He also wasted 3 years pushing bernard up hills as his domestic and geting 2nd himself. An unleashed Greg would have won those 3 as well.
All these poor boys and girls... super human athletes wearing those masks. So sad to see! :-(
Did nobody notice that the subtitles claim that Pikachu won the Tour?
One of the fastest tours. Suspect riders... Doping
Seeing Rogliz on the floor staring into space was one of the most heartbreaking sights I’ve seen , I felt so sorry for him. He was one of the first to congratulate Pogacar which is the sign of a true sportsman
Crazy time trial!!!!!
When pointing out thew magnificent race of Richie Port, you really have to mention the reason why he wen't on that podium. If it wasn't for the World Champion, the Danish rider Mads Pedersen, he properly wouldn't have made it to Paris? It was Mads who drew him to victory, by watching over him, so he just needed to ride he's bike behind Mads all the way, and he did. Cheers from Denmark
I really enjoyed viewing this video, great content and very well presented
Do you believe they are clean? Come on! It was one of the worst tdf ever
Slovenia RULEZ Cycling now!
What W/KG did Pogacar ride going up the La Planche Des Belles Filles? Are those figures available in the net?
That was a good stage
Yes I saw the 89 TDF and that was a bigger shock only because that was the first time a rider in the TDF lost his lead in a time trial at the end of the race.  But then again what did you expect would happen in this the year of 2020.
The biggest upset .. really .what about last year 14 days yellow lost it after they stop the race not even give the man a chance to finish
My heart breaks for him. Always next year.....
Pogacar played it perfectly, he let Jumbo Visma do all the work while he sat on the wheel as much as he could, and he had the extra energy to pull this off on the time trial.  Brilliant!
Deadly coverage throughout the Tour!! Chapeau
UAE CEO's record smells like Armstrong Miracle. I hope that this fairy tale won't end into a nightmare in the future.
What was up with Roglics Helmut. Did it matter.
also, last year's champion dropped out of the tour... quite disappointing..
Did anyone notice that Pogacar rode this famous stage without his cycle computer, check the handlebars after he finished - incredible talent.
Imagine how Roglic feels right now.....    It wasn't as if he didn't have a huge time buffer up his sleeve to accommodate being a bit off his expected pace.  It would be just so staggeringly disappointing for him.  I would imagine he is feeling all the emotions suggested, and that is the dark side of sport - being right at the top creates expectations which can then turn on you when not fulfilled.  Sadly..
Too good to be true?
Maybe talk about his un-human watts per kg?!
Conversations about the 2020 tour.... ‘U been watching it?’ Nah,it’s sbit...I dunno boring’ Pogačar 57 secs to win you say??...hold my beer!
I wouldn't call Tadej winning an upset. I remember on the preview show on of the presenters saying that Tadej could win, "if he rode for himself" which he ultimately had to do with his two senior GC riders going down.  If it was a team TT up the mountain instead of a individual TT and UAE beat Jumbo Visma, that would've been an upset.
Im from sLOVEnia evreone here is inckredebly praud of our 2 boys and we cent belive wut is hapening.. Roglic proved why he is the best in the world.. And the way he hendled the loss was ameyzing.. Ewereone is proud of pogacar but we all wanted primoz 2 win ( afther all he came from f****** ski yumping and pogacars cerear has only started ) the only bitter thing in this tour is dat a lot of the foren media was asking him abought doping.. I know the histery of the yelow yearsy but its just disrespektful to ask him dat cause he has proven dat he is an ameyzing athleate ( im sory i know dat i suck at english 😅) Oh and lets not forget 2 praise heirshi... He was ameyzing on this tour
Our commentators here in Australia were calling Pogacars win of the tor in the TT right from the second week so it was hardly the biggest upset in tour history. Remember Lamont did the same in the past.
Sensational!  Re Eddie Merkx in 1969 - he won the Yellow, White, Mountain (Polka Dot wasn't introduced until 1975)  and Sprint Jerseys in his first Tour.
Couldn't watch this years TDF .  Those masks made it look stupid
Anyone else notice that the GTN avatar in Hack/Bodge has socks ?  Now I know for sure that Zwift isn't real !
This was a cold shower. Finally thought after 40 years a Dutch team would win the Tour... Jumbo is coming from the legendary Raleigh team with Zoetemelk, Raas, Kuipers, Kneteman, when we almost won every stage.  Would be nice if Jumbo will buy all the Dutch topriders, like Mollema, van der Poel, Wout Poels, Kelderman and Oomen!
The day JV just watched him ride away up the Madeleine, it was like 1am in Heathcote, Australia, and I said to my gf, 'Whoa!!! Sky never did that, or US Postal. OMG what a mistake, what are they doing!' They just watched him go!, let him get back just enough of the crosswind time he lost to be within reach. I couldn't believe it. I told the winemaker at work the next day, he rode the Tour of Ireland back in the 17thC, (for real). I totes knew the Pog had it. Then when Roglic started his TT!!!, omg, within 200m, even the first corner, he looked terrible. Love his elbows slightly out, high cadence Terminator style. He looks super efficient and good on a bike, very similar to AVDB I always think, slightly tense shouldered but the kit always looks great. In that TT he looked disheveled. By the end, his hat was askew. I reckon he was thinking, 'what was the DS thinking, I trusted the guys in the car to know these crucial cycling tactics and they've F@#ked it up'.   Merckx came out and said exactly the same thing! My gf reckons this does not mean anything.
Another cool and interesting fact is that Roglich and Pogacar are best friends.🙃. They’d never be unprofessional or unfriendly towards one another, and I imagine they both want the other one to have success.  Perhaps this takes the sting out a bit.
He got a fixed penalty notice for speeding up hill, 45mph in a 30....
Chris Froome, in an interview towards the final stages, picked "Pog" over Roglic to win.
the biggest upset for you!it was great !                                         njoylife
Best performance since Lance Armstrong...
I've watched a lot of racing, and this was the best grand tour start to finish I've ever seen for a variety of reasons. Even the race for green was exciting. Pogacar was my pick pre race. Was I surprised he overhauled Roglic - yes and no. You just don't know what can happen I suppose is the moral of the story. He made a lot of commentators look a bit silly though with their statements even during their rides in the TT. It was an inspired ride that I've watched a few times over. Bravo Tadej Pogacar. I love everything about how he races. He's so aggressive.
Pretty sure the CX season started last sunday in Switzerland, EKZ Cross series...... ;-)
No mention for Marc Hirsichi? 😥😥 made the race in the first couple weeks
I built an Instagram Tool with many features because I want to help Business Owner. This app only costs £2.53.
Kudos to Soeren Kragh Andersen for his impressive stage wins as well.
Jinxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
shades of flandis
Upset. I didn’t believe it.
what happened to his helmet its like his head shrunk or he nearly sweated off the helmet
Nobody mentioned Richie Porte before the race. Despite being (of course) the only person from the top 10 to puncture on the gravel section on stage 18 he put in a great effort to stay in touch and then rode an incredible time trial to finish 3rd.   After all of his years of bad luck at the tour I was thrilled to see him finally get on the podium.
A great win for Pogacar and a great TDF for the fans.  As far as this being the "Biggest Upset" , remember Lemond's final TT in 1989.
I just love that men from multiple countries have won over the past couple years. I will admit, It's great to see eastern Europe so clearly and excitingly dominate the tour. Yeah the Eddie Mercx years are way past, I still remember the bumper sticker based on a joke, God thinks he's Eddie Mercx.
It's not an upset. It's a day of beauty and a big fingers up to "strong" teams that try to control everything. It was exactly what cycling needed this year.
How is it the greatest upset if Pogacar was number 2 going into the time trial and was competitive the entire race including his early lose of time?
The Tour De France cycling race is racist and sexist its just all white Men.
Don’t see why you trying to make a sensation out of it. It was less than a minute gap, to start with, roglic had been beaten just recently by the same rider in an important time trial. Gaps of 1-3 minutes even between the strongest riders are by no means unusual in stage race time trials particularly on courses which require the utmost skill in pacing.
I don't fully agree with your analyze. Jumbo-Visma did two major mistakes which are both linked to the same fact: "they underestimated the strength of Pogacar"  1) On stage 8 they let Pogacar coming back from 16th place in GC to the 9th place and recover 40 seconds of disadvantage he has on Roglic 2) On the other stages (apart the 17th) the Jumbo-Visma strategy was too defensive and they relay on the short advantage Roglic has on Pogacar Beside of that what a great TDF this year despite the COVID-19! Thank you GCN for your great channel, Mickael
Alright after the time trial everyone said the race was over, but there was one more stage? Is this because there is an agreement between riders? I mean I honestly can't imagine a better way to win the tour than on the final day
A few things to nuance the enthousiasm concerning Pogacar. Pogacar, 21, years old, is a member of the UAE team. With some not too trust worthy stafmembers (Gianetti, 'Matxin among others). Pogacar never really had a team in the mountains; for the most part he followed TJV on his own. He never had to let go the wheel of Roglic (the only time he lost, other than the stage where he fell and lost 1 min 40, was on col de la loze, which was only 17 sec). The whole of TJV couldn't get rid of him, even on the col de la loze.  He set two 'world records': one on the peyeresourde and the on the Time trial planche des belle filles, where he rode his record including his bike change.   At the time trial Roglic isn't his same old self. But he is not that bad because he still secures 5th place, not bad after three weeks of racing. Pogacar doesn't seem to be hurt by the three weeks of racing. He puts two minutes on Roglic. Then Dumoulin rides a very good TT, same watt output as when he won the TT-champignonship in Bergen. In a post race interview he said, after having seen the watt output of pogacar: 'if this is the new normal, i wil never win a tt again, I will never be able to have so much power output.' And that is coming from one of the best cylclist in the word (top 10 TDF). Pogacar put him on 1,20 minutes. This is really unprecedented, and in cycling words like, unprecedented, incredible and unbelievable are mostly conceived with a negative connotation.  Look, i don't have any problems with Pogacar; he's talented and an overall nice guy and i really hope he is clean, but this is just a little too much for me. I'm not buying it. And that makes me sad.
Let's get this straight. Pogacar, whom I admired throughout the tour, was running on empty in week 3. Until stage 20 when he beat most of the field by 4 minutes. And Arkea Samsic are suspected of doping?
you forget to give shout out to mark hirschi
GCN:  I suggest discussing the concept of Teams using a *Dual-Leader Strategy in future GT's,* particularly if they don't have THE Dominant Climber on their roster
_"Tour de Luxembourg"?_  Is it a Crit?
_Pogacar had a Team?_
You forgot Marc hirschi
Great video,keep it up:!
This was mind blowing to watch! I really thought Pocacar would win the stage but would still be behind by 30 or so seconds but wow crazy!
What about Marc Hirschi...?
As others have said.  Dan is a fantastic presenter.  What comes over so clearly is his knowledge and passion for the sport and his empathy for people. Dan must be very easy company.
buy colnago TT bikes.
its destiny not upset
Maybe the UCI should focus on making races safe and free of obstructuins instead of creationg regulations for banning everything 🤷‍♂️
And also don’t forget the two amigos Froome and Thomas weren’t there, so maybe the knowledge of that on top of everything else might have an effect on his confidence, Roglic that is. I don’t like that Ineos team, Jimbo Visma are my favourite and I hope Roglic wins the tour next year, knock ineos off their perch.
Excellent review.
We all saw it before got ta Do The Electrik Kool Aid on the penultimate Day
I was very disappointed the Podacar won over Roglic one the 20 stage,.but Podacar is superb cyclists and as cute as can be. I loved the shot of the Slovenia flag in furling behind his head.
Still not as crazy as the landis stage or wiggins miracle in the giro.
Roglič/RoadGlitch
I thought there was a decent chance that Tadej would win the stage, but did NOT think he could take yellow.
I really wonder sometimes if having the team relay time splits during a TT is a good idea at all.  I mean - in theory - a rider should ALWAYS be giving max effort in a race against the clock. I don't know for sure what JV was telling Roglic, but I assume he was aware that he was losing time right from the start. Trying to limit those losses, he may have used up more than intended on the flat stretch and been nearly out of gas when he hit the climb. And what could be MORE demoralizing than being at your absolute limit and hearing that it's not good enough. Still...an AMAZING ride by Tadej. With his best, Roglic likely still loses yellow, just by less.
You mention how much it meant to the team and I think that might well have been the problem. He had ridden superbly with his team for the duration of the tour but on this stage he had to carry all the pressure by himself, and knowing that there was no chance to comeback if he failed.
Dan did you cath Phil Liggett's assessment of Pogacar's switch from professional skier to cyclist? ➡️ "I'll bet the other riders in the peloton wish he hadn't." 🤣👍🍻
Pogacar beat nearest competitor by 81 seconds (1:21).  Uniquely impressive given Dumoulin is a proven great time trialist, particularly since Pogacar is such a young guy.  Interesting ....
Poorly narrated account of the race, does the narrater know how to flip burgers¿
Historically, the problem with a stand-out performance so far different than the other riders, has meant PEDs. I hope this isn’t the case.
Why aren't more people suspicious of  Pogacar's performance ? We are talking about road cycling and the Tour de France after all
Its not an upset at all. Roglic did a similar thing in a similar length time trial only TWO YEARS AGO in the the Tour. Froome was saying before the Tour that Roglic fades and asking the question of if his form could last. He also suffered in last year's Giro which he was also the hot favourite for. I wish media people would stop overhyping everything. It gets so boring to watch.
Slovenians have it all arranged. Commentators didnt know how to say the name pogačar (somehow it became pođakar) and now theyll have to learn. Next one is Jan polanc to win i see. Just to prepare you its not polanč but polanc.
Gear. On the.
I don't believe in 'performance of his life' anymore... Looks like Quintana was doping. Perhaps made easier by the COVID bubble etc. I hope I'm wrong and that it is not peloton wide and Omerta hasn't come back...
Cyclocross season doesn't start untill MVDP and WvA enter the races in my eyes ;)
I hope we won't find out in a couple of years that Pogacar pulled a Landis on this TT.
merkckx said "jumbo raced stupidly" .. he said they should have tried to drop pogacar a lot earlier so that they could have enough gap on him.
https://youtu.be/1e0E1x2N0AU
Pogacar TDF stage 20 TT win is highly questionable!!  As in recent Slovenia national TT championships, Pogacar win is 9 sec over Roglic on similar course profile!!
Why is Egan who disgracefully left TdF on your background and on thumbnail? and some nonames besides him...Why isn't there Tadey, Primož, Bennet, Ritchie? Is it all for the money?
Aru because...(I am sure he wanted to say, Aru)
Thank you for the Richie Porte shout out, he has given selflessly to others for so long, delivering other riders to a position that would only benefit them. When given team leader suffering huge bad luck. He is also one of the most humble and pleasant human beings you will ever meet.  Good Luck to him in anything he does from here on.
Its not the biggest upset, its the biggest joy...
No mention of Marc Hershi by Dan Lloyd?  2 2nd places and a win  was very impressive i thought..
Lets face it, its not like Roglic was bad: Podgacar was 80s faster then the 2nd Domulin, where as the time gap ,from then on, bearly exceeded 20 30 seconds.  Its just the way people look at results: most people just have this "winner takes all" mentality, and gives much less attention to 2nd and 3rd place then they truly deserve.
Pogacar did beat Roglic in their national time trial , he seem to already have confidence going into that stage which we later saw.
I have noticed time after time that a good team is useful but to win a single rider, without support needs to pull out all stops somewhere to get that time advantage.  I remember Cadel Evans desperately struggling on a hill climb to prevent Andy Shleck get too much time ahead.  Then doing a great time trial to snatch victory.  In both stages neither Shleck nor Evans could rely on their team.  It was all up to them and them alone.
PAH that definition of "smug" with Dan's face was fuckin' perfect.
It's funny, i hadn't seen the post race interviews or footage of Roglic and Pogacar, but in my mind i had imagined them hugging it out just like that.  As athletes of the same nation and similar strengths, i assume either one would be happy to see the other on the top, although of course the sting for the underdog who nearly gets it can't be as hard to endure as that for Roglic and his team, with the journey they had to this point. Certainly, a pure display of sportsmanship.
Jumbo bottled it tbh. They weren't aggressive enough. They did so little attacking, which is where the comparisons to Sky/Ineos fall down - we didn't see stuff like the Froome and Sagan breakaway in 2016 to gain 6 seconds on GC which in a race where every second matters can add up, there was also nothing like the Thomas and Froome/Bernal attack counter-attacks that they used in more recent years. Jumbo went in with a train and no other strategy to win.
who puts a damn time trial at the end of grand tour , lets punish the actual race leader by making the last stage NOT A RACE !!!!!
rim brakes rulesss........
Nothing will compare to 1989’s upset, period
Hirshi was also fantastic
Roglic lost bc his ten gallon helmet slowed him down.
I think the big story is no power meter, I just wish it was Froome that he smashed in the ITT, while Froome was busy steering at his power meter.
Dan, not forget to mention Marc Hirchi ;)
Y is the cyco cross not allowed in Belgium ? Believe me the commentairy is so bad i sanne listen to u guys😅
No mention of Marc Hirschi?
Great fight back from Richie Porte, was rooting for him and Roglic
I wonder what would have happened if stage 20 was a regular mountain top finish stage. Would  Rodlic  get dropped by the peloton? Or would Tatej ride away from the yellow group if he attacked?
The biggest upset is that a French Cyclist “DID NOT” win the TDF, AGAIN! Remco will Win next year!
2 Italian bikes on podium. 2 Rim Brakes on podium Only 3 teams rode Campagnolo and it Won! 😀  What else can a Italian bike Rim Brake Campy fan can ask!😀😀😀
S u s p i c i o u s
This is a genuine question: Can that performance be natural? I know in theory it's possible, but really? After 3 weeks of racing, plus him doing all the work on his own, and then blowing everyone out of the water. Surely it's suspicious. Although I am a Rogla fan, so I suppose  im biased.
I thought that he can gain 40 to 50 second but not 59 . But when Pogacar start eating the lead I thing Roglic lose his nerve and seems to feel tense of loosing yellow jersey which he gain by extreme effort done by his team mate by sacrificing their own chances.
TDF must include Team Time Trial which is very interesting to watch and which show the real strength and quality of a team.
hardly a shock, i backed him at 16/1, he was 4th or 5th favourite lol
I though it was clear Pogacar could win rather than would win. He lost all the time he was behind in a single flat stage when he was caught by the cross winds. He gained time on Roglic in a couple of climbs and the TT had a tough final climb.He thoroughly deserved the polka dot jersey as the best climber in the race.
Another boring TdF. Bring back the juice...Cant' imagine anyone in the US watching any longer....
Such a great presenter.  Thanks GCN
Motor?
Lipizzaner horse and Tadej Pogacar haute studs from Slovenia
Great recap and I’ve enjoyed your insights throughout the Tour. No mention of Marc Hirschi in this final summary? I can’t help but think this was just a breakout for the young star.
I love how all the GC winner from first to third of this year is a humble rider
It's just a bike race at the end of the day.
Wait: no mention of Valverde’s 40 year old performance?????
Good summary and happy to see no Wiggo, he’s a terrible commentator.  And yes, I know his palmares, but not every sporting champion has the chops to be a good sports commentator.
Did Jumbo Visma overlook the winning capability of Pogacar?
It wasn't an upset at all! Surprise yes, but let's not blow up the upset card. If you wanna discuss upsets, speak for Bernal and Sagan. The former champion didn't have the legs, Sagan was a shadow of himself. All else is excuses.   Remember the crosswind stage 7? Bora threw everything to drop the sprinters so Peter could reclaim the green and he did! Pogacar finished in the second group one minute + behind the leaders due to flat tire, Porte lost 2 minutes because he lost the momentum, that was one of the craziest stage race in history!    Primoz and Tadej were racing shoulder to shoulder to the very end, but Tadej has always been the stronger climber! Not an upset by a mile!
It made for great suspense and excitement that day.  I enjoyed it immensely.
GRATULACJE 🚲 ROGALIC  🌞 GRATULACJE MICHAŁ KWIATKOWSKI 🚲🇵🇱 GRATULACJE ❤🇵🇱KASIA NIEWIADOMA 🇵🇱🚲POLAND 🇵🇱❤  Pozdrawiamy z CHICAGO 🇵🇱🚲🇵🇱
and of course stunning Anna Bolika vs. Tony Martini
and great Glenn Buterol vs. Glenn Fiddich back in...
Greg Lemonade vs. Richie Port    i remember, back in  uhm  19..
Biggest upset?  Some of us are old enough to remember 1989.
when is the tour de france?  Its sad it got postponed in 2020
Pogacar just went for it and won it !!! Phenomenal effort on the time trial...Roglic didn't do anything wrong at all (or his team)....it seems to be the 2020 effect perhaps or just one of those once in a lifetime things that happen ????
This was an incredibly dramatic and emotionally gripping TDF. What a race and wonderful distraction from the year this is
6.9 w/kg for 16 minutes on the final climb. wow
At least dan will not brag about cervelo test team anymore.. hahaha...
I´m so tired of every other journalist or YouTuber claiming that 21 year old Pogacar beat Roglic. That is not the right statement. The correct headline should read: "Tadej Pogacar beat every top professional rider of the Tour de France, including Primoz Roglic" I mean he was better than ANYONE, NOT JUST ROGLA. He was 1:21" faster than Dumoulin (on a time trial). 2:54 minutes faster than Rigoberto Urán (on a climb). He put 5:54" on Nairo Quintana.. 4:27" on Adam Yates... 7:02" on Alaphilippe are you kidding me? ... and he beat Roglic? Don´t be that hard on the guy. It´s called PRESSURE. He had a really horrible day on a very CRUCIAL stage. Poga had nothing to loose. Let´s add the UCI incident with bottom bracket and Merijn Zeenan´s exclusion, the last minute change of the speedsuit all of this unfortunate events threw him of balance, but yet still he managed to get 5th on the stage. Give the man some slack. He even was strong enough to pass Miguel Ángel López (which was 2 minutes ahead of him on,  remember on a bad day)  And while we are at it, he went faster than Froome and Wiggins in 2012
The only thing I want to know is...what on earth is going on with Primoz helmet?!
no props for herschi?
Now we all know the burden (after race) a team leader (Roglic) has to carry
Excellent commentary and perspective, Dan.  Not overdone nor passed over lightly.  Thanks.
We are witnessing Lance Armstrong 2.0, right here
Aside from the fact Pogacar blew out three of the best time trialists in the world, I’m glad to see GC riders pay for managing their effort for 3 weeks. That was almost as good as Froome in the Giro. What I mean is Jumbo lost because they rested on their lead like Sky has for years. If this time trial wasn’t the penultimate day, they would have tried to take down Pogacar, and maybe they could have. But they are the ones who let him back into the race after he lost time because he wasn’t a threat in their minds. The should have pressed the issue and built a lead.
The fact that he did this without a decent team is insane, pretty much did this with one domestique.
No mention of Hirschi?
Who is still doubting rim brakes?
I love GCN so much, I think you guys and gals do an awesome job! Bring back Matt, he added such a good dynamic!
Laurent Fignon thats how it spells ....
Let the Giro Rosa fall remind you - never overlap wheels!
Primoz shouldn’t have taken baby on podium. If he won. Ok. But not second.  Bad loser. Trying to steal attention and clearly didn’t want to face his massive defeat.
Not enough people mention that the white jersey didn't exist when Eddy Merckx won three jerseys. He would have won four in 1969 if there was a white jersey at that point
What a supernatural performance by the 21-year old Slovenian rider! Pogačar singlehandedly defeated TJV and its yellow train of super-champions. IGD didn't fail, it simply collapsed. You don't need 4 Grand Tour winners in your Team to  be out of the Top 10? To spice things up, ARK is now under the Police scrutiny. Can't wait for the Giro!
Last time I saw a comeback ride like that was floyd Landis in 2006 tdf.we all know how that ended. Let's hope taddys sticks.unbelieveable ride.👍
I was all in for Pogi for 3 weeks, but was still sad when he took it.
A great race , well worth waiting for !
very well presented.
Sometimes you have to lose to learn how to win .
Roglic never looked that weak by comparison he did manage a few times to outpower Tadej I thought Roglic would actually win the TT overall NO WAYS i would say Pog could take so much time. Something was off with Roglic for sure. I would like to know what, he is capable of way more than 6 watts per kilo.
Fly Emirates...
Sadly i dont think Roglic will ever get this chance again. If he attacke djust once and put some time into the GC he would have been fine...probably. Sitting on his teammaters wheel the entire tour was the safe choice but failed him in the end.
Its obvious now, that with a complete team supporting Roglic he couldn't drop Pogacar on the climbs he only defended his lead,  remove the team with a TT and its man on man.
Tactically, one of those stupidest planned grand Tours from the directors at jumbo visma. 🙄🙄🙄🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️ #Fired
Do they still do drug testing?  Has everyone been cleared?  I'd hate to see another doping scandal.
Wait for the doping scandals!
Biggest upset is how Roglic is wearing his helmet
hmmm, Roglic's bike examined for mech doping,  directeur-sportif expelled and it's a coincidence that he fails to win? Still a sport for cheats. The sport is filthy and presenters still push the lie (Phil).  #LeTourdeFraude
Astounding ride. I'd love to see the time gaps for the KOM up La Planche des Belles Filles. How much faster was Pogacar vs Carapaz?
It was an incredible time trial and I still can't quite believe it. Pogacar was absolutely mega, there's no other way to put it. Seeing the fear and disbelief in Wout van Aert and Tom Dumoulin's faces really amped it up even further. It's funny but the stage in Paris made my girlfriend (who has no interest in pro cycling) wonder why it was on because she thought it had finished the day before. The best way I could explain it was think of the Tour de France as a book and Stage 20 is the true end of the book but Stage 21 was the epilogue. Makes it kind of pretentious but you have to try and make it understandable.
Bennett didn't win green, Sagan lost it.
Sad to say...but I hope he is clean.
not close! the biggest was when greg lemond took 5 seconds off laurent fignon, remaining in both the closest gap ever, and the biggest upset in history.
I was hoping Roglic would win, but wasn't surprised by the finish. Pogacar had little help for 19 stages and Roglic got heaps and wasn't that impressive. He also looked a wreck before the TT. I was most pleased to see Sepp Kuss do so well though -- I  hope he has an even larger role next year!
This was so unpredictable that the infamous GCN prediction predicted it.
it ain't over until it's over.
Ritchie Porte the natural GC winner, the people's champ.
Lets not forget that Tadej Pogacar was riding the Stage 20 uphill section without a bike computer nor powermeter 💪 would be interesting if this was also a factor for his fantastic performance by just racing and not getting distracted by numbers on a screen.
I shall confess. I picked Bernal to win the tour....    yep   😂
Hey Dan you forgot the latest "transfer" speculation. Will Dave Brailsford try to buy out what remains of Tadej Pogacar's UAE contract thus following GCN's advice of "Screw Upgrades, Buy Upgrades."
I loved it , the Favorites had their arses handed to them by a rookie and Dan have a pint on me.
Who will win giro Dan?
The 1987 and 1989 Tours were also won on the Last Time Trial.  Joy for the winners and heartbreak for the losers.  I think Pogacar was beating the drums very loudly, since, La Vuelra 2019.
No the biggest upset in the Tour de France! The biggest is still 1989! 8 Seconds! Eight Second's is way closer after 2500 miles than 59 seconds. Although both are phenomenal !! Forza Campagnolo !! Forza Colnago!! Congrats Ernesto!! It's about time!!
No Jink here! TP was my pick.  I thought it possible, watching it it felt impossible.
Whoa, what an exciting turn of events. It was an amazing thing to watch as it unfolded. The only downside: the tremendous ride by Ritchie Porte, eating up a prodigious amount of time to land on the podium, should have been the story of the day - unfortunately overshadowed by the "commotion" atop the leaderboard.
The best dope tour from the winner....by  far..
No mention of Hirschi? someone lighting up the race
I thought Jan Ulrich won it on his first attempt, not as far back as Laurent Fignon!!
That was an amazing TDF Pogacar was amazing it was a very good watch
The biggest upset is lance Armstrong getting his wins taken from him
Even if Roglic had experienced a very good day, if his legs were good, his time might have been similar to Dumoulin's at best - he'd still have lost to Pogacar, narrowly. Pogacar took the victory. It's all on him.    It's a totally different situation to Fignon in 1989, who should have been more alert to Le Mond's use of new tech and sheer will to win.
For once Dan's prediction is not a curse!
congrats for "winning" the green jersey bennett... if the sport would be fair sagan would have had the green jersey because BORA would not have to chase for green and quickstep would have needed to chase for green. Believe what you want, Sagans DQ was not right
A 21 year old winning the Tour? Why not? Amazing what vitamins can do. Read Tyler Hamilton’s book or better still, read “Rough Ride” by Paul Kimmage. Doping was and sadly, still is, rife amongst many of the riders.
I was lucky enough to have been there, 3km from the bottom of the climb, to see all of the leaders pass by. The two men who seemed like they were absolutely on another level were Dumoulin and Pogačar. Dumoulin was SO smooth. Not a single excess bit of movement in his body other than those windmill legs. I wonder if he’s regretting not changing his bike on those 15% gradients.
You are the best English - speaking cycling commentator I have ever seen on  youtube. Im a Moroccan English teacher obsessed with following the Tour de France since Lance Armstrong won his first tour.My favourite cyclist will always remain Jan Ullrich and I hope you can devote an episode on his life and career.Thanks a lot for your hard work and professionalism.
I was astonished by the beauty of the pictures on that final stage. Late summer offered some really fine colors in the Champs Elysées tonight. Less crowd but more poetry is what I felt
Love the re-cap! As always you guys are the go to for race info. But how on earth can you not even mention Marc Hirschi? That dude had a great tour, and is going to be a factor for years!
They did Peter Sagan dirty
I don`t want to raise a flag, but lets be honest if you can climb a mountain faster than some people who doped and won the tour 7 times... if that doesn`t raise flags i dunno what
the expectation is set so high... for the hundred other riders, 2nd place would be a dream.
When you remove the group effect and its man against man from the first meter this things can happen. Specially in the hills. Dont like that people bring up unfair play just because of the time gap. Its a totally different ballgame when a huge team isnt pulling in front and riders are afraid to go alone. Roglic was behind two of his helpers and many other cyclist as well. Pog has been way better in the mountains all TDF then Aert. Its only natural that he crush him man on man in a hill.
I guess they've never heard of Greg Lemond?
Pogačar’s win in the TT looks suspicious to me. He blew out all the other riders by too much of a margin. Wouldn’t be surprised if he was caught on doping...
Very very suspicious performance... 🤨 Pogacar’s talent scout, Andrej Hauptmann, had trouble with his hematoktit at the tdf 2000, team uae is infamous, either. 8 of 19 slovenian world tour riders riding between 2009 and 2019 were tested positive and some time banned. Pogacar‘s watt numbers are in the numbers of Lance and his kollegues in their superdoper years. ... just thinking...
Tally Pikachu?!?! wins the Tour in 2020... truly a strange year.
A Lance Armstrong performance.
Much too much over confidence from the Jumbo Visma team. Richard Plugge’s comment at 1:48 is incredibly self-indulging. Pogacar has taught them a beautiful lesson of courage and tactics. If he had caught the lead before, Roglic & team would have attacked much more in previous days. But he just kept quiet, relaxed and on D day, he gave it all. He could have lost but he went for it and succeeded. With no team at all. Well done Pogacar 👍
Why isn't anyone adressing the real upset here? Roglic's helmet? Anyone?
Putting sportive ethics aside (looking at team emirates/GV management legacy) that was nice entertainment
"To not only claw back the 57 second deficit, but also to put another 59 seconds on Roglic on top off that"   thats gnarly as fuck
Loved your commentary Dan over the tour 👍🏻
I had a tough day today and Dan's racing news equals the power of comfort food 😄 Thanks Dan!
I am a bit suspicious of a young guy having so much resistance. Curious what he had in that cotton, in his nose, before starting in the last stage... Annemiek van Vleuten has become so much better solo, specifically because she trained for years, dedicated her life to the sport(training almost non-stop), going for “400km” for fun, etc. A youngster putting in 2min over the others is a bit weird/suspicious...
Roglic seen leaving several bookies with a large suitcase 🤑🤑🤑
My first thought, which I voiced out loud when Pogager won the TT was "Holy $#!T.  At least Lloydy will be happy." My wife, overhearing said, "Who's Lloydy?"  Me: "Dan Lloyd.  He's a presenter on GCN who pi..."  Wife: "You need bike friends."
edit: got some serious info from specialists in the field, although extraordinary Pogacar's efforts are not impossible. Looking forward to next GT's and more fireworks from the young riders especially when Evenepoel en van der Poel will join.
That is possibly the most excited I have been watching a non British cyclist, I am so pleased Pogačar won. What a race.
Roglic said he was simply beaten by a stronger rider. There was no bitterness I could see. It was extremely gracious.
Pretty much Tour de France the movie innit... Sagan, Bennett, Hirschi, Bora, Decunick, Roglic, Pogačar, Kelly, green machine sur la Champs Elysees. Magnifique.
They didn’t have a tight grip on the race though, less than a minute is nothing. What if there was a mechanical or a crash? They should have not let TD knock himself out of GC contention so they could attack Pog and go into the TT with 3-4mins on second place.
Can someone intelligently explain how Pogacar can be so strong and so skinny and  so relatively unmuscular and turn a bigger gear faster than everyone else.Whats the physiology of that.
I didn’t care much until the part when we were told he won on a Colnago with Campagnolo and rim brakes! Yay!
Great race to say the least.
Is it me, or was Roglic's helmet weirdly offset upwards more so on the final climb of the TT and even when he had his shield on? Maybe it was like that due to his posture on the bike, and facing his head down moreso than others. I don't know, it is an interesting thought though. It did seem like his bike change was slow, but he ultimately suffered up the climb more than Pogacar and looked gassed at the end without his team. Also, let's give Jumbo's some praise, the pace was insane this year, props!
Tadej won the tour, won the polka dot, won the white jersey and most importantly has broken the gcn curse!!
YES DAN - THANK YOU FOR BEING SMUG AF!! HAVE A "MINERAL WATER"
Dan is now under pressure to repeat at the giro and vuelta. The end of the race needed pog or some else to do something. Everyone get on race pass for vanderpol v van art in cyclocross great inwrvation gcn
The question now is, was he really clean? It's amazing to see Primoz and Wout drooling like a horse by the time they got to the finish line, where Pogacar looked pretty fresh so to speak........
Did you forget about hirschi
when you're bad, even the helmet gets in the way
From now on no more stories about the Cervelo Test Team, it’s all about that time Dan predicted Pogacar’s win
Its like MMA Pogacar got Wobbled with Roglic Right Straight but He got him with a left hook, KOd him in stage 20. It is what it is. Wait, watch, Attack!
What a non-human performance !
Lemond-Fignon was a bigger upset!
was TJV's race (up to that point) perfect though? Italian tv were very critical of the fact that they let Tom Dumoulin sacrifice himself as a domestique for Roglic, when he could have been a threat on GC himself, thereby at least presenting an additional challenge tactically to any potential opponent.
Showing my age here... but Lemond vs Fignon in '89 was a far bigger upset than this one!
Can’t forget about the work of sebb kuss, I think he could’ve taken that stage from Angel Lopez if he wasn’t called back to roglic. I believe he could be a solid gc contender if he improves his tt
Too much talking, we want to see the race.
As much as I want to see Roglic to win. I don’t think this is upset at all. Pogacar is less than one minute behind on 36km uphill itt. He is younger and maybe same or stronger than Roglic after 19 days of brutal race. Great come from behind race but not an upset at all.
Do you think the fact Roglic didn’t use long sleeve might have hurt his time in the TT??
I genuinely hope this is a clean victory but I have grave doubts.  I wonder what Phillipa Millar's opinion is?
Alittle too unreal to be frank, i felt weird after seing this and i have seen 1 or 2 races
This turns everything on its head! Pogacar won without: -- Power meter on the penultimate stage -- Super-duper crazy space-age wind-tunnel-tested Aero bike -- Monstrous Super-domestiques making $1mil+/year -- Same matress night after night -- Marginal gains of any kind -- Dave Brailsford  Pogacar is just a smart, powerful cyclist. I like this kind of racing.
Whoop whoop 'cross is back! Loved the coverage from GCN last season with Marty and guests, long may it continue. thank you! Just hope he has gotten over the Denise drama.
Tadej was my pre race pick.  I thought he had lost it after losing 1:21 on  Stage 7.  But he did not seem to concerned.  He was right and I was wrong.  What a time trial.  And Merckx actually won 4 jerseys in the 1969 Tour.  Yellow, green, polka dot and white for the combined classification.  He would have been the best young rider that year as well, but they didn't grant that award until 1975.  He was also awarded the combativity award as the most aggressive rider.  Taking nothing away from Pogacar, but Eddy was much more dominant in his first tour.
You hit the nail on the head when you said watching Dumoulin and Van Aert’s faces was haunting
Performance a bit suspect to me.
Never could understand Cyclocross. The bikes they use are not even designed for half the course. I thought bicycles were meant to be ridden not carried around in mud.
Ineos grenadier left the chat.
Something else I noticed: 2018 Tour of California: Bernal wins 1st world tour event. 2019 Tour de France: Bernal wins 1st Tour de France.  2019 Tour of California: Tadej Pogacar wins 1st world tour event 2020 Tour de France: Tadej Pogacar wins 1st Tour de France.  So is the Tour of California the best prep race for youngsters? Or just a coincidence?  #bringbackTOC
Pogačar was extraordinary at the TDF and Jumbo Visma was the best team he could ever have...! They did all the work for him 👏😄
I think Primoz lost the race because he was to passif and to nice to his compatriot. I think he could easly go with Pogacar when he gained more than 40s back( let him go because he is Slovenian as well?) . During at least 2 stages In my opinion he was stronger than Pogacar but never attacked( for example the stage when They rode on gravel road Roglic gained some advantage at the top but did not pressed after). I think having time trial at the end is great but they should maybe have one more mountain stage straight after, I am sure fore exemple Roglic would give his best to beat his oponent. Thanks. I was cheering Pogacar to win.
Paul Sherwan's quote from 1989 applies here after Lenond/Fignon with some modifications.   Jumbo Visma and Primoz Roglic were part of a plot. A plot they thought they've mastered. A plot that ends with Roglic going down the Champs Eleysee to the final yellow Jersey. But the clock that doesn't care about those dreams, and neither does the Tour de France.  So 1989's or 2020's comback, which was the better moment?
Big thanx for the Gcn App. Watchin the Tour (obviously) but the Giro Rosa also was excellent
Dan, do not pick a winner in any category of the world's because the other riders won't bother turning up.😉
This is up there with the year Greg Lemonde beat Laurent Fignon for the GC by 8 seconds in a time trial on the last stage.
Thank you Dan, for mentioning the sacrifice of Jens Debusschere.
You forgot Marc Hirschi!
Does anyone know what date the route for the 2021 TDF is to be announced this year?
Tom Dumoulin's face when Pogacar was smashing his TT time was the highlight of the tour 🤣
I seriously think Roglic just got hit hard with exhaustion or something, he looked very pail coming over the top. Not sure if the final result would have changed but I don't think he was riding up that hill at his healthy 100% where as Pogacar seemed like he did it at a 110%. Not having a computer on his bike on the climb I think may have helped Pogacar as well as he just went as hard as he could and wasn't riding to a set power level.
Well, I don't know if I'd go so far as to say "biggest upset in Tour de France history."  1989 was legendary.  8 second win is pretty epic.  But I will agree: this was was INCREDIBLE without a doubt!
My flash, Roglic never got any deep sleep the night before, his body couldn't do the waste removal & replacing the nutrients needed, too nervous, I wudda' lacked good sleep.  He made no excuses, 5-beers + 3-shots on the floor respect.
I l9ve your videos, but how can you did not mention #4 Landa and Mas????
Hi dan back pogacar 13 - 1 £10   and pogacar £10  to win mountain Jersey  14-1  £290 💰💰💴💴💴👌👌👌🥳🥳🥂 Saturday stage was brilliant 😱
When it’s too good to be true it usually is.why aren’t you speaking about this inhuman performance ?It definitely turns out that this year the performances have reached an incredibly level.Sorry to disagree but I don’t buy it whatsoever.
I'm from Slovenija and it's a strange situation here... when Pogačar won the race about 80% of people were disapointed (me included)! It was a filing like someone stole win from Roglič! We were all 100% sure that Roglič will take the win, and Pogačar will be the future champion. But... well, we saw what happened. It's realy strange situation, even in the studio of the national tv RTV SLO that covered the Tour there were eyebrows raised. I didn't think that something like this could happen, that a Slovenian wins the race and mayority of people are not happy... crazy...
Well, I predicted it :p
How stupid did that hat look on roglic, a sign of something wrong from the start....how ?   Roglic clearly was not top at all, but in well to do shape still would have lost 57 seconds on Pogacar
No upset. Roglic's TT was pretty good. He got fifth and only 35 secs behind world TT champion Tom D. This year's TdF wasn't an "upset" but rather Roglic got beat by a child prodigy Wolgang Amaedeus Mozart on two wheels. Tadej Pogacar was the ONLY rider to go under 56 minutes.  Under normal circumstances Roglic would have won this year's TdF. I wouldn't fault Roglic. Tom D. would have also lost the yellow jersey if he were the team leader. Tom D. lost to Tadej by 1:22 in the TT which is remarkable in itself considering Tom D. was world TT champion the year before last.
What about a mention for Marc Hirschi?
Dude looked like a drunk sailor coming over the line with an aero helmet 2 sizes too small.
Can you imagine how they examined, x-rayed, and tore apart Pogacar’s bike after that time trial looking for the motor!
Ollie:  Re TdF time trial:  I heard another commentator say that Primoz Roglic had to wear a yellow jersey skinsuit, which hadn’t been able to be tested in the wind tunnel and had to wear that ridiculous ill-fitting helmet.  I know those things don’t add up to two minutes, but how much time do you reckon he lost by being so uncomfortable on his bike?
Watching Tom Dumoulin, mask off and a look of total disbelief on his face is what I will remember from this Tour. Incredible.
That Stage 20 should go down in history with Froome's Stage 19 solo raid in the '18 Giro as some of the most epic and unprecedented moments in the sport.
Saw it coming in Spain last year; Yung Tadej Pikachu gonna knock out everybody else from contention who's not named Bernal for the next decade.
It's a yellow Lance would be proud of.
This shows how dominant was Sky in previous years since the lead of Jumbo Visma in this Tour de France up to the TT stage was miles behind of what the British team was capable of doing with stars like Wiggins or Froome and their teammates having an iron grip on the first place.
"all together as a team, we are one of the strongest", too bad it was an individual TT
Thanks for the program. Tadej was/is the best bicycle racer and deserve to win, barely any team to work for him, minute and change behind, no much support from media as everybody seemed to be focus on the leading team. To me it is clear, on a one to one basis he is the best and showed. Other bicycle racers seem to work on leaving a mark in the sport by winning 5 tours or these or that, I understand, Tadej presents himself on the bike and pedaling hard. He has made history.
Yes, Pogacar won 3 jerseys just like Merckx in '69.  But Merckx would've won 4 jerseys had the white jersey existed back then.
My opinion on Stage 20, and maybe it's just me, but I'll post it here, anyway.  Roglic and Pogacar seemed evently matched. Pogacar only beat Roglic in the Slovenian TT championships by 9 seconds. So, there was an expectation that this TT would end up similarly since they were both good time trialists and both good climbers, so neither really seemed to have any significant advantage over the other.  Van Aert seemed to be doing a practice run for Jumbo's strategy. He started slow then picked it up. He was 20-30 seconds behind Cavagna's time at the first two checks, but then turned on the gas and beat Cavagna's time by almost 30 seconds. Dumoulin then did something similar and beat Van Aert by 10 seconds. So, Roglic starting out slow seemed planned. He was likely riding conservatively because he knew he had 57 seconds to play with.  Jumbo-Visma probably expected Pogacar to employ one of two strategies. Either 1) Start slower and build up so he could nail the climb - that way he wouldn't blow up on the climb and at least win the polka-dot jersey, or 2) Go all out from the beginning and then likely blow up on the climb. Either way, - since he started after Pogacar - Roglic would know all of Pogacar's time splits, so he could start slow to conserve energy and then speed up if he had to, and then nail the final climb and keep Pogacar close and still hold onto the jersey even if he lost 30 or 40 seconds. Knowing they were pretty evenly matced. they likely expected that if Pogacar went all-out from the beginning, he would probably blow up on the climb. And then since Roglic would conserve energy on the flat portion, Roglic would then have the energy to drill the climb and put time into Pogacar after Pogacar blew up on the climb from using up all his energy on the first half of the TT.  Pogacar indeed employed the second strategy. Go all-out from the beginning. So, Jumbo-Visma likely expected him to blow up. And even tho Roglic was losing time at the beginning, the gap seemed to stabilize for a while around 28 seconds which seemed to prove that they had planned it right.  However, the flaw in the plan was that Pogacar never blew up. Instead, he drilled that climb like nobody's business. And since Roglic was riding conservatively, suddenly he was on the climb and had too much time to take back. The plan was for him to lose some time in the beginning and then hold it or gain it back at the end as Pogacar tired out. But, Pogacar's didn't tire out. He got stronger and faster. His performance was so incredible that by the time Roglic reached the final climb it was too late.  Roglic would've also had to do a hill climb for the ages just to be able to not lose those final 20 seconds.  And that's when Roglic and the team panicked. There was no way that Roglic was going to ride like Pogacar was riding. It was too late. It showed in their bungled bike change. And it showed in how Roglic rode that final climb. Pogacar was riding smoothly and powerfully like a man possessed. He was going to win or he was going to blow. But he didn't blow. Roglic was riding scared and panicked. As the time checks kept coming in, he and his team saw the yellow jersey slipping away, but they were powerless. He just couldn't ride any faster. If Roglic hadn't panicked, he could possibly have matched Dumoulin's or Van Aert's times and finished somewhere between 2nd and 4th. That would've been a great time trial to finish eveny matched with Dumoulin. And even if he had, he STILL would have lost to Pogacar by over 20 seconds!  The only way Roglic would've kept yellow would be if he had ridden like Pogacar and rode all-out from the beginning without blowing up. But, that is only in hind-sight. And even if Roglic had gone all-out, does anybody think he have been able to match or come close to Pogacar's performance without blowing up? Nobody expected Pogacar to do it, so why would anybody expect Roglic to be able to do it, either? With 57 seconds in hand, nobody with the TT skill of Roglic would expect to ever need to have to ride that TT all-out. Nobody excepted Pogacar to ride that incredibly. So, as much as a number of people are saying that Roglic lost the yellow jersey with a bad performance, he really didn't. Pogacar won it with a performance for the ages. Remember, even had Roglic finished in 2nd maybe 5-10 seconds ahead of Dumoulin, he STILL would have lost the yellow jersey to Pocagar.
That was a great race.... another great race..... The TDF really put on a great show, Bravo to them all.  I think Roglic was tired after three weeks, and Pogacar is only 21 years old.  Nevertheless he rode great. I was sorry to see Primoz be knocked off after all that effort by all involved.  I was glad to see the great ride by Richie Porte. I was very glad to see that. When he came across tied with Dumoulin who was at the time leading, it really showed he had left it all on the road. A great race for many reasons, not just the surprise twist at the end.  Bravo to the tour Organization for making it all the way to Paris.... a longshot I thought.  One good thing is (hopefully) we don't have to wait a whole year for the next edition.... (hopefully)...
Truly Pogacar's Stage 20 performance was the most amazing ride I have seen in a Tour de France since Floyd Landis in Stage 17, 2006.
If you ask me, Pogacar channeled his inner Floyd Landis. Not in terms of his actual cycling prowess, but in terms of his pre-race preparation ;)
WE LOVE POGACAR!!!!
How to win a tour SOLO MODE
Guess what team won the most stages this year! UAE... add ‘em up.
Anyone know what the UAE team pays for TdF bonus??
Thank you very much GCN for the great coverage of the tour. The invention of Race Pass is perfect. Worth every penny paid for it.  Keep up your great work!
Let's be honest: This performance was too good to feel perfectly happy for Tadej Pogacar.
Agree  to  Disagree GCN  you  got  it  all  wrong, Pogacar  epic ride  he  became the final underdog,  no matter  how  proud  Jumbo  or  those  who  support  jumbo  boring  cloned  dominance  like  Ineos  did  in  the  frommey  era, the history  will  tell jumbo  break the  all... but  not  Pogacar, Jumbo  is  not  unbeatable ineos  is  not  unbeatable,  beside  the  pogacar  feat  of  strength  endurance and  amazing  performances,  that  is  the  2nd  news  line  powerful  teams  are  not perfect watt machines  strategy and  will  power  can  break them
Note to GT race organisers, have an ITT at the end of the race. The 2017 Giro was also an epic finale which had an ITT as the final stage.
Chapeau to team JVM who provided a consistent display of strength, teamwork and combined super talent.
I enjoy most of the content GCN puts out, but this is one of my favourite shows because i get to hear/see whats going on in all the races not shown on tv here in Denmark. I was very surprised with Pogacar for example (think most people were) but Dan obviously had an idea of what this rider was capable of in advance (and he did do some impressive results that maybe didnt get as much attention as it should've), so im hoping to pick up some more dark horses for the future races by watching this!
Us Aussies are ecstatic for Richie Porte, he's thoroughly deserved his podium finish after all hard work he's put in over the years. Go Richie, what a tour!
Roglic winning was never a done deal. He was in front basically only because of one windy stage that blew the peleton apart. He was never dominant nor did he put real time on Pogacar. Jumbo did not take advantage of their team strength and Roglic was not once really stronger. I had the impression that Pogacars plan was to let Jjumbo work for him - he was allways close to them - to compensate that his own team is not strong enough o really support him. Roglic winning is a strategy failure of Jumbo - Roglic should have been 3-4 Minutes in ffront.
Greatest come from behind win ever without a doubt. I hope he is clean
The king is dead, Long live Sam B!
An outstanding report Dan. Chapeau
Are you crazy?  89 kids, watch it.
Great call on Tadej, Dan, and great Tour for everyone, so many new winners and Primoz and JV aren't losers but winners, too, they bossed it for all but that time trial and hopefully they'll make like Taylor Swift and shake it off, that sting by Tadej.  And has Peter been training in California?  He sure seemed mellow, like third in every sprint was good enough.  And I grin and say that he won, too, in that Sam was riding Specialized and Peter doesn't seem to get too cranked when he is beaten by a fellow Specialized man.  And O how wonderful that Sam got that Green and two stages, he earned it all and it all meant something deep to him and that's when winning really counts.  And losing, too, as both Sam and Primoz cried in this Tour.
Sorry but UAE team didn't do jack sh*t besides Poga ofcourse. Seeing them celebrate with Poga was cringe. TJV won the tour for Poga.
What a finale. Kudos to Pogacar.. and to do it without his power or HR numbers... wow, just brilliant
"Jumbo vismas domination was as big as anything we have seen from sky". Sky / ineos have won 7 tours, 2 of which included 1st and 2nd and 1 more double podium. 1 was won by over 6 mins from any other teams rider and 2 others by over 4 mins. It's still not even close to the early days of sky train domination in my opinion. Yes they are an amazing team, however i think everyone is getting a bit carried away with how good they are in comparison.
Great presentation
We love you Primoz Roglic 🥂
Men, Pogachar was really good but Roglic was really my favorite. What a let down. I just got in to cycling. I got used to the "team sky" era, didn't know it can get this intense when it comes to the GC.
Fignon was never the same. Neither was Andy Schleck in 2011.
With all of the excitement with Pog and Rog, and rooting for Richie Porte to make it onto the podium, almost completely forgot about the run in yellow from Yates, and then Bernal's undoing. Very dynamic and interesting, lots of uncertainty! Certainly will be hard to top!
Dan Lloyd has again proved to be a full pro: one of the very few not Polish native speakers, who can pronounce „Michał Kwiatkowski” correctly. And the only one I have listened during past three weeks. A sign of respect and tongue acrobatic skills.
Previews CX coverage with clips of the race around the university campus I moved to in '91 to complete a Masters (VUB)... ends the RacePass promo with "except Belgium" - Oh.
I wonder who had a harder time falling asleep from excitement on Saturday night....Pogacar for winning the Tour, or Dan for getting his prediction right.
Is anyone else bothered by the fact that Van der Poel is in the background eventhough he hasn't done shit
12:44 Rims 4 the win
Am I the only one who has the gnawing question of "is he clean? will this pass medical controls?" I hate to think that,  but I've been burned too many times in the past.  I really, really like Podačar.  I want to believe, but I have seen too many amazing performances that turned into bitter tears.
Sorry, but 1989 is still number one for all time greatest comeback.
I think people still can't say jumbo is like the sky team, they may have not won several stages, but they took the most important thing, the GC
The future looks exciting with Pogacar, Evenepoel and also Bernal
Dan; How many times did you have to correct Sean Kelly on the pronunciation of Pogacars name? :)
Good show Boss; your sincerity really came through in your delivery. Always a pleasure to watch.
Rim brakes still take the win at the TDF 👏
Huge thanks for creating race pass, for the first time ever due to my work commitments I could watch and follow the tour like the massive fan I am. Not only for the epic coverage but thoroughly enjoyed the Break Away and race highlights for stages I couldn’t watch live. Massive thank you
Roglic was the 11th fastest up the mountain according to the KOM timings, behind Warren Barguil. That is certainly below what was expected of him and not really on par for what you would expect from a clear cut favorite to win the whole Tour. He had a poor time trial. Pog put on an absolute masterclass and 100% earned that jersey. Gutted for Roglic, but stoked for Pog.
Congratulations Tadej Pogačar for an epic, unbelievable debut Tour! Great forecast Dan! I don't recall any other analyst and sports caster consistently picking Tadej to win it all.
Thanks to a certain American , how much of what we see is a clean result ?...the doubt will never, ever leave our sport, that scar will probably never heal. Shame . 🇨🇭🙁
What was the deal with Roglič's helmet? It looked 2 sizes too small
Marc Hirschi!!!🇨🇭
Dan, you are far and away the best at doing this kind of sporting news broadcast. No doubt someday you will become an iconic figure in the sport of cycling. As always, well done, and thanks.
I would still say last year was a better Tour as it had many more dynamics to the race, however stage 20 is the greatest day of cycling I have watched I genuinely spent an hour just trying to process what I had watched and I have never had that watching any sport ever
I'm so glad I got to see it live. At first I thought it was a glitch in the GPS. But when the time kept creeping up, it became clear it was for real. A real reward for getting up all those mornings at 3:30am to watch the Tour.
We forget Roglic came in hurt...and if you just look at the total mountain finishes...and just analyze those results you can easily imagine for such a hard TT course minutes was possible
Roglič didn't even have a bad time trial.  He still finished 5th on the day, only 35 seconds down from the second place finisher.  That should have been enough to defend the yellow jersey on almost any other day.  Pogačar's performance on that day was just on another world.
Good old Dan the Man.
This was the best tour de France for many years. Every day was fascinating. And the overall story was utterly unexpected.
5
4
3
Did you think Pogacar would win the Tour de France before the time trial?
1
