Hey Chaps! Tempted to buy a Fold 4??  UPDATE: The taskbar is already available on Fold 3 via Samsung labs (although it's on side of screen, not centered-bottom). So this isn't really an 'upgrade'
I am avoiding anything with a hinge, how is it for long-term durability?
The future coming 1 next year should do square block design of the S22 Ultra cover screen n its camera shapes aswell and when the phone is opened up would be Massive Tablet size...
Just sucks that Nova Launcher doesn't support the new task bar
Just ordered a Fold4 from Amazon for $1499 USD and it had 20% cash back with my Amazon card so long as I got the black 512GB version. So for basically $1200 it's a great deal.
Help with the hands free answering calls with bluetooth earphones, i have a sony wireless and i cant answer it on this fold4 unlike it does on iphone 13, i can answer calls when i press the power button. Thanks in advance!
I ALWAYS THPUGH ABOUT BUYING A POCKET DIARY?  NOW I'M GONNA THINK ABPUT BUYING THESE.
The Z fold is crazy! I don't understand why someone  would get a crazy expensive compromised device and say it's amazing. The front screen small and difficult to navigate, and the fold is big and bulky with a notable crease. You can get a better phone and uncompromising  tablet for less money than the Z fold. 🤔
Phones garbage I own one and wish I never bought one. Slow, laggy trash.
WHEN WILL THERE BE A FOLD ULTRA?
THIS AND THE GALAXY BOOK 2 PRO 360 MAKES AN AWESOME DUO..  IF AN M8 4K SMART MONITOR ADDED AS AN ACCESSORY
Just got this on Wednesday, and I love it! It's my first foldable device, and I'm coming from a Note 10. There's SO much room for activities, and I absolutely love it. I actually want to do stuff on my phone now. It's no longer a pain in the butt.
I hope Samsung will be able to make the crease invisible and make the front screen wider.Also make the under display front camera better.
Wish it were a significant improvement.
EXPENSIVE!  I do not think so, iPhone 13 Pro Max with 512GB (no promo pricing, EVER) is $1,400 dollars!!!!  Do you get a 50MP camera, 7.6 display. Snap Dragon 8+ processor NO, just a slab phone that is a brick.  $1,799 for a tablet/phone with an OS that is 100% better than IOS (you can use a stylus, given away free with pre order and the Watch 5 for FREE), 12GB RAM vs Apple's 6, wait, you have to buy an iPad, so add $1,000 to Apple and you have spent $2,400 for a tablet and a phone.  WAKE UP, this is not expensive, Apple is EXPENSIVE for no innovation and a 12MP camera!
Nice review keep up the good work
Can you tell me how this phone would hold up against Dust as I work in construction I need to know if its not going to last long
Too darn big! Guys look like they are walking around with a raging boner when they carry these. Ever tried going to the beach or hiking with this beast!? Time for more phones like the Asus Zenfone 9 or other small phones coming out. I mean if you need a tablet just buy one.
i remember in 2016 you had like 60-80k subs, racing PC Centric, so 6 six later you are over 1mil. me? 6 years later, didn't even surpass 1k subs...
What does it add to my current note10+? I love my current phone. Don't know why I should spend  around $1200 for this one (note10+ swap included). Try to convince me :)
I HOPE THE FOLD 05 WILL HAVE A 108 MP CAMERA + COVER SCREEN PPI SHOULD BE AT LEAST 380 AND UNFOLDED DISPLAY PPI SHOULD BE AT LEAST 400,,  AND THERE SHOULD BE AN S PEN IN THE PHONE,  Z FOLD SHOULD BEAT THE S22 ULTRA
Nothing new really. Perhaps Fold 5 will give us something
Is there any protection case of fold 4 available ? just afraid getting it GG when dropped it on ground ......:(
"hard to type on" ever have an iphone 4 lol
Oh Tom, why’d you have to make yet another excellent video like this…Very very good overview of the Fold 4, much appreciated!
I'm curious when we are gonna get folding tablets. I picture something with an outer screen about the size of the Fold's innter screen and you unfold it into a device with a 16:9 or 16:10 inner screen. That way you could have a tablet with a smaller screen that unfolds into something the size of the Tab S8 Ultra, giving you a small and a big tablet in one device which has screens with different aspect ratios for different tasks. Like browsing the web or reading a book with the outer screen and watching movies with the inner screen. To me that would be even more usable than the Fold 4. That thing has two screens with really weird aspect ratios, one too skinny to be usable for me and the other almost a square which sucks for movies...
I phone 14 pro or Samsung galaxy  fold 4?
I just bought the fold 4. I'll put it through the ultimate test. I'm a plumbing and heating tech. Lol
Glad I saw your review.. I ended up buying the Fold 4 from Samsung.. They gave me 1 grand trade in for my Fold 3..so with tax & all the extra charges I paid $870 for the fold 4 (512) I got the 512 for the price of the 256. They threw in $300 Samsung credit,  i just have 90 days to use that. They also threw in the S-pen case w/S-pen. It's getting to me this coming Tuesday so I'm a bit stoked and can't wait. Your review got me a bit more anxious to get the phone.. So thanks for your review.
way to expensice! My Z fold 4 will arrive this Monday! lol
The Fold 4 is not a replacement for the current Fold 3 user but rather for the Note user who hasn't jump into the 'Fold' Bandwagon yet and lucky them they got a slightly better version of the Fold 3.
Great first impressions vid! Confirmed apple fanboy here. My Fold4 arrived yesterday afternoon, delivered a week early (thanks Samsung!).  My first impressions:  Dimensions: Really not as chunky when folded as I was expecting. Sure it is thicker than my 13 Pro max when folded, but not uncomfortably so, fits in the hand quite nicely actually (probably because it's quite narrow. However, I can use the outside screen with one hand quite easily as a result. When  folded out, the main screen is incredible, I effectively have a mini tablet that easily fits in my pocket! No need to carry a bag for a tablet now. You can feel the hinge when dragging icons across the screen and can see the fold when it's dark, but if you're watching a video you can't really see it and forget it's there. Multi-tasking: I've had it sat on a table folded up slightly whilst I wrote an email and responding to texts, all while playing a video playing in another corner. Big thumbs up. Battery life: So far better than my S22 Ultra (I know!), mind you I live in the UK and have the Exynos version, which I truly hate (was laggy). Really rate this phone so far and looking forwards to getting to know it better!
what are the animation like. the s22 ultra was dreadful and I sent mine back. Tha kafuuly the new fold isn't using exynos I'm hoping that helps.
Is it worth it to trade my fold 3 to fold 4 ?
The price ain't a normal Spec of the phone ...
All depends,what do ye use your phones for? Had a fold 3,for about a week,spend a lot of time on the beach with my dog,just a completely stupid place to bring one,I’ve now got an s22 ultra and an iPhone 13 pro max. There’s no comparison,the iPhone is absolutely streets ahead of the s22,so laggy at times,if you really want to see the difference,just scroll through twitter on both devices,the 120hz screen on the iPhone is unmatched. The s22 ultra makes me glad I don’t suffer from epilepsy tbh.
Not me watching this on a fold4! ,Awesome phone
Can use a keyboard…a physical keyboard
Stick to iPhone…
I just got email from Samsung saying mine will be delivered tomorrow and not the 26th August, anyone else got this email
tbf is you want to pay that money for a gimmic than thats cool. My opinion is that you should be thinking about performance and longevity. The fold and flip are way overpriced based on the specifications and longevity it provides. The screen being so thin can cause issues with screen marks and breaks. the noticeable crease is ridiculous to have 4 gens later imo, you may aswell use two separate screens with a near seamless edge.  If you are to spend the money its best to go with the top Samsung that is the S22 Ultra Or the top Iphone that is The iPhone 13 Pro Max.
Tell Samsung this : If they want to make foldable phone make sure they do their research first. Fold 4 is disappointed as fold 3
why would i pay 2k for a 3 screen phone with a 4400mah battery and lower specs than a 12mth old s22 ultra? Samsung, you high?
Hey tom think the trackpad feature would come to the fold 3 and flip 3 or do you think it'll stay exclusive to the flip and fold 4?
What?!?! You're saying the Flip update is more significant than the Fold? What world are you living in? 😂 The Fold has twice as many updates as the Flip. Just silly!
I was going for the green color but after seeing that beige in that video 🤩
Nope, still not interested.
I'd never buy an folding phone, but for some reason I really enjoy just watching the review lol
SORRY GUYS THEY DROPPED THE BALL ON THIS ONE!!   I was looking forward upgrading for my Galaxy Note 9 that I still love!! Technology is kind of hit a wall... There's only so much processing power you need, clarity and screens and everything else.   The fold look like the natural upgrade and direction.   WHERE THEY DROP THE BALL IS THE CAMERAS!!!   It is unbelievable that they can't put the same exact cameras they even have on the Samsung 21 ultra!!   Instead of getting of those three cameras the104 MEGAPIXEL CAMERA, THE 10 TIMES OPTICAL ZOOM!! THE 40 MEGAPIXEL FRONT CAMERA,   You get ( only a 50 rear camera,  ridiculously low 4 megapixel under screen selfie camera, only a 10 megapixel folded selfie camera,AND ONLY A 3X TIMES OPTICAL ZOOM!! WHAT!!   A PHONE THAT COSTS ALMOST $1,700 AND YOU CAN'T GIVE US THE SAME CAMERAS THAT ARE ON A PHONE LIKE THE S21 ULTRA THAT'S ALMOST 2 YEARS OLD!!   And the kick in the butt no stylus pen!!  And you can't put it in the body of the phone? 1700 SMH!!   ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!   Sorry I'll be waiting again I will not be upgrading!! Note 9 is just fine..  Come on Samsung get with it.. flagship phone like this and you can't get the most recent camera upgrades for a boatload of money!!   Nickel and diamond their customers I love Samsung they're my favorite company but you're pushing me away and probably a ton of others.
No built in S Pen, no reduced crease,  same battery size, and no S pen support on the outside screen. pretty disappointing if you are coming from a Fold 3.
I'm buying this phone just for that taskbar 🙄
Ordered mine tonight
Not gonna lie the upgrades are underwelming. Could have have better cameras and tried to reduce the 'gap' of when folded. The main feature i would have liked would have been a larger external screen
Getting 925 for 1st gen fold sounds great
I'm excited to get my Fold 4. I have the fold 3 and in a perfect world everything would be perfect but it's technology and every year Samsung will make improvements,so the small things aren't a deal breaker for me😊
Tempted but still too expensive. Nice review, thanks.
Good review! Good to know my January purchase of Fold 3 is still awesome. It's not like my Notes but definitely Fold 3 is great for entertainment and gaming.
Is there a link that works for Europe? Thank you for great content.
I sure hope Samsung don't make the cover screen any wider as it will affect the inside screen when viewing content in landscape making them narrow with bigger black bars top and bottom. Plus not as well fitting in pockets or hands.
Hi @The Tech Chap! I am really curious about a comparison between the Fold 4 and Mi Mix Fold 2. I think the Mix fold is the real competitor here. I have the fold 3 and the biggest issues is the fron screen being so narrow and tough to type on and also battery life. As a bonus it is also very thin and the closest feel to a normal smartphone when folded. If they release it it seems to have the potential to be the best foldable by a bit. thanks and well done on your videos!
I HOPE NEXT YEAR'S Z FOLD WILL HAVE,,  500PPI SQUARE EDGE CORNER LIKE THE S22 ULTRA CURVED DISPLAY S PEN A BIT THINNER 108 OR, 200 MP CAMERA BATTERY PERFORMANCES LIKE S 22 ULTRA AND BETTER COLOURS AND NIGHTOGRAPHY
For US customers only:  Buy BestBuy Z Flip3 = ~$220 after tax = $900 credit from Samsung Use promotion codes (they change the codes roughly every day, use your Google properly :-), then get Z Fold4 512g + S Pen and the case + Watch5 Pro + Buds2 Pro (with 15w wireless charger) + software bundle (I don't care of them but anyway you will have them): 6 months OneDrive 100GB  + YT Premium 4 Months + Spotify 3 months + 4 months of SiriusXM streaming = ~$980 after tax (Used edu discount for ~$50) (if you 're a new customer Samsung will offer you an 10% more discount, but I don't know if it can go with the edu discount at the same time) In the end, Z Fold4 512g + Spen and the case + watch 5 pro + buds 2 pro + Z Flip3 (for up to 2 and a half months) + 6 months OneDrive 100GB  + YT Premium 4 Months + Spotify 3 months + 4 months of SiriusXM streaming = ~$1200, insane.
If you have the us version of the fold 4 can you please check if i can choose the german (deutsch) language? Thx so much
Right off the bat it looks too reflective
I don't know why Samsung gets a pass on that outside screen.   Absurdly narrow.   Reviews should hit it harder for it's awkward scale.
I still got the first gen and it works gr8..no need to upgrade to the 4..
Funny how no one acted the same way when Huawei brought out a way better flip and fold recently smh
Somebody needs to make a protective case for this unit  that contains a telescopic lens over camera, an extra battery, and an internal s pen slot, all inside the protective case!  That would sell like hot-cakes! I don't care how much thicker the whole unit gets...!
25w charging in this day and age for those prices LOL no excuse Samsung, if my redmi note 11 pro+ 5g can have 120w super charging then so can Samsung phones!
I just can't think of how I'd use it. Seems like a real niche market
Pls do the comparison..Samsung should learn making foldable phones from Vivo, Huawei and Oppo
Having played with the fold 4 for a week now I can confidently say the unnoticeable improvements will be the backbone to why this phone is a true success. Better build, better quality  screen, and UI improvements will be a breath away from catching up to the s22 and iPhone's continued popularity.
Will the fold 3 covers work on fold 4 with the skimmer bezels and the wider front screen?
Does the Fold 4 can I transfer my sd card from the Note 21 Ultra to it..
i would watch streaming movies and series on these screens all day
Rumors suggest Apple might release a foldable iPhone as early as 2024.  I can't wait when Apple does an Foldable phone
I keep getting distracted by how good looking Tech Chap is ❤❤😂😅😅😊
Question. What does it mean that it's only IPX8 and not IP68? I know about the dust thing, but what kind of extra care do I need to give this phone due to that?  I don't think dust can enter inside a phone that has a water-resistance rating of 8, so why the X rating for dust-resistance? Is it only the crease that I should clean with microfiber occasionally? Or is dust really going to enter the phone and build up under the screen or something?
As an owner of the Thom Browne Fold 3, this is not what I consider upgrade worthy. Disappointed in fact. In fact, I feel like going to the regular fold 4 from the Thom Browne edition is actually downgrading.
Currently have the fold 2, just ordered the fold 4. No complaints whatsoever.....still love the fold 2 but we love an upgrade after a little while don't we! 👌🏼
Great video as always! As much as I would love a fold phone I am gutted that the cameras are not as good as that of the 22 ultra which I currently have given the price point of the phone you would think they would have the best cameras overall 😭
I was thinking about skipping the Fold 4 & the Flip 4. but I changed my mind.  There was a nice trade bundle deal and I couldn't avoid it.😆👍  Especially the Flip 4, I only paid $150 to get a new phone + a watch + earbuds!!
I have a z fold 2 and there's a task bar. It's a recent apps taskbar, but it does the same basic thing as the new one, maybe a little less functional but still useful and definitely not non-existent. It's not baked-in to the OS, you have to enable it via Good Lock > Notistar, but that's a Samsung app so I consider it a part of the phone, just not installed by default.
It's funny when people are surprised that Samsung is slow to adopt faster wireless charging.   People have already forgotten the Note 7 fiasco. Batteries were exploding. It nearly killed the cell phone maker and some people died from the fires.
Where did you get ur Huawei mate X's 2 from? I'm from UK nd trying to find it?
I'll wait for the fold 5
I got a Fold 3, but it looks like I'm going to be jumping back to the "Note" S22 or S23 Ultra shortly. I use the SPen a ton and loved it being in the device. Not a big deal, I know it'll come along and I love the Fold for a lot of reasons, but so far none of the SPen cases have really done it for me. They feel very weird to hold, so I was holding out hope we'd get a fold with a built in smaller SPen. Hoping maybe in a year or two we see it and I'm back to using a fold. (Assuming between now and when I order whichever S22/23 I decide on that I don't find an SPen case for the Fold 3 that works well)
I'll buy the fold phone from Samsung when it's with stylus in body.  I'm gonna get a old version of fold phones. I think by fold 5 I may consider it.
What wallpaper is that on your screen?
the crazy thing is its a phone and it costs more than a pc or good laptop i know this sounds stupid but its a phone to me and  i think its just far too expensive
I think the fold is a great phone for gamers like me and ppl that ride to and from work on a train. Love unfolding mine and watching YouTube while heading to work.
3.5 mm jwck?
I pre-ordered the Black color Fold4. But after seeing the Gray-green color, I'm wonder if it's possible to change my order to the Gray green before it ships. Does anyone know if it's possible? How?
What I think? It doesn't matter. However, I am looking for a new phone with a better camera.
Cheers buddy, fold 4 is a really interesting phone, I would definitely consider it for YouTube, and social media on the go.
Does anyone know if the largest font-size on the fold 4 is any larger than the largest font size on other regular Samsung phones, e.g. S22? Thanks in advance
I have the fold 3 and my only complaint is really between 2 things.  The front screen width and the weight.  I was hoping that the fold 4 would address the front width a little better since some apps just don't know what to do with the front screen.  Things get squished and hidden.  If they come up with some crazy deal like I got on my 3 I'll upgrade to the 4.  As for now I'm holding for the 5.
Wow... It's the first time I heard non asian people said Samsung right... It's Samsung, not Sem Sang...
I have the fold 3. As usual with Samsung I usually skip a gen. I'll hold out for the fold 5. Awesome video. My go to for all things tech 💪👏
I'm taking the leap and trading my s22u in for it. I only paid a little under 500 for it. They are giving me 1000. Plus the money off they kept advertising to sign up for to get more off when pre-orders come out. All in all, I'm getting the fold 4, galaxy 5 pro watch, case, and stylus, for around 680. I've been wanting to try one of these since they came out. I'm not a huge camera user. So that's not a big deal. If I don't like it, I'll trade it in for the next s series
The new Xiaomi is thinner, lighter and less creasy.
comparison between all 3 please
Jus not needed. Plus its chunky and heavy. I'd sacrifice having 2 and or a larger screen for it to be slim and light
I am tempted to go for the fold 4 but I use a note and don't want to lose the s pen I use it a lot
For those of you who are currently/have used the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold, what shortcomings do you feel when you use it?
For those of you who are currently/have used the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold, do you feel an increase in your productivity with a wide screen on the smartphone?
wish they would get rid of the crease
just asking for opinions, I was thinking of getting this fold 4, this is my first time of getting folding phone. should I get one? other samsung devices that I had right now is tab s8 ultra. my question is it worth?
The reason im really thinking about trading in my fold 3 for the Fold 4 other than extra storage since i can get 512gb at no extra charge from my 256gb fold 3 and better camera is the fact that like a lot of people that got the Fold 3 on release day, my fold 3 had that issue after the Android 12 update ( Tmobile ) where it lost the network connection almost all the time, that was very anoying, I did find a work around that made it work again but even after that work around i still experience a lot of short loss of signals frequently aswell as it going down to 4g a lot of times even tough im in a large city.. Maybe Fold 4 gives me peace of mind.. Also the workaround involves selecting 2 specific bands and un selecting all the others and that might afect my phone getting service while out of the country, and i will be traveling in a couple months..
Can't stand how narrow the external display is. I want the fold so bad but I couldn't use that display as a daily driver.
Just pre ordered it. I am upgrading from the S10+ so I can't wait for this leap in technology! It's coming August 26 for me woohoo!
I will certainly buy it if they can make it thinner. May be Fold 5......
....Maybe I'm tripping.....   All they did was add to the number of apps you have on your home screen row to maximize the space on the fold device...so what is this "task bar" mess lol
This certainly feels like an S type of upgrade. But I have the 2 so I pre ordered asap
Maybe it's a test to see how loyal their customers are? Maybe they're comfortable with having google to help them so they just think money will keep pouring in... maybe they really couldn't make their foldable phone better within a year?  If everyone buys it they'll just end up like apple, "people will buy it because we are samsung, no use in really spending so much money on making things that much better" type of thing. I'm not buying it, litterally and figuratively   Edit: spelling
The crease in the middle still sticks out like a sore thumb to me.
Huawei makes better fold phones 😌
If you're already have fold 3 it is pointless to upgraded to fold 4  it's literally same phone different numbers 3&4 Samsung doesn't make any offers with fast charging. Really disappointed. 4400MAH power battery is not enough for the size of this phone. You will think they will at least try to reduce the charging time. The only problem for me with the fold 3 you'll have to charge it twice a day.
Fold 3 is the best phone I've ever seen  This looks like a meaningless upgrade
Who needs an underscreen selfie camera in 2022 when you can have a "notch" on everything. Tim: "Take that notch and turn it into watch"..
I just got the Fold 3 30 days ago and I called the provider today so I can return it.  I can't hear a bloody thing on calls that I make but I can hear 9 out of 10 calls I receive.  I ended up preordering the Fold 4 and its not costing me much more than the 3 was, lets just hope there aren't any issues with hearing what people are saying when on a call to them or that'll be going back too as these phones are way to expensive to not work perfectly.
Other than the bigger screen this phone is a downgrade to the note 20 ultra and s20 up
I think samsung is just phoning it in they didn't increase either screens it the same screen size other dual screen phone like vivo x fold the cover is a full phone size.
I don't feel bad for being impatient and buying a fold 3 earlier this year after seeing this.  The fold 4 looks pretty much the same and I don't really use the cameras that often and don't really need the faster processor either.
Hey Tom. You have to review Mi Mix Fold 2, please! I think that one is much better in every aspect.
I have a few questions on the fold 4.. does it dex, does the browser behave like a desktop now not a mobile (due to it being a tablet now) does the dual sim model accept a micro sd rather than a sim card, and does the lower tdp of the snapdragon vs the exynos we usually get make a difference towards heat dissipation.
its an bigger change than 5 generations of iphones.
It's a shame from Samsung to launch the nearly same phone that last year...hope Xiaomi, Oppo or Vivo will launch there foldable phones in Europe to make Samsung be better for the Fold 5...hegemony's never good for customers !
There is nothing significantly better about the Fold 4 compared to the Fold 3, just a few minor improvements making it overall rather disappointing.
The biggest business idea was from samsung to pay us government to blacklist huawei,from that day they dont do NOTHING i mean NOTHING ,these "uppgrades" the factrory custodian could do in one year alone ,what a shame for 1800 euros....PS the phone is lighter than fold 3 just in case you are totally fool and want to uppgrade your existing case do not fit....another 70 euros spent for 2mm Samsuing you are the best:D (No, cases for the Galaxy Z Fold 3 do not fit the Z Fold 4. The two phones may look very similar in shape in size, but their dimensions are different enough to make Fold 3 cases incompatible with the Fold 4.)
Stop putting a camera under the big screen. It's not needed.
Not worth it! SKIP!
man u look like christian eriksen. srry for being off topic.
Pre order bonuses are really lackluster. 200$/€ add on to exchange device and 1 year of Samsung Care for free. There is 24 months of 0 interest payment plan.... But compared to Fold 3 pre order bonuses those are weak show.
when is this guy gonna upload in 16:10??
without the existence of notable competition in the market space, Samsung has gotten pretty complacent with incremental upgrades in my opinion. Offerings from Huawei and Oppo would be such great contenders if they were in the U.S. market and if the former could get un-blacklisted for Google services.
Will you purchase the Z Flip 4 ?,       If you can get your mitts on one can you do a detail video on the Photo and video capabilities of this mobile; also sharing your thoughts on the output and the outputting of content to say HDMI Monitor / TV, printing out, etc.     These mobiles are really becoming very good image / video capture devices that are muscling on big time of traditional DSLR and mirrorless Cameras
Excellent news video clip of the new mobile and only stumble on your channel just today;          Did quick flick of your channel and you have done some excellent and detailed tech video; now become a subscriber.          Keep up the good videos and channel content.
suppose the screen will fall off like the previous models ?
I prefor vivo fold. Way better and cheaper
Thank for the video! Totally gonna get the xiaomi fold 2!
the fold 3 has a task bar
May be a silly question but how do you put a case or screen protector
I'm a long time Galaxy Note user (since Note 3) and I was disappointed when they downsized the undercover Notes (S22 Ultra) screen size. The entire reason I stayed with Note is due to its large screen size and phablet capabilities.  So for me the Samsung Folds have the potential to attract the Note buyers.  I didn't get the Fold 2 due to its slower processor lack of S pen etc and than the Fold 3 came along and gave me hope!  So I waited to see if the Fold 4 would hit my must haves and it did! I use a standalone camera so the camera quality in a phone isnt a deciding factor for me.  The size of the screen, the speed of it's processor, the size of its storage, the device having a stylus and it being water resistant are major deciding factors for me.  I'm looking forward to seeing how far Samsung will evolve the Fold series!   Already pre-ordered my Fold 4 yesterday from Samsung. It comes with a free case that includes and houses the S pen, I am receiving a $900 credit for my trade-in (undamaged Note 20 ultra). I can't wait to experience the screen size on the Fold 4 while playing games, reading articles and researching till my heart's content without having to turn on my computer gaming setup 🥰 This is a win win for me.
Had been holding onto my fold 2 in hopes the fold 4 would be much more improved. Kinda disappointed but will probably just upgrade for the sake of having the features and upgrades I missed on the fold 3.
Too expensive. Specially with Lenovo and Asus coming out with pc power folded tablets probably around same prices... Hopefully lol
The crease is absolutely dreadful and no real improvement on that end. Very disappointing.
That screen crease is pretty awful. I think the whole design is pretty awful.
I have a Fold 3, I have to say for me its a cool thing but I just don't use the big screen often enough to make it worthwhile and the thin front screen is annoying sometimes when typing a text, I think I'll go back to a large non-foldable for my next one
Will wait till next year to upgrade from my Fold 3 to the Fold 5, hopefully they will make it wider with the S pen included by then.
Still too narrow.
Kinda disappointing. I was expecting a lot more improvement. I think I'm waiting for Z Fold 5.
thanks to the thinner bezel on the inside and also thanks to that task bar it really looks beautiful though !
still that crase though... why haven't they learned from oppo ? on the oppo find n it's so much better.
oh wow the bezels look so such better !
Good upgrade for Fold 2 owners
The should have added an integrated spen like Note series
Lovely ❤️
I won't buy until the S Pen is integrated. Fuck Samsung.
£2000 for a phone 😳 I know more, and more people who are keeping the Same phone for longer, and longer. I used to change phones every year, but I've had an xz premium for about 4 years now. These current prices are a joke.
The thinnest for 24hrs bcuz xiaomi will release their fold 2 in a few hours
Not gona upgrade from fold 3 looks the same just got a bigger front not worth it if you use it mainly tablet mode
Will the UK get the Exinos again?
Incremental changes. Nothing exciting.
I will stay by my fold 3, the minor improvements they made, are not my concern
nice review and overall nice phone
I'll wait for the fold 5. Love the 4 just want it to be wider
2 months rent for some
I would get the fold 5….when it goes on sale
Well the Z Fold 3 does have a tab you can pin the screen you have to enable is from swiping from the slide app s
I currently have the note 20 ultra 5g and I'm wondering if it's a good upgrade I wanted the fold last year but I knew that the 4 was coming out TYA
That Creese tho 😭 😭 😭
Nothing much has changed. Samsung should fired their Design and Creative Department for stunningly poor decision making. Its mediocre at best.
Portland, JAMAICA in the Building !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why can't Apple come out with a new foldable Iphone like them instead of the usual boring current shape every year stupid !
I have the fold 2....doesn't sound like it's worth the upgrade to a 4 though...thoughts? 🤔
Fold4 outter display Spen Capable? No one is saying even Samsung specs!!!
Can u compare the camera of this fold 4 vs s22 ultra !
I'll get one when the front display is as big as the Note 20 Ultra and have a hidden hinge like the Fold X.
no Spen imbedded  ......No Deal.
Put the spen inside and give me the ability to write on both the front and inner screen and I will be happy to buy one. I went back from the z fold 3 to the s22 ultra for this reason. .
i disagree, i don’t think there are close to refining a foldable phone I think there’s a lot that can be done in the design. The oppo find n has already got rid of the crease and gaps in the hinge so there’s a start, and second would be the spen slot.
i thought should be cheaper as technology drop, i think not worth it ... at least for me.
Seems to me like the same device... I'll stay with my ZFold3 for now
So why no Snapdragon in the S22 series in the UK then?
The Flip is just a regular phone.
The s23 gonna have a bigger camera and brighter screen n there no difference between the zfold4 or the 3rd on looks the same as last year
I wish I had a good phone I love samsungs
The trade in deals make all the difference - $1000 trade in on a zfold 2 or 3 - still over $900 for the original zfold. Plus the preorder deals including extra storage and the case/stylus makes it a much easier pill to swallow.
Fold 4 just a cool folding tablet.  Nothing else . Camera bad ..just like the s21 .. n way cheaper.  The s22 ultra is the best . But if you want a  big screen try the fold 4..
Nah no thanks
Yes would love your comparison video with Huawei Mate XS 2
Still on the fold 2 and apparently can still get the 1000 trade in with Samsung so def considering and upgrade to the 4
How do I wish I could have this product, maybe for free? Please if anyone giving the giveaway gifts for any kind of Samsung Galaxy phone, help and inform me maybe I'll be able to get it. I have been using a02 for almost 5 years and I ain't got any money to buy a newer version of the Samsung phone. I'll be delighted if I got it.
I had the fold 3 last year but sent it back because of a poor battery life, I suspect the 4 will be the same
I still think the Fold needs another two years before it's polished enough for me to buy.
I've just ordered mine ☺️.  Coming on its release date with a case and s pen
Really admire your video quality 🔥
Trading in my note 10+ 700$ off of fold 4 purchase:) on samsung shop for pre-order
I've just gotten a Fold 3 at Best Buy for $799 with 256gb and was hoping to trade it in with Samsung but seems like the features of the Fold 4 isn't significant to warrant trading it and spending more $$.  I also have the Flip 3 and will keep that too.
Umm so the crease? Any difference?
Love my Samsung Galaxy Z FOLD 3!!!
I feel like I'm the only person left that doesn't care at all (literally AT ALL) what improvements in camera quality have been upgraded. In my opinion, that is for dope IPhone users, who buy a new basic phone each year for a slightly upgraded camera.  Only enhancement in camera that ever caught my attention was Huawei's "Moon Shot" feature. I think that was the name and it was really cool IMO but I could never own a Huawei with China controlling them.
I left my fold due to improper use of apps like fb etc and apps would not scale properly when playing videos or stories.  Is this finally fixed? Since you said they updated to work with apps
This was a top class first impressions vid. Looking forward to your full review.
How visible is the under display camera? That was the single reason I didn't go for the Fold 3 last year.
Fairly impressive, BUT a vital feature: does it support a total charging bypass mode whilst plugged in (like the Asus gaming phone, Lenovo Duel phone, etc.)? So if you wanted to use the phone for prolonged periods whilst plugged in, like if you were using it to shoot long videos or playing games or something, can you set it to completely cut the battery out of the loop? Or is it like the Samsung phones where the battery is constantly charging and discharging if you use it whilst plugged in, so it chews through the batteries charge-discharge life cycles on a phone where you can't replace the battery, so people who heavily use the phone whilst plugged in have to replace the phone much sooner?
I would love to see a comparison video I actually have the mate xs 2 and often wonder if I should have waited for the fold 4 instead
Battery Managemen has been the proverbial Achilles heel for Samsung for quite some time now. I have been using my S21Ultra for just over a year now and just in that period, the battery life has gone from being good to average to downright frustrating. With all the hardware punch that Samsung top dog devices pack in, the battery management, especially on it's Exynos devices, is downright gutter level
As someone who keeps their phone for 4 years or so, I'm worried a Fold/Flip just won't hold up durability-wise
I am the bayne of all android tablets... just sayn...
Because Samsung is better than apol.   The answer to the title.
Got mine pre-ordered. Got 570  trade in credit  and another 500 off. Google fi payments are 52 a month.
Samsung is bringing android 12l with the taskbar to fold 3
Ill never buy it .. looks garbage to me s22 ultra since note is gone
Still to small and needs the spen to be built-in, it's still the completely wrong aspect ratio when open, and far to experience.
Awesome Tom, thanks for the early look, coming from someone who has been buying Samsung phones since the s4 and upgrades every year, seriously needed a change 😁I'd already got the s21 last year and got the wife the fold 3, held off on the s22 for this, so definitely going for it, prob be slightly inferior to the s22 but not my s21
My question is how is the inner camera of the fold 4 is it still the same as fold 3?
Is the front screen 120hz? and how is the chip performing?
Its NOT al-you-min-ium!  Its ALOO-min-uhm!!!  So annoying!  Listening to a OMEGA watch review earlier and the guy kept saying OMEEGA, its OH-MEG-UH, not OH-MEEG-uh... lol
Samsung best
hey tim or anyone does the fold 4 have pre installed screen protectors on front?
Why are we acting like that taskbar is new? My fold 3 has been having that for like 8 months now kinda really shows how little people like this dude actually research before making a video
i got a fold 3 and I say the price is too cot damn high!!!
I'll buy one when they make a place for the pen on-board
Is $1300 for the fold 4 with trade-in a good deal?
Thank you Samsung! I had to keep upgrading everytime new fold came out since fold 1 because of the improvements, with this gen I can finally save my wallet and keep using fold 3 cause they didn't change anything.
Still a small battery and slow charging. And no S Pen still..
i think vivo fold x better
Ill pass they didn’t add full dex mode when going tablet
Yes i love it
Would you guys stick with the s22 ultra or grab the fold?
7:35 says "Flip 3" by mistake, mate.
I went off Samsung a while back. I now use the Duo 2 which is just amazing.  I can see the appeal in the Z fold series but because it is Samsung, their tiny tiny spec increases at rip off costs, the battery within months will vastly deplete and yes some will say they have great battery life etc but largely they are terrible batteries because of the high ram, power needed for the screen and  the hushed up over heating chipset and finally combined with Samsung's hatred of the British UK market place for some reason is why I will not purchase their phones.
I work in a dusty job would the fold 4 be okay?
Why do you tec reviewers always moan about the the price of samsung phone phones but never a peep about how expensive iphones are?
Well since the first Z Fold was release I was wishing to have one and finally made it. I have no idea if I made a good decision, but you guys tell me:  I trade-in my S22 U and Z Flip 3  for   Z fold 4 (512GB) Galaxy Buds 2 Pro Galaxy Z Fold 4 Standing Cover Galaxy Watch 5 Pro Galaxy Watch Sport Band  Everything for $ 379.33
what camera and lens do you use?  It's so sharp.  Especially the A roll
The thing I notice the most is how thinner the bezels and the hinge are, but also, I like the new taskbar, and did I listen that Samsung is Working woth Instagram to FINALLY give us a tablet version of Instagram? 🤯🤯
I really wish more of Samsung's phones were spen compatible, even if they don't come with a pen in the box like the ultra and tablets do. In fact, I wish more phones and tablets had proper styluses just in general.
I was considering of upgrading from Fold 3 to Fold 4, but there is nothing juicy that makes me want to upgrade. Kind of boring actually. And trade-in deal isn't really that good either. I think I'll stay with Fold 3. Next Fold 5 better be a massive improvement over Fold 3/4. I'm at this point really more interested in competitors' folding phone.
This rushists' half svastika "z" is kept. I cannot believe.
Of all the early previews out this is by far the most helpful video, especially for those existing owners of the Fold 3 on the fence about upgrading ! Thx mate!  I hope someone does a more deep dive performance comparison as we know the snapdragon 888 often throttled along with the whole samsung Game optimizing service  fiasco. 8+ gen 1 being made by tsmc should be a huge boost compared to 888  Like someone should do 30min genshin impact gameplay compare on Fold 3 vs Fold 4. If it's much more stable and maintains 60fps longer, that alone is worth the upgrade for me!
Fold format; for the total Catch U Next Tuesday.
Nice videos. SAMSUNG will never commit to fast charging again due to the NOTE 7 fiasco. Their hands and bottom line got too burnt that time! Cheers!!
I thought the flip 3 was garbage imo because of its battery size my s10 had a bigger battery which is a couple models old and still has an aux port and the whole reason supposedly was to remove those for more battery room which is a lame excuse the aux port is still very useful and doesnt take much room i feel like they should put one on the fold series phones theres enough room for them
I have the fold 3 and my only complaint is really between 2 things.  The front screen width and the weight.  I was hoping that the fold 4 would address the front width a little better since some apps just don't know what to do with the front screen.  Things get squished and hidden.  If they come up with some crazy deal like I got on my 3 I'll upgrade to the 4.  As for now I'm holding for the 5.
I have flip 3 and want to change to fold 4 thank you for sharing
Calling EE tomorrow see what my options are, think I've waited long enough. Got a unlimited sim and a smart watch 4G plan.
Imagine buying a £1800++ shity tablet/phone that has about 4h battery and claiming it's for productivity HHAHHAH seriously you can't make this shut up. Anyone with his right mind can spend the same money and buy a proper laptop AND a flagship phone. Whoever buys a fold is legit stupid or in denial wannabe enthusiast
“The people will not revolt. They will not look up from their screens long enough to notice what is happening.”
"not seeing much improvement". Somehow apple dodges all of this..
Nah surface duo 2 is better
I laughed when you said my wife, you're her wife.
dont like the line in the middle
£1,600 for 256gb Rip off financial crisis or not!!! I have note20 ultra 5g if I trade that in I can get it £1086, still deciding. I do a lot of word and excel on pc or laptop, but on note20 ultra it's not designed for that! Maybe the fold 4 is, the other crap thing about samsung pay uk is you only have 2 major banks you can use the rest you can't! Samsung never looked into to this sine samsung pay was 1st developed.
For the first time ever Samsung are allowing those on the yearly upgrade programme to switch models. So S22U to fold 4 early. They really are trying to push it. But as usual , no incentives for pre ordering or pre pre ordering unseen like our American cousins . Usual price disparity towards the UK.
Had the fold 2 and now the 3 this one is not different enough for me personally.I don’t use the fold much use a normal slabs phone and use the fold if I go out..
£1649... No. That's mental. And completely out of touch.
Would love to see a comparison video!
Even the iPad Air does it better, & at what.. 1/4 th the $..
If you want to live the experience i recommend to use a tablet for 2 weeks insted of your phone then you can use 2 phones attached to each other for another 2 weeks. I don't think the idea of this phone is something i would like. If i need a tablet i can use one why would i use this big phone which wouldn't fit in my pocket. And its a copy of the older version.
Foldables are not going to become mainstream when they cost more  than a laptop or tablet.
Hinge: Oppo Find N > Samsung _Galocksi_ Fold Z  Samsung needs to shelve off $300-$400 respectively if they want this category to fly off, even an Asus Zenfone 9 has better performance with Vapour Chamber inside and 6-axis 1" Sony Sensors for camera  and bigger batteries for 1/3rd the price - this Fold-Flip not only gives us no advantage (like the battery life of an iPhone Pro Max in an iPhone mini form let alone an iPad in an iPhone form for example) but takes away what's regarded normal - the price is too much and just for a novelty.
Does the Spen works on the external display ? Thanx
1800€ with that creases and the worst camera quality (for selfie)? Is a joke or a SCAMsung?
Just get an ultrabook instead of this trash 💩🤣
I've got galaxy s22 ultra 512 GB in green pas for me but maybe i'm will buy galaxy buds 2 pro
is it worth moving on from s21 ultra??
Until that center seam 100% disappears from view it's a deal breaker for me and I was hoping for that in the new fold 4......maybe the fold 5 ?
Samsung should just get rid of the front screen and go full force on the folding tablet aspect of the Fold Series.
Samsung: "This phone can withstand 500,000 folds!"   Also Samsung: folds 500,000 phones once
I gave back my fold 3 after 24 hours with it.....its rubbish. Screen is too small closed and Too big open.....and you look like an idiot when you're using it
Please compare the fold 4 and the oppo and Huawei
They look same as last year’s models that’s getting boring nothing new
Does UK customer get the same processor for foldable 4 as the USA customers?
Sorry mate ,but HUAWEI MATE XS 2 its better !!!
Do some battery and camera comparison on Z Fold 3, Z Fold 4 and Huawei Xs2
Apparently all variants of the Z flip 4 and Z fold 4 are Snapdragon based. Can you confirm this?
I rather have a longlasting battery then a fast charging one
Absolutely love the fold 3 but can't afford it and probably won't for a few  years. Settled for a refurbished 20+ to get some of the benefits of the form factor at a fraction of the price but nothing beats the usability and readability of the fold, especially when you take it out from your pocket and open it up in tablet mode.
Really hoped that they would improve the aspect ratio of the front display to be more usable.
I think the iPad mini aspect ratio makes way more sense for this than making the fold even more square. You don’t really gain a lot from the folds square aspect ratio when you hold it next to your standard slab phone. Especially when it comes to watching media.
Looks like there still isn't an increase in the size of the folded screen. It is too narrow. Otherwise, the Fold 3 is perfect.
The task bar is an option- just pin the sidebar
I know some people are tired of hearing about that crease but it's still there?.
Great Review 👌
Love the beige 🤩 can't wait to receive mine😁🎊
If I have the Fold 3, is the upgrade worth it???
All I want to know if the battery life is better than z fold 3
The comparison video would be great
Definitely not worth the upgrade or hassle,  trying to get one, if u have a  fold 3
Does the improved cover display ratio feel any different over the fold 3?
Wanted to buy a fold3 (been ready for an upgrade for 3 weeks now) but apparently in UK you're forced to get a fold4 as they delisted the Fold3 from my provider's store (Three) and when I went to the store to see if they maybe had one in stock on hand I was told Samsung often discontinue the older models, so alas I've ended up buying a 4 today.
Ive got a Fold 3 too, these little improvements arent the BOOM, I need the Fold 4, no the Fold3 is enough, for me. Cool video, thank you!
Business user here, the Fold 4 would be apt for productivity, though camera isn't the deal breaker. I see a good bargain to be had on the Fold 3. Should I go for the Fold 3 or the 4? Never owned one before, though tempted. Help me out people!  Ps: That Beige colour is 🔥
That gap is still there when you close not too good
Yay more money for more plastic!
GARBAGE 🗑 PHONE JUST GET A IPHONE 📱
The Fold 4 is a complete disappointment with such negligible updates. I'll definitely be going with the Fold 3 😁
Is it worth upgrading from a fold2?
Does the crease seem to be less noticeable or still the same
My biggest issue is the aspect ratio on the fold when opened the black bars drive me insane once fold gets true 16:9 I'll buy an upgrade
Comparison video across all the foldable please! Vivo x fold, xiaomi
I think I'll stick with the fold3 for now, I was quite hyped for this because I was hoping that the s pen would be able to house in the device. Basically the same phone 😅
Samsung could learn one or two things from Oppo on the crease and under display camera from ZTE but overall it's an improvement
Still too damn small. Samsung doesn't even try since all competitors are banned :/
Why still no put dust resistant..:(
Is the Taskbar just like Side Panel apps only its just sit on the bottom? Tom could you verify if its similar, only redesigned?
Very detailed. Loved it
Looks very cool and I think I'd get a lot of utility from it, but with cost of living skyrocketing it's just not a sensible purchase for petty much anybody right now.
samsung, like apple, does not release anything new on the fold and at the same time declares about supposedly new innovations, I already doubt that subsequent folds will be innovations
Really don’t see the hype with the fold phones. Send the 3 back last year. Does nothing for me. Better buying a normal phone and tablet for same price or cheaper.
I have the LG dual screen and I really like it.  I think the samsung fold 4 is very nice and if my LG needs to be replaced I will definitely consider buying this samsung. Nice review 👍Thanks🌷
Not much improved from fold 3. Huawei mate xs 2 is better than this.
The fold 3 already have a taskbar (you can enable it from Labs) and it's better because it is on the side (it is more ergonomic).
I want to see you review the Galaxy Watch 5 Series!!
My mate has this phone and he hates it with a passion.  If you want to feel what real buyers remorse feels like buy this phone.
Not too expensive, just too lame. I can't accept cameras worse than their way cheaper flagship  ...and the absolutely same design as last year - which they never do for ANY of their phones. You would think they would try harder with the most expensive device they have.  Nope, they actually try less.  ..they could've at least shuffle the camera array.   ...Nope. At least I gotta thank them for saving me some money.
This is most definitely something that NOBODY SHOULD BUY IF YOU ALREADY HAVE A FOLD 3! lol
I'm upgrading from a Flip 5G to the Fold 4. It's not worth the leap from a Fold 3, and I also think the Flip 4 isn't worth the jump from the Flip 3. However, if you're on an older gen like me, and wanting the big screen and better camera, and have more money than sense, yeah, it's worth it.
I'm confused, I have the same taskbar with the same functionality on the fold 3 for a few months. I think it came within Goodlock but I really never paid much attention to it. I'm also confused as I don't understand what have they actually unpacked, I have never seen new devices from samsung being so much the same like previous gens... Maybe the Note 8/9 but it was still a bit bigger improvement then this. I just don't understand this
Wow so nice😍
I’m more interested in the watch 5 and buds pro 2 reviews 🤔
Yes do a comparison please 🙏🙏
Watching robots open and close a phone is not real world use and does not translate to real world usage.
All the comments concerns in regards to the aesthics aside, holy swolly!!!! That snap 8+ chip is better in gaming than the regular one!!! Mobile legends gaming will be a breeze! I hope that it will stay at 60fps at full max settings
That beige color looks so damn good!
Does it has fingers Sean
Still a pass for me. Not much of improvement to get my interest.
Fold 4 is not expensive. It's just not for people with a Broke Mindset its a investment. A regular phone is already 1k-1.2k why not spend a few extra hundred
Maybe it’s just me but the fold 3 screen looks better for some reason.  Maybe it’s brighter or whiter looking 🤷‍♂️
I love it but I cant get passed the price. Its way to high
I have the samsung note and i love to use the pen for math but i find the screen a bitt narrow maybe this would be perfect for me
They just moved side shortcuts down to taskbar........same function different location..
I bought the 3 and returned that skinny outside screen sucks it’s unusable   If they are going to make a brick just make it a big brick  Make it normal 2 s22 ultras glued together in size
My fold 3 had a line in the screen within 3 months of ownership, and I wasnt even unfolding that much, as I used the outer screen more often. Samsung claimed with the fold 3 that they had done "durability testing" - which is bs. Even worse, was the fact that they tried to charge me 50$ just to assess the device, even though the phone was still under warranty
Still too narrow... - fold 3 owner
Hey Chaps! Tempted to buy a Fold 4??  UPDATE: The taskbar is already available on Fold 3 via Samsung labs (although it's on side of screen, not centered-bottom). So this isn't really an 'upgrade'
Fold 4 Look's Awesome 😎
Let's gooo
Which wallpapers are you using please say
Wow 🤙
💕💕💕
Yoh has the event even started
First
First! From Philippines!!!
