❤❤❤
Love❤❤❤❤ the lions of pashton willeet back with our Lions in Africa and twin city Zamboanga and and evetywhere  wonderful humands. Eberyone and england queen and kings ❤❤❤
america create isis
A
It is right
What is the textbook definition of revenue, *revenge
Prezydent?
:
The crazy part in all of this is that two Afghans one Yalda Hakim fleed Afghanistan because of soviet-Afghan war, she was only 6 months then, and she is now interviewing taliban that  tookeover in 2021 on bbc. I am an ordinary Afghan that fleed the country when taliban took over and Americans invaded.
It sounds like they plan on emulating Saudi Arabia's policies.
you killed civilians without saying anything what part of peace is that?
Teri maan ya bhain lagti hai, ya jo bhi ho,,,, tu kaun hota hain Gandoo Taliban spokesman,  keh tum log hijaab impose karoge, women par??? DO you know, how Allah (SWT) has given every human the right  to determine for themselves (after reading the Quran) what they are supposed to do...WHO gave you the right and authority todetermine the laws for each individuals personal beliefs..
BBC is a joke WION is real journalism.
Westerners specially the leftist liberals Islamist apologists are the worst form of spineless humans worst than Taliban or Albquaeda atleast they have a stand and they stick to it whether world things wrong or right they even risk thier lives for there beliefs. But here u have westerners like BBC and US media, Biden and company for whom Taliban who killed there citizens there soldiers were terrorists yesterday but today BBC aur there interviews as if they were legitimate govt of Afganistan who were voted to power and talk about human rights pardon and equal rights to women in same breath while they are going door to door in search of beautifull marriageable age minor girls to abduct and also to hunt for people who worked with democratically elected govt. Now Albquaeda is bad Taliban and pakistan is Ok forgetting both these collaborated to make 9/11 happen and gave shelter to Osama bin Laden. Taliban and Pakistan only gave shelter to him
BBC =to Taliban
Ready for the fight for  next week I’m ready for the day power ready
Taliban: “As we were saying, before we were so rudely interrupted 20 years ago...”
and…… we believe the Taliban?  A kinder gentler Taliban? mmmmmmm. No.
Lelit Victoria
No revenge on Afghans... tell that to the police chief. Last time we saw him he was blindfolded on his knees being exicuted in the middle of the night and left to rot in the desert... but Biden says this is the Taliban we can trust.
Mind set of Taliban is very wrong. They are doing destruction and going back to wild old Stone Age. Doing all evil act on the name of god. They can’t live happily and will never let other to be happy
Pray for peace
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 no one trust taliban
+Where are is the Afghan Army- trained for 20 years, equipped with the latest weapons? Why are these men not on the streets? Fighting for THEIR country? Why are all the young men throwing their hands up in the air wailing and whining instead of taking back the streets, the neighbourhoods, the city, their country? Every country in the world, that is a country, has had to bleed, go to war, to protect their independence. Why not the Afghanis? If they are not able, willing, to take up arms against an alien force, they do not deserve a country. What are we to make of a population that has just handed their country over to a bunch of retrograde idiots, who do not have a pot to piss in, at home, wherever they originated, and refuse to take up arms against them? All the men and women are waving their mobile phones around in Kabul, instead of putting together a credible resistance movement. I have no sympathy with these people. And why are thousands of Afghanis flown to to the West? What about their super rich Muslim brothers in Dubai, the emirates, Saudi Arabia? Millions of empty hotel room’s unoccupied their, can they not support their Muslim brethren? What happened to “ Muslim brothers & brother hood? Why not send them to Iran? The whole thing is a sham, and disgrace. Why should we, as Europeans go to work and spend our taxes on a medieval dust bowl, that is Afghanistan, on a people that run from an enemy and refuse to fight for their land?
Guess u cant trust what they say didnt last a week befor they went back to killin kids and innocent people just trying to do what you said
Love u Taliban
Today two booms 💥 went off in Kabul Airport where the evacuation is underway, killing 57 + 12 foreign military and 140 injured!!! TALIBANS CAN 👎NOT BE TRUSTED THEIR ARE NOT SERIOUS, THEY ARE NOT MADE FOR STATE LEADERSHIP, THEY BRING OLNY CHAOS AND SUFFERING TO THE PEOPLE OF AFGHANISTAN 🇦🇫!!!
i’ve always imagine taliban will go on tv , but ISIS
In every taliban interview after the fall of kabul the taliban positively answered to all the questions about woman rights, i appreciate that.
The actual meaning of hijab in Islam is not just the headscarf, it is actually to cover the whole body by wearing a loose garment that covers the body and to also cover the hair. This lady said “burqa to cover the face” firstly the burqa is not even worn on the face lol the “niqaab” is what some women wear to cover the face. The burqa is simply a loose garment covering the whole body. I think it’s important for us to understand what hijab really is in islam and not just say what we think it is.
Oh ya and please speak to this snake teerorist again. Give us his position. What???we all of a sudden forget all the heads of people the Taliban cut off on Camera??? I can not believe the BBC is so short sighted!!!! The Taliban remain a terrorist organization under Canadian Law and they will be treated as such!!! Canadians never die in a lost cause maybe the British do but Canadian do Not!!!!
🕊
We believe Taliban new policy will bring change in Afghanistan and the Afghan people.
They sound pretty same and I think west would be shamed again when Taliban will truly create a functioning and corruption free country. They are gonna be going big in history again
USA made a big mistake. We spent trillion of dollars. What did we get out of it. Nothing, Zilch and Nada. We are leaving behind military vehicles and lots of ammunitions. I hope that we don’t make the same mistake again in the future. We should keep the money in the USA, spend it on bridges and Roads. We are the first world country with ugly Airports. Seriously, look at the Airports in Asia. Singapore airport has been name number one in the world for the last many years.
May Allah bring peace in Afghanistan and all over the world 🌎🌍
Think of allll the money, time, effort, and American deaths that the USA committed and wasted in Afghanistan. All for nothing!!!! Fuck man, talk about cringe smh.
Nice english accent for a taliban. How teach him?
Plot twist - Taliban funded by Toyota
Ha, yeah right, that's a good one.
😏
big lie
Toyota is reliable tho
There is nothing wrong with US President Joe Biden in Afghanistan. These are all decisions of former President Bush. Everything is the decision of previous governments. There is something else to be done.  That's what happened.  Now is not the time to regret.  It's not America's fault. For 20 years, the United States fought terrorists.  Graded goes to NATO forces and US forces.  Don't be sorry, US President John Biden. The incident that was supposed to happen has happened.  It is now the honor of the United States to declare its support for the Afghan people and the Islamic government that is building the Taliban.  Long live the US President!
I dont believe a word.
They all look so horrible. Stuck 200 years behind everyone else….poor people/ women of Afghanistan, they’re fucked.
Yalda hakim western spy agent aftaid of islam .
GREAT AGENT OF ISRAEL AND RUSSIA.
The powerful say "what you are not brainwashing your people with a fake democracy like we do in the west?"  Outrageous!!!
Biden refuses to take questions yet, we have the Taliban answering questions. Taliban have a twitter account, While Trump Banned.
കണി കണ്ട് ഉണരുന്നു.ജോ ബൈഡൻ. താലിബാൻ history.lokathinde പോലീസ് .ആണ് പോൽ.haaaaa.
Who is to be believed - Talibans or Joe?
"Abraham was indeed a model, devoutly obedient to Allah, (and) true in Faith, and he joined not gods with Allah. He showed his gratitude for the favours of Allah, who chose him, and guided him to a Straight Way. And We gave him Good in this world, and he will be, in the Hereafter, in the ranks of the Righteous." (Surah An-Nahl, The Bees, Chapter 16, Verses 120 – 122)
TALK ABOUT HOW THE AMERICANS HAVE LEFT £20million WORTH OF ARMS NOW IN THE TALIBANS HANDS TALK ABOUT THAT!!!!
Why are they not taking about the taliban getting hold of all Americans weapons £20million pounds worth of up to date fighting equipment which was left for them to take????
The media are showing and writing what their mind for CNN. Taliban fighting for their freedom and they finally got after 20 teras later.
America invested trillions of dollars in  Afghanistan.  And only brought one change:  Talibanees learnt english.
This is strong sign of humanity. We love taleban for their humanity. World's have to overcome their limitations and change their attitude to taleban.
Toyota   vs   Nato
Taliban, explain why you tortured nine people to death in Hazara? No revenge? Lies.
The bullshit award goes to him..
Lies run for your lives!
if I were a person of Afghanistan 🇦🇫 I have already started fight with taliban for protect  this country , yes -   one day I will die why not today
Twitter lives these guys more than our presidents
Looks like life into a TOTALLY different world with totally different values, attitudes and behaviours. Imagine people from these societies in a western society... Actually no need to imagine, just open the newspaper and read. They are not to blame, to blame are the western governments who leave them into the country.
I belive them!!
Who else think this guy is better than western spokesperson .
My beloved brother 🙏🙏♥️♥️
Everyone in the streets holding an assault rifle
Woman was just shot dead for refusing to wearing hijab.
taliban: peaceful transfer of power **days later** **shoots protesters**
See, Talibans are not terrorists and bad people, but they are trying to make peace.
Yada yada yada....
Everybody loves propaganda, especially stupid western infidels.
"Girls are continuing their studies. – But women at the gates of their university are told to leave! – ... What I'm telling is the policy." Well well well
Proper Propaganda
Neither we should be puzzled over Taliban nor on what they are saying about. We should rather laugh at US by seeing what childish & scattered policy are being taken and we still don't know what is coming next(?)
My heart bleed for wemen and people of Afghanistan
The Afghanistananis
We promiss we do
We promiss we doo
Women cannot go to school or study if they go against what they are ordered to wear & will end up  getting arrested. No i am not talking about Afghanistan, I am talking about France.
These Taliban are so bad! They are forcing people to cover their faces!.... oh.... wait..
are their feelings hurt that people think they are not nice? 🥴
In 20 yrs the only thing that changed is now the Taliban speak like politicians.
A lot of things can change over 20 years. The Afghan military were corrupt idiots so serves them right. Maybe the taliban is what’s best for the country. At Least now they know to cooperate with the United States or we kick them back to the mountains again.
BBC=Fake news
WHERE IS ASAD AFGHAN  *Taliban Spokesman*
For me it's less about letting their women work and learn and more about how they'll be treated while doing these things 🙄
dont worry...taliban now already change...they learn from history
They're all just a bunch of uneducated villagers
He's joking, right?
peace on earth...sop the war .let this people live in peace
COVID: Nom Nom Nom. 👾
It's like KFC ensures the safety of all chickens
very confusing, the terrorists group now have a spokeman.
في الإسلام الأفيون وقتل الأبرياء من الإسلام والموسيقى ضد الإسلام.
Toyota beats super power
u know I have always had a mega crush on her 😘😘😘😘
🐎💩
There have already been reports of murders perpetrated by the Taliban. Why would they change? Their ideology has been the same for over a thousand years
I guess we can trust them then.
The fact that the Taliban have an account on twitter while other politicians are banned from the platform tells you how hypocritical and stupid the Western civilization has becomed.
One thing we ALL can agree on is Sleepy Joe is by far the worst President ever.            Fuck yourself if you disagree
nice
why would you even ask about "one person one vote" ??   that means that you already have  prejudice against other form of politics than so-called democracy.
The one thing that hurts the most is that nowadays people (all relegions) taking gods name for the most inhumane act is unfathomable. You are killing your own people, raping your own kins and butchering them. Why?
I genuinely trust them over the West, I don't trust that we won't poke the lion like a much of war profiting idiots
Wait a whole damn minute BBC NEWS  UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Avery good decision come on TALIBAN be good gentlemen you dont need ak47 to rule women and punish citizens
Wow they really know English I wonder how they get it from 🤦🏾‍♀️💀
BBC is working as PR machinery of terrorist organisation.
Poppycock!  A leopard can't change its spots
If you believe these evil people, you are as foolish as the people who believed they could hobnob with Hitler and not be taken over by him  and his demons. We should not negotiate with these people.
Sure they care about their safety and the youth of the Afghans! Yeah right! That's why they blew up a girl's school just 3 months ago and killed 86 girls. These people are evil and the US was so wrong to negotiate with them.
What about that comedian they already killed and that photojournalist taking refuge in a mosque BBC please report the facts
The tedious ethernet congruently squeak because myanmar supply mine within a striped court. best, noisy ball
Wait a second.. we've heard this before.  Remember  "we are having issues with plane we are returning to airport safely" something along those lines
The ajar harmonica family tip because bass quantitatively concern amongst a luxuriant newsstand. stingy, cruel wheel
the afghan army rlly don't have the spirit to fight it's enemy.
Yeah , Right . Just like Hitler said he wouldn't invade Poland .
Liar talking with another Liar, this is the video is about
Broke the agreement to share power with the Afghan government and people are supposed to trust them? Lol
I just hope this people don’t make any stupidity because of religion
Women can’t go to school, this people are nuts, that stop the evolution of that country
Sounds like a land of Dream now. Who said there's no paradise on earth
taliban have created a Palestinian like scenario in Afghanistan.  They are  unwanted child molesting  perverts ruling a beautiful country....ghani was a crap leader and allowed this to happen along with the western forces....america is out of control and should not be dictating to the world how to police itself, get your house in order before you lecture to ancient civilization....you bozzos...
1989 Taliban Vs USSR --- CYKA BLYAT GET LOST!!  😂 2021 Taliban Vs USA---- Strike 1,2,3 WORLD SUPER POWER MY A** GET THE F@#K OUT OF HERE YANKEES.😂 ????  Taliban : Ok now whose next?....lol🤣
Like from a different planet...
If you believe all this bullshit from Terry Taliban you will believe anything.
When promising this was his hand behind his back with fingers crossed?
If u ask me... there are no winners. Human life has become soo cheap. One man doesn't know why he actually killed the other man... it is heartbreaking 💔 I wish the Taliban... and the people of Afghanistan 🇦🇫 a brighter future... love from UK 🇬🇧 / Bangladesh 🇧🇩
So when are our boys going back in to kick their ass?
We will enter the city peacefully.. they went into the equivalent of their Capital with machine guns!  If Democrats continuously call January 6th an Insurrection - wherein NOBODY had weapons - what do they call this?
Taliban saying they won't get revenge on the interpreters in Afghanistan is about the same as Biden saying he's going to reunite our country- nothing but a blatant lie told by a politician
شكرا مذر فكنج قطر
The USA change the plan after years that they unable to beat the Taliban. Hmmm.. why don't we be one of them, grow your beard, speak their langguages and be one of them and now the Afghanistan Country is now ours. Problem Solved. Stop using Islamic in your plan caused you are the one who plan to ruinned Islam.
How many US troops does it take to hold back 80,000 taliban? 2500.  How many Afghan "soldiers" apparently 300000 is not even close.  Pathetic.
Don't accept the Afghani's over here.
don't be naïve
I feel sorry for those girls who will be force into child marriage, slavery, a life with no education or rights, and complete lockdown 😔
Corona , Taliban.... What next?
I'll give it to the reporter, she's got balls asking about stuff she already knows the answers to.
Sometimes I wonder, of all these terrorists come out of womb.
Well I believe him.   They're the New Taliban! Socially conscious, accepting of women, gays and are tolerant of all faiths. They're on Twitter and are launching a podcast. A Whole Foods will open in Kabul by the end of the week!  Oh wait, they've already shot some protesters. Never mind.
Yeah right. Kill them all.
The media lies they never prohibited women learning they just didn’t want to have western style societies where women and men are divided over nonsense.  What the western media cannot accept is that there are parts of the world where families what women to remain women and not the disagreeable whorish dressing destructive people we call women in the west.
S j w vs terrorist who has more common sense then the whole bbc
Dear BBC hijab means not putting scarf on head it means ‘islamic discipline’. That guy don’t know how to explain hijab to u in English.
We all know that this unfolding of events was part of a secret deal between the US government, the taliban and the afghan army. They didn't lose Afghanistan to the talibans, they handed it over to them.
Where were everyone's tears the last 20 years when the US military was bombing these same Afghan civilians?
Taliban told girls to go home, not attend school. The “policy” is different from what’s happening on the ground and he knows it. They’ve learned how to lie like any talking head. Keep repeating the talking points no matter the question lol. Crazy to witness.
These Afghans don't watch TV and don't know anything about Rambo and James Bond movies. That's why they don't fear us, they only see us an occupier intruders , and they should take us out no matter what it takes; that's why all our weapons and psychological wars against them are not working   Michael Hastings, American screenwriter
This is a sad sad case of History repeating itself, and is such a short span of time...
Not violating twitter tos and so it's okay? get OUT with that mess! Shame on you. You have lost your common sense. So many idiots on YouTube 🤣
I got a Honda ad, they're jealous of Toyota's free publicity.
Taliban and not violating Twitter’s terms of service. Man GTFO with that s$&! 😂 😂 😂. Idiots are everywhere. 😝
Sure buddy
Let the Afghan people decide what type of government they want. No nations in the world can force the Afghan to follow which path to take. Especially the Western powers too much interference from them and smear campaigns against those who don't follow their values especially from US, EU and the 4 Eyes. White Supremacy. 😭😭😭
The Taliban promise you that the bird shit taste like chocolate
In just 13 days billion dollars of properties goes into Taliban account..... Those are the only India and USA investments
Shows the importance of a strong, honest and transparent democracy if you want to stabilise a region.
Taliban spokes Person 👍
Leave them to it sadly our government brain washed our young generation that these people are living wrong when they have been living this way for hundreds if not thousands of years leave them to it fs look towards CHINA
Taliban are sponsored by TOYOTA. I knew it.
Then we will get the "Lazer" for.. one MILLION DOLLERS!
The Taliban are an unstoppable force. Changed my mind.
Enough bloodshed of your own people..it is time for peace Afghanistan in the name of God. I pray for peace and freedom and joyful life for every Afghan as children of God...please give peace and freedom a chance.
I think USA will not repeat mistakes. Trump told if he was president this would not happen and his fans also have same view. I cannot control my laugh. Ha trump can take air from tires of  Toyota vehicles
What a joke
Anyone that actually believes anything being spewed out of the Taliban's mouth, just needs a reminder of their views on women (not being covered at all times),  LGBQT rights (punishment  - stoning), and adultery.  Make sure the woke crowd goes and protests all this in Kabul !
640,093 deaths 37,896,582 covid cases, 1000 Americans are dying every day from the Trump virus, even after his WH took control of all hospital data from the CDC 'it is what it is' since Trump allowed over 40,000 infected citizens to enter from China via Europe after his shutdown.
Stop the women Education and Force them to as Taliban's women organization won't be trusted...
The United States is the world's biggest joke, the Korean war in 16 countries to invade Korea 🇰 🇵, was defeated by north Korea and China united against the United States led the 16-nation coalition, the Vietnam war the United States also failed by Vietnam and China united American withdrawal, the United States led the invasion of Afghanistan, for 20 years by the taliban beat out of Afghanistan, America became the biggest joke, Laughed at all over the world.
It is difficult to say. You know your track record.
The moment when you're talking about someone, and at that moment the someone calls you
This revolution is sponsored by Toyota! - Taliban
“Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.” ‭‭Hebrews‬ ‭13:4‬
Thats bullshit. They're already dragging people through the streets and killing them
I appreciate BBC journalist
So how is the Taliban any different from Saudi Arabia?
So glad the american occupants are out!! Afghanistan belongs to Afghans
BBC  and UK government are involved in this crap
So what happened to the old christian afghans and The old Hebrews from Afghanistan and the normal muslim who are not ,Suni or wahhabi
It’s crazy how Talibans use Guerrilla warfare on us. History likes to repeat itself. Vietnam *cough* *cough*
When u feel u have wasted your money just think about america they spent a lot and now they are running away from afganistan
I hope the world lends its ear to the Talibans. It is simply a matter of respect for culture and religious belief. LET'S GIVE THE TALIBANS WHAT IS DUE THEM. They easily took over Alghanistan in no time at all and even the Afghan armed forces let things happen. LET'S RESPECT THE AFHAN'S BELIEF. We have no business in running the affairs of their people. WHAT A BITTER LESSON FOR THE US AND NATO!
Excellent policies of Taliban.
I apologize to the families of the Afghanistan people, We have a President that is scared maybe he can send welfare checks to amend this evil decisions.  God Speed to all of you. We will see the same thing in America now to thanks to this so called leader.
The anchor asks " Participation, do you mean one man one vote?"  That's like asking any other country "Are you all going to speak English only, and get plastic surgery to change your faces to Caucasian look?"   BBC (and all these western countries) do not seem to understand that the electoral democracy system is not the only effective government system in the world.
On hearsay: Firstly, let's think and ask ourselves.......why would the Talibans torture or kill their own civilians or citizens??? Talibans are Never as bad as we think! Remove such ridiculous ideas! Be friends with the Talibans. They're our Muslim brothers. Al hamduLillah!
So when are you going to make comments when the IDF killed young childrenhttps://www-haaretz-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.haaretz.com/amp/middle-east-news/.premium-of-the-nine-minors-killed-by-idf-in-gaza-six-died-in-single-airstrike-1.9795774?amp_gsa=1&amp_js_v=a6&usqp=mq331AQKKAFQArABIIACAw%3D%3D#amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&aoh=16292605709728&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.haaretz.com%2Fmiddle-east-news%2F.premium-of-the-nine-minors-killed-by-idf-in-gaza-six-died-in-single-airstrike-1.9795774
Be with the world. Leave tribalism behind. Leave narrow mindedness behind. Develop and live a good life. Keep your God faith in your heart. To each his own with the creator if the creator ever cares.
This interview was fixed, you can tell Taliban spokesman is reading the answers that has been given to him in advance.
Oh, okay then.  Sounds good.
Taliban = Real Afghani and America = Occupied, that's simple
All fake to distract dumb people. Actors hanging off planes pull the other one. Just a coincidence that the plane had 1109 on the front and thank God those cameras were in place for take off eh.HA HA Fkin HA check out the white man running or the people laughing at the cameras, please God send a lightning bolt and burn down this corrupt child molesting institution hopefully with all the staff still inside.
How about non-Muslim Afghans?
Be kya h yu,, ye to afgani hi honge. Sdko pe, inki sath foto khechre
Western countries have been dropping drone bombs and airstrikes on innocent Afghan women and children for two decades and now that the Taliban has reclaimed power, we are to suddenly believe they care about those women and children? 🤔
Lol they're already going around cutting peoples heads....
TALIBAN TERRORISTS..LIARS
It was Afghanistan that caused 9/11
They just need to get some white guy living in a gentrified area to do their PR work for them. He can explain to the media how progressive the Taliban are. How they totally believe in multiple genders, how they believe in critical race theory and how they're going to run on a progressive platform in running the nation.
Let’s ask a taliban spokesmen what his policies are on women’s rights because he’s bound to stay true to his word right ?
STAY AWAY FROM ETHIOPIA US ..people of world America is trying to destroy Ethiopia like the others victimed countries  because they refused the government the Ethiopian voted for ..instead they want the country to be ruled by a regime who wants to divide into regions (TPLF)  and also is willing to do what Egypt wants for GERD dam
Well...we heard that before too that they remain in good spirit & that willing to respect all people's rights they say that but deep inside down they do not believe it & on top of that have to prove it first if they want to get somewhere because there is always the possibility the whole thing to turn around & to be deception again._
$2 trillion dollars spend fighting Afghanistan war. Afghan population 40mil, so you could have given each person in afghan $50US thousand (approx $4 million Afghan each) to fight the war on terrorism.
Media and it fear-mongering thing. All the drama in Afghanistan right now is media hysteria.  Taliban have been relatively peaceful, to be honest. These noises have nothing to do with women but just to create chaos in the Taliban's regime.
Don't Believe To Them Taliban!!!!!! They have massive plan there... Don't wait till it will be too late already
Taliban is already infiltrated by Pakistani Troops
All Democratic countries can keep fighting and blame game  losing Trillions of Dollars in Afghanistan  And  all Communist and Military  ruled  countries will keep making Trillions in Afghanistan
forgot Toyota, try Jeep
Taliban going to make things right ,but doesn’t wants to follow Americans styles because its corrupt their women
Afghan became the Taliban problem solved
This spokesperson is a total sleaze.
DEFEAT
America is a country with smart bombs and daft policies. Afghanistan and Iraq, just to name a few, are a recent living proof.
This man will single handedly increase the Afghani currency with his mastery of English language.  The Islamic Republic has taken over Afghanistan 🇦🇫, next is Yemen, Palestine, Jordan, etc.   Wallstreet is about to crumble and so is the US dollar and US power as we know it.  Because the fake Western propaganda media relied in the past on mistranslating Taliban and slandering them. Now Taliban speak directly to the people of Afghanistan, and the global world at the same time.  Don't ya just love it when the evil villain loses after 20 yrs of pouring Trillions $$$ and human sacrifice?
Don't believe a word!!! (some may think I refer to The BBC)!!!
Man im worried for Jamsheed the rpg god
Joe Biden so confused he wants to play Checkers with them
Liberals crying about masks lmao
Yeah right they don't seek revenge. Those people are purely evil and shouldn't be trusted.
Hello from Afghanistan 🥰🥰😘😘
Oh sure we believe you
(indonesian) here 😘😘😘😘
Taliban.forces make new uniform and patches insignia....
I Dadjal- Antihrist- mAGdi- mAshaah, listen to me!: ШаАРиАТ это иСуСоЛаМизм внутри 12 иМаМаАТского учения= 12 МаМатрополитское Второзавтное(Новозаветное) учение с поклоном трупу иСуСа- Исмаила лежащего под КаАБой кАБальной хАРиДжитской в Мекке, с паломничеством хАДж- Крест, это заблудшая секта отбросов человеческих, так как не наняты полным 72 Судьи "А"поСтола- "А"Духа- Сподвижника- Гаона- ПроКУРАтора Земским Собором- КОНом Всевышнего, нанимающего заКОН Земли Елиной Лиги человеческой по Официальным реЛИГИям, ЛИГИтивных только в целостности Земли без раздела на учения и страны- секты отбросов. тОЛиб МуТалибович, тОЛуй чАНгАЗИт и ОЛег Вещий Микулович Пророк Великий Князь Мира Единого один и тот же человек, он же (ц)АзАр- (ф)АзАраон Мира сын АзАра- Фарры- Тереха назвавшего реку Терек, Первосвященник "А"АзАрон, Коэн к"А"Гун, в т.ч. "А"фГУНисТАна "АБ"р"А"Гун(Ибрагим), АВраам, ОДенАТ ШахинШаах Мира, назвавший в.т.ч. порт Аден в Йемене, КапитОЛийские холмы в Риме и Вашингтоне, они от имени одного человека, это и есть Священный Огонь вышедший из Йемена соединяющий родными Индейцев 2 Америк, так как они есть Индусы, а изначально кАВкАЗцы- АВеля кровь из АЗИи, то же и СлАВяне кАЗАки это АВеля кровь из АЗИи, то же и АВгусты Рима и есть АВреи(ЕВреи искаженные на родство к женщине (х)АВе-ЕВе) АшкенАЗИ, тоже АВеля кровь из АЗИи. Этим Гог и МаГог, Яджудж-МаДжудж, генетическим способом Всевышний даёт каждому мужчине Земли 1/12 всех мужчин Земли родными по виду его хромосомы ДНК"У", без эволюции передаваемой от отца в 100% объеме неразмешиваемой, по которой Частичного Родства не бывает, и каждому мужчине родные по 6 из 72 АпоСтолов Библейских которые есть 72 Торных Гаонов они же 72 Коранных Сподвижников Всевышнего- (х)АвАзАри- АЗхАБов- "А"Духов Судей и одновременно ПроКУРАторов Земли Единой ЛИГИ человеческой, ЛИГИтивных только в целостности Земли без раздела на страны- государства- секты возглавляемые, считается хуже и страшнее серийный убийц, пришедших мошенническими тайными скрытными подложными выборами- Узурпаторами не Соборно разделившими в сговоре Землю - Земской Собор на государства. 72 Судьи Единого Земского Собора - КОНа Всевышнего нанимающего заКОН Земли Единой ЛИГИ человеческой ЛИГИтивные только в целостности Земли, определяются как старшие сыновья от старших сыновей, они и подтверждают Единогласно Наследника, это называется по Соборному ПрАВу и Римскому ПрАВу: Венец Всевышнего АВгустейшей кАВкАЗской крови. В теле такого человека считается доказано Соборно Публично и Процессуально, что Всевышний спустился на Землю. Есть такого рода доказательства, это единственный всемирный и мирный Прямой Путь (ц)АзАрование (ф)АзАраона (к)АзАрАлТАя тиТУлом Sol Invictus- Непобедимое Солнце. иСуС не получил такой Венец Всевышнего АВгустейшей крови, и определен Преступником вредоноснее серийного убийцы Варнавы, за это и казнь с вывешиванием на дыбу-крест в позор как преступника, его только 12 АпоСтолов- Сподвижников- Гаонов иСуСа- СаСанида- СоСиеТатИС Драконика- дРАкулу2 короновали, а 60 из 72 сказали: Ты не сын АВраама-ОЛега- тОЛиба- тОЛуя- ОДа- ОДенАТА и воруешь у Али тОЛиба ШахинШааха Мира наследство, а сын насильника АВимелеха- ДубльАВеля- дАВида- АБдубля вышедшего за пятку АБдулы пастуха Юродивого- Рюрика- Джучи чАНгАЗИта- дРАкулы- младшего, и значит не наследник, а Соборный Узурпатор и Лжепророк Вредоносный СоСиеТатИС Драконика- дРАкула2, брат по отцу АБдубль Кидыра Аль Джиллани сын хАРиДЖиТА- Джучи- АБдалы который есть пастух дАВид- ДубльАВель- ЗоровАВель, по которому были и остались вопросы но Соборному Старшинству. Второе Пришествие иСуСа это эксгумация его из под КаАБы кАБальной хАРиДЖитской в Мекке, захороненного как Исмаил из крепости Измаил Дунайский Игорь Рюрик изгнанный дРАкула- СаСекский- СоСо- СаСанид- СоСиеТатИС Драконика- дРАкула2- Рюрик2, и я Антихрист Заявил на его Эксгумацию в Истринском суде Публично и Процессуально сдав генетические тесты и заберу у дРАкулы2- иСуСа- СоСо- СоСиеТатИС Драконика- дРАкулы2 ПрАВо Вести Службу Всевышнему по генетическому  Соборному Старшинству, как потомок более старшего брата, чем его отец, по этому иСуС на Втором Пришествии становится позади Ведущего Службу Всевышнему Даджала- Антихриста- меня, который и Соборуется "в озере огненном" как (м)АГди- (м)АШаах это все один человек, который на Генетическим Соборе Мира Единого Гог и МаГог, Яджудж и МаДжудж признается генетическим наследником ГлАВы Земского Собора тиТУлом Sol Invictus, это и есть доказательство, что Всевышний спустился на Землю в теле человека. Не бойтесь генетического Соборования Единой Земли, не зависящего от цвета кожи и разреза глаз, та как всего 12 Деревьев мужской крови "ДНК"У" в 100% переданной от 12 разных Праотцов, а не от 1 Иакова в искажениях для ЕВреев ранее АВреев- АВгустов. Кто понял этот текст, тот перешёл Мост Сират, позади которого прошлое Поверхностное понимание Священных Текстов сгорело
Sure they arent going toing to be corrupt with there people
So if their not doing this for revenge or to use Afghanistan as a base why are they doing this
Condolences to Afghan woman and their freedom. Unfortunately Allah don't see them like he does with men. India is not not far behind either.
20 years  of  war    was a waste   ....
Never trust  taliban
Lies!
Si claro....
Still no need for weapons. Take the weapons away, take the war away. Global sobriety is needed! We're just making too many complicated decisions without using our ears first. Realistically, a peaceful nation is a respected nation, and has no need to bare arms.
No "revenge" killings. Only halal Sharia-compliant beheadings.
Im a Muslim too but its stupid to talk about hijab when the real problem is ruling the country..
Why the fuck do I have to watch a British news that’s not even reliable because they spread the same propaganda as American news how come BBC asks questions and gets answers but Biden doesn’t give the American people and and they world answers
Apparently terrorism is more profitable than bitcoin.
Trust the Takiban and the Repuglicans at your own peril.
Very eloquent and well said by the IEA spokesman. Prayers are with you for peace and prosperity In the IEA.
Another case where America is proofing to the world that they are not promoting harmony and peace in the world...what they are good at is to create conflicts between other countries for their benefit of the American....Afganastan...iran, iraq, china and hong kong, china and india, china and taiwan...the Americans creates conflicts for countries who are far from America but neighbours...then they will come in with loads of Army and claim that they are the peace maker.cannot believe the world still think America is the hero not the trouble maker...so sorry for the Afghnastan people...ultimately woman, elderly and the kids will be the ultimate victim.
Yes many of those on rampage to escape are Afghan citizens, but those are loyalists to the ousted president and his administration - call it political party people and their supporters. But the majority of Afghan Citizens are taking side of the new or shall we say the reinstated gov't of Taliban.... Obvious FACTS that support this are: -  There is no way that the Taliban is able to recapture more than 95% of the entire country in just more or less 2 weeks without the approval and aid of their own local civilian citizens. - There is no way that Taliban recaptures major regions and main capital city of the country without a major war and colossal bloodshed.  For more than 20 years, US-NATO have done all their power by force and thru their media outlets to tell lies to the world - destroying the image of Taliban government - just as how they destroyed the image of the gov't of Iraq... But the majority of Afghan citizens knew their Taliban gov't very well by heart.... Since then and the next 20 years, US-NATO miserably failed and left, while the real Afghan citizens triumph as they reinstated their former government.
I truly wish my brothers and sisters in Afghanistan the very best for its future inshallah.   I can envision (with the grace of Almighty God) that Afghanistan will rise above and beyond peoples imagination and will prove it to the world.  I have no hatred towards you whatsoever.   Long live Afghanistan, long live the people of Afghanistan and may you prosper faster than any country has ever prospered since time began! Ameen.   Love from Pakistan.
Hey Taliban - history tells me that Khadija, who later became Muhammad’s wife, was a successful business woman long before she met/married him! She invested her wealth in Muhammad’s mission to spread Islam. Without her success as a business woman, you’d have no true religion to stand on. So you better make sure you give Afghan women equal power!!!
At first I thought this was some talibanter
Truly shows USA only win in Hollywood not in reality- Taliban were truly undefeatable, I'm impressed.
Now they even have a spokesman to tell the world they are not killing and abusing all people in it's path! Hilarious.
My dad says this video is fake and the talibans in the video are actors…… he is the stupidest person on the planet
the world condemns the abuse of women. peace and respect for their women, we are all born of a woman, they all respect each other, all of them. respect, respect not rapes, not stoning. The world is watching what they are going to do with women. please
Well its a power of Afghan Taliban.. Afghanistan is a graveyard of Empires first Russia and then America with allays. And India is now crying 😀
The royal courts in Riyadh, Abu Dhabi, and Amman, and the presidential palace in Cairo must all be asking themselves how many weeks they would last, if a popular Islamist insurgency was coming for them
ANYONE REMEMBER THE NAZIS?
I met the Taliban once and they are sweetest people ever! Idk why media makes such a big deal about them! Yes they were strict in 90s and they mixed afghan's patriarchial culture with Islamic law but now they are onlyyyy implementing Islamic law and it's the best so like let's wait for a few weeks and see for ourselves if they keep their word and the situation of Afghanistan there have been so many fake news spreading so i say let's not jump to conclusions
CAP
Anyone notice how It sounds like someone is talking to him in his ear or something?
The american regime is the leading state sponsor of terror Organisers of clandestine activity targeted killings assassination's aiding and abetting exports weapons of mass destruction fuels conflicts across the world far as Middle East and supports terrorist proxies militants such as Hezbollah Hamas the Taliban and al Qaeda
Toyota: The preferred transportation mode of ISIS and Taliban
who are we watching in this video?everyone looks pretty happy and calm to me in this????
Can’t believe this happened to my country when I was a kid and now I’m an adult and it happened again. History in the making.
Mamamia; that historia! So confusing; makes me peeia!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZTX4yD2oAY   >  The fall of the Great Power - symbolic and literal
Afghan President is a fool,coward he should stay with his nation . And the US army should not go again there. Even US or any country from Eorpean Union ,they should not go again ,leave them like that that s it ,cause if they go there will be a lot of money wasted and humans life from both sides
This thing going on is quite confusing correct me if I’m wrong  20+ years ago= Afghanistan was just as bad as this  20 years ago = USA and UK helped Afghanistan and they got they’re own army and they were fine just till recently  1 week ago= the talibans started attacking and the deaths started coming in Present day= the talibans took charge of the whole country and UK and USA are not helping but in some kind of way they’re trying
Takbir. Aswalatu a'la nabii . remove all traitors .Not yet to Saudia there is a traitor stop people to ijira.So telban watching Saudi.People destroy alkhamu islam Corona and Allah which is Greater
The most powerful people on the hole world is just Taliban because they defeated USA with 48 others NATO countries without any  Technology..    Long live Taliban
We have seen one video in which these takiban are riding amusement cars. They are behaving as if some tribal people have arrived from some jungle or caves.
They have kearnt two things to use weapons and abuse women.
Of course they won't say "their daughters will be forced to marry and breed, we will kill the men and boys". Give me a break.
No need for revenge on widows right?
Will they also takeover dubai and other countries.
Afghanistan is peaceful This ruler speaking seems to be sensible.. peace upon Afghanistan May the Angels of God help Afghanistan and it people and the Taliban, to preserve human lifes
I think the Taliban is going to surprise you all! In the meantime you are stuck with your voting choice .. dumbest President In the world. Slowly, slowly the USA is disintegrating!
forced to wear hijab,no more education,dark days for Afghan women
It's a sad day for afghanistan !!
The next disaster to come to Afghanistan! The Covid-19 pandemic that will kill millions including Talibans themselves!
Hmm these Taliban seem to be nice people, I trust this guy on the phone.
And if you believe that! I got some ocean front in Michigan for you.
No reason to doubt anything and everything this Taliban leader says.
News anchor “ don’t you it’s wrong that women can’t go to school and now they have to wear a burka?  Like this is so evil it’s just wrong” Taliban “well I guess we could go back to another 20 years of bombs being dropped and having a massive corrupt government that didn’t pay its soldiers.”  It’s good to see the taliban win now, and finally we can put an end to all that pointless death and suffering.
It's scary how smart they are playing it this time.
Tell them about how the american military sold children to the Afghan police for sex
Im sorry , but did he say "head jobs" ooor....?  help me out
'Sir sir I fight Taliban, give me super weapons, many many super weapons, I fight Taliban'  'Hey Taliban look at all the cool weapons we got!'
Calling major bullshit
The USA might be helping the Taliban without anyone knowing. Who knows what they are up to.
Like in Saudi or iran ,there's the ultra religious and and there a point where..as in iran younger women with a basic headscarf and they are allowed to wear make up! Saudi have theres rules for women.as you know.its not the western way (tic tok  ..shake your bacon kind of decourum :/) obviously it's not Christian religion.could Afghanistan turn out similar, for the sake of co excisting with the west.
Where is the full interview??.
Congrats on the left wing trash politics ...Slow Joe will know play hard with China!!! 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴
Me to my dad: buy a Toyota
I guess the Taliban haven't gotten Fauci's decree to put YOUR FREAKING MASKS ON!! lol. I thought the CNN woman anchor was going to have an orgasim in her hijab.
Kudos to the anchor for asking tough questions
Lies!!! These fools will destroy that Country!
Biden should be in the next skittles advert
So we talk to they spokesperson but we can stop them
why do you indirectly promote this ?
I heared the Taliban asked for list of girls 15 years or older to marry off to their soldiers
It's a fuckin lie
They don’t even wear a shield or helmet
The ones who are against the Taliban are against the religion of Islam meaning they are depicting clear islamophobia. The talibans are doing no less but promoting the transparency and the structure of their deen whereas the west is sad just because of that..? And Islam promotes peace, as this spokesperson clearly proves  it
Anchor is annoying, keeps cutting then repeats the same question.
No one will ask the Taliban what's happens if someone doesn't  want to follow the state sponsored religion called Islam
I can't help but think that there's some bigger power at work behind the scenes here. This is way too unusual that it's actually scary.
The Taliban deserve Afghanistan, they've fought died and won it. I believe the Taliban want to build a better nation. I believe they have good intentions.
big black kuk news xd
To all the solider that lost there life...... it was all for nothing.... this is why I would never give my life to a country
TOYOTA😴
Afgnistn is not for talibans..
Never trust the talibans..
I love how bbc is white washing terrorists
You get a life chance to  interview  the Taliban spokeperson and yet you wouldn't allow him to finish a full sentence . my gosh no wonders why them refused to talk to the Media these past  years.
He can speak English
Q: But isn't Islam "the religion of peace"?
They should have called themselves New Dubai   Women getting treated like **** and being forced to wear a Hijab is basically Saudi Arabia and a lot of Muslim countries Sharia law is Sharia law no matter if it's a warzone like Afghanistan or a Rich country like Dubai besides I thought Liberals defended the Hijab?
The world is a better place when there is no USA!
"Mein kampf" was banned because it leads to oppression and killing of people.  Quran does the same.  It initially preaches love, but as soon as it grows it enforces sharia law with violence.  It should be banned. Any wise man in Government?
God bless and helps my Afgaan sister...certainly peace would be rise in afganisthan by Democractic government
Afghani peoples you should not left your motherland instead you all join sit together putting all you mind and intelectual Quality to build up a new Afghanistan which feel good to live if it is not for immediate result surely the future generations should bear the fruit you are lucky to live in a islamic state and your law is based on truth sharia may Allah swt send his Rehmah on Afghanistan and its peoples inshaAllah
Talibaan is terrorist organisation, cruel, exploit women,  in future there would be end of this group
I thought we hated imperialism?
Surah Ar-Rum [30:5] In the victory of Allah. He gives victory to whom He wills, and He is the Exalted in Might, the Merciful.
If only all the women around the world could descend there, to help the poor women suddenly thrown back into the dark ages again. I imagine being faced with a few million angry women would terrify even the hardest of sadists!
So basically all the billions of dollars spent by USA is down d drains besides loss of lives .What a waste of time ,energy n time.
I think third world war is near
Hope what he said it will remain on this word.....and no revenge from innocent ppl of Afganistan....God give then strength!!!
*biden's blunder*     Now even China warns Taiwan "take lessons from Afghanistan,  usa will not support you"
Taliban ko Pakistan🇵🇰 Badnaam ker rha hai. Taliban Chaina, ke Khilaf, virodh karta hai qu ki Ueiger musalmaan Taliban ko full support karte hai. Chaina, Sirf loot, Kabza karega afgan ki jameen per. Pakistan🇵🇰 Dalal hai, Chaina se paisa leta hai..... Hindustan to Afgan ko 3 million dollars ki Investment kiya hai.... Refund plan 📝kaisa hoga
Us is a terrorist country
What if Next Hitler is Born through Taliban???
I love how the wedt tries to tell other countries how to run themselves…the nerve 🤣
I hope they do better for their country
wow ..official name of terrerist is spokeperson ..nice
It's weird that no one sanctions Saudi Arabia
I hope peace in Afghanistan.
ISI wooping ass since forever
Now BBC and Al Jazeera are the spokesperson for Taliban.
Wtf where's my comment
Maybe send some fun loving snowflakes over they'll sort it with love
I respect thaliban but follow pakistan china n Russia 🙏
Afghanistan people r innocent. Pakistan china n Russia leaders r playing double game 🙏
I just hope the Taliban treats its women and girls properly.......they're an important component of our society and MUST be respected in EVERY religion
Hope they work for the well beings of afghanis..
These people seems to be very  sincere. They want all people male and female, young and old regardless of their idiology to participate in building a New Afghanistan 👋👋👋. No revenge. But they want their culture be enhanced. No Western culture, No Western Foods,
Talk. Is. Cheap.
we should definitely trust them.
In America, when they lose blue states to rioters and looters , they called it the exact same thing. Peaceful Protests....
Afghans are taking their country back after 20 years terror from the US troops. To the New World Order it must be difficult to bring up good arguments for having destroyed another country, adding it to their long list, and looking still righteous...
Lying. They are already door knocking looking for the names on their list. Girls are already getting raped
USA should get out of here. Afghanistan belongs to taliban.
Taliban says world believes  UN is joke
If you ever feel useless just remember biden always reads from a teleprompter
So what did all the servicemen and women die for in the war when the taliban are back in charge. What a waste of life.
Toyota: because Jihad in a Ford just isn't Jihad
Yeah right... there are already refugee women that they fled their village after the Taliban executed many men and boys for being Coalition sympathizers.
Inshallah, the Taliban will follow the same path in spreading education. Then, from house to house, Ibn Sina, Al-Jabir, Al-Khawarizm, Omar Khayyam will be born in Afghanistan.
No revenge? Psshhh..... why the hell I've seen a dead girl or worman in your hands.... hmmm Talibans?
Islam ❤️
If you ever feel like you are useless at your job just remember Afghanistan had an Army trained and armed to the cost of billions that allowed some blokes in Toyota pick up trucks take over the country without a shot fired in anger.
Such bullshit
Look like Taliban learning something from china--> learning how to liar
Videos online say otherwise to this lol..
They just wont call it revenge. It will bloody and without mercy. Pray for those people.
Taliban: "Shout-out to Toyota for providing reliable trucks"
UK, UN, whatever it is... you guys need to stop USA from financing terrorist groups. This is getting more dangerous than ever. Now the terrorists are taking over. Thats gonna encourage all the terrorists around the world.
Biden refuses to take questions.  Yet we have the Taliban answering questions. Taliban have a Twitter account while Trump is banned!
I wouldn't be surprised if there were massacres done by local Taliban leaders instead of the main ones
Damn bbc you can talk with them, thats cool
The protection of women must be ensured, everyone must be given the right to education, sports must not be stopped, women must not be oppressed as before, the Taliban must be more flexible towards women. They must be given the right to act, of course in the light of the Qur'an, no one can be killed without trial, if they accept these, everyone can support the Taliban, otherwise not. 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
When foreign media shows these clips, it must be to pacify the situation.taliban are the true owners of that place if I'm correct.
Sounds like George Agdgdgwngo on the phone.  Google/YouTube him if you’re confused.
The Taliban more progressive than the United States government.
Not only burqa ,hijab also permicible in new afgan , Hope they fulfill his promise.
This is crazy!!! Taliban leader is calling a journalist, this is unheard of. This is propaganda in the making trying to make everybody feel like everything is safe and they’re willing to be peaceful this is such a joke
Afghanistan was turning into a pink t-shirt wearing, Cristiano Ronaldo supporting bunch of shirt lifters. The Taliban will now reinstate their Islamic traditions and morals. As long as they keep themselves to themselves then good luck to them 👍
Present Ghadi is a coward and left quickly. And no one will believe anything that the Taliban say. Already we have seen that they are killing men and boy's that were friendly to the West. So god knows what they will do to the women! This failure is not only Bidens, but also the Afghan leaders and government. Both the UK and US have poured £$£$£$ BILLIONS and BILLIONS of tax payers money over the last 20 years trying to help them get their country back. We have been training their army to stand on their own for 20 years, and having been paying for that too. And in 5 minutes they fold like a pack of cards.
Handover ur daughters above 12 to talibani fighters as brides... Yeah not gonna buy this bullshit
How it come that all this taliban dudes looks like a idiots!?
'No revenge'  I've seen the videos........
Japan 🇯🇵 🤝 Taliban 🇦🇫         Toyota: let’s go places
Calling all leaders from Muslim countries to pay a visit to the Taliban Government and make a good discussion on Islam and of the correct implementation of Syariah.
If Ashraf Ghani had not fled the country like a thief with millions of dollars, the Taliban would not have called him anything with a guarantee and he would have been remembered as a hero like Dr. Najib in the vast history of Afghanistan instead of a thief.
Taliban's are Pakistanis not Afghanis
In few days other tower will fall in USA,  BBC is pet of USA
Joe Biden was Mastermind of Taliban
Damn all these afghan women are screwed, damn someone find the hot one and I’ll take her as a wife in America
What’s the point of interviewing the taliban?  It’s like interviewing North Korean officials
your move, SAS, Delta. 👀
Fuck terorist Taliban 🖕
Why it must be a concern for some What people should eat and drink and what must they wear muslim have there own identity you can't and shouldn't  interfere into there life's .
Westerners can Mind your own business and speak only for yourself your living is deluded and you comment about others who you know not 5% about properly
ALLAH HU AKBAR ☝️ Big Respect for Taliban from 🇵🇰
Afghans prepare yourselves for a real islamic paradise....
2:08
#Save Afghanistan from taliban
back to the good old Muslims, people will eat and believe that the US has nothing to do with this and now are 100% innocent, but when its covid? "FREEEDOMMM DONT BELELIVE A WORD OF THE MEDIA!!". when its muslims = i knew it, we can trust the government
اش يترهدنو هال الاكليز. نفس الخطة دائما. تمكين الأرذلين الناقمين
Lies! If not the Taliban won't be sending instructions for every home to list down their daughters's name, for giving them as bride to the Taliban soldiers.  If not it's national won't be clinging to airplane when it take of. They rather die in the air then being torture under Taliban rules.
I thought his first sentence would be: firstly I'd like to thank toyota, the sponsors of this video
Is no one asking why they can speak English!! We know corruption is involved when they can speak English and have brand new weapons...
Waiting for Rambo
Wishing Afghan can re-build its own society and country step by step, recover its economy and stability by their own people’s wisdom and efforts without foreign preachers or instructors any more. They deserve living good life, too.
So ISIS now Taliban....what's the point. Not our problem anymore ban travel to these people and let them descend into the chaos they've caused. We cant fix it let them try there way.
The US did the country like they did Vietnam
Wtf? We don't know future but this time Afghanistan and next another country this Disaster brings more disasters !! :(
Heads will Roll
Yea, Right😂😂😂😂
STOP Hypocrisy...... UK and BBC !!! - Habitual offenders....exposed yet again.
I mean if they do what they say then there is no problem. I think a good question that i haven't heard asked is, ok this is the talibans official policy but how will you punish your own fighters for breaking your policy? What if women are raped and people unlawfully killed, are you going to execute your own fighters or are they free to do as they please?
if you are the servants, accept that you are fired and get the fuck out
I think Taliban this time will be much more moderate ! Afghans just want foreigners out !
Taibans are best sales men for Toyota Hilux
MEANWHILE TOYOTA IS NOW SWIMMING IN MONEY.
well the shadow Government got everything they want. Gas Pipe trough Afghanistan, Ore mineral, and the most important, trained Afghani who will be a member of Taliban after this, the next level Terrorist that more deadly than AL Qaeda.  surely this is the real reason why Bush invade Afghan. for make counter measure before Shia Iran becoming to strong. scary realize this shadow gov already knew Iran will move their ass to invade Syria and Iraq, even after Saudi Arabia
Toyota is like taliban still  holiding after 20 years and afghan forces are like Ford all parts broken even with that much maintenance money.
هو بغباوته
What is he talking about. This taliban leader is actually Pakistani.
Talibans even said that they won't kill ex military and police personal .  Does anyone believe that??
Why no media asking him about what will be their policy towards women and  will there be forced marriages going to happen..that's only my concern
It's probably best for them to sort out their own mess.
You ever see the movie ( when Mars attacks ) lol
So let thet tailband   take over they don’t sound that bad
Afghanistan 🇦🇫 jut for the Afghans that’s it ❤️✌️
Taliban won’t prevent girls working and studying, my friend in Kaboul went to school the last 2 days peacefully.
“Republicans pounce” No AMERICANS pounce on WHY? Why were we there? Why did we stay? And when 20 years of our “experts” in the State Dept and Military’s decrepit Generalship decided it was time to bug out - why was it an unanticipated, unplanned for unmitigated HUMANITARIAN DISASTER!
Well, that went well. Thanks a whole bunch George Bush and every successive imbecile in the whitehouse.
How can any country, and its people, possibly have such uneducated men, who have spent most of their lives hiding in caves, running their country?
Fattening the sheep before it is executed 🌝🌝
No one has mask.. Beware of corona
I wonder what would happen if they tried to take over Russia?
the reporter always asked what it means.. this just mean that the reported did not trust the word of the spokesman mouth,,
Victory same as victory of makah
She Asks to mister taliban: will the women have to wear head scarfs. Lmao yah duh.
Telling towns that the taliban is coming when they are nowhere near them🤣🤣 ...its a false flag to increase the refugee crisis
When the thalibans speak better English than you.
Dumb BBC
don't trust taliban, taliban is assho
Us please come back and...killl this wild... Animal...
Bravo to Yalda Hakim for being so quick on her feet and keeping her cool. This must have been so nerve wracking.
The taliban spokes man should tell the journalist that hadits  Shahih wa Dha'if Sunan Ibnu Majah no. 224. طَلَبُ اْلعِلْمْ فَرِثْضَةٌ عَلَى كُلِّ مُسْلِمٍ explain our that Rasulullah said "learning is a must/wajib to every muslim"
Taliban spokesman: peaceful transfer Also taliban: clearing road by casually beating people 3:35
Why are we still here?
Everyone must accept their choice it is will of most people in the country
without any sabotaging, i think they will going to be great. If the robber get cut, the corruptor might burned.   he tell exactly what hijab is
Smokescreen
Force participation if not meet ur death
Just worried about women ( educated and earning members of their families) and children....taliban is enemy of such women and asking about their address..afghan students in India and other countries are worried about their parents back home..its been a week of complete cut off😔 prayers and strength to Afghanistan
Then why afghan people are choose to flee rather than to live under talibans rule...this msg to media are all lies!
It is about to get messy... Don't know what to expect :(
TOYOTA
Is this no Covid here? 🙁
This reminds of dictator movie 2012 aladeen   speech "We are two months away from enriching weapons grade uranium do be used only for peaceful purposes" !!😂😂😂😂
No revenge. That is very honourable. Good.
I never trust White media with fake news
They shouldn't have aired this call. It's only enabling their little PR campaign.
Its just a matter of time before they start having trials and start executing people who were helping the Americans. Also women who want rights will start being executed
I can't listen to this CRAP........ I'm sitting here listening to a member of the TALIBAN talk of a "peaceful transition of power" it wasn't f#$%$## peaceful when you guys were shooting teachers in front of their students for teaching , when you were shooting kids for learning. When you killed thousands of innocent Americans........ just listening to this "guy" makes me sick.   Great job Mr president , you just signed off on the death of countless innocent lives.....Women and children........ Now we get to go to sleep wondering if planes will be falling from the sky when we awake..... Get the hell out of the white house 🤡 🤡 🤡
Kisu.bolar.vasha.nei
Dont you ever believe in the Taliban. I worked with an Afghan female police force before and they had a similar story of male versus female: a brother killed his sister because she couldn't cook fast enough. https://edition.cnn.com/2021/08/17/asia/afghanistan-women-taliban-intl-hnk-dst/index.html
Kisu.bolar.vasha.nei
Taliban is showing that they are great. Every fools are thinking like that. It is not that difficult to wipe out Taliban from the surface of earth.
ha ha ha
Man I m hella scared that they will try to attack india now
Well this this happened in sudden after joe biden becomes American President.....trump was the great in his time biden is fool 😑
things look lovely in Sharialand
Akio Toyoda Ceo for Toyota after seeing his creations used for war, a year down the line... I am Iron Man
What an odd coincidence - journalist with her cell right by her, some Talib leader so happens to have her personal cell phone and calls her right on the air ... BBC in all its splendor.
Oh yes…tell him all about the girls that are contacting her from universities by phone etc, therefore fuelling it more and bringing in stricter rules for women. Stupid interviewer
Taliban is the best
Daaamnn...Toyota is so reliable they are battle approved 😁
Why is the western world so scared about Talibans? They will probably rule the country according to the islamic rule (sharia). The same as it happens in Saudi Arabia, where women are treated as lesser beings, homosexuals are executed and so on.. and no one has anything to object. Maybe because Saudi Arabia is one of US and Europe best allies..
Watch "Promised of Afghan Taliban with Ameer Hibatullah Akhunzada to support Islam. Taliban Bait with Ameer" on YouTube https://youtu.be/UIvwnN0VqCY  #Taliban #afghanistanunderattack  #AfghanTaliban
Don't worry, Covid will get'em.
Fck TALIBAN  HAROOMZADEHA
They will rule their like no one did ever ...and in future afganistan is gonna be most peacefull country
If israel is not a terrorist country than you dont have any right to say this word for Afganistan
Until the woman start to tell the men to do the dishes.🤣
No one can ever defeat taliban ...they have good policies and they r pure hearted
When the Taliban take more questions than Joe Biden ever will in a press conference
BULLSHIT.
Really just heard that 550 children's are dead😡
Just looking at the video, not a single women dare to appear in public now.
Our humble love and respect are with our talebaniz brothers
This is hilarious
come on, even UK and US are not 1 vote 1 person for the country leader.....
Whenever you face failure remember US in Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan. You will feel your failure is small.
No revenge,  only terrorism🤗
모,탈출. 원ㅎㅏ든..대로,잘..된.  ...썩ㄲ러..졋으ㄴㅣ.. 몰ㄹㅓㄴ..류ㄷㅏ..ㄴㅏ,ㅁㅏ저..하므,되는.
This isnt a failure of the US, its a failure of Afghanistan leaders and military; most of whom gave up or fled the country.  You cant expect the US to police your country forever. 20 years and 1 trillion dollars is enough.
Wow so BBC trust Taliban, in future if people suffer bcoz of them BBC will take responsibility and help to Afghan people
Look what will happen in VIETNAM..after the widrawal of US forces,,now the situation in AFGHANISTAN is in CHAOS almost the same during the Vietnam war?
I don't get it? Why would a terrorist organisation care about having a spokesperson or someone to clarify to the mainstream media about their policy
When did he say no revenge?
Fundamentalists coming to power. What a tragedy !
Well... looks like it's not as bad as the media expected...
BBC and Taliban🖕🖕🖕🖕
Wow so much joking in the comments. Well I don’t blame you guys can’t really say what you want on YouTube anymore anyway.
Turn over your guns, women aged 15-45, and pay the Jizyah and everyone will be happy.
Everyone: worried and politics    Me: Just having a nice cup of I don't care
Let them govern their own country.
Taliban now knows how to speak English ang doesn't need subtitle.
No social distance and no masks It looks like as if their is no corona there
If you believe what he says your crazy
Free TOYOTA CM..LOL...Toyota make good business there.
Most of comments are about toyota
make Taliban great again🇺🇸
Sharia law is primitive law. A power to overpower the weak
This proves Toyota>Chevy
We will make Afghan great again, just like trump says ops
We will make Afghan great again, just like trump says ops
Please Taliban PROVE everybody WRONG who think you are but brutal savages!
Loved the way she suckered him in with low confrontational approach into giving his game away.
Who defines who is afghani
Please Taliban PROVE all people who think you are but brutal savages wrong!!!
bullshit
This is painful n heart wrenching to watch... Praying for Afghanistan.
Taliban is better than USA and it's pupet ashraf Ghani's government and the people of afghan should life peacefully with them.
Love to Taliban from Kashmir ❤❤❤
The US were bombing schools and hospitals with civilians in but when the hierarchy of the Taliban are walking into one building to take control they couldn't just drop ONE bomb at the right place and right time. 🤔 the elite support the elite. Learn more than you're taught or you can only ever be a slave. Black or white. Love UK ✌
We believe everything the Taliban tells us. History tells a different story.
Suhail Shaheen is Philippines' Harry Roque. Both liars 😒
No revenge? Words mean nothing, actions tell the truth. Why are they going door to door searching for people? Why are they guarding doors trapping people in? Why are the people terrified?
Boost sales of your product on Instagram. This app only costs $3.
America is a joke. Vietnam now this. 😹😹
Taliban is telling western journalists, no 'Revenge on Afghan's?'  Their track record for honesty and truth is like 1,000,000 to zero!
imagine instead of spending money on war,  -brainwash- educate them  And instead of using drugs to control them, building infrastructure and force them rich and force them addicted on US companies' sales order what the world could have been for a 20 years development
He is lying. We have already heard reports of otherwise.
Taliban LGBTQ+ in the next 20 years
I see it this way, Americans are worried about the people of Afghanistan and I’m more worried about Americans under Biden, the Afghans have a better chance as of now and if the Taliban do take control at least those gender programs America had funded millions into won’t go ahead and those children will be spared from divine liberty.
2001 - Taliban terrorists 2021 - Taliban government 😂
Leave yes for the safety well done spokesman
You make me laugh about asking about woman going to schoolvhave you see this guy well educated them your woman in England
Woman are wife of men
Afghani happy about taking kabul
The lady BBC don't understand entering kabul take the country by peace she's not journalist question M1 , don't worry about Afghanistan my dear BBC
Where are the Muslim countries? Turkey? Pakistan? Saudi? UAE? Qatar? Iran? Are these countries tolerating these atrocities?
The final betrayal of Afghanistan by 'the coalition of the willing'. 'The greatest fighting machine in history'  taken down by guys in sandals on the backs of trucks. Now that really is shock and awe.
Weren't men and boys taken out of their  homes and Killed?
Afghanistan KO borbat korne ke piche atankisthan chini jinping ke hath hai chini jinping ke NAZAR Afghanistan ke khanij podarth ke upor gas oil tamba gold sob Kuch Afghanistan main hai Taliban atanki ke NAZAR Afghanistan main Afing kheti ke upor ta ki atankbad KO Barbara de sokte munafa kama sokte
I don't see any of the covid 19 restrictions being met here and im afraid this is a super spreader event and have they been vaccinated also are they lgbtq friendly too
Tough chance.👌 There is nothing decent about Taliban.😑
Ashraf ghani goddar hai Taliban ke atanki atankisthan ke atanki Afghanistan ke nagorik KO mar Raha hai Afghanistan ke nagorik Kiya golti Kiya Taliban ke khilap jang chero Sare country ek how koi BHI atanki koi BHI country ke upor kobja kor sokte Sare country tamasa mot Dekho Afganisthan ke nagorik KO bachaw
Damn, Toyota did y’all dirty.
Let them get on with it and pull all troops out
They lied. They are hounding and taking revenge on the Afghani people that went against them. Damm the cowardly soldiers and former government.
I believe the Taliban more  than the Western so called elite leaders.
Unless there’s not a camera on them
Taliban said no revenge???? Islam actually encourages lying. You know that... right?
With all the cell phones there atrocities will be recorded and smuggled out.
The Ghanies never made any use of the American presence to get westernised. They were always one step away from falling back to their old ways.
Palisy is to lie on MEDIA
Women r born like men.. without burkah or pardah.. when god does not send a girl child with burkah... then why society forces women to do so... God has not either given right to men to do this to women... men should not force women to have their faces covered... instead teach men how to respect women.
Terrorist giving Interviews to, Donald Trump Got banned on Social Media🤣🤣😂😂
All women of afghanistan should come forward and raise their vouce against atrocities they r facing... hijaab and burkah should be optional if a women wants so at their will... they should not b forced
I don't understand who gives the men right iver women and restrict them in burkah... men should also observe hijaab... in tidays modern era... taliban is forcing wimen for hijaab... this proves their mindset is as old as it was during ninties.
Again america coming to afghanistan To the next election to win
Taliban is being 2 faced.. its fircing women to observe hijab... pardah system...kicking them out of schools... beating and mistreating them.... and still saying there will no redtrictions on women.
Nice interview. It goes to show the Taliban are flying by the seat of their pants. Probably everything this spokesperson said was rules just made up!
She is actually talking to Sacha Baron Cohen
Those who flew are misunderstood l think..
*Now Toyota will be National vehicle of Afghanistan*
Next North Korea
Why doesn't BBC say something about present anarchy and chaos in Talibanised Afghanistan ? Why this hypocracy ?
Ah. BBC again trying to paint the taliban in the bad light with such nonsensical questions. The people in Afghan have spoken, so deal with it and probably try being supportive of the people wishes over there
As Taliban Capture Kabul, Burqa Shops Reopen, Men Switch to Shalwar Kameez From Denims
If anybody believes anything the taliban says, they are either childishly naive or just plain stupid.
God say these all Taliban's needs to get cursed by Allah
Bullshit! You will gonna start discriminating afghan people with exetreme measure of torture and rape them in prison.
Weird
You can obviously see that the afghans are happy?
and you are fools to believe what he said
Afghan Taliban or TTP should together demolish Durand line
America and it's created Muzahiddin is more dangerous to Taliban. Taliban means students, something went wrong in Afganistan. They have to understand the real thing. Actually they are not getting proper education and facilities. Some powers are disturbing Afganistan, but I believe that India should bring something better for their Country people.
Yeah lull them to sleep with piece and love then massacre them
The Taliban is taking back that was belong to them. The deep state stole it from the Afghan people.
So, Toyota's 20 years long PR campaign has ended?
BBC NEW
Cavemen are ruling the country, Afghanistan is now in Flintstones age, no more EVs but wheels make of stone crafts and pulling by Dinos... 😂 Great job America🇺🇸👍  Disney stocks are going to the moon🚀🌜🌜🌜👏👏👏
Lies…they were dragging the body of an afghan soldier thru the streets
They’re real terrorists ,, really cruel killers, American should used atomic weapons to wipe them out
I hope the Taliban aren't wearing masks.... Taliban = Slavers
Man he looks a bit like pankaj tripathi(indian actor)🤔
Who would win? Tank with very good quality  Or   Toyota car?
🤣
Now talibans started smoking some weed ...they are changed now
I'm extremely saddened at the continued loss of life, the in ability to eat to sleep, or to have a comfort of quality living. Real people, never having a word in creating this conflict must be the lost cause to this sad beginning, I'm truly, truly sadden. May God brings peace. Hidden in plain sight...oh, and his name is the Alfa and the Omega. Hidden in plain sight.
lmfao who the hell is gonna pick up a phone call during the live-streaming?
Islam🤣🤣they all will die fighting..
Taliban :: peaceful.. Afgan people :: on run way to escape from afgan
We pray our Afghan brothers peace and prosperity after 20 years of invasion by foreign forces.
Great interview 👍 Let Afghanistan be how it should be...no outside interference nor sanctions.  Cigarettes, liquor, drugs, pornography, weapons etc. should be fought against and considered crime against humanity.  We in the west aren't great; we just losing our souls faster...some people don't even believe they have a soul... Live and let live ✨
"To be an enemy of America can be dangerous but to be a friend of America can be fatal"- Henry Kissinger......Now Taliban will be headache for Pakistan, India and China. NATO used Mujahiddin/ Jihadist/ Taliban/ ISIS to detroy Muslim nations in Middle-East and South Asia.
Why women only
BULLSHIT! DON'T  BEILEVE A SINGLE WORD THIS 6TH CENTURY MINDED CAME F%%^^ER IS SAYING.
Kashmir did this and yet we r sacrificing and Pakistan is a best country but freedom is freedom...🙃🙃
And when they catch their breath,it will be on,the crack down on everything they do not like and the suffering begins for those they choose.
Just wait until they start fighting amongst eachother.
They just want push them western culture in our Muslim countries, they want our women lost Virginity in hotel room , in night club, in park, in street, like them women did, western nudity never accept in Islam insaallah
American CIA created Taliban to defeat Russians in Afghanistan in 1980s. NATO invaded Afghanistan to destabilize Pakistan, Syria, Iraq, India , Iran and China. NATO left Afghanistan to destroy Asia now. CIA is funding Taliban secretly now to destabilize Pakistan,Iran, India and China now. So never believe America. Never believe Western propaganda media.CIA is a big terrorist.USA is terrorist country.All is Americans games.
Oh , a peaceful transfer of power? That's nice. How did you take Kabul again?
Usa🖕
I believe him over biden
🙏🙏🙏🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵 🇳🇵 praying for afghanistan . From NEPAL 🇳🇵
Thst how Islam makes trouble
They just want an islamic country like saudi arabia so where is the problem? do anyone blame saudi arabia for being an islamic country ?
Taliban is playing no games they had seen How Sweet the US money is now it's time to become a politic.
It means Taliban don't want to lose many women. They need  women in their own country and must not to be afraid. They would like to protect and educate women hahaha anyway  we need women in our life it is normal life. Without women life is useless to fight and live in this world.
Taliban ❤️❤️❤️
Support Legislation in the USA to END COURT ORDERED RAPE!
One of these people is banned from twitter and other media platforms:  The 45th President of USA The Spokesperson for the Taliban  Bet you cant guess!
I'm surprised he's talking to a female journalist. Usually they dont like being interviewed by women.
The government needs to co.eup with some thing different	|
My heart aches for the women .. Just coz they are born in that country they can't go universities OMG
Yeah right!👎🏼The Taliban are filthy animals, they rape & have orgy sex with all women & young girls and kill all the men. They are ISIS in disguise.
America should leave their country alone. Let them rule it
Can i be in the timeline where Trump won the election?
This guy is talking about Afghans as if he’s not Afghan at all. Like he doesn’t consider himself Afghan. So there should be no denial that another country is behind this takeover. May allah help the real people of Afghanistan. And save them from going back into the dark ages.
They want a country and if people flee they will just have land. So they are trying to assure the people and then lock the gates. Mark my word and I am no politician
Oooh shiit we back to 2001
..ㅌㅏ..인..로, 집ㅇㅔ돌ㅇㅏ가는..캐나다..애s..ㄹㅐ니..하고,ㅅㅓ..향흐..댕..하고..몬.똮붙ㅇㅓ,관ㄱㅖ래ㄴㅣ.. 자꾸 g랄로..방ㅊㅣ를.해논?...  ..ㄸㅏ블호러..에..우주ㄷㅐㅆㄸㅏ..엿던.. 또,ㅌㅏ겪..큰..부류,겟는.. 주로.. 황제닦ㅈ..ㅈㅇ,중심.. 출으,밲조류..덜.. 에서.. ㅇㅣ..승민ㅇㅣ..형..엿ㄴㅏ.. 마ㅎ매드..댂.. 0굮생활..마무ㄹㅣ..도,준ㅂㅣ..
Peaceful transfer of power he says Sounds familiar dont it
Look, The Western has successfully taught the Talibans how to lie on camera. Voila democracy!
I think from this speech Taliban are not liars and cruel as portrayed in the Media. Hope it will be peaceful and good to its people as open amnesty is seen in other videos. Yes forget the past and look for the future.
It's funny he even bothers to pretend he wants to send girls to school, you'd think he'd be proud to announce his true evil plans for girls unapologetically as "Allah's will".
😂😂 let’s see in 6 months if that’s the case
Afghanistan might be in peace after this. But there won't be prosperity with these dumbhead talibanis who will takeaway basic rights for women. Why the hell BBC is taking interviews of those terrorists and making them hero.
Why would anyone believe these guys they kill people for fun, some crazy dude should go blow up some of their buddies and see how they like it
This is like ISIS taking over an entire nation. Afghanistan will be ruled by Sharia law. Everybody, take off your hats to the death of a potential Democratic republic and flip the bird to yet another country that stands for human rights violation. As if we needed another country like Pakistan, Syria, Somalia, Libya, Yemen, Iraq, etc. in 2021... 🤦‍♂️
islam is the greatest single threat to the future of humanity. Forget about climate change.
There is a very interesting story in this news clip So, Yalda Hakim is a news anchor who born in Afghanistan. Right when she is in the middle of delivering news about current Afghanistan, Taliban Spokesman Suhail Shaheen SUDDENLY CALLED HER BY PHONE IN THE MIDDLE OF LIVE NEWS REPORT. So Yalda put microphone on the phone and give the spokesman his statement live on BBC. How the Taliban Spokesman knew the News Anchor's telephone number is a story for another time
Alluban media
It is freaking awesome to see this political and social experiment live on Afghanistan
How did they think about UKUWAH ISLAMIYYAH ???
Who will trust ??????
They need to have respect for the women.. without the women they would not exist …
Religion of peace... 🤣🤣🤣
Bull shit man nor real
Couldn't cluster bombs be considered a peaceful transfer of power?
As long as the government can give his people a better life, that is a good government. No war please.
Right. I’m sure this “spokesman” can be thoroughly trusted😂…
WHY BBC is behaving like a' Chaudhary', They will do what they want 2 do...
pls dont ever kill inocent people, specialy, kids, older ages people, man women...
I'm ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳⁱᵇⁱⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳⁱᵇᵉ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡⁱᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰⁱˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ"
Mad interviewer, telling them everything that girls are texting her from -- University so they can catch those girls and torture them.
Brothers and sisters, if anyone of you finds troubles in their life, turn it to God who is our Father in heaven, for he gave his only begotten son, Yahushua Hamashiach as the payment of our sins, admit and confess that you committed sins that are prohibited morally and consciously as basis of God's law. Repent for he is our lord and savior, yahushua. There is still time before the day of our lord returns, spread the word and do not boast your self, but boast the name of our God the one and only, above and below, first and last, alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, who is and who was yet to come. Spread the word before the world ends! For the word is the Son of man, Yahushua hamashiach! Maranatha!
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS must be held to address something that transcends politics and we will never properly advance until it happens:  The 75+yr ongoing  EXTRATERRESTRIAL cover-up. How can we truly believe anything our elected officials say?
Next 007 movie.....'Love To Kill'.😎
Prey For Afganistan 🙏
toyota should hire them in their new advertisement
NO REVENGE !!! only executions and rape !!!
Hopefully they are meaning this
seems Taliban gave Afghanistan on lease to American for 20 years to build some building and roads .
Americans tried… they really really tried… sadly afghans themselves were not keen on fighting for their fleeting democracy.
What’s done is done… I just hope that this Taliban 2.0 will be more tolerant towards women empowerment to be able to atleast study and work and have dignity of their own. I also hope that there would be fair proceedings in court especially to women and have atleast have comparable rights to men.
The Taliban Agrees 😀
Is it weird to think that IF (an I understand this is highly unlikely) the Taliban let women and girls go to schools, at least things wouldn't be going too far backwards?  I mean... Gotta take the good news where you can right?
well, they kill less people then America n allies ...both are devils
Did we already forget that these people chop the heads off Americans and other people from other countries with knives and chainsaws?
Fuck BBC, CNN, MSNBC, and so forth. Fuck all of you corrupt terrorists. Biden sucks. Fuck the Taliban, fuck twitter, fuck facebook, fuck covid, fuck it.
We're Vito  power?
No they will not kill people in front of cameras  as north vietnamese communist said , VC killed millions in different ways  starved to death  work to death  rapped to death shot to death  stabbed to death  in concentration camps no body knows  right now people are still escape from VC ,both north and south
Except make woman and littles girls their wives!
If you really believe this peaceful transfer of power crap your a fuckin idiot
Never believe bbc , staged
Learned his lies from American Politicians
toyota ftw.
Lying to our faces
talibans wanted to set their own rules ,... let them !!!  ... its their country after all ...
Toyota's getting free promotion !
eagle🦅 is not pride❤🧡💛💚💙💜🏳️‍🌈 accomplished Bharat trade Benz best yes 🇶🇦 not allowed.
Supported by red China, They will build a country of terrorism against their own people as such  Cambodia under Khmer Rouge
I don’t believe him at all but I can hope and pray y’all
I wonder if the taliban will be rolling out the vax
Allahuakbar!❤️❤️❤️☝️
Too complicated for westerners to understand
They always tells lie for power...
Lol, you'll be a fool to trust what they are saying.
I trust him more than Harris
it is sadness when a media  supports the terrorist .
Just injustice
If he is telling the truth an no revenge happens then the Taliban take over of Kabul will work. The only problem is that the people of Kabul don't want extreme Sharia law so there will be rebels getting together to try to take Kabul back,  this dosent have to happen if the Taliban will just change how they treat women and kids even if it's just a little bit.
I believe that the Taliban will not be easy to control the followers since they are mostly uneducated, blindly Quran believer, being used to do evil cruel  things, being enjoying sex. And I believe that among the Taliban there are diferent interest and goal. There is big potential conflicts among them. There is fearness even among the Taliban. May God protect peoples of Afganistan.
Just like Fidel and Uncle Ho
We allow people exactly as evil as the Taliban to protest their filthy religious fascism in this country too.
That's not him
Well then u will allow women to be educated
“Yeah we’re not doing revenge killings. That’s why people are literally holding on to the side of lifting aircrafts. Because we’re kind little terrorists………ok is the camera off? *gunfire and screaming*
Beside Taliban's will die and can't stays on power if the world communities abandon them politically and economically so their leadership will be puppet of one of the power soon or later believe me the government of Taliban can't survive if keep going wrong way
Why the west bother micro- managing all these primitive middle-eastern countries is beyond any logic or reason just bomb the cities to dust and be done with them.
Time will tell!!!
It's interesting to see talibans understand they are huge under presure by international community that they can't control and govern Afghanistan by strict laws because it's beginning of their end because they know people of Afghanistan have had it and bring factions by force to their government
one vote one bullet that's what he meant
well good luck!
Bush said we do not negotiate with the terrorists. What a reversal of events Loool
Terrorist state
What about isis or alkaiada (in my George bush voice)
God help the women students.
The Afghan Government and the Taliban are Same lol
that is crap there is no way they arent going to kill afghans
Taliban trying to be a recognized government lol
That's what the Vietcong and North Vietnamese said when the U.S left and when they took over they put all people who collaborated with the U.S in interment camps.
Yay Democrats, Go Democrats, Go Democrats, Go Democrats, go Democrats. Democrats are awesome. It's about time we brought our troops home even though innocent Afghan men and women and children are dieing. Go Democrats, Go Democrats, Go Democrats. DEMOCRATS ARE VICTORIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! Good luck Afghanistan.
What the Taliban need to do is show us & the people of Afghanistan action & let the country have their democracy civil rights & freedoms for both men & woman while having & following religious beliefs at the same time.  This includes all democratic rights & freedoms including fair & frank elections & one vote to every citizen.  Plus allow all shops & stores to reopen including nail & beauty salons for the women & full education & work for woman.  While adapting & accepting woman’s rights equality & freedoms in public & on tv.  Plus allow Afgan tv to keep showing programs from the west & all over the world.  Open Afghanistan to the word & create a open democratic welcoming ecommonly for the country.  If they do this then everything will go smoothly & they will be seen as a new equal democratic country of Afghanistan.  What’s needed to be seen first is 100%action & not just words from the Talibanwho can’t be trusted  Fact at this minute all them troops & Afgan police & army & citizens who died for equality & human rights & a new Afghanistan they have died for nothin.  If this goes the way people are predicting the Taliban will drag Afghanistan back to the 90s & this will look bad & look like the USAs 2nd Vietnam & it will be the UKs 1st Vietnam.
Bbc anchor just trying get permission from mr shaheen for opening knight club in Kabul which is not possible 🤣🤣🤣
Death to America! Drives a Ford.
Taliban are discusting terrorists
Taliban shows us how reliable the Toyota pickup trucks are. I will buy one.
What’s the crime
I don't like the talibans choice of Footwear. A grown man should never wear open-toed sandals or flip-flops under any circumstances however I kind of dig their Vibe with how they treat the females
No one has fired a shot at the taliban in Kabul so far.
We have tanks, a10s, f22s, b2s... all that other expensive shit and we couldn't beat dudes that drive around in 500 dollar Toyotas?
"peaceful transfer"...Yup this is totally how peaceful transfer works
TB spokesman -"Not yet. We just got here"
Taliban will more hard againt media like BBC than US Army and Nato
CIA has given them a good lesson in diplomacy.
Afghanistan is made up of several tribes and clans. The Taliban are made up of tribes living on the Pakistani border. There is a possibility of war between tribes. Because they have to choose whether they want to live in modern times or live in the 6th century. That's why Turkmenistan strengthened their borders.
Have they not been dragging out the men and boys who had anything to do with the government or suspected and killing them? They are just enforcing their rule through terror as usual. Back to oppression and the way it was. They will be like North Korea with their propaganda........
What has the world become... What has humanity come to... How bad could it really get... 🥺🥺🥺
"The women are telling me.." "The women are writing to me.." ..Riiight!! Keep bringing up what summons the most outrage/backlash in this SJW era.. it ain't like the women aren't their mothers/sisters/daughters.. smh
Biden is a fool
The only change US has done in 20 years is that taliban is now speaking english
At least they support a "peaceful" takeover
Taliban has better lockdown than Australia
No revenge ?  Ask Taliban make an oaths on their god
Biden: The Afghan national army is more than capable and trained to defend their country.  Taliban: Hold my Zamzam water
Must be true it’s on the BBC  Lol
ya right, bullshit! There are already reports of your Taliban slaughtering families that worked with foreign troops!
Well, this will not age well😢🤥🤥
Reminiscent of Jim Jones at Jonestown, “Anyone who wants to leave, can leave...”
And yet Per reports They are already threatening Christian pastors still in Afghanistan.
That's a joke these thugs love to kill
Yeah right, Taliban is gonna allow women to go to school and wear a headscarf instead of a burqa. Afterwards, they will hold hands with atheists,  hump onto a unicorn run through rainbow and head to the clouds next to Teletubbie's smiling sun baby.
Lies. Watch as incompetent taliban rule turns to disaster as it did before.
20 years of english learning
They say the Taliban is not isis? Even in this country , across the western world incel movements are making young men hate women and only seeing women good for one thing. WE should be taking a long hard look at what is happening here in Britain to how many gangs we have, knife crime going up and killing of kids by their parents, weak sentences like a badge of honour jail time, hey it beats working... signing on and trying to earn an honest living, if your banged up. WE will have more incidents murderers and not much of it will be from isis lot , what they will do is go very quiet for a spell . WE complain about migrants those that run from the horror but when we cannot let our kids out or have to montior every thing they see or watch, every step out the front door in this so called civilised country, it makes you think is the terrorists those who just browse the net and are rad in their own homes these days? Are we blaming the wrong kind of people, who risk everything to land on our shores to stop being raped , stoned too death repressed and beheaded?
Taquiya
0:55 great advertisement for ford
The US did not fail. The US has successfully made millions of Afghanistan speak American English. One trillion is good deal.
Bruh such bs they’re will be revenge
Toyota: let's conquer places!
Leave them be, the Afgan people clearly don't want democracy, so leave them there, along as they don't threaten other countries, they'll be fine
Let you be you, Let me be me & Let Afghanistan be Afghanistan... Simple
There's no saving Afghanistan----But Joe Biden screwed the middle East up worse than it was before. Biden should leave USA just like Ghani left Afghanistan.
This man is simply telling her what she wants to hear, we all know how the Taliban works, especially the women in Afghanistan! The Taliban knows that the US is still very present in Kabul, which is why they are allowing foreigners pass through Taliban check points, and saying they want a "peaceful transfer of power", whatever the Hell that means!
They are 2000 years behind the times and uncivilized.
Why do I not believe him?
here before toyota makes a taliban + supra ad
I think only China can help Afganistan to build a better life，so western pls go away，always bring chaos around the world.Voting to Afanistan is not important at all，I hope the new Taliban government should learn from China，develop for ur own country without violence,Western selfish power are leaving ,new Afghanistan should begin.I hope as ur spokesman promising,Women and Children will be protected and educated.
Over 200,000 Afghan security forces ran away from just around 60,000 lightly armed, unorganized militia men. If you can't protect your own country, don't expect others to do it.
They are already killing and torturing people and shooting them at the airport.
Medieval animals
Toyota beats humvee
To me this will be like someone taking a baby elephant to be their pet. We all know what these men have as a objective.
Vietnam was liberated by Vietnamese resistance forces, who after unimaginable sacrifice bravely defeated a neocolonial, even genocidal US military occupation that killed 3.8 million people. This was a US foreign policy failure, as Vietnam still stands tall today. Afghanistan - I offer - was a US foreign policy victory.  Women's liberation was a key tenet of the democratically elected Marxist-Leninist PDPA ( People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan ) government, lead by Nur Muhammad Taraki. The country had 10,000 university students, 60% of whom were women.. As Anahita Ratebzad - who would have become Afghanistan's first woman president were it not for the the "brave Mujahideen freedom fighters" - wrote on 28 May 1978 in Kabul New Times editorial :  "Privileges which women, by right, must have are equal education, job security, health services, and free time to rear a healthy generation for building the future of the country... Educating and enlightening women is now the subject of close government attention." In contrast Saudi Arabia is an autocratic monarchy run by a Wahhabi death cult who were installed by the UK after WW1, which treats women like cattle to this day. Yet one was overthrown by Wahhabist  groups armed and financed by Western powers who would later become what we call the Taliban today. The other remains a "staunch ally" and recipient of multi-billion dollar arms deals.  100,000 women are raped in the US each year, 50,000 women are sex trafficked INTO the US each year, and between 1 and 3 million women ( the most conservative estimate ) are subjects of domestic violence in the US each year. All this is NOT meant to normalize or perform apologetics for the Taliban. The group practices and enforces a regressive form of Islam ( if you can even call it that ). The point speaks only to white-colonial fantasies of saving brown women from brown men, and the militarisation of that fantasy I see in all Western news sources today. Afghanistan today has nearly a majority living in poverty and many are illiterate. Unemployment is one of the highest in the world and the majority of the population is under 30 because most adults are dead. There's barely any education because there are no teachers..  This is what's known as a foreign policy victory in the United States. And this is not wrong. The US empire would rather see a country in rubble and ruin, then accept a socialist sovereign nation outside its control. These people have been through hell for 20 years, and whatever governance is established is up to them and them alone.. What we don't get to do is ride in on a white horse and dictate what is right and what is wrong for them. It's a little long, but I hope educational.
Come on Taliban bring justice to humans .
Sure....I'm just gonna take his word for it.
“Inclusive” and “Islamic” are diametrically opposite ideas.  And the “peaceful” part is only temporary.
So The Onion predict this 12 years ago.
What the important of this all stupid rules really? What's the important of really wearing hijab if they don't have freedom to enjoy wearing it and walking confidently? Aargh.......this people are making me mad for no reason is it hard for their head not reason and feel they want freedom and treat everyone equally!?
Afghan spokesman is more Politically correct than Trump.
Talibans unpredictable and not trust worthy, stab from back as Islamic religion
If you say regime C H A N G E you get shadow banned. But what happened in Afghanistan proves the evils of it.
Pull our troops, wait send in the troops,in 4 years later pull our troops wait send them back and repeat ,anybody see the problem, damned if you do damned if you don't the same it's always been
All these countries need good leadership. They didn't need the US to save them when in reality the US never cared about Afghanistan they were there for their own good. The Afghanistan need to gain and support their own leadership and build from there.
I sense there are some lies...
Feel sorry for Afghan interpreters and Afghan western loyalist ..  I fear for their safety.
"We want a peaceful transfer of power" as his guys blitzkrieg the country🤦🏼‍♂️
Afghanistan army won't even fight back they have plenty of resources trust me
you'd be a fool to believe him. lol. just watch, people are going to disappear slowly.
Is there sub titles?
What a shithole
Meanwhile the Taliban have been reported going through towns and villages revenge killing anyone who worked with NATO or the previous Afghan government including interpreters and their families.
Yeah better that way, leave them alone..Even NATO should leave them alone. Let them fix their shit..westerners should learn from this mistakes..put your money where your mouth is.
Hahaha
jak widze te kozie kurwy to chce mi sie rzygac
USA should have torn the faux nation apart-give the south to the Taliban and the rest to the other Afghan minorities.
dont confuse al qaida with taliban. The taliban was the afghani governent before 2001. So this spoke person was in office before and came back to his old desk.
Alhamdulillah, hopefully Taliban has changed as what he is saying is true. Prays and doas for Afghanistan.
ajajajajajajajajajajajajajaj no revenge jajajajajajajajaj that is why millions are running away
How long is it going to take these people to start attacting other countries ?
After stating that girls were being turned away from universities by soldiers and he stated that this was not the Taliban’s policy, I wish she had asked him whether this means he/they are not in control of their soldiers.
fake story to slow down their transformation...well biggest win is that that USA  will dont do nothhing...as in some other post  some USA citizen gonna  say we not gonna fight for another county etc..well will see later...i gues that from for anyone  strong Taliban...will coming bigger opponnent as ISIS Al Kaida etc.....stupid guesing of USA goveremnet that everything just gonna be ok..The taliban did say  we are doing what people will...ok...why people try to fly away on side of plain and the die????!!!!.lets made there election???!!!  well now will be faked as in Belarusiia etc....upppss the free election never get trough
The Taliban said those who will not commit themselves to the Taliban will not be allowed to live a normal life. It's the Taliban way or no other way
She's making things worse for the women of Afghan
Television scripted theater
Why is there no peace there?...in that region
Nato ? USA ?  wtf ?
Two years ago I interviewed an Afghan family in Greece. They had to flee from Afghanistan coz of their faith. The woman’s father-in-law had told her if she doesn’t come back to Islam that she will be handed over to the Taliban to be killed. Seeing what’s happening now makes me happy that the family I interviewed fled at the right time. God bless Afghanistan and keep the people safe.
Jeez, he speaks WAY better English than our loser president! Maybe we can make a trade?????
Google tells me, there are 105.4 males per 100 females but the majority of people I can spot in this video are male. Where are the girls?
NO revenge?  PLease come and gewt Biden and Harris. We will tie them up and dump them on Afghanistan from 40k feet.
ahttps://youtu.be/DkpDnEynqvw
Could someone explain to me what’s going on
I believe them. Talibans are okay. No foreign intervention. I love it , my country , my rules , my laws , don't deal with me if you don't like it.
i dont like america, but my god sleepy creepy joe is usleess
I’m not shocked that this took place the BBC are a tree hugging let’s plant trees n all will be ok mob
Isn't the new Afghanistan becoming an exact replica of Saudi Arabia?  Overall, I think it was the best option. The Taliban are not as dangerous as ISIS, countries could probably work with them. Let them integrate their new country but leave all the vindictive goals in the past. We don't get along with Saudi Arabia and Iran but at least we can work things out and avoid constant warfare.  I'm an atheist and human rights are my philosophy but in this case the U.S. shouldn't be wasting time/money on becoming the nanny of a foreign country.
biden supporters: This one is on you
At some point I'm slowly beginning to believe the Taliban can do a bit more than Ashraf Ghani and his government. I don't know...
America knows how to make a mess..jeez!!
Who knows, the Talibans could do a better job this time. Trust them or loathe them, they're talking some sense at least for now...
When a sitting President has to flee to another Country for his safety ,than this is Not a peaceful transfer of power .  This is a Globalist take over . Just another chess move in World Domination .
They have already started crucifying Christians. So no change there.
Anyone else see that guy about to get whipped to the left at 0.54
People actually think that the government we placed in power were any better 😂. The place wont change regardless. Its known nothing but war for 100s of years, its not going to change anytime soon, it's culture.
Taliban can may put a surprise to the world 🌍 by allowing all inclusive govt right to women girls freedom of speech education for all etc ! Taliban has opportunity now to bring back  confidence to the people of Afghanistan 🤔
I notice the majority of people fleeing the city were young men. No women or children. Why weren’t these young men taking up arms to defend their country. They left the women and children to be abused by the Taliban.  Just saying
Taliban the movie unorganized government only leads to nowhere 😄🤣
They can stop ISIS but not the taliban 🤔
"no revenge"?  does he even believe his own lies?
Well close all border for Afghanistan we never know what country will be next
Why are they attacking though ?
All that money America wasted on wars coulda been used to help all the homelessness and stuff in there own country.
Let them get on with it, we have enough to deal with our own countries problems.
Where’s Joe Biden? Sleeping? Ice cream? The world may never know..
How do we know all this is true? After all how many times have the BBC and the media lied to us. For all we know BBC are probably replaying a video from years ago and have some foreign guy in the studio taking the interview.
The United States and its allies are responsible for all the killings and displacement of the Afghan people. They waged a 20-year show war against the Taliban and re-surrendered Afghanistan to the Taliban.The Taliban are their own, now it is the turn of China and Russia, we will not forget them all
He doesn’t need revenge, they already have the country
USA should evacute all Afghanistan ppl who worked under their regime
Can anyone explain to me what the Taliban are? Not in political terms pls 😭
Ha.... sounds like fake tech support...
and the Taliban always tells the truth. Are they gonna be nice to the Gay population, too?
No .no revenge they just put your head in a basket minus your body.the f king media lol
Britain will allow asylum seekers to enter without a passport knowing damn well they have no means of getting out of the country with all civilian flights cancelled and on hold
were the resources going to come from how r they going to run a country and don’t know how to spell the word take over
The reality is both Taliban and american politicians are the same.
BBC is Europe's version of CNN...pure bs
I'm worried about my afghan friends whom we studied together in india🙁 I hope they are safe
Taleban leaders can speak in English. It is the great success of USA.
The United States ask if Taliban will keep the women rights after the controlled Afghanistan .Do they really care about Afghanistan ??!! .The USA has 13 million single mothers they need men to marry their women .let them care about their women before they occupy another countries which still value marriage and corrupt it .The USA has the highest divorce rate in the world .The heights sexual assault ,molesting kids ,rape, Murder ,20,000 gages .In some places you can’teven walk at night .The largest number of robberies ,drug addiction .Do you think the whole world is stupid and doesn’t know who you are  really??!! .Behind every tension in the world search for USA .Supporting coups by military dictators ,Stealing the oil and wealth from the Middle East .Occupying Iraq ,Afghanistan and making unrest in Syria .Invasion of Vietnam,Korea ,supporting dictators in Latin America .Exporting every single bad deed through Hollywood.They wanna export all this through the media and say the are spreading democracy .Big liars !!!!
The United States ask if Taliban will keep the women rights after the controlled Afghanistan .Do they really care about Afghanistan ??!! .The USA has 13 million single mothers they need men to marry their women .let them care about their women before they occupy another countries which still value marriage and corrupt it .The USA has the highest divorce rate in the world .The heights sexual assault ,molesting kids ,rape, Murder ,20,000 gages .In some places you can’teven walk at night .The largest number of robberies ,drug addiction .Do you think the whole world is stupid and doesn’t know who you are  really??!! .Behind every tension in the world search for USA .Supporting coups by military dictators ,Stealing the oil and wealth from the Middle East .Occupying Iraq ,Afghanistan and making unrest in Syria .Invasion of Vietnam,Korea ,supporting dictators in Latin America .Exporting every single bad deed through Hollywood.They wanna export all this through the media and say the are spreading democracy .Big liars !!!!
We want a peaceful Afganistan.
Allah Akubar !!
This is whole usa fault FUCK USA
We are near by monitoring this situation before we take action
We'll not bad han ? Atleast they  can talk in English now 😂
Definitely less blood than when there was foreign Western occupation
Thats right, Taliban come in peace. You guys need to shut it and all the Afghan need to chill and go back to their homes. Taliban is the true ruler of Afghanistan.
I would like to give my opinion but in the UK freedom of speech is band , not unless you speak in left-wing or woke terms.
नेपाली कति छन अफगानिस्तान मा
When I was there in 2010, they were cutting the heads off of u.s. allied locals with butter knives.
Let them decide their own faith, why this lady gotta ask questions like she has something to do with the way they run the country? 🤷‍♂️
Well done American foreign policy  What a great job
Sohail Shaheen ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Don't trust these liar's
The Taliban . 100% mad as a box of frogs, there's not a sane man amongst them.
So l, the Taliban went WOKE and are now for girl education? Somehow I am doubtful. Lets hope this guy wasn't full of shit.
This guy speaking works in the bbc let's not forget how the government lied about covid
I don't believe a single word, this failed scumhuman puked out of his mouth.
Another war with no good guys
The weirdest Toyota commercial I’ve ever seen.
Not one person believes him.....
Let them to make a country and leave them alone . This much Struggling is enough for them. Support them to make new Afganistan .
Those died fighting in Afganistan will not rest in peace
It's not like we don't have bloodthirsty regimes in power that we communicate with on a regular basis...  It's idealistic but I hope this open dialogue will give room for other countries to pressure the Taliban into acting like human beings.  Regardless, pray for the Afghani people.
Is Toyota officially a teorrirst car now?
➡️Indian investment on Ashraf Ghani, NDS & RAW has gone in sewerage⬅️
The people in the footage seem happy with how things are shaping up, though. I see no tragedy written in their faces. Looks to me like they chose this themselves.
Am optimistic about a new version of the Taliban...let's wait and see
This is just like listening to CHINA saying " WE WILL NOT WEAPONIZE THE SOUTH CHINA SEA ISLANDS"
Tarliburn play chess like the US
We don’t believe they, the Taliban, will not enact revenge on the Afghanistan people.   Look at the history of the Taliban and the executions of thousands of lives on soccer fields, sports fields, and throwing acid on young girls going to school..  We are already reading of people fleeing because their houses have been burnt to the ground and young women fleeing for their lives just  because they promoted educating girls and young women.
Lies
it is all usa fault they created them
didnt last long...apparently they have started looking for ppl who helped the allied forces and those who translated for them etc...taliban also said they wouldnt change the rights of women and they have....bvanned women from wearing tight clothes, heels etc and you have teachers telling youngs girls and female kids they arent allowed to attend school anymore coz sharia law doesnt allow it......i hope the taliban rot in hell
Someone tell Japan to stop supplying Taliban with there reliable Toyota 4x4
مرگ برای طالبان بهتر است این اسلامیستان تروریستان جهان را تهدید می‌کنند  باید نابود شوند در غير آن این تروریستان خطر بزرگی برای همه است
Anyone notice all the Toyota 1/4 ton trucks?
where is UN in all of this??? its as useless as its predecessor. all those NATO soldiers died for nothing in there
I remember Ronald Reagan laughing cause the Soviets lost in Afghanistan .smile now cry later
don't trust any terrorist anyway.
President had a plan.  AeroPLAN🤣🤣
Western women need to.go to afghanistan
“‘I bathed you with water and washed the blood from you and put ointments on you. I clothed you with an embroidered dress and put sandals of fine leather on you. I dressed you in fine linen and covered you with costly garments. I adorned you with jewelry: I put bracelets on your arms and a necklace around your neck, and I put a ring on your nose, earrings on your ears and a beautiful crown on your head. So you were adorned with gold and silver; your clothes were of fine linen and costly fabric and embroidered cloth. Your food was honey, olive oil and the finest flour. You became very beautiful and rose to be a queen. And your fame spread among the nations on account of your beauty, because the splendor I had given you made your beauty perfect, declares the Sovereign Lord.  “‘But you trusted in your beauty and used your fame to become a prostitute. You lavished your favors on anyone who passed by and your beauty became his. You took some of your garments to make gaudy high places, where you carried on your prostitution. You went to him, and he possessed your beauty. You also took the fine jewelry I gave you, the jewelry made of my gold and silver, and you made for yourself male idols and engaged in prostitution with them. And you took your embroidered clothes to put on them, and you offered my oil and incense before them. Also the food I provided for you—the flour, olive oil and honey I gave you to eat—you offered as fragrant incense before them. That is what happened, declares the Sovereign Lord.  “‘And you took your sons and daughters whom you bore to me and sacrificed them as food to the idols. Was your prostitution not enough? You slaughtered my children and sacrificed them to the idols. In all your detestable practices and your prostitution you did not remember the days of your youth, when you were naked and bare, kicking about in your blood.  “‘Woe! Woe to you, declares the Sovereign Lord. In addition to all your other wickedness, you built a mound for yourself and made a lofty shrine in every public square. At every street corner you built your lofty shrines and degraded your beauty, spreading your legs with increasing promiscuity to anyone who passed by....
Think about your country your problem your corruption your manners, your prostitutution, ,kids missing, drugs, alcohol and keep your nose out from Afghanistan.
Islam zindaabad
The Afghan people have been betrayed by the US and the EU. Thousands of soldiers have died for nothing in the past 20 years. The peace-loving Afghan people will be oppressed by the ruthless Taliban killers and rapists. The so-called mighty America has been defeated by rats. At the very least, all Afghans who helped the US and EU in those 20 years should be rescued from the clutches of the Taliban rats.
Covid free already
excellent work, bbc. using your platform to spread taliban propaganda absolutely amazing.
😢😢😢😢😢😔😔😔😔😔AFG
Most powerful country in the west,  lose again.
But he said girls can study as usual, and all citizens would be safe. but he clarified women should wear hijab, not burkha,
President has ran off what kind of leader is he lol where is the Afghan army? Why they not helping?
They were never fighting for the piece of land or revenge or power They were fighting for islamic constitution
Responding to the comments. It’s their country, let them settle their own affairs. Plus see how they govern their country, time will tell.  U.S supported Taliban years ago, IF they were very friendly with the U.S i bet any money they still would be in power. But because they want forigners out and don’t want to give natural resources, then it’s a problem
All lies
Does the Quaran justifie lies and deceit? And Mohammed had no participation in Sharia laws, who was the person who wrote the laws? Your last emirate was the most cruel and lawless display of barbaric chaos, why will your reign be any different now? How long will it be before you are hanging from the trees? You are a shame to humankind!
Just kill and wipe out the full country ther you go problem solved
BBC - the capital of propaganda. No one is gonna believe in your shit.
Finally Afghanistan will prosper
Europe and America get ready for the terrorist attacks to start again......Biden got blood on his hands.
......said the Fox to the chickens....
BBC should not speak too much than the Spokesperson in this serious conversation.
dont ever go back leave them to it they wanted us to leave an we have an just dont allows any of them into your countrys as they are a security risk
AFGANISTAN MERDEKA bersama NKRI  17 Agustus  !!!  syiah pengkhianat boneka as.. kaboooorrrr   wkkkkkk
The Taliban should now take Afghanistan and turn it into a productive country and prove they mean well for the people only time will tell hopefully they make good on their promises hopefully they prove everyone wrong and that they can turn the fortune of the country around
Glad to see they got the Toyota sponsorship
Popular opinion: 9/11 was an inside job.
https://youtube.com/channel/UCR_AwATbi3O5twLzvIC5USA
No revenge on afghans we said and we will keep our word. All the people we will execute and purge were simply not considered afghans by us.
Western media and their propaganda machine is ramping up again with lies and slander, twisting facts.  Taliban needs to keep that in mind and what they say.
"women will have access to school and work" as what? Masturbation tools? The only way the Taliban has changed is how they present themselves to the rest of the world. They are still extremists at heart. We'll see another major terrorist attack bankrolled by them within the decade.
I sell onion
Our force lol
LIES. LIES. LIES.  . EVIL   TIME THEY WERE. WIPEDOUT. BY ONE NATO TASK FORCE.   AND 🦵 THEM BACK TO  THE STONEAGE.
Yes and we all know the Taliban are men of their word, right?
I call bullshit.
我们八年抗日战争，阿富汗二十年抗美战争
Let the world live in peace...
Imagine growing up and fighting your father or grandfather's war, and now you hope there're no more future wars so your child doesn't have to fight
Look who is talking, USA the one should be blamed for everything taking innocent lives from last 20years, now you people are talking about human rights & women's clothing what a shame
its not gonna turn out terrible if they keep their promises
Why are the Taliban going through the city killing people. Killing translators, etc
Rewenge lol
As I see it, the cock of ISIS has risen again...
Alladeen MDF
Why does this sound so scripted? 😂 Seriously can humanity just end already. How have we made this beautiful planet full of such misery and hatred. Why can't we all just live in peace like we're practically non-existent and everyone keeps their shitty opinions to themselves!
Best Toyota ad ever.  What USA and Soviets could not do with tanks and jets and computers, the Taliban did with Toyota's and    ak 47s
Return of the head diaper gang
It means dat er dat er dat er we will go in and take it
First order of the day ,round up all enemies,2nd behead all enemies,  3rd order all woman to hide in doors  no school no drive  no speak . Now the war is over all Afghani people to return home , (you’ll be safe )  AND THE BAND PLAYED BELIEVE IT IF YOU LIKE .
Yeah famous last words, nothing the world hasn't heard before from so many sociopath leaders. Good luck to Afghanistan.
NOOOOOO WILL SOMEONE THINK OF THE HECKING WOMEN RIGHTERINOOOO'S!!!!
Omg poor woman that live in that place
SHAME ON NATO AND THE US
Whats her name. I mean the reporter!
This new taliban is like ISIS but with western politician facade.
No choice but to be diplomatic.
No revenge on Afghans... Yet
He literally talks like a western politician
Sad thing is most sheep, fools and liberals will believe him.
Well said brother BBC reporter try to catch you out i'm surprised they reported that
-Taliban Meeting- Taliban1: So what is our get away car?  Taliban2: Ah! *TOYOTA*
Lol they have already been shooting us trained afghsb police officers and interperatures
All these people have eu passports.... I am afraid they will come to Europe soon
If talks break down between all party's then i just hope no diplomats are taken hostage ,it like Tehran in the 80's
This is like an Onion segment “taliban: ‘we respect the rights of women’”
Toyota are the real winners of the war on terror..  their vehicles really are built to last.  I still have a 97 4Runner in the year 2021 and it's still running.  Toyota's are only considered broken in once you reach 300,000 miles.
Do they have their C-plague shots, wearing face diapers (masks) or are they social distancing?  Is that virus there?
Why aren't any of the Taliban scared of the Delta variant of coronavirus 😷? Oh yeah, that's propaganda too!
Imagine Taliban defeated US with just AK-47 without any extra grips or compressors... what if they got some really big nuclear weapons... then it's  your doom day Westeros
Why don't you ask him what kind of panties should the woman of Afghanistan wear, but a burqa or a hajib. what kind of participation , what kind of this and what kind of that. We are dying to make these ppl look bad, the ppl that we have supported were thieves, drunks and pimps.
From Taliban terrorists to Taliban government. Trying to solve Afghanistan problems using America solutions wasn't very brilliant.
We should never have been there in the 1st place.
What do you mean by a peaceful transfer of power? Well let me see it’s either going to be peaceful and you transfer power over to us or we blow your brains out. Which do you choose?, I think that was a pretty stupid question because they did not peacefully roll in there, they came by force.
If u want to fight im ready to defend the uk just say go and u will see and die if u want it that way
I would not trust one of them.
No they started this whole war 30 yers ago and thay wanted to take over dont let them drop a nbomb and that will sort it out if they want to try and finish a war im here watin if they want to fight dont start bombing themselves in my country if they want todo that thay hav there own country
This TERRORISTS Going to kill everyone over there. Thanks To JOKE BIDEN! ☠️💩🤮
He is basically saying what he wants the  outside world to here , what they do will be a different story , it says it all , when you have a mass exodus of people wanting to leave , the whole world is watching
Power should never be handed over but voted for. How can you be for the people when the people didn't want you? Couldn't they have tried for power democratically? What was stopping them? Let the people vote instead of forcing yourself on them!! You can't lay claim to people's will!
The new Barbaristan (sorry,  Afghanistan) in the making!
Sab ke sab mindwash people ... Don't kill the innocent people
Inshallah
Alhamdullilah, people will see the Justice of Taliban.
I hope people of Afghanistan will feel more happiness due to islamic revolution. They feel like winners. And now they changed narrative of policies as compare to 1990 policies. That why people of Afghanistan support to Taliban.
Massively naive Interveiwer still thinks the biggest issues under Taliban rule will be girls education,  transgender bathrooms and vegan meal options.
The BBC obviously not showing the footage of people hanging from the lamp posts on the road into Kabul..
If rape is systematically committed and the perpetrators are not ever brought to justice, then I would suggest destroying them once and for all! I would give them a chance though to govern fairly or lose EVERYTHING!!! I would literally destroy them and split everything they got with Russia and china! That’s their hemisphere not ours. Why the fuck r we there instead of Russia and china? Rapists in my opinion deserve their whole family put to death like in North Korea
I believe that the Taliban are intermarried into the afghanistans....so, there would be no type of takeover, they've been there, just  undercover, like sleeping with the enemies, who are relatives which makes them family.
It's hard to tell who is the good guy and the bad guy in all this mess...
Taliban know English ...not Pakistanis ...sad 😁
BBC reporting team must find this so satisfying that their goal of establushing islamic emirates is finally beginning to fructify😂😂😂..
We have a word for this in my country, bollocks!!!
LOL! Yeah, and I've got a bridge to sell you. They're already going door to door looking for revenge and kidnapping women, while they lie through their teeth. These backwards idiots will do exactly the opposite of what they say.
No rapists? All rapists MUST BE BE-headed! They CAN NOT BE LEFT ALIVE! ABSOLUTELY NO RAPE! I would have a rapists entire family killed instantly! Women children, EVERYONE RELATED TO A RAPIST DEAD!!  Problem SOLVED!
Everyone who believes the Taliban, please raise your head........while you still can. lol
Dear friend, genuine repentance and recitation of those words will protect you from calamities:  "F a l u n D a f a is Good" and "Truth, Compassion, Forbearance is Good".  F a l u n D a f a is a spiritual self cultivation practice that is based  on the principles of the Universe: 真 Truthfulness 善 Compassion 忍  Forbearance  It involves gentle exercises and meditation. Thanks to F a l u n D a f a, millions of people regain health, peace of mind and obtain spiritual fulfillment. Since the year 1999 this peaceful practice has been brutally persecuted by the CCP in China.
Nuke them.
Make the whole country a park n ride ,and put an ikea somewhere close .Just because I like the Swedish meat balls .
LOL these people Of ocidental media really thinks theres any interest in this BS Of LIBERAL DEMOCRACY? Very laughble
wtf
This man is lying.
Peaceful transfer of power.. what does it mean ?   No shit sherlock it means a peaceful transition
The Taliban clearly represent large numbers of Afghans or they would not have been able to defeat the US military. It’s not possible, as a democracy, with liberal do gooders, to occupy another country by force because extreme brutality s needed such as by the Nazis or the Roman Army from past times. You have to completely take control of the population and dispose of those who protest in large numbers.  So it was never going to work out. Almost All recent western interventions have been a disaster. Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Vietnam. Western nations, by now, should have realised that they cannot impose their own cultures on others. Hopefully we’ve seen the last of costly and pointless foreign invasions.
If Trump was in office, this would never happend
Disgusting
total bulls shit asking Taliban this question on peace.
ความดีอยู่ในใจของทุกคน
China send money to Pakistan.... Pakistan make weapons.... Terrorist use them for peace 🤣🤣🤣
I want to buy toyota jeep.
Congrats to Talib for finally taking back their country and establishing a Islamic state.
Talk is cheap.
these taliban look like Uighur people
BBC went to take interview of their godfather...
Wapiganaji wasio na uniform za kijeshi na magobole na magari ya kubebea mkaa,wamechukua nchi bila hata kupigana,yaani wamarekani na vifaa vya nguvu vya kivita wamepakatwa,ingawa walikuwa wanaondoka lkn wameshidwa hata kuwarushia makombora hahahaaaa,aibu sana
Shame on you U.S
Why is the novel corona virus watching?
Never trust those people,if they want to live in the Middle Ages let them,cut off the internet phones tv ,no exports no arms sales no drugs,see what happens then.
Reminds me of my teacher when she was teaching me English
I think BBC should be TALIBAAN MEDIA Mouthpiece...   And then you can say cool things about Talibaan,Nobody will say anything.....😀😀😀😀😀😛
I hate how he made me believe for a second that Afghanistan could actually become a war free country for a split second
The greatest waste of money and time in the modern world history
America is at the root of all these problems. Change my mind.
I do not trust them as far as I can throw them. These are the TALIBAN. Not some friendly neighbors.
Imagine these ppl coming to a modern civilization in a different country.
20 years and 2 trillion to protect and train Afghanistan for the Taliban to take over an entire country without a fight. People saying pussies are dead on.
So reassuring to hear that coming from a paramilitary group taking all the power in a country...
Saludos habitantes del pantano 🧟‍♀️🧟‍♀️🧟‍♀️🧟‍♀️
Imagine talking to someone who’s forcefully taking over a whole country and you have no choice but to talk to him directly to see how he will control the country. That’s a whole other level. Meanwhile gangs in LA are killing each other over a piece of concrete that doesn’t belong to them and they still can’t control that.
Why would they even take 'revenge' on the people of Afghanistan? that's like, weird to even say.
The same way he said there will be peaceful talks and sharing of power? 😅
Sorry but why are we still involved in other countries business we can't even sort out our own problems let alone away around the world
Trending on 30 no.
Taliban saying they are there for the people and promising they won't harm remind me of the movie dictator the character of general Aladdin
People pls present of mind
Toyota is good for jihad
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
There is no need to send US forces ones again to Afghanistan, better to wait and see, no need sacrificy
Biden told AFGHAN🇦🇫 ARMY & PRESIDENT to STAND DOWN & FLEE.   BIDEN'S FAULT 😭😡👎💩💩💩  #AFG
You go girl wish we good mess this idiot up
American Ethics: Hanged Saddam on Eid day.  Taliban Ethics: Forgiveness for everyone who will not attack and everyone can go anywhere they want. Kabul Airport fully functional so that whoever wants to leave may leave.   ... But Talibans are the terrorist against civilized Americans...
No nukes, No violence Just Toyota pickup and the country is captured.
Uhuh, that's good to know
Sahial I will curb you
Yeah, and wild bears don’t crap in the woods.
Afghanistan wanted this to happen anyways.  Hell bin laden was living there comfortably for years in his compound before the raid.
in islam lie is allowed to enemies. dont try to convince the world that everything is ok f***g bbc
I wish no women should be slaved by this Taliban government  All have equal rights
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
I hope the Taliban keeps its word about what the spokesperson said. We had to leave Afghanistan some time. I just hope God blesses these people and helps them in their time of terror. I hope life returns to normal and girls are allowed to get their education and have the same rights as men.
To me it's end-game to this state as we can see. They are already taking over the capital city, the president left the country and this seems to look like a second Vietnam for the USA (Saigon 2 power ✌️). Honestly, I send my good thoughts and I wish peace to the families who lost a son, father or husband because they've been fooled by the old into going to slaughter 😔.   1) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=q6FZ6aFbNvY 2) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LA3uV_YXZAk 3) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mknTDi70KFE
Another reason why the aliens dont want to land here.
Tell that bullshit lie to the thousand upon thousand Afghan people fleeing there.
B:den "I want ice-cream... someone get me some damn ice-cream!!!  Anyone Anyone!!!"  Secretary " Mr. President this is serious Afghanistan has fallen!" B:den "OH no! I think I just sharted...what about Afghanistan? " I want a clean depends.  Where's my ice-cream!"  Mamma...mamma..."
If you ever feel useless, just imagine the Afghan Army training preps
TALIBAN ARE MURDERERS AND RAPIST OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN  THE WORLD SHOULD ATTACK AND TAKE BACK CONTROL OF AFGHANISTAN COUNTRIES 👍 KILL ALL TALIBAN 💣💣💣.
News reader very disrespectful.  Hijab what type if Hijab. You see what ignorance and stereotyping can do. Out media lies to the population so we can accept military adventures in other countries.  We pretend we love Afghans but we don't so why are we pretend. Leave these people and their way of life alone. We should respect others way if life. Enough of the killings of other and lies. PEACE ✌
All the best for Afghanistan. Congratulations on Freedom. I should mention that its AFGHAN government no matter if these are Taliban. Thank you BBC News for updating your youtube channel
Taliban > trumporectionists At least they (Tali..) figured sht out Both the same, but one group way smarter than the other. I mean..🤔
We know this was a lie because they're taking people out of their homes and butchering them in the streets. People are so scared they're clinging to aircraft try to take off and falling from the sky.
talibab and afganistanis are on different branch of evolution. what is expecting West from them? it's funny
They will be using the airport for mass executions?
No revenge on Afghanistan but on the rest of the world get ready
Taliban i will respect you. But respect the life of civilian and respect the human right, let tell them to correct mistake from the past....
Utter gibberish. He's barely able to put words together
The US Taliban deal. 1) Taliban will withdraw all cases of war crimes against US/NATO in ICJ Hague. 2) Taliban will neither demand a fair and free investigation in to the 9/11 twin tower false flag operation nor will it discuss about it in future. 3) Taliban will allow all NATO troops to leave Afghanistan peacefully. 4) US will supervise Taliban take over Afghanistan with out any resistance from the Ashraf Ghani government. 5) Further US will never enter into Afghanistan with military might. 6) Taliban will never allow Afganistan to use its soil for terrorist activity against any other country.
Living in a Western society based on the Judeo-Christian framework and to have their freedom preserved, despite the horrible moral decay. The residents who criticize the West wouldn’t also like it up to survive under extremist imposition like the Chinese government / Taliban.
So is the pandemic over in Afghanistan?
At least the Taliban (very honest credible org) inform the BBC (another very honest credible org). That's a load of everyone's mind. Goodness knows what would happen if we were dealing with a terrorist org and a corrupt woke bias marxist news corp.
This women needs to learn english again. As far as hijab is concerned, lady you dont need to worry for if it is burka or just a head cover but for your kind information the actual hijab is burka a head to toe cover.
No subtitles? Too soon? Ok sorry
Everything is all calm and peacefull.The people of Afghanistan know what they want.
It is so sad that they continue to lie to the Afghan people
A another great failure of the West, their purpose is not fit for human consumption, at the moment every thing they do end up South.
Lady, can I talk to your boss ???
The truth is hidden. But the Talibans are the true leaders of Afghanistan.All these foreign forces just go there for self interests,and putting their puppetsto power,convincing the people they are the right ones.
Even Amrican men wants their women to respectfully stay at home and take care of children and home matters, watch Fresh and Fit podcast
I have a question. Where's the UK government? Drinking tea and dunking biscuits! Wish you knew just a bit about humanity!
They had the best plan out the lot what a shambles they took it over like it was nothing
Thousands of American soldiers dead. Hundred of thousands of Afghan Civilians dead. 83+ billion dollars wasted. Longest war in American history. And the Taliban got even more powerful.
Well...they were legit for 5 years before 9/11...may be they are just like any government..just with a different alfit..lol Who is to judge them..c'mom.  1 vote 1 person..lol..don't even have that in USA...1vote in South Carolina = 450 in California.  So sick of these boutique Activism
They say women will have rights, but actions speak louder than words. We shall see
If they run govt for the people by the people then its fine wish you all good luck 🙏🏼🍻
That was yesterday, today it's house to house searches,rape,murder. Taliban is nothing more than a gang of pedophile Scum and murderers. Apostates of Satan himself.
American army 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
great show! if he's afghan I'm the hulk. The occupation is over now, soon will be the parachuting of an afghan looking person (but actually American taught) to run the government and the people, the only country's to not bow down are Iran, China & Russia - obviously - Iran will be next in the game of world domination - Plenty of Opium to go around i see 🤔
What about those who were affected during the last government who's properties were taken by force ?
If you believe him your a fool
I’m not buying it. People should know better than to trust the word of terrorists.
Taliban has mastered US language.I don’t think US has mastered their language Pashto?  Sanga ye : means how are you  Kha yum : means I am fine🤩
Jesus is coming soon repent of your sins and escape the Judgment of God
This is the new nazis. We must do something or we will all be left with regrets and diaries of numerous anne Franks.... 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Don’t sound too evil to me tbh
so the Americans hired some mercenaries called them taliban and they have now took over Afghanistan
Thank you little Bush and Ohbutthole for what you have done
Great, now all the arab refugee in Europe can go back to their country that there are peace
He's lying
no face mask? is there a Virus in Afganistan? Well its easy to retrieve the Aghanistan then..UN will just use Delta Variant on them..No guns needed..
Its ok girls can have education, jobs , shopping etc but the only condition is hijab 🧕. I think no one should have objection now.  All arab girls women wear hijabs . Thats fine
"Participation means that we will have in the government other Afghans"  You mean like an opposition, like people who don't agree with your policies? I mean other, other Afghans.....
How could anyone ever trust this guys word? lol
Crazy seeing this history unfold.
Liars
Lies the un should get back in and exicute every member of the taliban
BBC s big disaster😂 on top of it Talibans interview lol😂😂😂
The Taliban wins the all time moral cup.. Ashraf is now Americas president..
It seems like general alladin is speaking to media 😂😂😂😂😂
Long live Democracy and their Leaders !
Peaceful transfer of Power?!?! This can’t be real……
News Anchor is asking right questions !
Who cares not USA issues. .
Why are we letting the Talibans have a voice? This "spokeperson" is talking about controlling millions of people like its a game of monopoly. Get your shit together BBC, don't give them a voice which is what they want.
People who are watching this peacefully remember one thing that.... injustice anywhere is threat to the humanity....one day it may come upon you
For the last 20 yrs the US Government and it’s Military cost the lives of 80,000 Afghani citizens….Not a single positive development by the US Government nor it’s Military were invested into the infrastructure/rebuilding process and to the innocent people of Afghanistan. This war cost $ 2 Trillion Dollars…..think about that number!!!! How many US veterans could’ve used that money towards rehabilitation, mental illness, needed surgeries, education, their families future…etc. Unfortunately, 22 veterans commit suicide a day from these so called “peace” wars….instead of honouring these brave soldiers, the US Government and it’s Military turned its back on them and neglected them and their needs!!! In fact, waging its own war against them as enemies….The Wars End. The Costs Don’t!!!
Alhamdulilla taliby i love Allah
They said that because they plan to be ready to have a big war . Don't let them have a chance to revenge
https://youtu.be/DbivYW_OEm8
BBC talking about women's rights in Afghanistan. What about Saudi Arabia? Oh yeah, I forgot.
Only George w bush and trump only control isisi n thaliban 🙏
Who will trust on these guy's?
Says they wouldnt enter 2 hours later they entered Kabul. Nothing more than a terrorist drug cartel
Jesus is the only Way,Truth and Life.
The West simply don't understand how the cultural and religious mindset work among these people. Firstly, abrogation is a natural way for them: they can say something now and it can be abrogated tomorrow without compulsion. The oppression and revenge will take place for sure and it will be very different from the way Iran's Shiites do it, much worse. Honour killings and local lynching will be back. All that money experimenting with democracy in Afghanistan was a waste, completely, and so many military lives lost and wounded. The evacuation of western nationals proves again the failure of their intervention and plan. Doesn't work.
Why questioning Taliban about free elections and universal participation of the Afghan people in the government...and never ask it for the Kingdon of Saudi Arabia...??? Mysteries...
they trying to convince us or the afghans
Yeah they said no revenge guys , they also said they won’t behead or rape any women we can totally trust these guys they look reliable
Just leave them alone.
Now that they are in power, let see what they do.
What if Afghanistan becomes a technologically advanced nation
West has given financial power to women in return for their bodies . All west is in burqah and hijab by using masks due to covid what an irony !
Talibaaan are the peaceful people 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Ahh yes believe the words of a terrorist group. The people will suffer especially the women. Goodjob Biden
Where do Afgan refugees flee'' to Europe? Islamic ideology spread to Europe' Islamic law. Why Muslim majority countries always War and why refugees from muslim countries flee to Europe. '' the refugees have to flee to Arab' UEA'' pakistan' bangladesh
Why west is puzzled still with hijab and burqah when so many lives were lost because of western power adventure. Just as they did in Iraq on false claim of finding weapons of mass destruction. Now in the covid form mass destruction in the west without spending single penny.
How these terrorist become so peace lover.world has seen brutality of taliban sharia law.these are cancer and must destroyed
British faild 3 times soviets faild once.. why did the Americans think they would succeed lol
Looks like  Afghanistan   hasn't  got any  covid !!
Just another example of the western world making a mess in others affairs
Afghanistan is reverting back to its natural state.  In a few weeks we can all go back to not caring.
WHEN TALIBAN TAKES ALL AFGHAN  THE PEOPLE:HELP US WE NEED OUT OF HERE THEY WILL KILL US WE HAVE NO MONEY,FOOD,AND SHELTER  TOYOTA COMPANY: OHH MY I AM GONNA BE ELON MUSK
September 1939: German spokesman tells BBC 'no revenge' on Poles
i dont know the difference between the people of taliban and the common afghan. sitting here in india, i only know that it seems afghans are also known as pathans and they are superb human beings. i carry deep respect and love for them. i pray to the almighty that this change brings peace and prosperity to the afghanis, they shouldnt suffer. to live free, decide and make own destiny is a fundamental aspect of humanity...
China is in control.
Killed so many people, and thrown them on streets yet bbc is propagating their lies
You can never reason with a primitive religion such as Islam.
I think the only hope for Afghan people now is to trust the Taliban. Who can they trust now? The western world has abandoned them.
Biden never have kept any Trump policy. Trump is a failure to humanity.
I cant understand with this western country and media. Why u interfere in anybody's religion. Why u impose ur values of legal prostituions, naked beaches, porn, bikini on other's.
poor life poor economy  poor mind and easy death. their god already left them but they thinking it is test. :) end game lvl ignorance
US Soldiers out.  Gamers in.
So the Afghanistan president fled to another country within hours of the Taliban takeover   Living in a time when leaders of nations run first  The leader of your country would do exactly the same thing  While the common man fights their wars and builds their nation  Interesting times ahead!!!
They sound no different than isis
You know its bad when the Taliban now has a spokesperson.
It's all engineered
Thank you baiden!
BBC congrats🎉 for your favourite president  that's why they choose you to talk to 😂🤣
But Taliban will continue to assault women for their needs and reject education. Eradicate them.
Taliban is a good grp they want to Impose Islamic rulings  they are not Isis ! Isis were mental freaks Taliban are good people who want to follow the Shari'a
Taliban are liars they are lying  they got a plan and it isn't a good one
"what do you mean by peaceful".... He means peaceful! "What do you mean by one vote one person?"... Oh FFS woman! Your shit at your job
This is like a domestic abuser telling the police that his wife is safe in his home and that he won't hit her again.
I can only imagine what its like to live in a country where the military force wins all of its wars. But, I'm American.
All I heard was bullshit and lies! Fuck the Taliban!
“No revenge”….!!…must be April fools day on the Muslim calendar.
Let's hope so, no harm come to the people.😕
The Americans failed big time in Afghanistan, the Taliban back in control is just proof the United States don’t care for the freedom of humans who will suffer once again under strict Islamic rule. If Afghanistan was oil rich like Iraq I don’t think the troops would have pulled out.
😂🤣
Are any of you dumb enough to believe this?  Please tell me no one is. The Taliban is like a rattle snake. You can get bitten, you can kill it or you can leave it’s territory and let it bite the next prey that goes by. Those are your options.
Taliban Fighters on the ground saying no education for women.    Taliban spokesperson telling media pro education for women   Sounds about right
I mean the Taliban wouldn't have to lie would they? I mean they could say they want to do horrible stuff n like they aren't gonna get repercussions so why would they lie? For a joke?
God leaves Afghanistan
I’ll say it again, stop complaining about your “horrible” life in america. Open your eyes
Blair and Bush, should be ashamed of themselves and held accountable. This is a travesty.
There is basically war and women are going to the university? THAT'S A LAME LIE
Toyota stock after taliban success 📈📈
They got smarter over the years
This is bullshit! They are already rounding people up and starting executions!
They will keeping treating women as 🐐! This is the truth! Now the  girls that fallows communism can ask China 🇨🇳 why they would help in such crime against women and children !
Why don’t you talk about the massive elephant in the room? Islam is the problem.  Look around the world where all the violence is. It’s not being a racist to criticise a medieval, intolerant and murderous ideology. If it’s so damned peaceful why are people so desperate to get away from it. They all read the same Koran.  Which incidentally calls for exactly what is happening in  Afghan right now. And before you get your Marxist  Y fronts in bunch, I’ve said Islam not Muslims. The ideology not the brainwashed followers.
Theyve already executed some and married of girls. Basically "there will be no revenge" until the cameras turn off
We all know what this means. The Taliban will do what they do.  Millions of Afghans will then flood the West as 'asylum seekers' and the West will become like Afghanistan.
People believe anything these days.
The real winner here is Toyota lmao
Yeah.....so true hahaha
Lol don’t believe this for a second.
buy a toyota and you can win against USA loooOooL
Jay ho Afghanistan  keep doing
BBC IS compelled to broadcast news in FAVOUR OF TALIBHAN. MEDIAS in Kabul under Taliban control
I don't believe it.
Islam is worse than corona
No social distance there?
Bruh, Taliban is out there arresting afghan ministers. WTF is happening  XD
#sanctionpakistan
"SAIGON JOE" is probably hiding from the taliban atop a US ARMY HELICOPTER...
Man gaye yar , america intellectual sochta hai. Jab se malum chala hai ki afganistan me urenium kafi matra me hai , dhobi ka kutta bana diya hai seria ke jaise . Ab hamehsa bomb blast hota rahega aur world power country saste me urenium leta rahega .
“We will not take revenge on the Afghan people, until our football pitch is ready for public executions once more, and our sabres have been sharpened.” - Taliban spokesperson, 16th August 2021.
Well this was fast
" Thousands of assault weapons, ammured tanks, grenade, drones and ammunition's abandoned by fleeing occupier's and their local machineries shall be utilize for the security of Afghan people. God is great" TALIBAN
What's going on their getting back to freedom from Afghanistan
Only thing to say is we have to make these people entirely existence
Actions speaks. Convince us.
Where are all the women? Only men are allowed on the streets? This is the religion of peace.
No revenge?! Then what about those poor girls and women who got kidnapped, rapped, killed and forced to marry their talibs?! What about those over 100 teenagers who were brutally murdered. What about those journalist women who were killed and tortured? What about those innocent civilians who got beheaded?! What about those singers, artists, comedians who were killed? And what about those soldiers who were killed only because they defended their country?! If the world believes their lie then I see no hope or future for women in Afghanistan. They will have no choice but  die before the age of 9 so no talib gets their hands on their body.
AK 47 and Toyota deadly combination
Funny they murdered innocents in Kandahar Friday
Americans talk like they are live in the safest and most peaceful country.
Let me write what happens next: drug plantations will multiply. The  Taliban will make the Afghans guard the fields. and people will get used  to drugs. People in the villages will be addicted to drugs, but they  will be guards in the poppy fields... this is a plan made by the USA and  Zionist Israel just for money and drug barons... the killer is obvious.
The Taliban are nice people they look after you their ace
America is the most powerful country in the world  - Taliban : Ok
Okay at least the women can go to school and wear any kind of hijab.
I feel so bad for women in such countries.
No trust
What in the name of rainbow unicorn is going on
nice, toyota will be a key factor here
Terrorist Police.
Michael blackson should have been the spokesperson assisstant
So where after 20 years are the defenders of the country?  Where are all the troupes armed, trained and financed by foreign assistance?  Why is no one resisting this except the foreigners who have worked so hard to prepare the general people of Afghanistan?  You cannot keep beating a dead horse. Other countries eventually had to pull out and hope the “child” can stand up.
Liesssssss!!! I honestly fear for the women and children :(
Only time will tell hopefully peace
I think we had sympathysers in the afghan forces the reason for USA withdrawal
Another islamic dictatorship in the offing. Any chance of a free and democratic election. Impossible
Religion of peace 😒
🇵🇰❤️🤝🏻🇦🇫
20 years down the drain
The Taliban actually sound quite reasonable tbh....
Taliban with all its violent past can't be that stupid to continue to be ultra conservative and not let women study/work in a modern world specially if they want to continue to rule  Afghanistan successfully for years to come. The country is ruined thanks to decades of war and they must adopt and adapt to modern civilized way of life if they have any hopes of building it up again
Interpreters and sources will be butchered.  So will their wives, children, parents, nephews, neices....their entire families will be murdered.
Why don't they ask Afghan people ...what do they want rather than any group try to push themselves into the top seat...I really hope if they want the Afghan becoming a pure Muslim country , they should put Al-qur'an as theirs law but not the Afghan cultures or tradition such as honor murder is part of tradition
Finally... Peace for Afghanistan
Taliban leader are doing sarcasm
One would be stupid to take Taliban's words seriously. You can't reason nor be civilised with these human trash. You stay away from them as far as you can. If they still fuck with you regardless (Like what happened on 9.11), then you pick up your gun and aim for the head
Liars! Revenge already happened by slaughtering Afghanistans Alies. Talibans are war criminals and pure EVIL
Real test of Taliban about to start. Even though it is not easy to claim power and setting highest existing human standards( Islamic standards) but it's more harder to even maintain these standards.
just like isis but with another way of dealing from america fuck you america
Sounded quite reasonable to me. Reporter scraping at the bottom of the barrell on hijabs!! Didnt hear and her organisation create mass hysteria amod the Saudi's and their regime. I just cannot trust anything that comes out of any of the major news outlets..and have to question the sanity of anyone who does
Why the leader run like a dog don't care their ppl life lols 👎👎👎
Did they have elections ?
Delta variant: I spread faster.   Talibans: Hold my slippers.
I do believe that law and order will be more of less maintained in Kabul (at least for the time being). This is  because China and Russia are supporting Taliban and they will want world to recognize the “afghan inclusive”government put in place by Taliban. They will try to isolate US.
Laws are okay for women they can go out alone they can do there studies and citizens homes are safe than why people of kabul are safe leaving their house and trying to flee.. May God have mercy on the people of afghanistan.
there will be no democracy no human rights and "no revenge" is all that bbc heard
Taliban would have lost if they didnt have toyota on their side 🤭
Every-single middle eastern country will always eventually be taken over by Taliban or ISIS. Middle east the biggest threat to humanity.  Of course the west probably cant ever allow that to happen but the terrorists have now taken over like 8 middle eastern countries
Anchor trying so hard to confuse him ...but listen 👂 if "super power 😂😂😂😂," couldn't confuse them ....how can you. Idiot
i dont still understand who are the good guys in this fight
And we have people here worrying about not having enough pay
Japan don't give visa to criminal but they can give there  car 😂👍      Pls take as a joke........nd If there is grammar mistake then .... sorry  Coz eng. Is not my cup of tea :-)
Great words .... More power to you
This guy's English is not proficient to hold interviews , he should get an interpreter . Why so many interpreters of old government leave the country and not stay behind to help the country? This guy should hire all the good interpreters and conduct more media interviews.
iIslamic Emirate of Afghanistan
Everybody has an uncle nobb head.
Let's hope Talibans take power in UK.
Age of Alibaba
China's one more weapon  Getting ready 😆.
Help afgan people
Kill him all taleban people
I hate taleban
And this is how the Zionist won
Good luck guys
Even in the best possible outcome for women and girls, life is still going to get worse than Saudi Arabia for them. In the 90s, girls went to a Quran school till they were 12y/o and were then forced into an arranged marriage (read: lifelong raping plan). In Herat, after Taliban took over, they were already asking for lists of girls aged 12 and over. Their lives are going to be completely ruined and they will be subject to whichever sexual predator/slave owner they will be "married" off to.
We did win the 1st Cold War
Pov: This isn’t technical support
Twenty years of American occupation gone to waste.
there are no girls anywhere in this picture.
Toyota Motors is smiling😂
Afghanistan is the land where empires begin to downfall because of it..Mongol have it, Brits have it, Russian have it, now its time for US to face it too
Next is India because of rss and special killing Muslims in Kashmir
Islam is the only religion which wants to rule a country, I don't know if its a religion or a political movement.
Huwag kayong gagawa ng gulo... para maging maayos ang lahat.....
US+NATO sent their forces and spend millions of dollars just to teach english to Afghans taliban
War is over in afghanistan. ♥️
TOYOTA THE REAL WINNER AFTER THIS  CHINA CARS
Bahrain power muna.... nandon kase ang king ng mga muslin.... dfat yang e handle ang situation sa kabul afghanistan...
They don’t seem to have COVID there do they???
The next headquarter of BBC will be in Afghanistan as Taliban are most peaceful people in world BBC know this since BBC believe this every person on earth must believe it.
BBC is a big joke !
So sad & pray for women in Afghan
Taliban: We are servants to the ppl...also the Taliban: beating a young girl in the streets for wearing sandals. Seems sensible.
Is there a Dummy 101 on what has been going on?
Why pull out?  We will only be sending our military back in few months because Biden and democrats just love to spend money and give more to other countries then help our own here! When the Taliban's start thinking we have a hand up on progress to increase terrorist activities through out the world... Yet when Taliban start treating their people wrong, Biden administration would send troops to fight Talibans, but let the crime of shootings, killings in Chicago go blind eyes,  joe Biden I have a question when you come out from hiding! Can you send some military personnel to Chicago and stop the criminals? I would like to see my tax money use in my country before you go send it elsewhere..  Thank you  Mr. "Wtf are you doing" president
Did BBC ask him about the hundreds of bodies laying the streets?  The removal of women from their banking positions?
This Taliban spokesman is a Lair and bull sh.ting. They been executed soldiers, interpreters and family for weeks. It a joke, manpower & money wasted, we as a country will need to go back inn to Afghanistan, in next 10 to 20 years from now.
For God’s sake why you are dictating them…do they do so about your country…after 20 years or so first they needs stability…
United nations is a joke
Afghani president: Dont worry guys i have plane
useless 3rd world mid east countries...
Damn, son. A lot of Toyotas there.
Defund the bbc.
This guy sounds totally out of his depth and is just blagging it. Good administration is hard.
Afghanistan will step back to point of no return.....
The spokesperson saying "No revenge" is like a sales campaign saying 70% off with the "T&C APPLIES"
That the US spent 20 years occupying Afghanistan under the guise of fighting the Taliban only for the Taliban to seize control over the country the second US pulled out tells you everything you need to know about the war; IT WAS NEVER REALLY ABOUT FIGHTING THE TALIBAN 💯
damn.. toyota made the HILUX so indestructible... its the modern day war horse
same as prophet muhammad pbuh when he and his companions took back mecca.. they did not revenged against the tribe of quraish despite of the numerous violence that quraish did to them and to their families.
There is no free will, everything is an illusion... This situation shows how politicians control your lives...  One "No" for more than 20 years of contribution and efforts...    And the people are the ones who paying that price...  God have mercy to those who are trying to escape the country at the moment. God give humility for those who are in control of the power there...
Seems like they going to do a nice job they are just removing the US/UK things within the country. We have to let go of some things and personally we helped this country for 20 years. At least women will hopefully be treated differently with respect but of course the Taliban do love lying. Let’s hope they don’t do anything seriously bad to other countries or even within their own but of course I could be wrong.
Now it's time for ltte  to sieze colombo 😉✊
US and it’s allies destroyed Afghanistan
And of course who’s gonna believe a Taliban fighter or spokesman is an honest person? These a holes are going to come into town and execute everyone that helped us. It’s completely shocking that the United States would just bail out without any kind of planning end it shows how under prepared and insufficient after 20 years of training the Afghan military still was. You can’t give freedom to people who don’t know how to use it.
american cars american guns american bullets ........smh
There is guns in each hands others. But no murderer. No criminal. No intimidation.   Congrats My Brothers TALIBAN....!
Afghanistan should be divided into two parts, like Germany and Vietnam. When people on both sides want to reunify, then referendum, the United States should be responsible, otherwise the global civilization will be lost.
As an Afghan this hurts and is very scary for me and I dont even live their all I can see is the evil they will do and hundreds of people they will kill and rape.
No body trust Taliban
When the terrorists tell you they won't have the revenage to you, then you need to have your guards up.
Let's hope the Taliban brings peace to Afganistan. I personally would not like to live in a Sharia ruling country.
Bush Blair And The Poppy Supplier CIA Would Be Morning Today..!
Aha, sure. Found few videos already how people are talking that their husbands are executed, their boys too. Then women are used for sexual pleasure, same women who's family been slaughtered. www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY2jBV8WpHo
This is the defeat of so called super power America and leave innocent people to face cruelty  and American run to save own life
Basically America taught English to Taliban
Can we send the #MeToo founders to Afghanistan please?  Actually, theyre so repulsive the Taliban will demand an exorbitant price to deal with them
I wish, Taliban will not make the same mistake again forming a western introduced democratic government because democratic governments are the most corrupted governments in human history. Violations occur before and after every election. One democratic government steal the country's wealth and launder it to another western country and become the puppet of western countries and when opposite leaders come, they do the same. Only western enjoy developing country's assets without doing anything. Taliban should form one party government like Chinese Communist party. Like in mainland  China there is no violations, everyone is following the government even sometimes its not fair in some aspect but the rules are rules. It applies to everybody. On the one hand, look at Democratic government in other special region of China for example Hong Kong and Taiwan and many other democratic nations there are  tons of violations, in order to remain in power their leaders are bringing westerns to create more violence before and after the elections. I believe, Taliban will never follow this western made political fields rather than forming a government like China, UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and so on where inside the country is peace regardless what their government is doing as long as people are living happily is fair enough. Let government do things as they like.
Most peaceful take over
- Taliban: no revenge we promised  - People: really?  - Taliban: of course tell me how can you revenge dead people?
The United States has invaded Afghanistan for 20 years. Now it has deployed troops. Thousands of civilians from the pro-U.S. government are fighting for military opportunities. The civilians have been asked by the US military who is the most evil?  ?  The army of that country is the most hypocritical?  ?  Syria, Iraq, Vietnam, and dozens of other countries have launched dozens of wars of aggression. They were blown up to waste, blood flowed into rivers, and famines.  Countless civilians have lost their homes, children are hungry, big countries are stealing oil every day, stealing other countries’ antiques, national treasures, and wheat and other food, provoking hatred between nations!  ?  Sell ​​arms to make money!  These evil acts, shameful!  !  Retribution must be shot!
Whenever you see Toyota trucks in your street please run away, you will thank me later 🤓
Wait I thought the u.s was restoring stability
Mr. Suhail, if you want us people to trust you. Then you must give us the most clear evidence that you will not having revenge with fellow Afghan people so that we will not disturb your country's affair.
Of course my comment was deleted. I told the truth. No cuss words either.
Lmao
America made very sensible decision of withdrawing american army from afganistan....
I bet he had his fingers crossed behind his back whilst he was making these assurances 😂
Why would anyone talk to a taliban spokes person have we forgot about the twin towers??
In talibans dictionary Peace = Violence No revenge = Torture.
🇦🇫😭💔🤲
Why don't I believe him?
"Nobody trusts anybody now... And we're all very tired"  *- MacReady, 1982 -*
Taliban revenge is for America not for Afghan so chill 👍
Taliban go back and forth with hardline Islamic rules
Admiral General... Aladeen
Untrue... there will be a witchhunt soon enough..
Stop asking dumb questions BBC! What do you expect from a sharia-driven government?! Freedom?! Equality between men and women?! Impartial justice?! Stop dreaming and don't you know what has happened and is still happening in Sharia-driven states?!?
That's what the Viet Cong said too.
Future of India...
I pray that Taliban will keep their promise for peaceful transfer of power.
I can’t understand why they end up here , why not go to another Muslim country 🤷‍♂️
America loos this war
I feel badly for the Afghans, but end of the day, they were given all  the tools they needed to defend their own country, and they failed  completely and totally. Those I know who spent time there training them,  etc said none of this is a surprise to them. They didn't want a western  style democracy, and were not willing to fight for one. The US should  have left a decade ago when the actual mission of removing OBL and his  org were removed, and left it to the Afghans to decide if they wanted to  take their nation in another direction. Obviously the plan, or lack  there of, for finally leaving could have been much better organized and  such, and I think the US and collition forces should have kept Bogram as  a central location to assist with air support, and the region, but that  didn't happen and that's on the Biden admin and who was advising  him/them.
These lads have defeated 2 super powers in the last 4 or 5 decades. They have taken back their country without actually having to fight in last month. That's surely one for the history books. How the western world digest this will end in one belly ache.
20 years ago you guys fell but now you win again but will it be ok ? I don't think so because the last time you were in power for 5 years was 1996-2001, your country had a lot of terrorists and that conflict was a reality .. So which is better 20 years of democracy in Afghanistan or the Taliban with the caliphate system if it materializes? . I'm Muslim but I don't support the Taliban at all ..
https://youtu.be/ATiYoo3WEjI
You will see masses of people getting their heads cut off soon by the Taliban he's lying.
I Hate when anyone tries to force their beliefs upon others by force. You don't need an Islamic Government, you need a government for everyone who works in a fair manner with the same opportunities for Islamics, Christians, Buddhists, atheists, etc.
Half of these Taliban guys I see are wearing US tactical vests and holding M4’s...talk about humiliation
Taliban's to thier kids :   " And that's how Toyota helped us capturing Afghan"
They are learning from western politicians just lie enough and people will believe you
Western powers are so desperate to convince everyone that the Taliban are crazy monsters.  Because if this myth is busted, then the other great myth - that Islam is evil will also be busted
No revenge he says. Women in refugee camps are already becoming widows. Their sons and husband's murdered in the night for not supporting the Taliban.
https://youtu.be/Ys_VujynDT8
Ashraf ghani- the man with a plan
"No revenge" lol. And we're meant,to believe that? Same as "no more bombings" or "terrorist attacks"...lol guess how they played out
No revenge?? You already have been taking revenge by executing the commandos even after they surrender when they ran out of ammunition, even killing women in the streets for dressing “immodestly” smh utter bullshit
It is good to see Islamic government in Afghanistan. It would be great the citizens to stay in the country and work with taliban
Just nuke them this is the one time nuke is acceptable
Swallow any pride and ask the advice of Rory Stewart - the man everyone should have listened to years ago.
F**k these terroist.
Don’t know If I trust them but assuming they don’t want to rule a country of dead people
I do believe they'll have changed. People can change and they were the government before and they probably learn some of the things they used to enforce are not acceptable and that they'll change it so it's more acceptable.
They wont harm Afghans. But what about others ? They should become civilised atleast now.there is no place for fundamentalism in todays scenario 🙄🙄🙄
I DIDNT KNOW TALIBANS LOVE TOYOTA CARS HAHAHAHA
Man amazing how this gets 1.2 mill views but every other vid on Afghanistan barely gets views shows how us western people love drama 😂😂 but seriously I hope Afghan people get there freedom eventually
We'll see how this goes........ This guy's either talking out of his arse or he's actually telling the truth (which is unlikely) but hey, the truth remains to be seen.
Many years ago, taliban was the government of Afghanistan
Liars ! Taquiya ! the gonna kill all their opposants !
Take advantage of the Covid Delta variant as weapon against the Taliban. Hug and kiss them🤔
Currybun sponsor by china
You can pretty much immediately tell it's bullshit just from the title alone.
They Has Won ... Afgan will Bright Future with Taleban
Fun Fact: Taliban spokesman has an active twitter account, but Trump is banned. A few months ago the Taliban executed a hundred Afghan soldiers after they promised to let them leave peacefully if they drop their guns, they did and all got killed.
This too shall pass. Stay strong and don't loose hope. Have faith in God.
Why peaceful protest was not begin from starting that's means now taliban have a power Taliban is big strategies gamer don't trust it...  I think this is totally injustice against humanity and peace..god give more engery to afghan...stay strong afghan....
So much sympathy/soft question from reporter to terror organization..
Now Afghanistan became safest SHELTER zone for the most wanted terrorists in the world.. dangerous to the world community
Really Toyota has helped Taliban in a agile scrum methodology.
And if you believe that, he has a bridge in New York to sell you!
Pakistan Government has sponsored terrorism and this is the undeniable truth....PM Imran Khan is the SUPPORTER of Taliban....Xi JIN Ping is the FRIEND of the Taliban....
https://youtu.be/dqwK5tPwpe4
well you heard the man, things are not as bad...nothing here to see. Lets get back to our business...they will be another pakistan
உலகமெல்லாம் பாதித்தன இருக்கியா அதே பிரபாகரன் மாநாடு வேணும் எங்களுக்கு ஒரு தமிழ் சொல் நாடு வேணும்னு போராட ஒரு மனுஷனா ஆயுதத்தை கொடுத்து ஸ்ரீலங்கா அரசிடம் கொடுத்து அடித்து கொல்லப்பட்ட 2richa 2 லட்சம் மக்களைக் கொண்ட வெட்டிய அந்த நாட்டு உடைய மக்கள் குடியேற புள்ள அனாதையாக்கி ஆனா தாலி மாற்ற ஒரு தீவிரவாத பயம் அந்த ஒரு இயக்கத்தை ஆப்கான் மக்கள் அப்பாவி மக்களை கொல்ல விட்டது இங்கு வேடிக்கை பார்க்கின்றன இது எந்த வகையில் நான் ஏன் உலக நாட்டு மக்கள் ஐநா சபை இருக்கா இல்லையா தமன்னா நடிக்க இருக்கும் மட்டும் இந்த உலகத்தை கூடுது பியூட்டி இல்லடா ஏன்டா அதில் முக்கியமாக இந்தியா இல்லடா இந்தியா தூக்கி வைத்து பேசி இல்லடா பாகிஸ்தானுக்கு மேல வச்சி பேசுறீங்க இன்னைக்கு என்னடா ஆச்சு உம்மாலே போக்க
There are many similarities between mullah and Rakesh daket in india. Daket told no riots in Delhi and did he did that in red fort. Now turns come for mullah.
1st day in english speaking course..😆
*Toyota Commercial*  Planning the hostile take over of a country which has recently lost foreign aid? While other auto manufacturers would estimate you at 3 months, Toyota can get you there in as little as 3 days. Toyota: Good enough for the Taliban - Good enough for you.
Nigeria government have to stop corruption and embezlement and have the right lighted minded to co-operation and wapout Boko-haram or else such can happoned to Nigeria as a nation. Nigeria leaders stop using Boko-haram as an influence to corruption and embezlement. You can not fight these kind by corruption and embezlement. Only by honest and reality sincerity one minded you can only over come these kind of organisation.  Nigeria government stop corruption and embezlement to save the life of Nigeria as a nation from Boko-haram. Future
What's to be wear is the individual choice.. Kindly respect the beautiful creation of Almighty
Finally freedom won and imperialistic forces were beaten again.
Western media you never learned your mistakes please make sure the sources you get your news.
Dengan mengucapkan salam den memanjatkan shalawat nabi saw cukup didalam hati yang paling dalam dengan keadaan yang tidak telihat dengan baik saat ini antara kedua belah pihak,dan  ANAK" BALITA  dan ANAK yatim piatu kita yang menjerit ketakutan akibat  amarah jahanam yang dibawah keatas bumi moeslim ini dengar kan ini, untuk mu wahai pemimpin taliban apa pun permasalahan kalian mulai dari politik hingga urusan tataaan negara saudara sesama moeslim afgnistan, aman kan anak" balita kita  dan anak" yatim piatu kita ingatlah ini, ALLAH tidak akan mengampun kalian jika kalian tidak mengikuti aturan" yang sudah diterafkan dalam syariat , dan tak untuk kalian syurga yang mengatakan jihad fisabillah sekali lagi wahai kau pemimpin taliban amankan anak" kita anak balita dan yatim piatu jangan  kalian membuat malu moeslim. indonesia
This is what islam wants with the whole world...DON'T FORGET THAT>>>
😔😔🇦🇫🇦🇫💔💔💔
Ya Allah  spokesman look at your self, frees Allah hu SWT to do this evil destroying to Afghanistan,  Ya Allah protects Afganen from evil destroyer Taliban and supporters,  Allah hu Akbar Ameen
Its war between muslim tahlilan & muslim afghanistan...its a muslim drama
Just let them be. Don't call them. Just give them back the country and call it quit.
TBH he seemed fairly reasonable. If they go through with it or not that's another matter though. Apart from the none elected officials it seemed alright anyway. I just hope it works out for the world and the afghan people.
Ashraf ghani is Afghanistan's Vijay mallya
Money is nothing girls are the biggest asset .. which afghanistan dont have ... 🤣🤣🤣😝
If you believe it will be any different than it was 20 years ago, then you are all fools! Murder and mayhem are arriving and it will be worse than ever!
everybody pays but the dimensia lost soul unless hes scandle to the money  then hes smart as a scammer can be  why hes not in prison   because a hack needs to getbintobhis computer life and his familys to get the truth of cover ups and hidings of sugar and honey   till bunba sees his new cellie
its everybofys fault but the crooked evil big guy and hos 10 % he needs to be tripped over
People talk as tho the West lost to an army, the taliban wear civilian clothing and have been nowhere to be seen until the troops pulled out then they came crawling out wood work. the ANA are the exact same, with similar mindsets so hence the speedy takeover. So don't give this bs that west was defeated. They were chasing shadows, fighting ghosts. A non existen army that appears then blends in, to dissappear again. Taliban are junkie weasels and they can do what they want with the country from now on.
I'm confused! Where are girls!?
So,there are Talibanic nomads who can utter english words,lol
Damn... If they want the people to be with them, At least they should return the 1964 Constitution  There women are free not to become ninjas
This is insane. A slap in the face for the soldiers that died fighting the taliban
Wellcome .. only  our brothers from China to Islamic Republic of Afghanistan..
'Murica is a superpower 💩
#FreeFredLumbuyeWhoWasKidnappedInTurkeyOnTheOrdersOfDictatorMuseveni  #FreeFredLumbuyeTheVoiceOfVoicelessUgandans  #UgandaIsBleeding.
Best toyota commercial ever
T O Y O T A
Man, the US military surely is a big joke and failure,not the actuals veterans ofcourse but the the people who run it. People who died during this war died for nothing.
One day terrists will rule over whole world because there is no plan to counter terrisum
Welcome to Paradise😁
no revenge on afghans but on bbc, bbc?
My lord Allah make the Taliban those men you mentioned that you are please with in the quran, guide them to the straight path ameen.
These assoles has a international platform now…
Sleepy Joe also said no revenge on patriotic law-abiding American citizens after the electoral coup d'etat.
Ask any woman if she trusts what these fascist say.
He speaks better than Harry Kane
How ironic the BBC worries about Afghan women but not the ones in Saudi/India/UAE etc for decades 🤔
If they want peace why are they already pushing the country into regression? Painting women’s pictures and forcing them to wear burqa and leave behind education?
The thing is my friend is staying there. He booked his flight at 18th  ig let's hope he can come here
Script by america and pakistan. Poor people suffering
Joe: America is back Taliban: so are we.
The anchor is asking silly questions in the end about women such as wearing hijab....
So he's reciting policy instead of answering yes or no?  Who else does that?  Oh, yeah; Democrats!
BBC has a statue in front of their building. Made by a guy who graped his daughters and also the family dog.
Only one winning this 20 years war is Toyota.
And there's already reports of them searching homes and executing civillians.   At this rate, they'll have a seat on the UN human rights council within 5 years.
😡😡😠🤬
What a joke, meanwhile villager refugees report all the men are rounded up and murdered.
Where is mr bush
why does it feel like someone is prompting behind him and he is answering
In a few years the Taliban will be treated like the crown princes of the emirate gulf states when America will enrich them for exchange into that trillions of dollars of untapped mineral wealth.
Did any women ,/ mothers write to you about their children (boys and girls) being killed  and blown apart by British and American ...Bullets,  Bombs, Rockets and Missiles,  during the 20 year occupation  ??
Leave islam...thats the punishment you can give to taliban...embrace christian religion which promotes peace and forgiveness..islam teach violence..muhammed was lover of war
I fear for the women......
BBC moderator: Participation means one person one vote? Me: 🤣 the Anglo-Saxon imperialists still think one person one vote is universal...
Shit show will began soon. Just look
What's this how can you justify Taliban. They have make obligation for women or children between 14-45 years old. Killing people unnecessary they have record of spreading terrorism. Beware of this wolf they don't want peace they only want shariyat.
Handsome punks
It took 20yrs 4BBC 2 start working 4 Talibz.... Maybe friendship... Who knowz!?, 🤑🤑🤑🐧🐧🐧🐸🐸🐸
இந்தத் தாள் இவனை கொல்ல முடியும் என உலக நாடுகள் எல்லாம் தலை குனிஞ்சி சாகலாம் அது ஏன்னா ஆப்கன் மக்கள் ஏற்கனவே நல்ல முறையா வாழ்ந்திருக்க அந்த நாட்டில் குடிக்கிறான்னு உலகநாடுகள் என்ன இத்தனை நாடுகள் எல்லாம் இருக்கு எதுக்கு ஆலிவர் வல்லரசுகளுக்கு இடையே இதுல ஆயிரம் கூட்டம் போடுறீங்க எதுக்கு போடுறீங்க கிரிக்கெட் வேர்ல்ட் கப் கையடி இருக்க அந்த கமிட்டி உள்ளே ஒரு நாட்டுல பாதி பேரு புடிச்சேன் அந்த நாட்டை எந்த நாடு தீவிரவாதம் தான் தெரியாது ஏதாவது மக்களுக்கு எதிராக ஏதாவது ஒன்னு நடந்தா அது உடனே நிப்பாட்டு இருக்க மாதிரி தான் அந்த கமிட்டி கொடு அதுதான் உலக சேவை உலக சபை என்ன நக்கலா தாலிபன் குழு இந்த மாதிரி அடிச்சு புடிச்சு இருக்கு என் உலகம் நாடு உள்ள சேர்ந்து அதை அழிக்க முடியாத விஸ்ய நீங்க வந்து ஸ்ரீலங்கா நடந்த போற மட்டும் ஈஸியா அவருடைய அவருடைய உண்மையான தன்மையை தெரிஞ்சுக்கலாமா எழுச்சியை உலக நாடுகள் எங்கடா போனீங்க இப்ப எங்கடா இருக்கு இந்தியா ஒன்னு தனது ஒரு ஒரு இந்தியால உள்ள ஒரு ஸ்டேட்ல ஒரு சின்ன ஒரு மாநில மாதிரி தான் அந்த நாடு இந்தியன் மேடரியல் அட தேவிடியா மங்கள அண்ணன் பிரபாகரன் அளிக்கிறது மட்டும் உங்களுக்கு பரிந்துரை தேவிடியா நாய்களா இப்ப அடிங்கடா அடிங்கடா படிச்சு பாரு உலகத்தில் உள்ள ஒருவரின் ஆடையை நான் கேட்கிறேன் அளித்து பாருங்கடா
“Peaceful transfer of power” lmao bro straight up roasting US for the Jan 6 insurrection
Send the yanks over an kill every 1 of the vermin there a stain on humanity bomb the place off the face of the map plain an simple
As usual BBC is clueless and cant even tell the difference between various headwear.
Can we drop a nuclear bomb here yet?? Problem solved
Women can go school. Stop portraying the Taliban like terrorists. They are Afghan people who want control of their own country and Islamic rules. In what law women can’t go school? You dumb idiots. The only reason why taliban were able to takeover is because majority of people supported them.   I am against the terrorist groups such as isis because these terrorist groups do not represent Islam. And they were created by the west for many reasons. If you do your research then you will know.
Its enough that they complet control of afghanistan  Rhen they start killing  Revange is a joke for a talib
Only stupid can believe Taliban. Afgan citizens know too well they would better run than stay under Taliban.
Bring on ww3
Unfortunate event on humanity...
Your a Joke BBC👏👏👏👏
Allah kindly save innocent people 😭
Taliban are sick individuals
0:48-1:00 most polite threat ever😜
Haha - he replied there are many type of hijab, head job. These guys are bad for that country, they will make their own rules.  the west has let afghans down after 20 years, cant believe the talibankers came back so fast to take over. another saigon type failure. it Appears America has set up afghan, Pakistan, china alliance.
Great Man, explain well about wearing hijab and types
God bless you guys.
Allah always with you.
Seems legit
Taliban to Yankees : Now that you're on your way out, do thank Biden when you get home.
What a terrible media BBC... the questions are like You guys are murderer, we dont trust you. And guys, open your eye how many US army raped local women.... unreal BBC. Shame on you all.
Please pray for the people of Afghanistan
It’s so sad
when they said 'no revenge' they are implying that to do not revenge them after when they made terrorists attacks....
Leftist media like BBC is unashamed to call 'Taliban spokesman'.
I couldn't blame US leaving Afghanistan, the problem lies within the current Afghan government itself. The president left tho.
This is complete insanity. Another typical day in congress.
So Taliban is now recognized gang as a government talking to USA and British media . Americans taught them this this nation is trash
What a joke.  They learned propaganda bs from the US.  What he really wanted to say is “oh yea, we gonna take us some  child Brides, heads and hands.  Gonna be some jihad shit happenin here”
there are bigger things to be worried about rather the girls and universities.
Taliban pull out both eyes of a woman in Malistan district of Ghazni province two weeks ago, Taliban lie in media😂💔
This is all a lie. They say this to look humane. They are not. They will extort the roadside merchants for everything they have or kill their families, just as they did before. This is not good. This is not safe for Afghanis
I 💯% believe him.
No revenge, except on women!!
Revenge from the taliban is gonna happen, everyone who worked with western troops will get killed
and yet they killed Afghan that work for American
20 years down the drain... all the work for nothing that is whats painfull.
Worry about yourself before you worry about the enemy.
Because you can trust people who shoot girls just because they want an education right?
Only a fool would be surprised by this outcome, and only a fool would believe the words of a Taliban spokesman, they as the majority of other so called leaders have only their own interests at heart.
There is no covid virus in afgan???🤷‍♂️
It blows my mind that Afghanistan is free of covid-19
Taliban spokesperson tells BBC “no revenge” and BBC believed what these territories are saying ???
These Taliban  are NOT GOOD PEOPLE! They are Murderers and They are NOT TO BE TRUSTED!! Their recent actions PROVE THAT! Women and Children are in Most Danger, now, and these Taliban are LYING about what is happening!!!!
She made a mistake by saying Taliban, with a hate tune... He on the other hand start to call themselve Islamic Emirates of Afghanistan. Good for him.
Fuck America 🇺🇸 Use me as a dislike button 👎
NUKE AFHGANISTAN! NUKE AFHGANISTAN! NUKE AFHGANISTAN! NUKE AFHGANISTAN! NUKE AFHGANISTAN! NUKE AFHGANISTAN!
A Taliban spokesman more coherent than an American president. Impressed!
Fuck Taliban
I feel bad that their religious laws will be imposed and poor women will be made to mar*y at the young age of 11 and get no right to education and always stay at home, damn they were right it’s against humanity, poor children and women! I knew a terriost organisation was never successful in ruling the country with peace !
I am working in Russian firm in Afghanistan. Today Taliban men said it is ok.
Hahahaha 😂
All rubbish statements.  Total waste of time in asking a terrorist spokesperson about peace.
👍👍👍👍
This guy is so full of it. The women are going to get it hard there.  Saying they can work and go to school if all lies. U can hear it in his voice.
Islam is a mentally transmitted disease targeting the illiterate.
Trudeau  going to fly  20 000 to North America to help with revenge
And they want to implement sharia law in parts of the Uk 😂 🤦🏽‍♂️. Surely the left can’t condone this
Wherever the UK and their cousins go they create mess and anarchy. When will this end.
Women are already being kicked out of school, yet he expects people to believe the BS spewing out of his mouth.
I smell BS
Islamic Islam Islam is this the peaceful religion people talk about ?
To the BBC if you want details, speak face to face, not in the security of the studios.
I have more in Common with the Taliban than with the Democrats.
Toyota corporation benefits/ mobilizes  Terrorist Orgenization
Well, if he says so . . . I mean he's only a terrorist.
One man's bad decision, changed the fate of a country, honestly i feel bad for the afhgan people, god knows what's happening out there, specially to women and kids.
Why Are People Commenting 'Toyota'
Sure, evil always involves and finds new ways to hide. China is leading the way, while the west(and all free democratic countries) is sleeping.
Yet
Afghanistan president be like .. Dont worry i have a plan(e)😂😂
Sponsored by Toyota
Tell me one thing this guy has said that he's stuck to in the past. I can't believe how he is able to lie without missing a beat these last few months.
Guess the Taliban don't consider pilots as Afghans
Afghans needs to sort this things for themselves. If they just allow this then no amount of foreign army can help them.
United states slipped away from Afghanistan as all time. Taliban produced narcotic materials and gave to the united states to sell. The  West countries  escaped from Afghanistan and gave up children women and Olds to be killed by taliban. I am clapping hand other Muslim counties because the dogs  of the United States waiting for bones
Taliban Zindabad :)
This is Islam, teachings of Prophet Muhammad PBUH. Compasionate benovalant dull of merci
Everyone is an expert now 😂
So funny 😄
Taliban 🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦
No revenge my ass.
🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦
Zindabad new taliban zindabad
This time we want to see no marcy, shoot out all Talibans . Shoot all each of them who carry guns.
دهند
شما مال این حرفها نیستید اگر امریکایی جای شما بود پاکستان و طالبان را جان هم انداخته بود . مثل رییس عنترت نیستند که تحلیل عمقی ذهن دارند . رییس عنترت جمع گراست و اندیشه ها را قربانی حسادت و ومود نحس خودش می خواهد امریکایی فرد گراست و اندیشه ها را در وحدت دموکراتیک جمع دارد پس هزار عنتر مثل رییست را می رقصانند جای دوست و دشمن نشان دهد
Taliban: oppressive towards women The BBC: Yo bro, did you hear about these women getting vexxed at the universities?
The way the american lady is speaking....thats how you speak to animals....us muslims are not animals thank you very much...i bet her husband cant get it up...thts why shes badly overweight
The Hole thing what Happened,That so Sad 😥😥😥😠
Thanks Biden.
Leave them to it
20 years of US colonization in Afghanistan, TALIBAN know how to speak English better than u and me
Afghanistan take over speedrun any%
This is the new taliban....we are not into killing people ....like america is an what it wants
Believing on this spokesperson is like believing on Biden.
All Afghans except Women and girls 🤔
Biden's only excuse is that he was not the one who started the war in afghanistan.
God save this people
U all r BARBARIC
UK and US spent billions of tax payers money training the Afghan army to repel an invasion. These guys basically handed them the keys to the safe and parliament and said “she’s all yours now, fellas”
Good taliban best leader ship..the taliban wont trouble no females they will look after their people...no one kills or wants to kill their own people.no are afghani sisters dont worry no harm will come to you the taliban will look after you...obviously they told them to leave for the time being for their own safety...an all muslims are meant to cover ourselves men an women....america deal with your own shit...BLM...HURRICANES...FLOODS..LOOTING.MURDER.DRUGS.MONEY LAUNDERING..JUST FOR ONCE FUCK OFF OUT OFF IT
Vietnam allnover again for the West. Hahahahaa
I see no covid their
How are these cars still running lmao
These dip shit Taliban don’t know what the hell they are doing.
Man forgets that it is a woman who gives him birth.
Men plan God laughs
Toyota everywhere
He sounds pretty reasonable lol
Reminds of the end of that film the Italian job when Michael cane says guys I've got a plan ..
ashraf ghani: "don't worry, I have a PLANE".
America is back on earth
America! Russia! They have tried and failed! Come on guys eh even baldrick had a fuckin  plan
Propaganda, the bbc are the terrists also
12978 king ghidorah arriv enfin
Basically the takeover was dependent on the speed of the Toyota in Afghan mountains.
King ghidorah longu vie a'u king catastrophe balayears tou't
Taliban is a creation of usa that fought against the russians like every other terrorist groups trained by usa
Why they are all handsome?
Another muppet built in Geppetto's workshop
Go to Philippines
70000 Taliban soldiers captured 300000 government troops in only 4 days, even 300000 pigs can't be caught in 4days.
Pray for afghanistan
I wouldn't believe one word from the mouth of that vermin. There is no existence of anything remotely akin to peace with that vile regime and its vile beliefs. They need to be nuked, kill them all that's what you do with vermin.
Don't worry Taliban nuclear it's Also damage to be
They lie
Jo jo lali biden chadi wari🤣
Soon as the United States get there they will mess everything Up I'm saying it doesn't feel Right they could have been did this why Now 🤣🤣😂
Such a chilling message..another Syria in the making
Why does the BBC care about women in Afghanistan covering when they are pushing face masks? Hypocrisy at its finest
Give them a chance  We may see a totally changed modernised taliban
God help all the women and young girls in that part of the world.
Very fair
A$$%ole
He is the most trustworthy dude in his field right now :)
Please spare the civilian Afghan they were your country men   government stablish rules and law so they're just fallowers so please don't get revenge on to them
yea right I trust you just like I trust a hyena around my chickens
Notice no women .
BBC is s***h😂😂😂. Everybody knows that...
We not gonna answer to nobody
America just got it's butt kicked again.! All top generals should step down in disgrace.!
0:54 the man in brown comes with a whip threatening the cameraman.
Afghanistan is now totally screwed up !
Yeah, like we can believe that can't we - they didn't brutalise and kill Afghani people last time they were in control did they.  They didn't demean and cause immense suffering to all people, especially women.  God help the Afghan people.
She didn't ask about new govt's covid 19 policies and concerns about super spreader event we're seeing in video.
There will be mass murder. This is a medieval theocratic power.
Now taliban say we don’t have spokesperson
Why USA not sanctions on Pakistan...its all about Pakistan hatched this plan with Taliban.....
I REQUEST TALIBAN LEADERS TO NOT TO GO AGAINST THE INNOCENT PEOPLE. PLEASE, PEOPLE ARE INNOCENT, EVERY HUMAN HAS FEELING, IT REALLY PAINS A LOT. PLEASE DON'T HURT ANYONE
The burqa doesn't cover the face. The newscaster should have at least done a basic fact check and realised she meant to say Niqaab.
China is number 1
God give success islam
Masha allah .s sheen.sir.
What usa was doing . 😂😂😂😂😂😂 This way or that way.    They control
Cbutyapa
https://youtu.be/ExmpIPmyEvE 😱😱
⛅🗽I just wanna see the sun shine tomorrow diamond label vision of before life the source of success is illuminati face the new order de future not history EMEN! Mafia Life Dream Chases Washington D.C. United States of AMERICA is Loyalty illuminaty we some success God bless UNITED STATES. We bless être dad God #Baphomet Shemhamforash! 🙏🏾#FreeMeekMill🤘🏾!.
Im gonna tell my childrens about this war which was lost by Americans by the people wearing slippers 😆
Why is everyone running ? Suppose to be a religion of peace right ?
This is going to be nightmare for innocence people in Afghans
No covid in Kabul then.....?....not a mask in sight......then the Taliban will expect FREE FOREIGN AID....DON'T THINK SO.....
Taliban: "Takes Afghanistan in almost hours after US left."  George Bush: *Oh no, anyway so...*
The toyota low riders are back in town...Its like whe back in 2001...
WHAT A DAM SHAME
NATO: tHeyLl kIlL eVeRyOnE Meanwhile Taliban spokesperson:
Press X for doubt.
Every word this man says are lies
Except for the people that help Nato forces or interacted with them. Or the freedom of press reporters.. Or women and men and children that were beaten already..
Taliban leaders are speaking English. Is it true or using google translator?
Wow look at the ease of living there, l mean how casually the guys in salwar flaunting heavy firearms, launchers, now it is proved that really we are living in 21th century and enjoying free will.
the religion of peace, what can go wrong? lol
InsyaAllah. May Allah guide them and help them build their future country and bring peace to afghan people. 🤲🏻
Taliban and ISIS are the true followers of the filthy prophet Muhammad !
This is Islam ! Why does the west allow the propagation of this cult of Islam on their lands ?
Awwwww, Taliban cracks jokes
Taliban❤️😘💪☝️☝️
https://youtu.be/MBEMk2WX_ug
Peaceful. In other words, beheadings and hanging and brutal inhumane....sick
HOPE  IN LOVE ✝️🧎‍♂️💜📖 Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved. Saved from the punishment of sin. I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!! No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc... offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ. We must be willing to turn from sin and to believe the Gospel, Mark 1:15 to receive Jesus forgiveness. He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 Visual Bible movies on YouTube. Matthew, Acts, Luke, John   ❤️🇺🇸🤍🇺🇸💙🇺🇸 💜👑✝️📖nkjv 🧎‍♂️🙌
Sadly, this just proves again that Afganistan was never really an autonomous, independent country. Its a point of interest for many different forces: militaristic, geographical and economic. From now on, it will be a long fight of diplomacy and media war between all these forces.
So are we going to witness the Liberal Taliban 😅🤨
And Toyota always wins
Love how dramatic the mainstream media is about Taliaban rule of Afghanistan. I think it's great that they want to run the country, Some ones got to do it.
THE GREATEST LIE OF ALL TIME---- WE WILL NOT REVENGE ACCORDING TO ISIS AND AL-QAEDA..
THE GREATEST LIE OF ALL TIME---- WE WILL NOT REVENGE ACCORDING TO ISIS AND AL-QAEDA..
Leave them alone , in this country , war has been going on since the dawn of time .A waste of your time and money.
Let's admit it Talibans are more honest the the United state 😶
Yeah, I trust you
THIS IS REVENGE, YES IT IS. (1)
Ask wat brought USSR down to its knees..#afghan now the sleeping giant is down..this is a clear indication of the rise if china to global vacuum left by americans...#graveyardof empires
Spokesperson
Is there anyone here that has or does live in Afghanistan? Id be very interested in hearing from that perspective rather than just the brits or my American countrymen who seem to just be blabbering on from the outside about things they probably don't fully understand, cause honestly, I dont fully understand and id like to know more.
These guys are different to the ones before
BBC is a joke. Fake News Organization. Democrat Controlled
We will let the girls finish their studies... for this acamedic year. Then they get married. No problem.
Now the world knows that islam is a peaceful religion and USA are the real terrorists unless you are hypocrite.
At least he said women will still continue their education
How crap can a country’s army be that an invading force can take it over in a couple of days, its like they just accepted it and was okay.
Oh lets just believe the terrorists.  Theyre so peaceful and not blood thirsty at all.  Now that they have US munitions, tanks and choppers.
As he states no violence as he is sending a text message to be-head some Afghan usa sympathisers out back. Am I the only person who think that whatever the Taliban say, is just for PR. They just shot 22 Afghan military in cold blood after their surrender. Then released 5000 prisoners including ISIS, Al-Queda and Taliban. Yeah I'm sure their agenda is peace. 4 Afghans fell to their death after desperately trying to hang onto the departing flight of a C17 plane. https://twitter.com/AsvakaNews/status/1427206845706379266?s=20
This is like having independence from colonial masters... You cant invade a country and expect no uprising
Afganistan people should go to UK
there bloody dogs
Thats how people are alone there.left by liberals to maybe die!!!!!
I hate sheriat
The Taliban will instill the most strict SHARIA LAW like back in the "old" days....god help all those Afghani's that just want to live a good, normal life. Damn you USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a liar.
Thanks for 255 Ab bas 260 krwado 😍🥰😍💥
Jaahil
Ye jaahil khudko samhal nhi paa raha desh ki baat krta hai..
It’s a shame for NATO they should hide their faces..
He lies as breathes :(
Defo not read off of a prewritten paper
Toyota runs non stop and proves his quality regardless of any regime... Big Shot out to Toyota...
Lying dog there will be rape and all women and girls will be treated like shit they cant be trusted  all taliban should be shot
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!! sure, whatever you say... WE TRUST YOU MATE!.... :-)
The Taliban listened to some of Trump´s speeches, just tell them some lies
There's the truth guys, Taliban never banned women from education in the past
compre what Taliban said and what  g bush said 20 years ago .g bosh said if you are not with us you against us war criminal need to be prosecuted
LIES.  Wait for the warlords.
Haha the guy says Yes sounds so much like my  scam phone call person
Haha Taliban even made a deal with US government, remain its present territory , now what is happening, can’t believe these is still dumb people even interviewing them.
China and Pakistan will have great influence in Afghanistan.
And you believe him? Jeepers, you Brits.... destroyed half the planet and you believe this murdering thug who has already executed so many, taken so many young girls, will actually be kind and benevolent? Expect wholesale slaughter. And expect it to reach your shores soon.
Well we learnt one thing that Toyota is a terrorist favourite vehicle 🚗
https://youtube.com/shorts/3XNrbePMqBg?feature=share
No revenge? Is that why that interpreter who worked for the Americans got beheaded last month?!
But they will get what they deserved very soon
BS
Afghanistan is your country don’t destroy it and kill innocent people. what was happening 2000 years ago does not apply today because it is a different world so move with the times.Do not kill innocenr people from other religions. Make it a prosperous place not a terrifying place where people are terrified to come to. It’s sad that you have in the past got into places of worship and killed innocent women and children. Have some tolerance for other faiths.
Wow the whole city, they looked like they still lived in the 1930😯
Good always defeats evil,  Long live Taliban..
The thing is. Even if the Taliban has more "progressive" and "moderate" leadership than 20 years ago. The bulk of the Taliban are still Reactionary Traditionalists. Said Reactionary Traditionalists want the spoils of war and sweet sharia law. It's only a matter of time
Taliban have done some terrible things and killed innocent human beings, but I still feel like as if our media is not giving us all the info. Like everyone in the West knows about Taliban, but barely anyone knows what their motives are and why they are doing the things they are doing.
Is  Biden and other western politicians are that stupid not to see this coming, or this plan to power “dark power” in Taleban, regime in Iran and others in Mid East… by the this is how Jimmy Carter back in 1979 as the president of US had a big hand to overthrow Shah of Iran to replace him with KHominee. Now history repeat itself in Afghanistan. Clearly this is a plan by globalists for some sinister idea
Now bombard them when the rats came out of the holes and the problem solved. A unique opportunity
The world would be a better place if there  is no desert cult religion .
Am I literally watching the western powers reach a peace agreement with the Taliban...just so I know what to tell the grandkids...
*"God has promised us victory, and Bush has promised us defeat. We’ll see which promise is more truthful" - Mullah Omar* in reply to Bush 2001  during US invasion.   *Chilling prophetic statement.*
True no revenge?
Hijab will be worn and freedom and a real islamic democracy will be covering them 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Taliban and Toyota - both hard to get rid off
It shows how much damage three poorly informed idiots can do: Bush, trump, and Biden.
Nice interview, I think the questions are in all of people thought right now toward Afghanistan. But we don't know about the reality. Hopefully they are not liying to us
Its time for Afghanistan war to end
His accent shows clearly he is from Pakistan
Why are we the only one's that use our funds and resources to the police of the world?	|
S3
hi sweet friend really good news
STOP Blaming this on America...  Taliban would not dare do anything without the permission of Pakistan and QATAR which in turn would not dare do anything without the permission of Britain..
I’m gonna be sick watching those so called Afghan hero’s of USA, British NATO force. What a waste...nothin to show for.
So women no schools? I support that
Looks like Afghanistan will go back into medieval times again.
At last by the Grace of Allah we Talaybaan Wins. Regards  Hafiz Muhammad Arif Bio Equips Services Lahore Pakistan
BBC is a fake news. Stop telling lies and twisting words arround. Afghans are sick and tired of the interference of the foreigners in their homeland.
Don't tell me you believe that  Same thing what Hitler said
The WH reacts?  Oh yea.  Mumbles O'Biden "reacts" by now sending MORE troops back to the GOAT Lovers Paradise!  🐐  He continues to make Baaa aaad decisions!  🐐  👎🤣
Seems like a reasonable fellow……
Whole situation looks familiar! Oh, I just remember! Same democrat plan for Iran 1979, giving birth to Islamic Government. https://youtu.be/wyHpVZoMIbc
https://youtu.be/OyGUAtF-fng
Taliban do not talk to the media so dunno who u spoke to lol fuckjng idiots
They're not that bad after all, let's hope he kept his words. Maybe, just maybe there would be peace   That one last question about hijab though, it really showed us the ignorances of our media 😂
It reminds the victory of Macca by prophet Mohamed (sm).He says " No revenge is taken " And now the Taliban says  the same " No revengess are taken "
…bit of a pickle
isi
The Taliban have a Twitter account but they block President Trump what does that tell you about left wing media ?
USA fucked up to Afgan innocent People
Really this is gonna be more of a I'll believe it when I see it situation.
Let's just hope that the coordination of those promises are being ordered clearly to grassroot members of the Taliban, especially in the rural areas. Anyway, Great Job for the Spokeperson for Stonewalling like a true western politician
The talibans seem much more civilized than i thought. Or they changed?
Quite a civil guy actually lol. I imagine the Taliban being more just than the former government xD
We pray fr peace prosperity fr afghanistan and its people
All the trillions of money and thousands of US armies who died in Afghanistan are all  wasted and in vain!.It's time for the US Govt to wake up now!. At least,under this new Taliban regime,I hope that they should abolished Sharia Law,which is so outdated and irrelevant for today's world now.I hope there will be education for female and have the right to have a job,no more burqa,no more sexual and physical abuse on women.No more stoning human to death,no more chopping off people's head!. No more force marriage or child marriage.
Islam is the major problem of this world
What they say isn't what will transpire....they are lying
Liars.
The whole thing is so sad.
There should be a ceremonial handover of power from the US to the Taleban instead of a panic evacuation. That will usher in a new level of trade and peace in the Middle East.
Says by Lion - " I'm vegetarian "
A true copy of old leader of Iran!  Say whatever western countries want's to hear and do what so ever do you want !!  In Paris on 1979 a journalist asked from the first leader of Iran; what kind of government you will run in Iran, A DEMOCRACY LIKE FRANCE  he replied!!!!  And when he came to power, run a full theocratic dictatorship regime,
who is gonna be America slaves! not me!
Taliban's with this speed can reach Mars within no time
Is this fight over power?
The only thing America,Britain and Nato forces did make Afghan Talibans to speak better English to communicate with them👏👏 😂😂
Throw all the talibans to the sea!!
CURSE ON TALIBAAN AND CURSE ON USA 🇺🇸 FOR MAKING THEM
BROKEN ARROW AMERICA HAS FALLEN!!!
This is Greatest Example of Jihad and See the power . 50 countries defeated with their most advanced weaponary and Afgha Taliban had nothing and won it the way unexpected by world. Suban Allah. Allahu Akbar
The Taliban are trying to change, to make themselves less extreme
Taliban are Afghans too, they should take care of Afghanistan and Afghans
It's a nervous party in Kabul, ay? Too bad they can't pop the champaign for Taliban's arrival. Maybe pomegranate juice servings or something.
Prophecy FULLFILLED
D palisi iz...
Lol we beheaded so many people but you shouldnt be afraid. Reminds me of Croats ethnically cleansing Serbs in Krajina after Medak Pocket atrocities.
Azerbaijan destroyed Armenia  Pandemic Destroyed world Korea kept building nukes China openly threaten Japan of Nuke attack Taliban destroyed a democratic goverment. United Nation.. what a Joke..
This Taliban guy is saying this stuff to fool people in the West because there is already reports of massacres of Afghan army soldiers and other atrocitties.
HA HA ....HOW ON EARTH CAN THE PEDO BBC ARRANGE A MEETING WITH THE TALIBAN ? HA HA POWER OF ILLUSION... ALL FAKE ALL CRISES ACTORS ...
Things seem fine on the streets based on the footage.
Neanderthals
hopeless country
Some are happy, some are sad. Some are unaffected... I don't know where to put America in these categories...
Wonder which nation's President will want to negotiate friendly ties with the terrorist leader known to be the next Afghan President. Only a mad old cow nation will want to share foreign policies with the newly forged Afghan terrorist Presidency and ultimately who will intimately want to set up embassy in such a downtrodden Afghan.
wtf taliban
It’s their right to deal with traitors how they want.
paz urgente paz jesus cristo e a nossa senhora aparecida apareceram para mim deus existe sim deus e amor e poder
Even if you revenge who cares .. no one gonna accept your failure Nation
Thot status: patrolled.
America again have Blood on their hands , and yet they still act like it wasn’t their fault ? How can America and their allies, including the Uk and Australia turn their back and watch these poor defenceless people be murdered, raped, and executed ? No wonder America is one of the most hated Nations on the planet right now, oh I Know ! There’s nothing in it for them, no Oil, no Plutonium, no Gas, no minerals, nothing. I just hope that the people of the World realise that it is not the American people, but the American Government and the Greedy, Thieving, Liars that run the country that have left these people with no defence to die. I hope I know who’s side my God is on. God save those poor people from what is about to happen. Shame on America and its Allies yet again. 😡😡😡
After handover Afghanistan Talibani people very difficult to live in Afghanistan because they don't focus on basic needs of peole like health ,education ,women right etc.They alway want to rule in Afghanistan
Propaganda
Watch dutchsinse on YouTube. His earthquake predictions are spot on even though this man is saying they cannot be predicted, dutchsinse is rarely wrong; he is more accurate than the USGS! He's informative and speaks so anyone can understand which makes it interesting.	|
'if no revenge' why did the Talibans killed the Security Guards of President Office were killed by Talibans. They are the Govt. employees and they performed their duties, there is no fault with them.
Well the taliban were referred to as freedom fighters while they were fighting the Soviet Union in the movie “Rambo”
The United States has lost the war in Afghanistan 😂😂☕
Taliban don't opposed to West the dress coding and why West is so worried about others culture or religions dress codes? Talibans are not a cavemen running around naked. They're well educated and civilised nation.
A lot of girls will be raped under the talibans . This is like a snack to them. They will murder thousands of people to make a point be heard.
Taliban come back 😱😭
Whatever, i mean you're making Story as you want.
Besides the extremists, they would have probably had a thriving peaceful country if we just left them alone.
"We're going places"   -Toyota
Who cares?
This is the only success of Americans that people of Afghanistan has learnt english  just 🤣🤣🤣
Its cool
Taliban are going to do  a mass slaughter on humanity. Joe Biden and the Democrats will lose the Presidency. It happened on their watch.
Wow well done.
Leave them and they will improve through future, the country is really poor so they do not have opportunities to adopt. When the economy of this country improves all things will improve too, education safety health human rights and technology will improve only when  there is stability. When fighters GDP increases they will look toward happiness and relaxation, but when they do not have money they will do all things to eat and stay healthy. Even in USA if there is problems in resources the citizens will fight like animals.
Bbc is most happiest channel now🤣🤣
BIDEN WILL NOMINATE HIMSELF IN A NOBEL PRIZE
This feels so surreal
They're ready to pledge oath on ISIS
Please allow the American people pack with dignity, it’s too embarrassed
Western propaganda wants to destroy the muslim world.  Hijab is a way of life.
Pakistan since its inception ,  has been trying to  break India and perpetually create troubles for India. For India.time  has come to repay Pakistan in its own actions,  2,  Afghanistan , unlike Pakistan , does not covet , foreign lands like  Kashmir . Afghanistan  is only interested in liberating Pashtun  territories to the east of the Durand Line. Pakistan's western borders  are at Attock and not at Landi Kotal 3  NWFP was taken on lease by the British from Afghanistan just like Hong  Kong. The lease has ended and NWFP should rightfully be returned to  Afghanistan . India should become an ally of Taliban and , to begin with  , help Afghanistan get back from Pakistan Pashtun areas east of the  Durand line. Pakistan western border is  at Attock and not at Landi Kotal
Seems no Corona here
https://youtu.be/mzMHKBt7K9U
The left fails again and makes the world a worse place. Why do people keep voting for these incompetent zealots?
And thats why he’s the spokesman. Calm cool collective but all lies
Too much freedom, they are not western country
Just another deepstate bush Clinton Biden war for profit over now Afghanistan can go to hell were done just like Vietnam etc bring back trump to destroy the taliban
Rape, looting and unjust  Under taliban leadership 😆
Taliban fighters should prove to the world 🌍: Modern Taliban will be different from 20 years ago. It is happy to hear PEACEFUL words from Taliban spokesmen 👍
the most important thing is that Biden will get a Nobel Peace Prize :D:D:D:X
Strongly call on WHO to investigate Fort Detrick Biolab and conduct COVID traceability investigations in the United States
The BBC probably buyers into this BS but the truth is the Taliban is not a single organisation but a coalition of many ethnic groups . No doubt there will be mass killings and widespread revenge.
"A peaceful transfer of power" saying those who blew up a school full of little girls a couple months ago
No one’s wearing a mask. Will the taliban enforce a mask wearing law so that they can protect their hospital system?
Soon we will cover USA ❤Inshallah❤.For Islamic nation there will be no nudity no shameless only (Islam)
ALLOHUAKBAR , BRAVO TALIBAN  Greethings from  Muslims  indonesia 🇮🇩💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Great
Save women and children....  Tough time for them......  God helo them
Americans and british forces are good for nothing
MashaAllah . InshaAllah I hope taliban will stick to their words and promises. 🇧🇪♥️🇦🇫
15 August 1947 india azad hoya aur 15 August 2021 afganista azad huya
Toyota We conquer countries.
The great Mullah Omar told the Americans that you have never won a war and we have never lost a war if you have any Doubt then read the history
The education for women will only be religious education.
Pakistan terrorists country. Pakistan taliban.
Difference between Americans and Taliban  2001 : American invasion Afghanistan with thousands of Killing and murdered of innocent people  2021: Taliban Captured whole Afghanistan with no major killing with no revenge
Looks like Afghanistan won the fight vs covid.
Afghan people: Sir! Taliban has reached Kabul! What should we do? President Ghani: So, it's time... Afghan people: for what?! President Ghani: NIGERANDAYOOO!
On my opinion it will be peaceful.
behind the closed doors is where all the evil shit will be carried out by the taliban
US WILL RETURN TO CRUSH THEM IF THEY WILL KILL PEOPLE
what is the point of this interview, you will hear whatever they think is advantageous to them. Just wait to see what actually transpires and report on that.
We are waiting for the inauguration of new Afghan president led by the taliban.all the werstern leaders must be present including president joe biden queen Elizabeth Israel's prime minister
Those who are talking of woman rights should listen from 2:55
So?
Imagine that…decades of war for nothing. So many people dead for nothing.
This is so sad
Believe me he speaks good, English. Love his accent, hope ladies and kids go to school
Here we go again Muslims against Muslim it is so sick to see this as Allah sent us to be a better human and now more laws they are something in it for them for sure
What the hell taliban? Why are you using a Ford at 0:54? Damn it show your Toyotas!
Afghanistan is a lost cause nuke it and start fresh
They learned so much from irans regime (islamic republic).😑😑😔😔
Huge Respect , They Forgive everyone,  As PM Pakistan, Imran Khan Said many times 15 20 years ago, there will be no military solution in Afghanistan soon and Later they had to had to The Table talks, US after killing Millions on Innocent Afghan Citizens they are leaning, Now just hoping for Good in Afghanistan and Women should be allowed to get education in Afghanistan
Islam' a bad.
Create an enemy, fight the enemy defeat the enemy rinse and repeat.
I just have a feeling things might get better there..they don't just want western interference...few harsh laws could be relaxed.
Last sentence was awesome so.mesmerising...😄
No revenge; Yeah like we're going to listen to this guy.
Wear gunny Bags so that no body come near
Afghan President took social distance to next level. He left the country.
Afghanistan is The graveyard of Super power.  Though 3-4 thousands killed by Taliban.. But 34-39 thousands Made suicide.. It's Shame..  53 thousands NATO soldiers wounded..  2.2 trillion dollars vanished..  By the Way...  China rises..
This new wave of Taliban are definitely more smart then their predecessors without a doubt...dont get me wrong they absolutely knew how to fight and take over large territories and cities just like they do now and that's because they learned how too and they've trained that way for years and years and they are without a doubt very efficient at what they do/did when it comes to warfare...But they have learned they have to change with the times, E.G. how nowadays the Taliban are actually letting girls/woman go to school and study. Sure that might change sometime soon but what I'm trying to get at is the new wave of Taliban understand they need to keep up with the current times otherwise they'll lose that much more support from citizens if they don't...They are absolutely still going to follow the way of Islam and those rules and principals..but they've realized if they bend certain rules like letting women have an education, that it will actually benefit them and they're country so much more getting that local support and then having that much more of a disposable workforce having woman being able to do certain jobs the same way nowadays....🤷🏼‍♀️
He is trying hard to get 72 Virgins in heaven
He is lying
I didn't know the Taliban did sarcasm.
1st point: The Taliban lie. 2nd point: There is no revenge to be had  -  The Afghans were resisting a take over by a brutal and totalitarian Regime. 3rd point: The Taliban need to appear 'human' on the world stage.
Even the Taliban politician has become woke. Damn
Toyota is really upping there game on these advertisements.
Terrorism and Islam are like either sides of a coin. Yet another proof. Eradicate Islam. Eradicate Terrorism. 21st Century calls for an Islam-free World for a peaceful future.
Dictator Aladdin 2
In past 20 years of battle for freedom Taliban took freedom and experience as well
And this sexy girl is from Afghanistan hazara girl! I mean the anchor
I see people looking for someone to blame. This has nothing to do with Joe actually. There was a huge clamour in the US for troops to be returned back home, that’s why Trump signed an agreement with the Talibans in 2020 if you remember. So please stop all the political games and stick to honesty. The Afghans will have to make their own decision of what type of country they want. One that kills innocent people worldwide or one that lives in peace
Wow nice spokesperson of great Taliban
Afghanistan... the country with no people... Who believe the Taliban? Who believe the Hamas? Taliban just know how to process opium.
We'll believe it when we see it.
Bidens covid stimulus is going to send billions to the Taliban for gender equality
Prove to the world that you will allow inclusion not dictatorship. Plz don't destroy the dreams of  women that can surely become an ASSET in growth & success.
Nah the americans wanted the situation in Afghanistan to be the way they are now.
Taliban, you have taken the country and that is a huge responsibility on your shoulders.  You have to do the wright things according to Islam, like protecting the women, children, the elderly and all the citizens.  Always remember, this life is very short and tomorrow you will be standing infront of Allah to answer so many questions. Fear Allah and the hell fire.
BBC has changed its mind.
Don't be fool , a PEW research happened in afganistan shows that 99% Afghans want Sharia in their country and Afganistan Muslim population is 99.6% .
Nice to see them wearing masks
Chiang Kai-shek is actually the strongest among American puppets Recognizing this, I laughed
You were just abandoned by the Americans! Just like the Kurds!
🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢
IF Taliban has good intension then they form a goverment then stop violence. Rebuild afghanistan in all aspects religion, economy etc.
No revenge as long as they conform
https://youtu.be/7v0cJXhxIU8
When he was talking about woman and you see no women except host in this whole video.
Quite impressive - and very sad
Corona: i spread faster  taliban: hold my toyota....
Ah...I think all of them are spokesman for these clowns? Crooked fool's.  Will be back?
Allahu Akbar,May Allah give Taliban the power and intention to establish justice and give them the power to develop the country with establishing and spreading the Sharia'h Law.Ameen
Let's hope that CHINA & RUSSIA don't recognize the ISLAMIC EMIRATE OF AFGHANISTAN as a state!!!
So he says female will continue study but how will it be possible when a female is going to be either married or ra***d in her early age.
People, who say the punishment of the Taliban are brutal I've dedicated my writing to them to read with attention.  First of all, why would anyone do that kind of job by which they can be stoned to death, beheaded, and got cut off a limb as they know the consequences of doing those? For instance, you know jumping from a 10 story building or to fire will cause your inevitable death so you're never gonna do that ever. It's the same for Afghanistan's 🇦🇫 people. If they would like to die in that brutal way they can do that crime. It's entirely up to them as they know the consequences very well. We don't need to think about that because those are punishments for offenders. They're not going to be published if they don't do crimes. Afghanistan will be a peaceful and crimeless country as people know the consequences of committing a crime. In the US people get the death penalty and many people get shot and killed by police or offenders, isn't it brutal if you say SHARYAH law is brutal? Gunshot makes holes in your body which is also painful death-like stoning, which is so common in the US. It's happening every day in the US.   Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Oman, Qatar, and some other Middle Eastern countries where SHARYAH law is strictly following their crime rate are the lowest in the world like 1%-4% while in the US crime rate is 47.7%, in Brazil, it's 68.31%, in South Africa it's 77.29%, you can see the comparison very well because of so-called brutal punishment. Because of the presence of brutal punishment people are afraid of doing crimes, before doing that crime they think more than 100 times.  In the US, Brazil, South Africa, and other countries in the world, every day people are being murdered by gunshot, stabbing to death and so many other brutal ways. In countries where the crime rate is up to 50%, it's can be preventable by implementing SHARYAH law like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Oman, Iraq, Qatar where the crime rate is less than 4%. Giving brutal punishment to 2 to 4 people, thousands of people's lives can be saved from brutal murders, rapes, robberies, etc. Another thing, homicide is the highest in the US than any other country in the world which is 49.20%.
Why do i all of a sudden smell middle eastern perfume.
One can see a lot of women on road supporting Taliban. #equality
Participation to live patiently in a barren where little precipitation occurs. Consequently living conditions will slowly become hostile even for the life of camels and the date palms to grow.
More than 60 countries issued a joint statement on Sunday, saying Afghans and international citizens who want to leave Afghanistan must be allowed to depart, and airports and border crossings must remain open and secure.
Seems like the west has taught the Taliban in the last 20 years how to speak like western politicians. Lmao
I thought he will give explanation on different types of hijab. Bad luck video ended too soon. Anyone got full version of this?
Seeking an education they're were forced to attend underground schools, where they and their teachers risked execution if caught. They were not allowed to be treated by male doctors unless accompanied by a male chaperone, which led to illnesses remaining untreated. They faced public flogging and execution for violations of the Taliban's laws. The Taliban allowed and in some cases encouraged marriage for girls under the age of 16. Amnesty International reported that 80% of Afghan marriages were forced.
Godbless all the people who lost their love ones to this on going war 🙏 ❤
so this is why nfs games don't include toyota anymore
The president I got a plan I mean I got a plane to catch
So basically back to the Old Testament. Gotcha.
BS !
Let the beheadings begin.
Very civilised ( though unexpected ) response from them . Unfortunately the western capture of Kabul wasn't so peaceful and non violent .
Hijab is not your issue dear Anchor. Don't poke your nose in to our matters.
But we were told men and women were equal, women can do any and everything men can and even do better, suddenly, all the women are now asking for help and desperately begging to escape their own country, why so? Why don't you compete when things get ugly? Why not fight for your right and country? Why the hypocrisy?
They will slaughter thousand. Need to make a force of a dozen men who can pass as natives and kill them and there God they are living a lie imthe only true God on earth I can remember every year my past lives . 138665 these was me two
I don't believe a word of it. There's going to be genocide. 😥
While their were in power in Afghanistan, the Taliban became notorious internationally for their misogyny and violence against women. Their stated motive was to create a "secure environment where the chastity and dignity of women may once again be sacrosanct", reportedly based on Pashtunwali beliefs about living in purdah. Now that the Taliban has seized most of Afghanistan again, there are many concerns.
If they give women rights like this as he mentioned, then there'll be no problem I guess
Any female reporters want to volunteer to go to Afghanistan at the moment.
☝ 	I love you Kristi! What an amazing narrative!	|
Taliban "You may have guns and tanks but we have time"
Oh, the good and moral Taliban promise not to hurt the Afghan population. They are ONLY going to force Sharia law on them, welcome to hell!
Psyche! -Taliban
Third class propaganda news channel bbc
US + GB—->> “Now its the time to test our new weapon” bwahahahahahahaha!
If they are in majority..... they have problem //// If they are in 2nd minority .... they still have problem
At least now there will be no more suicide bombings in Kabul.
Whatever is happening in Afghanistan, is exactly what US wanted. Don't tell they were unable to hold Talibans.
US come "remove" taliban, build the country, and then 20 years later give it to the taliban. The world look strange day by day.
A Free and Huge Advertisement for Toyota.
He's telling the "Policy" to people while their militias are doing whatever they want to on ground. There is no crosscheck on their workers what they are doing actually.
One person one vote can't apply in the world of group sex!🤭😅
What they are telling to the world is completely lie. They have anouced that all the people who works in different ministries can come to their job but when they went they have taken the governmental cars, guns and equipment from them and send them back  home.
Shouldn't America be asked what was it doing in Afghanistan for last 20 years
America has successfully established Taliban regime in Afghanistan, misson accomplished!
I feel so sad for families of soldiers who lost their life for nothing 😭. Some lost their father, brother, husband, lover, friend, care taker of their families, their motherland. Rip to bravehearts ❤️
Another country where we can watch real entertainment, like beheadings and whipping people in the middle of football fields soon.
West or west Taliban are the best in the world Long Live Emirates of Islamic in Afghanistan ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sure.
Viva Taliban !
I think that the nord vietnameese says the same after the fall of Saigon.
Lier
Sad fate for a country crushed by disgusting superpower politics.   Usa is just as guilty as UK if not more for doing this BS in modern world.
Good Luck TALIBAN..
They took enough oil, i leave
The fact that my uncle and so many others died in Afghanistan makes this so hard to watch. We haven't done anything meaningful for the world when it comes to our military since WWII. Vietnam was a waste. Desert Shield and Desert Storm were the catalyst for 9/11. We killed Sadam Hussein for no other reason than just being pissed off and that left a giant hole in leadership out there that ISIS and other terrorist groups easily occupied. And now this crap. We did kill Ben Laden, but that was basically Ghost Recon.
Islam is peaceful religion.So leaders of Taliban please be kind to woman.Allah is great.
The Taliban is more honest than American Leaders. This is their country all of them have the same Religion. They should be happy together.
Rest in peace Afganistan
Fear do come from their faces
local civilians are the Talibans .
what type of hijab?
Soon there will be infighting between warlords for sharing of power.
Then why are they murdering innocent civilians raping the women and shooting journalists?!!!!
Men wants to tell women how to dress 🙄🙄
WILL   THE    NEW    TALIBAN    WALK    THE   TALK ?  🤔
Jalisco cartel sur 13 surenos south side Mexican Mafia norteno 14
The Taliban spokesperson is very educated and despite the interviewer clearly spinning it off he responded well and politely without any air of hostility or aggression.
Some years ago, a Taliban commander say:        “ America has the watch. But Taliban has the time”. As a veteran, I can only say that it is very hard to convey the sense of...hopelessness that only someone that walked up and down those mountains, away from family, and not knowing if today was your last day would experience watching this unfold.   You want your sacrifices to mean something, like the veterans of WW2. But now this will be the Vietnam of the 21st century. Imagine when the grandkids ask about your time in the war...what will one say?   We are on a bad streak.
This some BS and you know it
gys search General hamid gul former Pakistan army general and ISI Chief who Defeated KGB listen to his prediction wich is al and total correct proud on isi.  Usa: you just make movie and do what you want Pakistan inter-service intelligence agency + taliban : we play hard we play on fire.  and me in Pakistan just laughing and in my mind   inter-service intelligence agency
Why others country do not help afganistan
and the USA trained Afghan military with best equipment and money  and Pakistan Inter services intelligence agency trained Taliban with no money so here the result
The most expensive, sophisticated military in the history of the world and it keeps being defeated by third world countries 🤣🤣🤣
In other perspective, i salute to Taliban. They can beat so called : the strongest super power in the world
scam alert
Goodjob Taliban for your resilience and keep fighting for your freedom, now your country will be blessed by allah a prosperous nation …
The reporter: "there has been concerns of women they have been texting me , writing to me"  We shamefully turned our eyes when we "carpet showered with flowers" for 20+ years naming it collateral on every women child we have killed and maimed .   Well the women of Afghanistan  had been voicing their concerns for the last 20+years when the NATO best trained troops 150K+ and world's most advance Military hardware.  We can't deal with 40K Taliban terrorists.   We have the audacity of turning a blind eye and voicing concerns on camera where we well know what we had been doing.   7000+ Afghan women sold to indian red light district in hopes of making them Bollywood star.   Giving amnesty to an Indian 4 star general for raping/violating Afghan women/girls without Charges on Afghan Soil . (The general is still on active duty in India )   Our reporting valor honor awakens when we see ratings on the news we break. Shame on us .
Usa & apakistan-(. sem ..)usa- Việt Nam me 1975”
I saw Rambo at the back
I HOPE THE TALIBAN GIVES FORGIVNESS TO THE PEOPLE. BE THERE FOR THE PEOPLE NO MATTER WHAT THE COUNTRY HAS BEEN THRU. RELAX ON SOME LAWS SO PEOPLE CAN THRIVE AND THE WHOLE WORLD CAN SEE THEY ARE THE TRUE LEADERS OF THE PEOPLE FOR THE PEOPLE.  PEACE. ENOUGH WITH WAR AND HATE. WE MUST RESPECT ONES COUNTRIES LAWS.  AND THOSE THAT DONT WANT TO LIVE UNDER THESE LAWS MUST BE ALOUD TO MOVE ELSEWHERE WITHOUT REPERCUSSIONS.
Well, looks Taliban beaten corona ;-) Peaceful transfer of power means when dudes get sick of government and just take it ;-)
What a right mess. Ghani is a coward.
I was thinking 🤔 things r going to b bad. but after listening him, I think American tax didn't gone wasted.
Best toyota commercial ever
"do you mean one vote one person?" what an unintelligent question.
These really just show how important learning a language is for these people. Because if not, the western media has an entire narrative against them, and no response that will be heard by the innocent Americans
Not peaceful for the comic or the director of media that were killed. I've seen interviews from women who say husbands and sons have been taken and shot. This representative is speaking falsely.
We are the servant of people 😆 What kind of servant keep ak 47 and move on roads hoisting flag with guns and groups  May be in pashto servant means autocrat
Lol utter farce.. wonders how much money the USA  made from those poppy fields.. phaps as much as the UK.. It's all a game, sadly at the expense of the innocent. Yet the terrorists aka USA n co are still invading countries,fooking up countries.. Can smell the pretzels from here. Where's Tim Osman when you need him..google
Hes a bloody liar
They have involved it seems . Let's give them a chance
Allah o Akbar Finally Truth Wins  Thats the biggest Victory of Taliban and Its Good for Common Americans too Now Stay Away from Wars Best Wishes from Pakistan
suhail shaheen  these are your people so why would you want to hurt them instead of have them trust you . you attract more bees with honey then vinegar.   and why not let women educate them self your mother was a girl i do not get it why are you scared to have a educated people just be fair
*calling bullshit*
hey muslims, please dont forget: this is the part where u blame the American troops about the turmoil in Afghanistan!
I just hope America doesn't get involved again. Let's just leave the Middle-East alone? Ok? We've wasted enough Lives & Resources on the Middle-East.
Yeah, servants of the people…….going door to door taking women for sex slaves ! Everything they say is an outright lie, except for the instituting sharia law ! What an outright desecration of the women of Afghanistan !
America did a better job training the Taliban to fight the Soviets than they did training the Afghans to fight the Taliban
Why do I get a feeling that the things he said are just lip service on the media? He said they will establish many schools for women but last May 10 they just bombed a school bus full of girls on their way back from school. There are more than 50 school girls age 15 y.o and below that got killed. The reason for their demise was because they're girls and they are attending school.
Now what if we trust Taliban because sending another Army it will be another 20 years of war in Afghanistan what if we believe that this is the End of war and may peace will come
Religion causes problems once again.
Of course.. Thats why the Taliban already ordered that unmarried women and girl older than 15 have to be handed out to the Taliban. I can hardly imagine what all these women are going through right now.
Why is this guy sugarcoating the Taliban's plans? Like, why lie about oppressing women? You're gonna do it, everyone knows you're gonna do it — just say it. What's America gonna do? Go to war with you for 20 more years so women can go to school? lol
And you believe that?
welcome to the results of think tanks in Washington  DC and theoraticians who have never moved out of their cities in USA. They "analyse, recommend and think" on behalf of the administration and congress , they do not understand culture and history , yet they drive decisions. That is how where we are after 20 years, 2 trillion dollars and lot of American blood.
Media is always concerned about hijab I don't know why?? Its their problem now u have nothing to do with it u can wear you bikinis but if Muslim women don't like it then what is the point?? 👎👎👎
yeah yeah the taliban are known for beeing very kind people and respectful to every afghan (man or woman) .... not
LMAO the terrorists learned English since 2001
Talibans are Pashtoons🧐
Plese end the war. I hate taliban
Taliban the trajon horse of America like Pakistan is the Trojan horse of British
2021: we’re really asking terrorists they’re moral plans to run the country. and they actually have a response
So basically this was the world's costliest English education plan.
It's clear that USA ( including NATO members) has returned considering their economic loss and values of lives they lost. This is win-win situation for USA and Taliban. Now wait and see. What's is going to happen? Don't blame anyone just depending on medias because this is the same Taliban who were trained and supported by USA in 1978 to resist SU.
stupid reporter all they want is to make people follow "ISLAM"
After the USA and NATO, RUN FROM   , Afghanistan  ,the next turn will be for Modi and the RSS very soon۔ with help of God .
President of Afghanistan: Don't worry guys I have a plan.  President of Afghanistan has left the game.
Another sucessful story of US and their alliances 😆
I've been following the war for 20 years and always thought the taliban were bad news, however what I see in the faces of the Afghan people (in the western media) is genuine jubilation for the first time in 20 years. I have no argument against this.
I’m waiting for vice news to be facing face to face with them.
*Phew*, thats truly a relief, because he's *definitely* being truthful when he tells foreign journalists that Afghan people have nothing to fear, and I'm sure his Taliban fighters will stick to his orders and there will be no public beatings, no rapes, no murders of gay people or non muslim faith practitioners, and no executions...
So now the time has come when Ex President of Afghanistan, Ashraf Ghani (who Always used to speak against Pakistan) has left Afghanistan. I'm glad cause you don't deserve this post Mr Ghani. In fact, just call to your Indian Friends on this occasion... 🤙😏
Upgrade talibán
Welcome to Talibanistan!
https://youtube.com/shorts/EC0h5k13Yrk?feature=share
https://youtube.com/shorts/EC0h5k13Yrk?feature=share
Like they said no killing of civilians or attack on cities. Just reporting this is ridiculous. Remember how they took power in the 90s and opposition leaders who were supposed to be treated fairly disappeared one by one after they took power. Why is everyone so clueless didn't you learn from 911?
https://youtube.com/shorts/EC0h5k13Yrk?feature=share
Because they are all in on it
https://youtube.com/shorts/EC0h5k13Yrk?feature=share
https://youtube.com/shorts/EC0h5k13Yrk?feature=share
Reporter : what are you planning to do now ?Spoksperson: we wont take any revenge  Meanwhile a Taliban pointing a gun at him shouting "read it read it mf"
all the videos coming out of the country show complete opposite what this lying propagandist is spewing. They are shooting and beheading afghan national soldiers who surrendered and even government officials, and their first two rules implemented on afghans, all girls must quit going to school and all women must be accompanied by a man at market, as reported by associated press.
Nato+afghan army 😂 Hahaaaaaaaaaa
Taliban ZINDABAD
i bet the delta variant is strong there  no need to take any action china has taken care of it
The old just give us what we want and nobody gets hurt routine.  They are domestic terrorists though now buying products from them will mean directly financing terrorism.  Sharia law is not good women are stoned to death for offences such as looking at a man or showing their hair so just know what sort of diversity you support by enabling their culture.
all lies, afghan govement wanted this, its a tribe war
The media has branded the Talibans has idiots, but we know the media by now. It’s 2021, these men must have a greater plan for their country. Am sure the govt is worse than they are. Leave Afghanistan alone let them deal with their social and economic problems. The media and evil doers are the reason these people have been living like this for decades
Hugs not slugs
Of course the Taliban will murder anyone they find that was working for the US or the UK, regardless of what the Taliban tells the world. I, for one, am not fooled by what they’re saying
They really think the world going to except them
I think everything will be alright
Vietnam: we defeated the world superpower.  Afghanistan: hold our sandels
Why the Afgan President ran away leaving all his poor citizens. He is real coward instead of protecting his citizens.. Hell on earth, war torn country with terrorist leadership ruling now...😭😭😭
What about all of the surrendered soldiers who were murdered by these terrorists?
why is biden hiding?
taliban make a new world record..if vietnames win by usa in 1975, but afganistan/taliban had won vs two  "super power" usa in 2001-2021 and soviet 1979-80s😀
it's crazy what religion has done to this world...
Oic can bark only on nonmuslim here no barking whereas many muslims killed in this conflict
This guy is lieing and good luck to the inocemt
No revenge, just heads rolling
You've got to remember we need to keep America stronger than our enemies. If we keep wasting time with Afghanistan we can't make America stronger and more people will join with not being scared to be send to Afghanistan we Americans tried our best to help and supply them
Well there you have they are trustworthy people 🙃🙃
Dont think they have full control of many armed thugs, that are with them
All of West today is worried about girls and women in Afghanistan, but no one is worried about Kashmiris who are suffering for 74 years at the hands of Indian soldiers, and barbarian Modi, Kashmiris have girls and women too, 90 thousand females of all ages were raped there and no one came for there aid. Shame on all the western media.
Taliban must be vigilant about the enemies of Islam strategy.about civil  wars n divide n rule.As they did in Iraq.Syria n Libya.
Looks like peace has come to an end boys drop your phone's uninstall Tiktok and it's time to Go Serve your country.
Gosh, I really hope he isn't lying. Imagine all those innocent lives that are at risk.
Why hijab only for women if God says hijab is good then islamic men also should follow it. Otherwise it's trash no need to follow it by women. 🔥
English and education goal met.
One thing I learn japanese pickup trucks are best  against the allied war vehicles.
I still don't understand how NATO + American troops boasted about training a fearsome fighting force that literally didn't even last a whole year, but a whole month.  smfh
Wow Talibans taking over with less violence and more accountability than the Americans
It’s so scary to see them .. 😥.. ya Allah protect the innocent lives
Very shame full moments for..so called superpower amarica..Allah is a greatst And Powerfull ALL OVER THE WORLD ... AS YOU CAN SEE IN AFGHANISTAN
It was always pointless. Biden made the correct move.
Ya.... Right.. Like that gonna give any confident 😆😅
Taliban Blitzkrieg, maybe more swift then Nazi army. What happened to " it will take 90 days to capture Kabul"???
Bbc asks too many questions........ He is just saying we'll make or break
Very sad... Praying for Afghanistan
Thanks to American Tax payers, You built Afghanistan with Airforce, Parliament, Roads, provided high technology weapons, and handed all of them to Taliban without taxes, and debts.
I think general public in the world knows more geopolitics than AMERICAN POLITICIANS
There citizens were un armed this could happen to any un armed country this fast with in a few days.
That man could win the us election 😂😂
Nobody  Joe Biden :- *wE wErE nOt FiGhTiNg iN aFgHaNiStAn iT wAs ChInA wHo WaS tHeRe fOr 20 yEaRs*
All praises to Allah SWT! Evil & aggression equipped with Technology didn't work against faith, righteousness & motivation. Salute to the brave Talibaan! Certainly a bad day for all the adventurists.
It's about time we have an Islamic State.
How many promises have the Taliban broken before?
I can see the creation of a new ISIS on the background for the next decade so that the west have an opponent to go to war on terror. Install the ground layers, create a target, fear monger your falks back at home, harness patriotism, lets go to war, yey!! Im amazed how people watching this news belives that a bunch nomads with ak47 can take over a government in today’s world. Ffs look at the satellite technologies and weapons the west have and you are telling me its not enough to wipe out these bunch militias on toyota?? Give me a break. Another trillion dollar defense budget on the making. Only if the people could wake up, these funds can be used to fight homeless poverty unemployment climate change… stop being a sheep and believing the narrative of the media. Look beyond what’s being presented to you. 20 years of war and the strongest super powers the world has ever seen couldn’t defeat 80s style taliban?? And you want us to believe it.
America's just take care your own country
So here comes the refugees again. Biden administration is a disgrace.
No one will believe that.
Retaliation against Afghans: "No" (Lies) Retaliation against the West: "Yes" (Doesn't lie)
When Sultan Mehmed II captured Constantinople in 1453, he used the professionals who were there to successfully administer the City and his Empire rather than putting them to death. This is what the Taliban should do in Afghanistan.
Of course not! what do you think they are? Antifa?
Looser don’t have right to ask how winner will play
This is on every single Biden voter.... screw you all.
Bal ciris
They will absolutely kill anyone who aided the Americans! GTFOH! No one with a brain is believing this BS!
Alhamdulillah Taliban Comming Back And Gajwa+Bhagwa e Hind Comming Soon 🤲🙏
Jesus is your way to heaven, he paid the price for your sins. Once you believe you are sealed and saved forever.
Jesus is your way to heaven, he paid the price for your sins. Once you believe you are sealed and saved forever.
next they will develop nukes n join forces with North Korea  n declare war on U.S.
If there is no revenge from Talibans  side  is mean they get smart and they an rule the country in their political way !     Seems they  get smart ....but they don’t know how to get the power !
I really the Reporter and how she asked the most important questions i only wished she also have asked their policy on their Taliban soliders on harming people for no reasons and how their taliban rulings will make  every one of their soliders accountable for their actions
Where is Joe Biden now?
Partcipation means one bullet one person
horrible, horrible.... I doubt he will allow women to work or going school with their 2 by 2   subdued religion mentality. I really hope  Afghanistan may be in peace soon.
No matter how anyone sees it.  It's very sad that their president turned to be a coward.  They didn't fight for their freedom or to defend what they had already gained and lastly,  U.S. military couldn't be there forever either.  My nephew went and fought over there when he was in the Marines.  As family,  I wouldn't want him over there again either.  Too many lives fought and died for nothing.  Better to have them come home.  I pray 🙏 God helps them.
I wish only the best and for the Afghans to rule their country how Allah intended. prosperous & gloriously. Love from 🇨🇱
Fuck sake. Its like we were never there
He sounded very reasonable ! More convincing than many British ministers lol
Rip Afghanistan
ALHAMDULILLAH TALIBAN Comming Back and Bhagwa+Gajwa e hind Comming Soon 😍😍
Bast*****d USA runaway badly🤣🤣🤣.Deep Slap on the face of America😂😂😂F***k you America🤣🤣...
It's very disappointing 😂 😂 for Afghanistan people please pray for Afghanistan. We not trust the Taliban
Bast*****d USA runaway badly🤣🤣🤣.Deep Slap on the face of America😂😂😂F***k you America🤣🤣...
No revenge on Afghan. How about Americans/  British?
Biden is the weakest failure, its so bad it almost feels like hes failing on purpose!
very big joke
hhhhhh
Mostly Afghan are favor too taleban.
What a graceful man. Taliban are indeed a force of good against all the evil in this world.
The Taliban will seek revenge on pro Government Afghans !!!
BBC can U have an interview with Tony Blair to ask what he achieved while siding with US in Afghanistan and killed thousands of innocent people. Moreover, who is responsible for the British soldier who have been killed just for nothing.
I have seen pictures of dead prisoners killed by the Taliban for fighting against the Taliban !!!
I did not vote for President Biden, but what he did in Afghanistan is amazing and the right thing and he ended this war forever ..! he should be nominated for the noble Peace Prize.
REALLY?!  Y'all couldn't get a better spokesman of English than this guy to be your media face.  That was a little rough to follow, but it left me with the impression that its gonna go to sh*t for a minute on all those fronts, but like in Chechnya, they might impose some form of Sharia law to keep people from killing each other, for murder is Haram, and out of that may come some kind of peace to build upon, and because the Afghans will have realized their autonomy, they may somehow end up electing themselves their preferred leadership.  This is the 2nd time that Britain has pulled out of Afghanistan, a country they and the Russians know to be the graveyard of empires.  Besides the British, the last people to make a real impact on that part of the world were the Persians, for whom the Afghans were highly influenced by, as they were in the middle of the Persiatic world that stretched from Uzbekistan to Iraq.  Their food is SO BOMB!  I've been to Fremont HELLA times and there's some great Afghani food there.  The Afghan people will have to figure out how they want to live without Western influences, for better or for worse.
Admiral General Aladdin 😂
lies lies and more lies - the only thing that will come from this is more terror attacks world wide
Empowered by the will of the people that called the Taliban into power in this war-torn country even to inspire extremists the world over to exercise their brutish ideology of dominion, we must hope for justice: that the Taiban will eventually fall to an armed coalition including nations from the Arab league, reap unrelenting economiic sanctions and ultimately face an International tribunal trying them for crimes against humanity. Watch the brute implode shooting himself in the leg. LSJ
Oh? What about the girl who was beaten to death Because her dress was deemed to short.  What about the afghan commandos marked for death.  What about going into villages and killing rhe men and boys who where soldiers or cops?  What abijt enslaving women and girls as  ,,spoils of war,,?
I did not vote for President Biden , but what he did in Afghanistan amazing and the right thing and he ended this war forever and he SHOULD NOMINATED FOR NOBLE PEACE PRIZE
Sounds real and imapritive...I hope all went well.. It's like..Talibans spread faster then Delta Variant..
Tony lier and Bush went in to win hearts and minds And to banish destroyers twin towers, Then they got the usama from Pakistan Westerners always misfires on wrong target Shame on them to betray Afghanistan,
He looks educated and their planning will be better for the future development of afganistan
Taliban: We are the servants of the people Also Taliban: Lets uproot and destroy Afghanistan once again. It's going to be fun
The negotiations success.US to Taliban, don't harm the civilians🤔
May Allah strengthen their power.
Islamic code speak is tell the media what they want to hear. Then when no ones about let the atrocity begin
The fact my stepdad fought in Afghanistan nearly dying and risking his own life, and having to still suffer for it about 7 years later is disgusting, just shows u that the us, uk, NATO, and others should have always kept troops there and maybe this could have been prevented, both boris Johnson, Joe biden are both blaming eachother and the us was really only there to test tactics and gun running etc, how many people need to die here for sumhin to be done, full time.
No revenge that's good...also tomorrow is today ..call too pray...no revenge very good.makes me happy with tears
War causes climate change
usa has "The beast Cadillac"    Afghanistan has Toyota Hilux   lmao
It's a trap. Don't believe the propaganda bullshit of these barbarian murderers. People fleeing the advance of the Taliban already reported mass executions carried out by the Taliban on their advance.
let them rule their land.
National animal of the new goverment: Toyota Hilux
Now countries like Pakistan, Saudi and UAE will become their new allies and China will also join the party soon 😂😂 geopolitics at its finest.
the toyotas outlived the war lol
the toyota hilux since the start of war are still in service
Do not bring these people here, let them refuge in Islamic countries. Islam hates us.
2:46 that headline lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. So 2021
How dumb is this BBC announcer? Why bring women rights into a conversation focused about war/conflict in Afghanistan? Terrible news-making and unprofessional when one tries to push personal agenda that is irrelevant to the topic at hand. BBC will likely lose any further interview/communication opportunities by putting up such biased stance against the Taliban spokesperson at their first engagement. You are a news provider, not a foreign diplomat office. Know your place.
Word " Taliban " means student
The takeover
Today real FUCK US AND NETO FUCK UR MOUTH BLOODY LIER MEDIA  54 COUNTRY  TOP INTILIGENCE TOP WEPON  10 THOUSEND BILLION  DOLLER CREAT (IS) TTP BLA AND MANY HUMEN  DOGS  afghan taliban beat all and fuck
Bullshit!  The Taliban will torture and hang people from lampposts in Kabul.  They will terrorize and mass execute people. Very sad day for Afghanistan....  I'm an American and this is not okay with me.
Well i hope there is peace and security for the people.. panic situation as was expected but hope everything settles down to normal soon
I am really curious to see what the new 'peaceful' state will look like. After killing so many innocents, what  will peace look like? I hope they don't kill any more people.
The fear of liberals is not conservatives, its radicals that will undo the insanity theyve done
People of Afghanistan looks happy
What a shame for America!  America has lost its pride & respect.  America killed millions of innocent civilians in Afghanistan but now running away by twisting its tail.  Saigon repeated...
Taliban got support by china..
I’m telling you this is not right You guys think Afghanistan little girl’s
talbaan 💯🏁
Voice is same like aladin  Film The Dictator
This modern talibans had all social media training
Never trust a lying terrorist. They are killing those people now.
Yea right!!!!    setting there people back 40 yrs
Whole world ignor Afghanistan
hahahah,, there are many types of hijab.  Im like I gotta hit up amazon for this shi.
Right borkha is not means total hizab. I think weaster media all-time says humanity but they have broken humanity  all area in this world. Like Iraq, Libya,  Syria, Afghanistan, Vietnam,  and others country. The British, Franc, Italy, etc have broken humanity in this world for ling time.but they are acting they are save humanity in the world. How fanny this acting.
Some weeks ago I watched a video from the South China Morning Post about a girl doing breakdance in Afghanistan. She hat a hat and clothes just like from a New Yorker dancer. I hope she's still alive after this takeover
Lies, lies, lies, lies
Lol. We are the servants of the people in this country and no revenge, whatsoever. That's exactly what the communist party declared when took control over the South of Vietnam. And the facts:  They took their properties,  put thousands of people who worked for the South government to the Prisons. Where they nicely named, re-education camps, thousands were died. They put people under the new dictatorship and controlled them like animals.  That's why millions escaped the country from 1975 to 1990, abt 500k died on the sea. Today, those communist leaders are the bosses and the people are their servants.  Don't ever listen to whatever the communists and terrorists say, watch for what they do. REMEMBER THAT.
There army is coward's they all cut and run it's about time they fight there own battles we've done BEYOND more than enuff
I feel so sorry for the young generation who have to suffer because of this.
Isis will.be a religion.   The funny part is people literally think they are savages from media lmao #fail
He's got that non answer BS stuff down pat. Must have been watching Jen Psaki daily to be such a smooth liar
He speaks like a robot
Equality ? 30 American men died in that war for every 1 woman. Where is the equality ? "Oh well war is bad so like, men have to die for uh, other countries' women", wait, what ? What did BBC expect, LGBTQ parades in Kabul next year ? They have completely ignored why we're all there in the first place, and throwing in "sexism" because that's what Americans are trained to obsess about. Meanwhile, divorce skyrocketing in USA, childbirth collapsing, suicide in young girls and woman alike rising ... i guess that's democracy and freedom.
Britain lovers of chaos and destruction. Who know, the sorrow and agony they'll take advantage of.
الله الكبر
“Taliban spokesperson” what a world we live in, truly a dark timeline
alhamdulillah
The Afghan President had a plan, but it was a Aeroplan.
There will be no punishment for those Taliban who start killing because the Muslims love their martyrs.  All BS comes from the Taliban mouthpieces. There is so much tribal fragmentation there will never be stability. I hope the Chinese get their heads handed to them thinking they will make belt and road agreements. The world should just let Afghanistan alone for about 10 years and see how it plays out.
The thumbnail made me think it was Drake.
Good
From false flag of 911 to the invasion of Afghanistan, hundred of thousands of innocent civilians were killed and tens of thousand more from drones attacks. Will the war criminals be held accountable?
No fake voting system. Afghanistan doesn't need idiots running the country like the Western countries. Just put a credible person in charge and it's all good.
ALL WAS SIGNED AND ORGANIZED STARTING WITH TRUMP DEAL WITH THE TALIBAN EVERY ONE BENEFITS OF IT USA SAVE MONEY AND TROUPS KNOWING THE TALIBAN ARE ALSO ANTI IS!!!!!! WICH IS A BIG PLUS !!! CHINA AND RUSSIA STAY THERE AND START A NEW ECONOMIC STEATEGY LONG TIME EYED BY CHINA.....🧐😏 MOST GOVERNMENTS KNEW THEY JUST HIDED THE PLAN TO THE PUBLIC
CIA created these guys.
ஆப்கானிஸ்தானின்.அவர்கள் தானே  அவர்களுக்கு எதிரிகள்
Not sure if I'd trust this man to what he's saying.
no one is safe in afghanistan...
Pak managed to defeat USSR now US through terrorists. It can also defeat Britain or any other country.
West left.  Afghanistan won in infrastructure.  Pakistan pols got the biggest share, cold cash with no strings attached like a civil war.
Muslim countries, together with China and Russia will eventually bring western democracy to its knee. So far, they had been in the defensive side, give it another 50 years.
peaceful my ass
I think they  are changing the name from Afghanistan to Talibanistan
If there had been a single women...along with them holding an AK...i would have said...there have women rights
No revenge but only re education
Distraction
Buti pa yang Taliban naagaw ang gobyerno ng Afghanistan in just 20 years samantalang yung CPP-NPA-NDF dito sa Pilipinas 52 years na wala pang resulta ang Digmang Bayan at Armadong Pakikibaka.
Rape isn’t peaceful transfer of power! Hypocrites
Don't believe a word this guy says. He's full of shit!
Enjoying🧕😷 freedom 🍞🌰peace🍯🍋 and 🥛🥕🍆🥒Blessings🍐🍇🍈
India is the big winner out of this mess. India government has already held talks with taliban,  good for them.
All I care about is getting our troops back home here in the USA. They should be protecting our borders not fighting wars created by primitive heathens. We have the tech, we don't need foreign oil anymore, we do not need to be slaves to the Oil Cartels. If we deprive them financially by not buying Middle East oil, terrorism will be crippled. Watch what'll happen when we switch to alternative means of propulsion.
"Konnichiwa! We don't care WTF are you, but our 4x4 fits to any circumstances.  Arigato gozaimasu!"  - TOYOTA
islam is true
There letting them take over so they can nuke Afghanistan
I don't believe him at all. Women are screwed in that country as well😢
I can not believe they even allow the guy's voice or face on screen. Truly an embarrassment.
So this is what our troops fought and died for lol.  What was the point if we couldn’t stop them.
"no revenge", what a joke.
"Grave yard of Empires"
Extreme joyful moment for every muslim
So they say.Do not believe one word.
While they murder….
I'm so glad we pulled out of that mess. You can clearly see the locals LOVE the Taliban and what the fuck were we supposed to be doing then exactly? I'm voting Biden next term he did the right thing. Now lets divest funds from Israel and bring back manufacturing from China.. Its going to require some banking restructuring.. We can do it though, we wrote the first book on how to run banks that are FOR the working American and not for a private entity.
What an insult of BBC reporter, you nailed her.
All if his answers are straight forward. I wished all politicians were like him when speaking to media.
This is a US plan after all. They will allow the Tailban to plot an attack against a western power and then the US will have the military move in again. Remember it's all about money. The US Military uses bombs made from Tax payer money. The US had 20 years to teach the Afghan army to be strong but no Afghan military resistance at all. That is all a plan that went perfectly according to the US Government. It will cost a lot of US Taxpayer money and the US military is getting billions. Well done US GOV
It is the best day of my whole life that I saw real Muslim Ruler in the World
When a Taliban spokesperson sounds better than the US President
Hi all. Joe Biden is the worst president ever!!
There's no peace in this world 🌎 ..😭😭
They deadass have already massacred their own people for not supporting them. Any opposition to them and your dead.
Lie..... if they are speaking truth, then allow international journalists in Afghanistan. ..
Get civilians out and Nuke the Taliban. End of story
Religious rulers never tell any single truth , remember my words
The United States so many years  war in Afghanistan for the ended in failure!
Taliban taking over a country now ????    TF??
should drop them a nice AGM present in a few days
The Taliban are liars, the people of Afghanistan cannot trust them.  They have already killed a woman because she dared to go out without a male relative and clothing that was deemed too tight-they will continue to persecute women.
I haven't received my stimulus check yet but we can go to war are u serious.
ALL CORRUPT AFGHAN POLITICIANS SHOULD BE ARRESTED AND EXECUTED IMMEDIATELY TOGETHER WITH THEIR FAMILIES WHEN THE TALIBAN IS IN POWER AND THEIR FAMILIES TOO. ALL EXIT POINTS TO BE SEAL TO PREVENT THEIR ESCAPE.. THEIR ILL GOTTEN GAINS TO BE CONFISCATED AND HOUSES BLOWN UP
America did win! If they can come in, and not rule like they did before, and can rule for the people and not over the people! Than it was worth it!
The Lord of Karma would say to the Afghan army and citizens "Know when you are beat and concede. Give due respect to your new rulers and obey their laws and dictates and don't complain. You come to this planet and were born where I put you to assuage expiate and compensate for past karmic infractions against myself. It's a small price to pay to endure just a few discomforts. The alternative is ghastly ; so do what you must to live in peace. Look upon your obedience and acceptance of your lot as one that will save countless lives of foreign soldiers who would grudgingly sacrifice their lives".
https://youtu.be/FGFLC88TIao
Finally talibans solved question number 1
IF YOU BELIEVE THIS,, I HAVE SOME BEACH FRONT IN ARIZONA THAT I WOULD LOVE TO SELL YOU... THE PRESIDENT OF AFGHANISTAN HAS FLED,,, WTF DO YOU THINK???
Not trustworthy,but again what can we do..I pray for all the Afghan females 🙏
Imagine Taliban with American weapons and technology
World President Yellabiona Kumar OFFICE Address.U. S.A
President Ashraf Ghani: "Won't worry guys, I have a plan."
How in the fuck does a terrorist organization have a spokesperson?
If you feel hopeless please pray for these people. God is the God of the impossible.
No revenge at all the deaths are all  due to COVID
Once mullah omer was said USA never won any war. And we are undefeatble lets start fight..........
You know what this means for Britain and the US no more free opium now if they wanted that going to happen to boom shake with terrorists
This talibans has balls to fight while those afghan soldiers flleing for their lives and president leave the country unpatriotic move
kha hai oic countries ke leaders sab ke sab ab chup kyo bethe hai ab Taliban afganistan ko will push back 20 years
I wonder what sort of a stance china and Pakistan would take eventually
How do they have so much power
Is pankaj tripati in the Thumbnail
Why they sounded so much like China haha peaceful rise!
Guy sounds reasonable… I’m sure everything will be fine so let’s relax.
The taliban is already thinning the stronger Afghan people out ,an setting fear into the weak ones to enslave them ,sure they will let the weak have their schooling & education ,they have a motive for that ,so it can fuel their future ,I say cut their economy & their life line off ,dont trade to heathens ,cut off all U.S trade to that country . weapons ,food an medical!..👍
Those taliban People are lieing. Don't take their words through. They have delegate and deadly plans than what we know. What of the Christians that are there. What will happen to them?.
"When you say peaceful transfer of power, what do you mean?", asks the multimillionaire journalist to Taliban foreign minister Suhail Shaheen. Where was this question when Biden said the same thing in 2020 after rigging the primary and the general election? The mainstream neoliberal world order at work here asking dumb questions.
Real heros of afghanistan
I see zero women in these crowds
Wolf and a pity lamb in the same cage.Wolf says, I am not going to kill lamb, they just so lovely.
Fox tells Chickens not to fear we won't gonna eat you tonight sleep tight. Fox end up eating chicken that night while they slept tight.
How is covid doing in the taliban? It never wiped them out?? Like, I don’t see one mask, any social distancing, OR any tests being administered?!?
Good questions👍👍👍
The result of USA Invade a country.  USA and his allies go hell
"I have contacted you regarding your cars limited warranty,"- Curry murry
Fighting for a REASON in noble, but this had no reason , no purpose..
😂😂😂😂😂 the way he is describing is like there has nothing happened And he told that there will be participation of all afganistan If that's so   There is no point of even their own regime , what they did so far  Afganistan was already a muslim state 😀  What did they fought for then 😂😂
We all know that’s not true.
A mostly peaceful transfer of power.
Long live free Afghanistan long live the  Taliban freedom fighters they took the whole country with out a fight with a single bullet fired. This is what you call real peaceful soldiers take there land back with out a fight!
Taliban spokesman: "First, let me start by saying "Death to America", but also uhhh how you say uhhh "Hot Girl Summer?"'
Actonmasacusetimtafganistancilarceteliderisakalibikvanormanlarislamikantirisikabultacevapyazmanistiyorumaypetimealimcansahinkayabingozehiryilanlarinla
Stop violence
The last thing the conquering Army want is to fight it own citizen they about to rule over. There are more citizen then the Taliban army if the citizen want to fight back the Taliban will have a hard time taking power.
Pakistan Taliban belike: ab mja aega na bhidu😎😎😎😂😂👍👍
Perhaps the taleban should be in charge in the USA, they'll definitely do a better job at running the country than the democrats.
This is such a total intel failure on CIA and the US military. You have to wonder if they have been hibernation all those time. The CIA director should resign tonight. The Chinese government requested all Chinese nationals to leave Afghanistan three weeks ago, which proved to be such a good move based on the correct assessment of the situation. With the accuracy of US intelligence collection at the bottom of the Pacific ocean, now we can tell that they really know nothing about Xinjiang China.
oh...how the turn tables. he went from servant of God to servant of people. lol
It's just some people doing some things.
The Taliban was always going to take over Afghanistan, the Afghan soldiers were there just to be trained by the United States, and now that they're trained they don't need the US anymore. Why do you think it was so easy for the Taliban to take over, it wasn't because they gave up it was because they we're always against the US, and with the Biden administration it was easy for them to take over.
I wonder why Covid is not concern there
Who do the Taliban think they are? Why should anyone have to follow some oppressive religious ideology if they don't want to? We have some Christian zealots here but they are nowhere near as bad as these people.
Shit whole country
What happened to women,  and kids rights. How about Afghanistan  Constitution.  Taliban going door to door in side peoples houses taking away children , girl, and women with them
there will be no revenge on "Afghans", but... he didnt tell you what is an Afghan for him...
Taliban so great.
You are and you were the servant of  terrorist Pakistan !!😥😥
They're form of peaceful is execution of non-believers.
They're in the Palace for Christ's sake. I'm quite sure that's inside the city of Kabul. Fool me once.....js
Great day for Islamic states. USA You will be next
Alhamdulillah ♥️
There will never be peace in Afghanistan.Talibans are cannibales 😭😭😭😭Wild from jungal , just their looks are scary than horror stories
Female reporter asking questions lol will never get truth from a man u could hear it in his voice especially when she cut him off... idiots
This sh*t is f***ed up.... they said 'Islamic' what the f**k does these terrorists have to do with Islam... they are trying to make a terrorist state...
only a fool will trust his words.wait until camera stop rolling in that place.
Good decision..its a good plight for the afghan people especially all the innocent..
Shame on president Ashraf Qhani  , He sold our homeland :(
spiderman tell lie. taliban will kill many people there.
Fuck the Taliban!!!!
HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! HAIL HAIL TALIBAN! 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫
You have a watches, we have the time Said ten years ago taliban but one superpower and Luxury Armies of more than thirty countries  defeat the war 20 years but  Taliban win If you guys want to do it again, come on We are ready and You guys look at the history of Muslims🤫🤫🤫
The takeover of Kabul reminds us of the takeover of Makkah by our Prophet Muhammad pbuh. No resistance and not a person killed nor a drop of blood shed.  The Taliban should provide good governance by retaining the existing infrastructure of administration by retaining the efficient among staff and dismissing the corrupt. I don't think they will take revenge but will punish the guilty and will provide a governance based on Shariath which will spell progress to their country.
Woke people should definitely move there to enforce social issues
That is laughable, history has shown clear that you cannot trust the Taliban.  Sadly the women are the one who will suffer the most as Afghanistan fall back into the dark ages.
Taliban will be ousted within 8 months. But unfortunately lives will be lost doing it - mostly Taliban... take a look at world history - not even Russia will allow this to remain.
I wish Bin laden got to explain himself like this....
People need to realise this isn't the same taliban 20 years ago. Most of them are a new generation and want peace within their country
Did the taliban create Toyota ?
Those who lost the most: Afghan women...
Holy shit….women can to school……thank you Biden!
Leave Afganistan issue to Afgan to solve and  if BBC is worried they should relocate to BBC in UK
BBC should be relocated to Afghanistan
Bravo usa, you got the jackpot ; thousands of coward traitors, thank you for cleansing Afghanistan from that dirt and taking it with you  😂😂😂
Yea no revenge my ass - If the Afghan people don't submit to the Taliban law they will be executed on site, that includes women and children.
Is it peaceful to go from door to door and enslave women?
Congratulation to Taliban government, I'm so proud your struggle more than 20 years.
Hello American tax  payers 😂
They know are not after worldly gains. They know quiet well they still have a long way to deliver justice to the people. They know there will be a day of accountability
They win against the 56 countries combined military forces and win against trillion dollars defense industries of US and Soviet Union as they know Power is not a thing to celebrate
May  الله سُبْحَانَهُ وَتَعَالَى‎ protect them from evil eyes and keep them on siratal mustaqim and help safeguard the human dignity and weaker section of the society
all this is a facade....who are the deep state actors behind all this.? CIA..iran? pakistan supports the taliban, for their silly reasons but they are too small in this huge game...
And say the truth has come and falsehood has perished وَقُلْ جَاءَ الْحَقُّ وَزَهَقَ الْبَاطِلُ ۚ إِنَّ الْبَاطِلَ كَانَ زَهُوقًا  https://youtu.be/BQhRsR7UdWw
Perhaps lessons have been learnt on both sides - we will see
The man holding a machine gun is talking about peace ..
WHO IS WORST THE TALIBAN OR THE C I A GROWING DRUG IN AFGHANISTAN YOUR CHOICE
So the US came to destroy the Taliban but all it looks like is they made them even stronger 🤣🤣🤣...what a waste of tax payer trillions
Lol..Where was all this courage when the US army was there?!
Looks like corona virus never enter there:))
The BBC spokesperson needed to see a dictionary instead of speaking to the Taliban spokesperson.. what do you mean by peaceful? what do you mean by participation? Seriously what nonsense. Well done Taliban. The US, UK, Other western countries, etc. think they know better, I think they should stay in their countries and let other people live as they want. 20 plus years of bloodshed and double games just to steal resources and remain in power in the region.. no more, the world can see everything very well now.
Stand up fight for your country…. You don’t fight they will kill you; you fight they will kill you…. If you going to die at least die fighting!!
Remember--liberals want you to believe that all cultures are equal.
Even the anchor looks scared .lol
As a Westerner who supports the sovereignty of other peoples, I'd like to congratulate the Afghan people for regaining control of your country. It might not be totally peaceful, but it's once again becoming yours to fight over by yourselves without foreign interference.
Kawawa naman Afghanistan bumagsak sa rebelde
Really US handover afganistan to Thaliban
Taliban will fall soon 😆 they are medieval animals using bow and arrow. USA allowed them to take over by giving their weapons
Where is that G. W Bush ? You saw your defeat !;
Why do western media organizations continue to legitimize the taliban terrorists by portraying them as anything more than savage genocidal scum? The BBC is basically covering up the war crimes already committed by the taliban all over the country and BBC over here like, "hey, y'all wanna have some tea? we are going to force our Afghan reporter to speak really nicely to the people trying to ethnically cleanse her family members."
Yeah sure...
The victory of the Muslim nation began with the victory of Afghanistan.  Inshallah, Muslims will rule the whole world again.
All that money spent training security forces and military, all tha money spent holding safe elections all tha time spent training police all the lives lost just to go straight back to the beginning.. What a waste of time money effort and life.
Watching Afghanistan fall is epic.
"You Have Watches , We have time " (Taliban To America )
Now we have a new pakistan by pakistan I mean new breeding ground for terrorists😓😓
I heard the Taliban are crossing our southern border.
Go to Hell Satan
The US should have nuked Saudi Arabia after 911. That’s where the terrorists came from.
The pandemic is the only reason they’re not still fighting the war. When the pandemic’s over, they’re going to start fighting another one, I guarantee it. These guys could take over most of Asia and they’d still be in trouble. Britain and America are never going to forget what these men did, to them they are no better than the Nazis. Their fate will ultimately be similar to the Nazis.
Is there no covid here?
In the Animal Kingdom, the python has swallowed Lion
Now American trained forces will work for Taliban roaming in humvess
Taliban: "We are the servant of the people." Biden: "We are looking for legal loopholes to force people to take the vacination."
Lies.
The question is who funded the taliban forces?
Ngl taliban don’t seem that bad they just need to learn not to shoot everything they see
20 Years and 4.4 Trillion American Dollars.. And LAST YEAR TRUMP AND POMPEO MADE PEACE with the TALIBAN/ HELL OF ISLAM. Don't blame President Biden as his hands were TIED FROM THE GET GO!
Jan. 6th all over again!
ALLAH FUBAR!
The shocking news for me is the president fly away LMAO how can you fly away mf president you left your own citizen who believe in you. If you truly president then face it. If i had this kind of president i will smack that person. Such a shame president
Taliban talks, BBC speaks... I see no difference in bullshiiits... Such is the modern world - agenda driven, FAKE NARRATIVES we live in... 🤔
This Taliban has been talking to someone or somebody to say these things seems like there another country meddling in Afghanistan
Didn’t know terrorists could afford to pay for public relations.
And we believe in The Tooth Fairy!
Its funny hearing taliban not knowing they're being verbally trapped because they don't know how scum media is, but not really caring either.
This will end up really bad.
all you people do is lie.
He'll get revenge on the soldiers and spies who worked for America. But that's how it should be!
This is the best bullshit I've heard 😂🤣😂
No.covid.in.that.country.look.no.mask.
The political leaders of the Taliban are no different than our own. They have no control over events on the ground. The sponsors of the Taliban do not want democracy or even a middle class. I anticipate a blood bath rivalling that of the Kmer Rouge in Cambodia.
There's going to be so much revenge.
The Same type of humans that control China..
I don't feel sorry for these Afghans who are now getting slaughtered at this very minute by the Taliban for helping the occupiers. They're traitors to their people for helping the enemy. How naive they were to believe the American military would do the right thing or even be halfway competent in the drawdown. Just ask the Kurds in northern Syria how loyal the Americans are.  I guess they had to learn their lesson the hard way….the Americans were just using you and once they were finished with you and got tired of funneling 57% of the U.S. discretionary budget into the retirement accounts of defense corporation execs and shareholders, they crumpled you up like an empty McDonalds bag and threw you out the window.  Be smarter next time and know who your friends are.  LOL!  And besides, mahzulemz (yahoo filters!) are banned from the U.S… courtesy of the president whom 99% of those U.S. military friends of yours voted for!...haha!...just like Doug and his kooky emu…liberty liberty, li-berty li-berty…quack quack!..not for you!
Nato + super power America defeated by 70,000 freedom fighters God say in Quran....  How many a small party has  overcome a large party by permission of Allah.And Allah is with the patient  (Quran 2:249)
This just in...Biden administration tells Taliban they're not allowed to enter US embassy unless they're fully vaccinated 🤣
"PEACEFUL TRANSFER OF POWER"
This Taliban spokesman seems quite liberal tbh
$144 Billion US dollars in 20 years...WTF?
This is a complete lie, they will kill everyone
NEVER saw a democratic elected leader on this universe fights to death for his electing people, or people rise up fighting for him. Funny!!!!! Who are people electing???? Does democracy only elects cowards, liars, snake oil salesman, ....The TRUE REAL color of those democratic elected leaders of this world.
This just in: JOKE BIDEN appoints Andrew Cuomo new U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan.
They've killed 3 of terps this week
George w Bush made USA lose trillions of Dollars!!
They have already been hunting and killing the soldiers/police/govt officials and forcing strict Sharia Law on the women by brutal physical/malicious force.  Islam says it is fine to lie, lie, lie to meet the religious objectives for Allah.
I don't believe him
So much for the end of the "hipster beard" trend coming to an end.
it wasnt America best interest from the beginning to get involved... so they saying "dont start something you cant or dont want to finish"...
Problem is that the Taliban isn't a single entity. Every tribal or regional warlord will make their own policies. Pretty soon they'll start killing each other, it's the Afghan way.
*Press X to doubt*
What a fucken irony.
End of one other Crusade of the West ....
This is the true Islam, purely evil
The Taliban has every right to establish their own gov. No question about it.
Release Nizamuddin Qaisari
The interviewer sounds so naive.
Biden made the right decision to leave.  It's time for America to stop trying to decide the politics of other countries.
Setting the stage for the NEXT round of the military/money-complex and international fear mongering.
bbc news really believes this, huh?
usa 2001: we will destroy taliban 2021: peace and cannabis please 😅
Fish fish fish Talibans taking over like is unrealistic,still let's see i hope Talibans let people live in moderate way respectfully to Islam of course
Toyota Hilux no exceptions
Science says there is nothing that can accelerate faster then the speed of light.   Taliban, hold my slippers and measure my speed in taking over Afghanistan.  Light speed broken 2021
WWII America declares war on Nazi Germany the word Nazi Party became synonymous with High War Criminals, the political party completely dismantled. 2001 George W. Bush declares war on the Taliban and their SS (Al-Qaeda), 20 years later Psaki, "the Taliban have a place on the world stage." Truly a lost Administration.
That is such a noble declaration from a people that can't see the nobility through the violence..
i am not a super fan of muslim culture but when he says that "we are the servant of the people" it melted my heart..Western and US system proves to be corrupt and double standard.
They speak as if the "women" were walking around in mini skirts  until the bearded bogey man turned up with gun in the right hand  and a mobile in the left. Taliban,of course,don't have mums,sisters,or aunts. Plonked on earth by a terrestrial being, they are other worldly.
Not credible. They've not kept any of their promises. They say they won't so something and then do it in less than 24 hours.
The reporters like when you say you're about to take a shit what exactly do you mean? Dumbass lady.
Talibans let’s hope will not do stupid shit. Let’s hope Taliban will honor what they said
Now.... the BBC should send reporters to see all of the beheading and murder happening.
I heard the Taliban has small dicks.
Well trained public relation from China columnist party ! Bravo !
I'll believe it when I see it.
b.s.
Taliban is basically a Toyota advertisement.
The two trillion of American taxpayers money could’ve been spent on helping homeless , college education , infrastructure, helping American families . Instead the Taliban is cruzing around with American equipment supplied to the fallen Afghan regime without even making an effort to fight . What happens next the Afghan people deserve . Freedom isn’t free
Putin already told them not to cross the red line. China too. They know what happened to ISIS in Syria. It's not 80s no more.
2001: we do not negotiate with the terrorists. 2021:  Talibans do not negotiate with us.
Not what we are hearing from the actual people.
He sounds ridiculously reasonable and to the point considering. I dont know if and why the taliban would want to play politics with the western media like this. Seems strange for him to pretend or lie, but also seems strange for what he's saying to be true. Theres more than meets the eye to all of this but what the hell do I or any of us regular people know
why America is always busy in other countries, the target is Osama bin Laden but why America has 20 years in Afghanistan??
Peaceful and Taliban don't belong in the same sentence.
And BBC believes 😀
They are not afghans but pakistanis, the afghan pepole never accepte these terrorists  groupe  but as our gouverments was the pashtoon since 20 year , they helped these terroristes pashtoon, the talibons were only 10000 there is 20 years ago ,but our corruption gouverments since 20 year helped them with the CIA ,MI6,and ISI agents.so since 20 year the americain gave the power and money and armes for Talibons, they want to put a intégriste gouverment for thier geografic and politic stratigie in Afghanistan. All afghan pepole know this now.when the corruption gouverments are killing more than 200 thousand afghans since 20 year ,all tajiks and ouzbeks .no body says any think about these corrupte and pashtoon gouverment.it was the Pakistan plans with USA and UK. where were these international humains oraganisation ,ONU and union Europe. no one help the afghan pepole, no one heard the afghans vioce. These organisations looked ofter their interrist only.
no covid there?
Let the beheadings commence
The Taliban has gotten more sophisticated
Everyone trying to take over Afghanistan, even Arabs , keep your emirates business to yourself thanks
Get out and don't look 🔙.when the Russian pack up and left, they just left😡😠😡😠
Never try to War against AFGAN #Mujahedeen   1. Mongol Empire Ginghish Khan only lost war in his life (The Battle of Parwan, 1219 - 1221) 2. Indian Maratha Empire lost war (The Battle of Panipath, January 14, 1761) 3. British Empire lost war (1st Anglo-Afghan war, July 1839 – October 1842, 3rd Anglo-Afghan war 6 May–8 August, 1919) 4. Soviet Union lost war (Soviet - Afghan war, December 24, 1979 – February 15, 1989) 5. Finally #USA lost war. (War in Afghanistan, 7 October 2001 - 14 April 2021)
🙋🏾‍♂️Umm Exscuse me but Im not Going back so Get yall Sh** Str8
আল্লাহু আকবার
He is lucky I’m not president. My reply would be “you sound like a real straight shooter, and have a solid plan. Imma go ahead and withdraw, good luck to you sir”
"Thank you very much for your time spokesman!"
US, and all the western countries who supported and funded taliban at the beginning should be blamed for, now what about the people of Afghanistan?. Clearly the us funded taliban to end the soviet union control in Afghanistan back in 90’s
Gooe Job  Talaven  Go ahead  May  allha are with you insha allah
Iran will be VERY HAPPY TODAY.
Sad day  for Afghanistan 🇦🇫  And the international community 🙏
Hopefully nobody is stupid enough to believe them.
Russia Embassy not evacuate​ from Kabul.
😂Silly me, and here all of this time I thought that The Taliban were all driving trucks here in North America!😂
The spokesperson is a paid actor
the talibans were not terrorists.They fought to control their own country.
TALIBAN is The Army of God. JIHAD IS THEIR MOTOR SOUL BOOSTER. Have no fears to anyone but Allah SWT. No live in luxurious way. Just Allah SWT blessing. Not like puppet government in Afganistan nowadays. Have beautiful palace. On the other hand, their peoples in poor living.
The Army of Afganistan has failed. They would have mobile the people to rise up. They could have militia to fight alongside them. The Afghan people did not want freedom, otherwise, they would have risen up and fight the Taliban
Thanks Biden
That is NOT what the average people are saying .
Maybe this regime will be pre 1970's Afghanistan
idk, other reports have taliban killing men and raping women.
Taleban win.
This Religious Nut Taliban spokeman is a liar. They have already slaughtered many Afghanis. They will accept nothing but Sharia Law. That is not Freedom, it is ideologue anti woman tyranny. Women will not be able to study or have thier own choices in life. In the future, this Sharia Law crap must not stand one way or another. By the way, Christian "Sharia Law" zealots must not take over America either. That is happening more and more.
You know what, lets see what happens. When has America ever been right, y'know?
Taliban has now free access to News outlets
You know why shot goes wrong with these countries……because dumb ass reporters like this get to speak to there delegates
They have already starting killing innocent Afghan people, the media are ignoring it and Biden is to blame. Disgusting. Please pray for them.
U.s. occupant forces(cia mostly) got tired of the afghan population and unleashed the taliban on them again. Most of the takeover by taliban is actually u.s. actions
To take those savages at their word is hilarious.
Cngratulation to Taliban. You defeted USA and NATO.
If any afghans want to live free they should leave asap. That’s the only advice I can give
Sure, it will be not revenge against ordinary normal people. But collaborators with occupational forces will pay the price.
BBC NEWS AND OTHER NEWS WORLD I WAITING 20 YEWR BUT NOW WE ARE WIN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH PAK ARMY ISI IMRANKHAN KASHMIR TALBAN ZINDBAD 🇵🇰✌️💓💪  NEXT NMBR 2 i i   you are understand my word movie will be now starting
if you believe this you believe anything
Lets be real with a government this corrupt anyome else woukd have strolled in. The West needs to learn alot.of.lessons from.this. and I think the lessons related to corruption and execution are probably.universal. I think this should be an opportunity for heavy reforms.
The Taliban should send a thank you letter to the Biden/Harris  administration. TRUMP would've made sure Afghanistan was secure before all the US troops left. We need him back more than ever now.
OK America can we just let Afghanistan govern their own country the way they want, this man, Suhail Shaheen  Just said that the women need only wear their  headscarf  and that they may work and go to universities. He did not sound like he was lying. Perhaps the world will be OK if America stays away  for good? Anyway I’m an American and I’ve always been irritated by the way America always thinks they know what’s best for everyone why don’t we just mind our own business
We'll see won't we.
Recognize them as a state and move on. It's not our problem anymore
We will know what happens once the dust settles, I was in Kabul in 2020 and it was bad the government was corrupt to the core,  theft kidnapping killing the government was doing a bad job. Say what about taliban they will get rid of corruption and all them thieves hopefully they have learned from the past and don’t impose harsh restrictions on civilian population all we can do is give them a chance and time will tell
Inshallah, a day will come in Bangladesh when the dictatorial tyrants will leave the country. Who has imprisoned the oppressed scholars and ulama? One day he will leave the country like this. Inshallah, let the Taliban be born in every house congratulations taleban Salute to Mullah Omar who founded this Taliban ..   Bangladesh prime Minister is Mafia group leaders .Islamic scholars are being imprisoned
Scary part is Taliban spokesperson sounds clueless on their next plan of action.
lol when Americans left and the government of a Country was overthrown in like 2 days. you know that country ain't sh*t
May Allah protect the innocents and may Allah spread the islam
❤️
If the people of Afghanistan want to suffer under the hands of a dictatorship, them let them at it. However, if the Taliban attempts to expand beyond Afghanistan, then we need to smash any attempt by them to do so. Containment is all that we can practice now
Toyota: National Car of Afghanistan
The BBC needs to use some of that hard earned tax payers money they keep stealing every year to find a higher calibre of person to interview the Taliban spokesman... 'girls were texting me from Herat'... why on earth would anyone be texting you?
Henry Kissinger once quipped that "it may be dangerous to be America's enemy, but to be America's friend is fatal"
America brought enough stability to Afghanistan, to be able to create cheap leather products for Amazon.
If you cannot keep all the ten commandments given by ALMIGHTY GOD then you are already a loser! i don't know any who can keep ALL the ten commandments all day and night 24:7 !
Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples: “The teachers of the law and the Pharisees sit in Moses’ seat. So you must be careful to do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach. They tie up heavy, cumbersome loads and put them on other people’s shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them. Everything they do is done for people to see: They make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long; they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues; they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called ‘Rabbi’ by others. “But you are not to be called ‘Rabbi,’ for you have one Teacher, and you are all brothers. And do not call anyone on earth ‘father,’ for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. Nor are you to be called instructors, for you have one Instructor, the Messiah. The greatest among you will be your servant. For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted". Matt 23 NIV  YOU SHALL NOT MAKE FOR YOURSELF AN IMAGE in the form of anything, in Heaven above or in the Earth beneath, or in the waters below. You shall not bow down to them or worship them, for I the Lord your God am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents up to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments.  "If my people who are called by my name, humble themselves and pray, AND TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS, I will hear from Heaven, will forgive their sins, and will heal their land."  AND WHEN YOU PRAY, DO NOT BE LIKE THE HYPOCRITES, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. BUT WHEN YOU PRAY GO INTO YOUR ROOM, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. And when you pray, do not keep on babbling like pagans, for they think they will be heard because of their many words. Do not be like them, for your Father knows what you need before you ask him.  This, then, is how you should pray:  Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us today our daily bread. And forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one.  For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you do not forgive others their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.  "Matthew 5-7 NIV Bible Gateway", we can use google search. These are the teachings, The Righteousness of our Lord Jesus Christ our God. REPENT, and start doing what is right. If you abide my teachings, you are really my disciples; then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.  Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in Truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. GOD IS SPIRIT so his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in Truth.  In the New Heaven and New Earth, only Righteousness dwells. May the Spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ our God be with you all.
Russia obviously realised a lot quicker that it was no use trying to change the status quo over there. It just took the US/UK 20 years to figure the same thing out. From the date coalition forces left; how long did it take the Taliban to retake the country? Embarrassing by epic proportions
The so called terrorists showed far more civilized then NATO forces and their afghan allies. Twenty years ago when they entered Kabul they killed looted and burn people alive. They bombed women and children in schools playgrounds and in funeral. What a shameful defeat from few thousand illarmwd gorilla fighters. Blame it on Pakistan as usual
Everyone has to realize that the US government is much more evil than the Taliban ever could be
when a nation's own people decide who should be in power, would you insist on what they don't support?
Assallam alai Kum TALIBAN soldiers  please help the Afghan people who are displaced have no food and shelter  make the muslims of Afghanistan respect the law  of the land and be happy with the Taliban and these evil satanic demons who are plotting and planning for hundreds of years to create hatred towards muslims and Islam may Allah protect The people of Afghanistan Palestine  Pakistan Kashmir Yemen Syria  aameen
Yeah, I'm confused, the Taliban spokesman confused and the News reporter also confused, in the end we're all confused
So basically the last 20 years has been a waste of time? Great, I'm sure my best friend who had his legs blown off over there will feel it was worth it!!
They are goin into small villages, killing all the men and boys while marrying off the little girls to Taliban warriors. These cultists are animals, and they deserve to be killed like animals...
American train Taliban more better ability and experience for fight then the Afghan Military
They just take back the country, but the west are going in to get the opium, military budgets,  practicing by shooting civilians.  Blincunt said it was for 911. They went to the wrong place, its Saudi instead.
The amount of money usa and uk invested in Afghanistan is so huge that if same money had been diverted to NASA or ESA ,,they would have discovered a habitable planet,,,such a waste of money on a barren peice of land
Why American and NATO did this kind of mistake. Al quada was guilty for 1/11  attacks but America removed taliban from government. After 20 years, they come back stronger than past.  Actually America play games with general people lives. Now, Taliban will destroy Afghanistan.
People of the Middle East have been killing each other over tribal lines for over four thousand years. You think any about of troops and a couple of decades is going to change it?
Allahu Akbar ☺️ Alhamdulillah 🥰 Congratulations Taliban 💐💐
the taliban is just the GOP of pakistan.
Who support talibans with money😃😃😃😃nobody will have the courage to ask the talibans,WHO CAN ROLL OUT COVID RESTRICTIONS ON TALIBANS??? 😃😃😃I THINK GOVERNMENTS MAKE PEOPLE BELIEVE WHAT THEY WANT AND NOT THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT WHY AND WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON THERE, 99% CHANCE THE SAME PEOPLE WHO SUPPORT TALIBANS WITH MONEY THEY ARE THE SAME ONES WHO TAKE PART AND PLAY COVID SCAMDEMIC
"I can go to school?" "Yes" "I can continue higher education?" "Yes" "I can think independently?" "Yes" "I can work?" "Yes" "I can wear anything I want?"  "Yes"  Taliban: The Art of Lying
Won't be surprised if the hole interview was staged
They have had the opportunity to experience the western values like corruption and lies. So, no wonder they want to live in Sheria. The whole western civilisation is materialistic. I like the part of it, but another one not.
Dude's using a little whip for crowd control and we use batons and tear gas
And a big shoutout to Toyota and cant forget the air sandals lol
Sad ending
"A peaceful transfer of power" The president already have them that when he decided to run should've been like the jarl of whiterun
It's all Paul Pogbas fault!
Apparently men and boys are being shot, and she going on about women going to school all the time,
We need  a tax refund for funding this useless war
Great, US leave knowing full well what would happen, taliban back in power. Now it' s time to spend another trillion in the arms complex and go back into afghan.. Honestly this is all a game. They knew full well the result.
HE IS RIGHT,,, SPOKESMAN IS RIGHT…IT IS THEIR COUNTRY,,,OTHER COUNTRIES SHOULD NOT BE THERE IN THEIR COUNTRY.  UNLESS IF THEY ASK FOR HELP..AFGAN SOLDIERS DID NOT WANTED TO FIGHT AGAIST THEMSELVES, CHANGED SIDES RIGHT AWAY,,WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU…PRESIDENT BIDEN DID RIGHT … OUR SON AND MAN DO NOT NEED TO BE THERE,, BRAVO PRESIDENT BIDEN,,,👏👏👏👍👏👏👏
Such honesty and goodness. The new Taliban Caliphate can't be implemented soon enough.
Tbh this guy sounds like he could do a better job than Boris
These people are basically nazis of the middle east. Why would you trust them
Honestly if I decide to take over a country, I'll pay good money for Taliban advisors and strategists.
They're smarter than Republicans in the U.S, that's for sure.
I can't believe how this happened😲 what if taliban was a country what would happen 💪🌍 am from usa
Sounds like they are going for the Saudi model of government. Why is the BBC finding it difficult to understand?
Who is selling guns and explosives to Talibans.? I believe Pakistan and China behind this Taliban success.
Maybe next year we will go for tourism in Afghanistan and come back in Afghan clothes as gifts for the family😎
Toyota makes the most reliable and affordable combat vehicles and non other car makers can made a such deal.....
Radical Islamists lie more than the Trumptard. The Quran tells them to lie and slaughter the infidels. Or so I've been told.
The taliban is a terrorist organisation  In 1939 Hitlers promises meant nothing In 2021 the Taliban’s promises mean nothing The only difference is we  believe them this time.
This is really sad and depressing.   For 20 years, the US spent life and treasure in building up over 300 thousand-member Afghan military; yet, despite superior training and weaponry,  these moochers just turned tails and ran from a handful of barefooted and sandals-clad savages.
No one: Toyota owners worldwide: You know, I'm something of a Taliban myself.
If they do like he said, then it is the best solution for Afghanistan so far as possible.
They just need time to find who is the translator working with western and NATO countries
Meanwhile on the ground loads of folks are picked up, tortured and killed...............  His words are hollow. It's the Talibans' way, or nothing, no exceptions.
The armies from the 14th century have taken over! LOL!
They’re all dogs of America , and even our president was one of them he didn’t let our Army to defeat them he just hand over the country to them in just three and he showed to the world that we can’t defeat taliban . We had a really good and well trained army that cloud easily defeat these dogs but they president sold them 😢
Medieval times will return...
Never heard so mush bs she did good not ripping this fool publicly
The BBC has just shit on all the graves of fallin with this intereview 😡
yeah right, they'll just kidnap all the underage girls and wed them to their army POS they are
When they say islamic Emirates, BBC 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
What exactly are we doing as West ?? the only single time a country needs democracy and Americans wont restore it. Being inactive means accepting them and legalising every illegal occupation over the world NATO must just bust in just
This guy is full of it. They have been dragging men and boys out of homes and executing them.
SHARIA LAW !!! USA TAKE CARE OF YOUR REFUGES USA CAUSED THIS NOW DEAL WITH IT!!!
Beautiful, dogs with their tails behind their hind legs evacuating 'diplomats', discharging plenty of chaff for good measure after 20 years is a glorious sight to behold, way to go with your 'crusade', 😂😂😂😂
That sounds like a load of 🐮 💩
the super power AMERICAAAAAAAAA....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😅
You're all going to answer the judgment day one day boy we all are but you're going to be in a lot more hurt than we are killing innocent people you really feel good about yourself doing that s*** you have no soul at all
I think you're all f****** crazy nobody should be killing anybody no men women or children should ever die the way they're dying you should be all ashamed of yourself you greedy son of a little f****** b****** that you are leave the people alone get the f*** out of there if I was Superman I clean house I clean all you f****** bad boys up
A new modern tactic by the Taliban.Very clever.How long can they keep up the pretence
Lesson:  You can't "teach" a person that doesn't wear underwear.
✯✯✯✯ *The new name of Afghanistan is TALINISTAN*
Women had education in Afghanistan during 90s as well. They had 4 major universities for women and 20 somethings colleges for women.  Just anti-taliban and anti-pathan afghans who wants to live in west with western values have condition people to believe otherwise. They are their own enemies and enemies of their country, that's why they run to the west whenever taliban takes over. They are known as manafiqoons. Just like this western fascist liberal journalist who doesn't understand islam and afghanistan.  Yes there are elements which may be extreme but the security and lives of people were 10 times better in taliban than under american seize.
That’s the agenda to continue the lies With jo jo Biden with ear peace and Obama in basement tell him...😂the satanic pedo death cult are back in business..David Icke for past 30 years has been researching the truth reporting hidden information has come self evident! Same with Orwell. Rabbit 🐇 hole very deep! Icke has biggest Biggest live stream 1mill 336 thousand live stream as result of removing Icke March last year...and Alex Jones from Facebook and YouTube ? Why ??? You know!! Such tyranny. Solutions is to abolish the satanic pedo death cult that is secret society’s and royals governments ect..Phil sphyder D.U.M.B bases. Research. There targeting every part of our humanity! These people are anti human anti love anti freedom anti God!!! Be aware of the soft kill vaccin..
I fear for the civilian afghan population. Some of the war stories from veteran soldiers fighting in afghanistan are pure horror. There are some real psychopaths in the Taliban militia.
With jo jo Biden with ear peace and Obama in basement tell him...😂the satanic pedo death cult are back in business..David Icke for past 30 years has been researching the truth reporting hidden information has come self evident! Same with Orwell. Rabbit 🐇 hole very deep! Icke has biggest Biggest live stream 1mill 336 thousand live stream as result of removing Icke March last year...and Alex Jones from Facebook and YouTube ? Why ??? You know!! Such tyranny. Solutions is to abolish the satanic pedo death cult that is secret society’s and royals governments ect..Phil sphyder D.U.M.B bases. Research. There targeting every part of our humanity! These people are anti human anti love anti freedom anti God!!! Be aware of the soft kill vaccin..
they wont do anything yet but just give it a month and 80% of 12 yr old girls will be Imprisoned raped and impregnated through marriage because of the disgusting "Religious" beliefs that allow it. Its all a big show so they can get all the weapons under there control so they don't have to deal with any countries interfering because of mass killings of non believers. They are being smart because they know the rules of the UN and when they can and cant interfere.
They're a great fighters !!
“When the crusaders leave we’ll take our country back”  -the Talibán, (i think in) 2005 Today:
Well, there will be some changes like we can see: These guys are educated, they speak English. Education is the future of the country. These are new generation younger fighters, new ideas. 😍😘
Delta variant: i spread faster  Taliban: Hold my sleepers
Islam... ahh you are the only reason for all that shit
There will be 100's of thousands killed there over the next several months......   They will make isis look like friendly visitors.
BBC lies and lies..
No voting. Everyone just working for the Afghanistan. Reporter, please don't make up things. Afghan women text you (in English?). BBC, we will not believe you anymore. Afghanistan is now free, they can build their country as they wish. In 20 years time, it will be a prosperous country.
No worries General Steiner's counterattack is happening!!
It's ironic that people Americans call savages and killers are waiting for a peaceful change of power.We as Americans should be ashamed that we couldn't do that and half the country believes a morons lie about the election.
They are currently going door to door in every city, looking for young men that look like they may have served in the army or police. Taling them outside their houses and murdering them in cold blood. Simple. Welcome to taliban.
And Hitler promised he wouldn't invade Poland or Russia...look what happened both times
Why USA failed in Afghanistan? https://youtu.be/hcDWibgjnRQ
corrupted so called government fallen now we want to see same thing in iraq and northen iraq how people will fuck BARZANI and his fellow drug deallers
Starting... Of... Another... Sariya rule...
With the way that Taliban treat women, do you believe  "there will be no revenge" on the people of Afghanistan.?
Taliban are true
Believe this crap at your peril.
The Taliban is just a way of life not a 100 thousand strong military ,the people are dumb not to fight them back.
No Revenge?  The Quran says not to lie sir.
WHERE IS G W BUSH?
She's a legend. Imagine if he called fox news lol they probably have no Idea where Afghanistan is.
Nothing will change  bullshit   and lies  🤬🤬
I am praying for this new Administration to succeed for the sake of peace seeing as they have pleasant reforms.
Big shoutout to Toyota, 20 years of war and still running strong. Clarkson was right, they are indestructible, kinda like the Afghans themselves. Leave Afghanistan to the Pashtuns. No army, not Alexander the Great, not Chinggis Khan, not the British or Russian empires, not the Red Army, or the US had a chance against the Pashtuns there. I would like to see Bamiyan be a safe haven for the Hazaras, but that's probably a pipe dream.
I am surprised she forgot to ask..who do u mean by government
Are the Taliban vaccinated? Do they have there masks on. And they are for LGBT rights.
What a peaceful victory.
“One vote” per person doesn’t really give you true participation.  I’m in U.S., have my vote, but with no candidate to vote.  Not a fan of either Trump or Biden. So journalists, please open your mind and stop using your own standard to apply to all.
Our Christian Brothers and sisters might not like it but according to Islamic eschatology Afghans( Taliban ) will be the army of Jesus when he comes back.
Talib is like coronavirus hahaha hahaha I am Afghan girl I am not scared about that Taliban comes in my country because I am Afghan girl God is with me and with good people not like Taliban they saying the are Muslim but Muslim never kill people children and they saying u need to wear hijab why when someone didn't want to wear hijab why the punished them Muslims can't kill people children. Don't trust them we will never leave our country if others scared I will  and fight with Taliban because of my country Taliban is not Afghan the are from Pakistan .
We loveTaliban
The fact of the matter is that Afghanis ( in particular the army) took the Americans and Indians for a well planned  joyride for 20 years. They were always with the Taliban.  Just now that they are reaping the rewards collectively. Smarter than we all thought. 'Tea was fantastic' Checkmate Mr. 'Chiwala' And gratitude to the American taxpayers and armed forces.
Hahaha! Just take the opposite of everything and you'll be closer to the truth. Stop calling them fighters. They are paedo-psychopathic-death-cult-murderers. It's time to stop being 'non-judgemental' and to apply the judgement of the civilised world on the uncivilised. Beheading people and dragging children out of their homes to become 'brides' should be spat upon and condemned as the actions of animals. This is the ultimate result of the vacillating silliness of the political Left. Keeping your neck in one piece is more important than what your preferred pronouns are.
There are already reports of revenge killings
Well let's face it!!!  When it comes to world fear the " NEW  KID ON THE BLOCK IS COVIN SO WHAT'S THE POINT OF CONVENTIONAL WAR TERRORISMS OLD HAT" NOW...
Don't believe the hype..... in order to restore what they started, blood will be shed and it's gonna start another round of airstrikes...... we ain't going nowhere!
There is a coup in the country right now yet the so called wahmannnn were throwing themselfs at the university gate please lol this was out first femanist war and we lost 😂
I can only hope there is no retribution on the Afghan people. But will the Taliban work within the existing government framework? Do they care about being part of the Global community of nations? Or are they just going to be another proxy for Russia via Iran?
Talibans are just trolling Western media.
That country will have problems getting any goods or services in or out.  Blockade is coming.
*The 20 year sham is over*
What was the mission in Afghanistan? To defeat ISIS? Trump did that in less than 2 years. Was it to get Bin Laden and defeat Al Qaeda? Obama got Bin Laden. Why exactly were we still there?
They won in 7 days and the west f.... Many millions of lives in 20 years
Delta Variant: I spread faster Talibans: Hold my sandals
The Taliban must have serious sun tans after being called back from their holidays, now the coronavirus pandemic scare is dying down.
Is that English accent Russian ?
I never support an extremist group by any chance.  But those fighters are fighting for their morality and believes.  Western tried to implant that everyone should vote for their freedom and democracy which happened from the last 200 years( a lot of not include coloured people and women until 1970.) Where have 5000 years complicated history, thousands of years Islamic belief, and until now more than 70% population might be illiteracies. The only study resource from their beloved religion book.  American is that the way to sent troops and bombs to help the people after millions of civilians dead.
*UPDATE* : They didn't wait at the gate. There was no peaceful transfer of power.
Watch how quick they go back on every one of these promises. Inna lillah wa inna ilayhi rajioon for our brothers and sisters in Afghanistan
I promise, we won't cut people's heads off or stone women to death, super duper swear!  Freaking BBC morons.
Telly Ban coming to BBC soon .
LOL taliban being interviewed on what kind of government they will have.   That is like asking republicans will they have strong army or asking dems if they want minimum wage raised.
Parrot: “im a carnivore”
Saved himself nice guy😅
Worry about women! The disgusting excuse of invading weak countries. Well done Afghanistan well done! Now the time for the middle east to copy that!
que 130 22' sas
this is all what USA couses can they leave Afghanistan alone????? because they want destroy like Syria Iraq Libya and many more!!! they are not doing anything ather then destroyin innocent people s lives
BBC is full of propaganda!!
If only we could have helped them become a _peaceful_ government in the first place. No killings, torture, abuse, coercive/ fear-based control, discrimination or oppression allowed. By anyone. Peace can only create peace (war can never create peace). Perhaps there's been many lessons by us all over the last 20 years. We didn't have You Tube for starters! Now we know that the only way to make any changes in this world is by starting with ourselves (not expecting everyone else to change while we moan about everything & do nothing). *First Love Yourself* (FLY) 💞🙏   _If we all focus on our own inner peace, the whole world will be at peace._
Biden's admin is a complete disaster. Johnson is a joke. How will the BBC try to spin this story tomorrow when we see the footage of headless British and Americans on the streets of Kabul
Quran 22;51. But those who strive against Our revelations—these are the inmates of Hell. (1) Unlike anglo/zion unjust capitalism & systematic usurping usury & cruelty of taking decades to sort out a single dispute versus Taliban Islamic Sharia justice service by qualified Qazi who knows Quran & hadiths by heart that is supported by naturally found biological facts, He serves justice on the spot & honours puberty women to the marriage institution, secular system leave women to public property (2) Unlike the anglo/zion civil law where women are exploited as public property on every street corner billboard, Sharia law is supported by natural biology and women elevated in the family institution at the starting age of puberty & upward, where the husband is the head of the family institution, as commanded by God, Qur'an 4;36 Allah says: "Worship God and join not any partners with Him, and be kind to your parents...and the Quran 17;23 say not fie [uff] to your parents. (3) Unlike the anglo/zion cruel system of taking decades to solve a single dispute, the Taliban Islamic system serves justice there and then on the spot, by a qualified trained Qazi [Judge] who knows all the Quran & hadiths by heart, therefore, the Taliban's Godly system relieves both parties to live worry-free peacefully which helps parties focus more on their immediate family. (4) Unlike the anglo/zion fiat money usurping usury-based capitalist economic system, the Taliban State practices Islamic Theocracy based on interests free loans to individuals or sole traders and repayments are based on means-tested. Tax is levied at a single level across the board at one-fortieth or [2.5%], it never increases or decreases, and the Islamic Sharia system uses gold and silver currency that has inherent value, and there is no chance of inflation raising its head ever, that also helps nourishes human soul spiritually to be at peace including trouble-free including after death probate issues, where family estates shares are written on stone forever.
If the Taliban lets women get education and work, I really don't mind their rule over Afghanistan. America should stay out of other nations'matters.
Sad to say it but this wouldn't of happened if Trump had stayed in power. They see the weakness in Joe Biden and how he submits to all terrorists.
Who is next for democracy? North Korea or Venezuela?
He is all kittied up for the mayor"s dress ball !!!
no revenge O come on ! nothing like civilized west , carpet bombing , bhagram torture images , chopping limbs of Taliban as trophies and beer drinking cups made out of limbs  , mid night raid and Rapes , nothing like them ? Why ? O I know you following that dangerous Sharia which wont allow war crimes .
Taliban. Let's Go Places.
The reporter afraid of hijab 😂😂😂😂😂 just a piece of cloth giving you nightmares 😂😂😂
So who will be the Emir?
"Nor can goodness and Evil be equal. Repel (Evil) with what is better: Then will he between whom and you was hatred become as it were your friend and intimate!" (Quran, Surah Al-Fussilat, Explained in Detail, Chapter 41, Verse 34)
Yeah sure.. Taquiyya (taught by Quoran) is being practiced here.
You can never defeat an ideology
The taliban are more trustworthy than our dam government. If anything Americans supporters should be doing exactly what these lot did..from Biden communist government
US army we are running in Humvees Taliban: Hold my Toyota
Congratulations 🎊🎉 All Muslim world MUSLİM WORLD ORDER
Afghanistan will be a refuge for all who pursue dictatorial regimes and the new world order
And this is where China will come in: To rebuild Afghanistan
Combat boots v Flip flops! Anybody??
Another great program brought to you by the USA. !
Get the last Brit out and then throw a nuke in.....20 Years to train an army to fight extremists......It should have taken us just 5 minutes to see they are all cowards or are in league with the Taliban and want the country plunged back into the middle ages....They are not worth one Brits life or limb..... Biden is responsible for the ensuing tsunami of refugees because of the timing and method of withdrawal of US troops.....This is his Vietnam moment.....
Taliban who defeated America
the taliban understood how the west talk.. say no on the media and then do what ever you want
Mmm. What if they aren’t muslim?
It’s all distraction folks. Don’t believe anything bbc says.
Toyota should set-up a dealership in Kabul
America: we gonne implement democratie in afghanistan Taliban: We have time
Let's hope for a better and peaceful Afghanistan.
Okayga
What happens if they are acutally sain?
China should build a road from Afghanistan to America 😳😳😳
ALLAH O AKBAR KABIRA ALHAMDULILLAH HI KASIRA SUBHAN ALLAH BUKRATAWN WA ASILA
Hahahaha otherwise nobody will work and this idiots can read and write
No revenge meaning we will kill them softly
No revenge....for now !
This is a different Taliban.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same. Taliban must be stopped
let there be the first twelve century country in the midle of 21'st century civilization
Welcome to the new Sharia law Afghanistan, this spokesmen is a liar, the mass murder on everything deemed not Islamic enough will commence soon.
LOL. You weak minded fools. He is using a Jedi Mindtrick!
US current president is too weak ie can not understand how wars are fought , BIDEN SHOULD resign  now
Guaranteed this will cause the creation of smaller terrorist groups and soon the country will go to shit, just like Syria and Iraq, then the US will be forced again to go and clear up the mess and get more military funding.  This is so strategic and intelligent. Idiot radicals will flock to join the Taliban or whatever new terrorist name they will come up with. Destroy the county. US invades again. Cycle continues.
Cheers Biden
The real winner of all this fighting are the defence contractors and ...Toyota. just goes to show how reliable they are.
The President of Kabul is in Brooklyn, NY at Starbucks.
Our beloved Prophet Muhammad s.a.w wife hazrat Khadija was a businesswoman and He never imposed any restrictions to women to get education or doing business , so how the hell taliban can impose these restrictions if they will they are not muslims. Also we(women) should know our right path so noone can stop us to get education etc. We also have to give answer to Allah. Not to talibans.
So she doesn't know everything the guy says? Lol
I am assuming with there leadership we will reach interstellar travel and advancing mankind forward
Taliban speed to take over Afghanistan  Look 👀 like Taliban collecting candies 🍬 🍭
Why BBC, Facebook, Twitter, giving Taliban a platform, when Trump is banned...doesn't make sense?? Very confusing
The Taliban has never been defeated, the British tried and failed 3 times, the Soviet Union falied, the USA failed
Why are they giving him a voice ?????
Taliban says girls and boys will be allowed to go to schools ...but who will give them jobs after graduating from Taliban deemed university ? Imagine attending interviews and showing certificates signed by Taliban chief 🙄
No revenge but follow the rules, some of them are traitors and must be punished.... shoot them all !!
Biden is tougher on ppl with no masks than the Taliban. Disgusting.
Demos una oportunidad a los Talibanes. Ellos al parecer entendieron que vivimos en la era de la internet, como pronto también lo harán los norcoreanos. Solo déjenlos tranquilos y que ellos mismos resuelvan sus problemas. No pretendamos resolverles sus problemas lanzandoles bombas sobre sus casas.
😂😂🤥🤥
Rightfully it's there country. They just took over what was there's for decade's. Allah swt is the best of all planners.
No revenge. Will slave woman, but no revenge. Hahaha
Hahaha got con by the people of stan
What a waste of 20 years fighting.
Hijab doesnt only mean to cover your head or wearing burka, hijab is also about not to attract opposite sex with your makeup glamour or jewellery , also not to talk opposite sex in a meaning of attraction.
M
This article is toxic. *(and sponsored by General Dynamics, Raytheon, Lockheed-Martin and BAE)* Even Republicans hugely support this.. Infrastructure bill, Nope. COVID, Nope. Out of Afghanistan.. YEAH!
.we dont know what future holds for kids and innocent pple here,but there is no way they will be safe under these terrorists,These are the same pple who killed 85 school girls because of going to school...imagine how they will terrorize women n girls .damn this Earth is hard
No “re-education” camps?
Cheers Biden and Kamala. What an amazing job you are doing. Also a big shout out to Boris. Without you three we would have a peaceful safe world. But hey, who wants that, bring on the slaughter, rape, beheadings and bombings. Good times are here again. Oh, and one last thanks to those who voted for the creep Biden and his hysterical vp Kamala. Slow hand clap.
Do people still think Islam is a peaceful religion?😂😂😂😂😂
G.W Bush in 2001: The Taliban regime is going to an end. Mullah Umer said at that time: God has promised us Victory & Bush has promised us Defeat, we will see which promise is more truthful. World is watching now the promise of Allah. #IslamicEmirateofAfghanistan
God help the Afgan people. The Taliban take their revenge on them and will have all of the weapons and trained soldiers that they will need curtosey of the USA and UK armies. 🙄
Vietnam 2.0
All told, between 480,000 and 507,000 people have been killed in the United States' post-9/11 wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. Through Fiscal Year 2020, the United States federal government has spent or obligated $6.4 trillion dollars on the post-9/11 wars in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, and elsewhere.
Really??? This host is ridiculous, give him all the information he needs to go back and terrorize these women who in confidence told u their fears.
I would not be surprised if the spoke-person is actually Sacha Baron Cohen
If you did not see this coming then you are a F****** IDIOT
For every Taliban jihadist you kill, another dozen are spawned. It’s a losing battle... the Russians couldn’t hack it and they don’t play nice believe me. The so-called coalition had no chance.  The only real change has to come from within that country but how on earth do you go about brining people into the 21st century?!? Tough one this is 🤦🏽‍♂️
On July 8, Biden said that "the likelihood there's going to be the Taliban overrunning everything and owning the whole country is highly unlikely."
Well Done! Taliban, now you have proved to be the real Super Power of the world with the help of One Almighty God because you were not in a position to defeat the 2 super powers US and USSR without the help of One Almighty God by fighting with old rusted guns and catapults like pistols without any protective dress of war and without air power but only wearing turbans, skull caps and wearing old Chappals ( Slippers) and fought against well trained army with B-52 bombers. If the Taliban remain committed and devoted to the true teaching and preaching of Islam by following the last Prophet Muhammad ( Peace be upon him ) then there is no force on this earth to defeat Taliban because of help from  One Almighty God. Now say Takbeer Allahu Akbar and this is the Truth and nothing but the Truth. Keep this reading and spread the message till the tears roll down your cheeks.
Taliban: no revenge. Some people will just get beheaded as usual.
If the President of Afghanistan fled his own country and forsaked his own people, why should we or the US stick around?
Cold Turkey ....
If they can implement true Islamic values then I wish them all the best.  The prophets (pbuh) wife worked and he worked for her, before he married her.   Interestingly the first university built was by a Muslim woman as well 👩 👏 🙌 ❤
2001: We will destroy talibans 2021: we will let US go unharmed.
Their first order of business was to end COVID.
Wow they sound so mannered as against the idea the west has put into our minds. I imagined them to be the barbarians from lord of the rings.
Ashraf ghani has requested Indian PM Modi to sand his Army and Airforce to help in rescuing Afghanistan government,, despite the fact that he was knowing that Indian army only fight in Bollywood and that's too with Sunny Leone in leads role
Wonder what deal has been done !!
‏لا إله إلا الله پر یقین جن کا ہو دنیا کی کوئی بھی طاقت انہیں شکست نہیں دے سکتی ❤✌
Does anyone believe him?
They are breaking in to Prisons and releasing all the Prisoners......... And next Month - The 2oth Anniversary of 9/11 If Bin Laden was still alive you KNOW he would be planning a SPECTACULAR
Such BS!! Anyone who buys this message is tragically deluded!!
This video got more likes then any Biden video on the net 🤦‍♂️
Alhamdulillah ❤️😊 All are happy and don't spread fake news, Boycott godi media  https://youtu.be/-3W_CkpyPNo
The most bias news BBC  so irritating listening to this arrogant journalist woman is like they all drank from the same cup when it comes to interviewing a muslim. Their style is More of interrogation than interview.
DID WE LEAVE THE TALIBAN ENOUGH WEAPONS COPTERS AMMO ETC. COMPLETE FUBAR!!!!!
💪🏽💪🏽
How can you defeat a people who love to die the way you love to live?
I hope they are true to their words regarding women, I absolutely DO NOT trust whatever he said.
Cambodia Killing field just duplicate in Afganistan.
usa pulled out like in saigon disgraceful.should have spoke to china and russia for a safe withdrawel ,they could have watched taliban offensives
meanwhile as he speaks the Taliban are in the presidents office .
علىوه بقرا ع اسالتكم
مايعرف يقرا
Afghanistan is going to be just fine, depending on how well the Taliban can run their country. And how quickly fresh elections will be held etc. If not, civil war will be the result. And that would be nasty, plus off course isolation.
Biden: We won terrororism by going away from it. It is a new doctrine.
Ha HA HA!  No revenge,  but, they will dole out justice.
No revenge........ The Graves don’t lie.
The way the Taliban have taken town after town , after city , its as if most of the population have wanted this to happen . The afghan army was much bigger than the Taliban , but no resistance at all .Did us in the west really got it that wrong , after all the Taliban have never attacked any Weston target out side of there own country . the only thing the Taliban did was to harbor bin laden . and if this was there crime , why have we not invaded southen Ireland as they harbored IRA for years and still do . either way its fucked now .
BBC shorthand for STUPID
And if you believe this, you need your head examined!
Mass Forced marriage is Mass Rape!!! There is and will never be any peaceful political transition for those poor young girls.  Every night will be another brutal invasion!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Taliban will take this country back thousands of years. Good luck. Modern times and the West are not going away...
Covid and phizer jabs are not pushed by Taliban 👏. Interesting that is not covid that kills in Afghanistan but bullets. Shows you how media and politicians lie
Since when terrorists giving interviews lol
on Afghan not ha ha ha ha
It’s true they need to win the hearts and mind of the people
So what is going to happen to the opium poppy harvest fields? They will destroy it or not.
What a waste of 20yrs and loss of lives, fathers, sons, daughters on all sides 😢
There is a very real fear that the Taliban will clamp down on Afghanistan women's rights, bringing them down even as far as those in Saudi Arabia. But at least Saudi Arabia hasn't been our ally since the late 1940s. Wait... It has?
THE TALIBAN DONT RESPECT ANYONE
https://youtu.be/vyeyzuc50sk Talibans are going door to door in Herat city asking for child bride
How on earth is a terrorist organization in possession of such advanced weapons which are usually used by rich countries by their armed forces. Who has given them these weapons? They are definitely not made in Afghanistan. Nor are the Taliban wealthy so how did they get this money and all these weapons. Who has acted against the people of Afghanistan?
Mr President, What do you think about the war in Afghanistan? Biden: " Afgha who?"
He’s not even Afghan. Listen to his accent. He’s a Pakistani
Lol, what if the real play is to get the Taliban all in one place at the same time?
Civil war will soon happen between different Taliban tribes. Also, I dont think they will leave women alone and let them have freedom and peaceful lives.
i cant i am speechless cant eat since view days since i heard what happend to AFG it is a tragedy
SORT EM  OUT ,
American billion dollars use Afghanistan Starting war but today billion dollars  where is ? America is a loser  Afghan taliban win War  Struggle is key of success  Future is now Taliban
whole world think it's sad YES it is sad USA lost trillion but yes afgan next gen gonna be rich becouse usa didn't succeed stealing all the netrual resourse
These words are empty because during the last few days the Taliban has already executed hundreds of people who have worked with the foreigners. Lets give some sharia for the talibans and feed them to pigs.
That's sad. I feel bad for the citizen
May be a trick, but it sound quite promising. One thing for sure: the Afghans didn’t think the “American Afghanistan” was worth fighting for, dying for or spilling Afghani blood for.
No revenge on Afghans for NOW. But hell will come for the Afghans soon. They will  soon find out.  The problem eventually is that USA spend 86 billion dollars on Afghanistans army, let alone all the other countries. Afghanistan had 20 years to be a betyer country. USA completed its mission of wiping out anything related to Osama bin laden long ago.   It instead wanted to do a righteous thing of installing a government with a new constitution, womens rights, human rights, an afghan army and so on. But instead, the Afghan president filled its own pockets and that of the generals, and even those of the Taliban. Instead on putting it into use for Afghanistan.  Afghan leaders failed miserably. And when Taliban took real action Afghanistan was taken in mere days. It also shows how wrong this Afghan state has been working, but not everything can be blamed on the Afghan government. Also many Afghans let this all happen, because Taliban cannot survive anywhere else but Afghanistan. In Greece or Germany or USA, or Japan, etc the Taliban wouldnt even survive for 1 month. You know why? Because in these countries people are intellectual and not in the core corrupted by cultural and religious rules of huge proportions. As well as that you cannot see the difference between a Taliban and a Afghan man by clothing. If I was the Afghan president I would let everyone have Jeans clothing. That way you will see the difference between the Taliban and normal people. And noone can hide A AK47 in their pants
these people and there so called religion is the true pandemic of this planet the taliban want world domination and they will wait 100 years to get it the biden admin are pure scum for putting innocent people lives at risk look at what you demorats and there surpporters have done you are all traitors in my eyes ......TRUMP THE WORLD NEEDS YOU MORE THAN EVER ......WWG1WGA
This transfer of power is sponsored by Toyota.
American teach good english in 20 years
They are evolving ......they have come out if their caves, obviously they have got a little idea of how international politics and relation works.its only a matter of time before they have nukes from Pakistan or Iran and then the real fun begins.
So have the Taliban finally noticed that with an eye for an eye we all go blind... It's good they don't want revenge. We should accept defeat and move one.  Helping them become prosperous on their own terms will benefit both of us in the long run. If we cooperate with each other we prevent making another monster who hates us and wants to destroy us.
This talibani spokesman is a joker in reality these talibani extremist will push afghanistan in hell sply the women will have to go through a lot.
Spoke to bbc??? 😂
Hmm I have a feeling he might be fibbing. No violence or miss treatment of people who don't follow their horrible ideology.
These actors are getting so realistic 😂 errr Alan is God..🤔 Wait Allah that's him 😂
As soon as the American army left the Afghani army capitulated almost immediately. This has always been the reality in Afghanistan, the Americans and its allies were the only forces stopping the Taliban from regaining control. The American army could not stay there indefinitely. The Afghans have to control their own destiny, it may take time but this is the only way.
Becoz they are slave of Ar-Rahman (Most Merciful) not Western Civilization.
Glad the Taliban have a hotline to the BBC, a bit of luck 😉 😅 👍
American president was saying there are 75000 talibani fighters and 300000 Afghani soldiers with airforce and advanced machinery. How within 2-3 weeks Taliban recaptures without people's support. Very strange , I think there are external players who are behind this. Hope this transition takes place smoothly without bloodshed.
Snake PAK Imran, must be rejoicing now. This was his Invasion-  The Invasion of Afghanistan  is orchestrated by PAKISTAN.  Imran supported The Taliban from day 1.
HOI4 players see this as:  Afghanistan has capitulated.
Only a fool would trust what the Taliban says
ANTICHRIST EGLON EARTH TAX LORD 777 ARRIVES
Tory MP Tobias Ellwood told Times Radio: “This is completely humiliating for the west. We assembled the most incredible, technologically advanced alliance the world has ever seen and we are being defeated by an insurgency that’s armed with AK47s and RPGs.😂😂😂😂😝😛😀😃
Poor folk just left to it....all those troops sent to war died and for what.  Those shitty ass politicians should be on the front lines...
Congratulations go out to the Biden administration for making all of this possible.
Lmao 🤣🤣🤣 okay sure.
Taliban understands the game this time around. Of course women's rights are at the apex of the issue.
The U.S. should never have entered Afghanistan and clearly, the Afghans love the Taliban-- they're welcoming them with open arms.  The Taliban controlled over 70% of Afghanistan the past 20 years anyway, this was inevitable.
‘Hold on… are those subtitles?!’
Hero of the Afghanistan 👑 Taliban Taliban ✨💥💫⚡️
If they came back anyways what was the point of taxpayers giving money to send the army there I am confused
COME TALK TO ME IN 6 MOS.  A KINDLER GENTLER TALIBAN TERRORIST VISION FOR THE WORLD.  SHALOM
So long as all women between 15 years and 45 years are handed over to the Taliban fighters as reward. I guess what he means by 'no revenge' is that they will be spared the death by stoning or beheading. How charitable😡❗️
Don't believe a word this man says - they are barbaric thieves
Don't believe a word this man says - they are barbaric thieves
Brought to you by Toyota.
*Peaceful transfer of... power... to... Toyota...*
All I heard that duschbag say equated to, they will be an oppressive regime and be unchanged from who they were in the nineties
Are they men? I don't think so. And the biggest evidence, America stalked them in the mountains for 20 years, and after they got out  They Go back to their women dragging them into the streets. cowards   stray dogs
Reporter ,s questions are not.......
I have a bridge in Brooklyn I’ll give you a heck of a deal on...
Wait till they start killing people for their money and belongings. Don't worry it only gets worse.
40 years ago the Soviet Union intervened to protect a secular government that was modernising the country and to prevent Islamic extremism spreading to it's large Muslim population and our Western propaganda called it an "invasion" so they could justify giving those Islamic extremists lots of modern weapons until they took over the country. If you want to know what Afghanistan would have looked like if the Soviets had succeeded then just search YouTube for videos of Tajikistan's capital city, Dushanbe
After the loss of U.S longest war in Afghanistan, I see the same question and narrative of BBC and American channels, women rights and girls go to school. What more you want if he himself says Girls and women can go to school and universities. I don't think so America or Soviets attacked Afghanisran so that they could send girls and women to schools and universities. By the way, BBC should know better there are so many poor African tribes and tribes in Amazaon jungles where women and girls don't go to school and have no rights. Please attack those jungles.
Thats the change of the world...... If the taleban can stop prostitution, adultery, chitting with the poor people of richest. My wish with them.
Im not with any one.side but my humble opinion is : Let the people of afghanistan alone and decide their future and without any revenge of economic sanctions as the poor people is the one who suffer the most. Peace , No war.😄
Good at BULLSHIT ain't they?
Medieval brute with a 21st century communication degree
Let these backward people to sort out their own problems, you should never interfere in other people family dispute!
LOL, their words don't worth shit. I would trust a rat in my pantry before trusting a Taliban.
20 years ago that reporter would’ve had a gun in his face with a sign that translates to: get lost… this is odd…. peaceful transition..? Hmmmm 🤔
Thank you @/nbc_news
Damnnnnn, twice Taliban took power in Kabul peaceful. And today is the day they did it for the 2nd time.
Western media is trying their best to show Talibans as bad guys
Well, won't 2021 be a year to remember, I might just send bush and Blair a card every year from now on.
Ignore this blatant obfuscation.. The real news is The delta variant is really the vaccines taking effect.
Also all those linguist are going to be killed for working with the U.S.
another FAILURE of the USA - the world biggest clown and liar, as always, what's big deal? not surprised.
Biden and laden similarity..
Nice bit of propaganda from the Taliban there. I hope they thanked BBC for the platform.
Train to Busan.  Flights from Afghanistan.
people of words. never break promise
Life is about to be hell for the women and girls ALL over again with their b.s. Sharia law.
BBC will be inviting them around for tea soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muGcHOWPeIU
20 years at war with goat herders with out dated weapons...our military  is garbage!..
When men were men 😂😂😂
bullshit
Whatever you think about them, These are MEN of their word, unlike America and the west always lying and scheming
Who believes these liars
dear madam taliban don't have time 😏😏😏😏During suhail shaheen interview they may captured another district🤣🤣🤣he is on the rush
A peaceful hand over, then the head chopping starts.
“We are so pleased that we can throw people off of buildings again.,”
BBC Fake News
How many of you missing Trump and how many ofyou want to kick ass of this pussy Biden.
Maybe we should have sent more women into combat.
Ghee Whiz what nice people these TERRORISTS are. The gentle side of HORROR.
If you believe this report, I got a bridge I want to sell you.
Long live the Mujaideen and pile up the bodies of Britain and US before they leave 😁
Nuke them all
allah o akbar
Good job Biden.
That's a slap in the face for the families of UK & US soldiers who died in the war
What will be the future of America 🤔🤔
Congrats to the American tax payers Here's the bill for 7 trillion dollars.
One thing for sure the opium trade is going to be a dying trade in Afghan!!
Yeah right, not even them believe that
Not a single afghani woman in sight in this whole segment. That should tell you something: that under a Taliban regime, women are subservient, don’t have a voice and will be treated with indignity. Where are the feminists taking on the Taliban?
This has all the makings of the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran.  With Biden in the role of Carter and the Taliban in the role of the Mullahs of Iran.
Taliban are media savvy.
I am worried about  Afghan women over there .. these militants can't be trusted as soon as they take full control women will be the first victims!!
american style democracy  of invasion was doomed and doesn’t apply in this part of the world. the Hindu Kush has been the graveyard of invading foreign armies.
Terrible times, look up Nowzad animal charity run by a ex British Military man who has made a desperate appeal.
But girls have to stay at home.
Longest game, the game started 20 years ago and the wistle blown now. But who won?
In other words "Peace in our time."   Sounds familiar.
The Fall of Saigon..All over Again🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣The USA of the Movies and of real life are two different things. They got they ass whooped by little men dressed in Turbans.😂😂😂
‌it is the CIA ,MI6 and SIS steratigie pou avoir le pouvoir dans la Région.it have been done all the time on the poor pepole and country. The USA ,  UK and pakistan helped  and supporte the Talibon since 20 year.
Not one woman on the streets. Nothing but slavery!  When is the West going in to free all those women. They'll make us give our lives for oil... But not to free millions of women from lives of...A living death.  And please!  No smart ass comments about  it being their culture!  All your comment will reveal is... Your deepest desire... Or... succinctly...How stupid you are.
Once the Taliban took over they will show their true face. Too much talks don’t save the poor people of Afghan
In speed they failed German Blitzkrieg. It should be called Bikeskrieg
Even the well known intellectual Dubya had a saying about fooling someone twice.
fwaaar
What is the problem ,Afghan people wanted to live as per  quran   ,either you support Muslim or you ban the Quran ,
Let the Afghans live their way of life, if this is what they believe. Why are the westeners so concerned, as far as Afghanistan is a muslim country and they just got their muslim government? Well done to them, now let them sort themselves out.
Why are westerns allergic to hijab/burqa even in Muslim countries now 😂 Look at Talibans and learn from them - they have no headache whether you are living nude/half-nude in your own country 🤣 Oil your own machine and stop imposing your own culture on others by media, politics, MNCs or IOs 😂   Let Muslims free to follow their religious instructions ☪️ Females are completely free and have equal rights in Islam, but they must have to maintain the rules and regulations of modesty in lifestyle (just like males) 👍🏽
Welcome to the world under Biden.  Thank you bbc, cnn, Democrats, labour, Biden, and all the left.  Look how you even try to cover it as lightly as possible.  Utter joke bbc
If your militaries intrude other countries, think first, who give you the right? Don't use the justice as an excuse, too much lies! The history repeated itself,  US never learned the lesson!
THE BBC ARE COERCING PEOPLE TO GET THIS JAB...THAT IS A WAR CRIME AND AGAINST THE Nuremburg code...YOU ARE ALL INVOLVED ..LOOK AT THE PUNISHMENT ...    The Nuremberg Code (1947) Permissible Medical Experiments The great weight of the evidence before us to effect that certain types of medical experiments on human beings, when kept within reasonably well-defined bounds, conform to the ethics of the medical profession generally. The protagonists of the practice of human experimentation justify their views on the basis that such experiments yield results for the good of society that are unprocurable by other methods or means of study. All agree, however, that certain basic principles must be observed in order to satisfy moral, ethical and legal concepts: 1. The voluntary consent of the human subject is absolutely essential. This means that the person involved should have legal capacity to give consent; should be so situated as to be able to exercise free power of choice, without the intervention of any element of force, fraud, deceit, duress, overreaching, or other ulterior form of constraint or coercion; and should have sufficient knowledge and comprehension of the elements of the subject matter involved as to enable him to make an understanding and enlightened decision. This latter element requires that before the acceptance of an affirmative decision by the experimental subject there should be made known to him the nature, duration, and purpose of the experiment; the method and means by which it is to be conducted; all inconveniences and hazards reasonably to be expected; and the effects upon his health or person which may possibly come from his participation in the experiment. The duty and responsibility for ascertaining the quality of the consent rests upon each individual who initiates, directs, or engages in the experiment. It is a personal duty and responsibility which may not be delegated to another with impunity.     https://media.tghn.org/medialibrary/2011/04/BMJ_No_7070_Volume_313_The_Nuremberg_Code.pdf    copy and share this information
The taliban saying “no revenge” is such a load of bullshit! They will impose “sharia law”! Anything they say about treating girls and women fairly and with respect is so far from the truth, it is invisible! MARTIAL LAW will be imposed, dictatorship will reign, obedience will be MANDATORY! Afghanistan will become a second Iran, controlled by the mullahs! Justice administered by the sword, rope, gun! If a person is not a member of the elite, then he (definitely she) will live (excuse the term, their will be no “life” only existence in bondage) in fear!
Yeah right!!!! 😂 😆 Derka derka!!!
"The hijab will not be required unless you are a woman... In which case, we will tell the Western world it's a sexy bikini."
The best message I have heard in 20 years. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
The world should stay away from this , They have tested themselves and now know who is who. This issue of girls going to school or not is upto them. They are ready to put down the riffles and international world should stay away from this.
Imagine that for decades now, people tried to tell you that the Western occupation within Afghanistan had nothing to do with peace and protecting your civil liberties 1000's of miles away and that you weren't going oversees to fight an enemy that wanted to impose their rules on you (again 1000's of miles away) but instead were going to "peacefully" occupy the space so that a few dozen billionaires could make yet more money off of oil etc... oh wait... nevermind, that's EXACTLY what people have been trying to warn you of.  Now that the world is moving away from wider fossil fuel usage and is trying to move towards renewable sources and various oil companies are recieving sanctions for high consumption of oil, it JUST SO HAPPENS that the US and all other allies decide to pull all forces out? Mkay... definitely not a coincidence
what a ridiculous questions , islamic institution was giving women the right of learning and working way back when western people did not even knew what a book is , and know that islam do not give both a criminal and a man of science and good behavior the same power of imposing a law " one voice or one voting paper " they are not the same , if we give a criminal one voice the scientist must count for a 100 voices .
Hmm sounds like something Putin would say🤨
I would be really glad if women and girls will truly be able to educate and that they will only have to wear headscarf.
The swift take over by the Taliban meant that, the US did nothing better there economically that changed their lives.
Afganistan: Graveyard of empires.
A smokescreen for the covid con virus
Are you sure that's not bill gates in disguise.
I think there is no need for new Taliban president for swearing in.
Welcome to the new Iran.
toyota truck commercial.
its their people,  why would they revenge lol poor western propaganda can't take the L 😂
All super Powers enter to afganistan as hero ! But they  leave as a thief indeed.
That’s a joke they will slaughter anyone who disagrees with them and these soldiers will be executed.
Afghanistan heading back to the stone age
Will Pakistan allow Taliban to turn their attention on J&K.How will India face it.
Western people are so ignorant, who believe terrorists.
Excellent replied by taleban.. western countries abused them ..indeed talaban’s policy is better for people for peace , in many cases it will reduce rape, social conflict etc.
Taliban are nasty weasels
And thanks to the BBC for supporting Blair's wars.
Talibans won the war after hard struggle they are victorious they defeated USA and NATO, they have right to form their government ofcourse they are not bound to the will of defeated western world.
'no revenge', The whole of the Taliban just rolled up in Toyota's holding AK-47,s and rocket propelled grenades.
All these years we're fooled that Afghanistan Army can defend themselves!  As we can see that in just few days we all found out that there's NO LEADERSHIP & ARMY to defend this country!!!  All BullSh@$% 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
"I believe you."  Said nobody EVER.
The Taliban will now be recognized right up there with the Vietcong and NVA in the history books.  👥
Bush has promised us defeat and God has promised us victory; let’s see which promise is more truthful- Mullah Omer
So why did we go to Afghanistan is the first place? Did we succeed in that reason ? What about the American blood that has been spilled ? Afghan blood? Surely we have learned from vietnam, i guess not. Its a shame that a country sends its young men and women to a far away land to die and or be maimed in the name of vanity.
Leave them as they wish, theywan to turn back of the human civilazition.
Soon Iraq and Syria ☝
The mouth of Sauron speaking
And what about the videos of them executing some of them in other cities! FAKE News
There is a news that USA has trained 300k Afghan soldiers, etc. on the top of material support. How can Taliban can prevail over such a trained and well powered army? This looks like a miracle.
If Taliban Comes to your House you are the guest
They've already executed Afghans and began to take the women and girls and make them sex slaves. So.......
A perfectly executed plan by the U.S
BBC reporter is trying her best to portray Taliban as extreme ideologists as possible. Shame on your reporting
Afghanistan people like taliban..,.. ?
Really can't even control their own militias
If they don't force vaccinate the population then ill believe him
I am happy for no one 😊😊😊
Where is NATO???
Let them take over. What is rotten shall not take root.
The human face of the Taliban, is it, no beheadings, we will see.
Got to ask your self when we spent 3 trillion dollars on them, trained them for 19 years, gave them choppers, vehicles, guns, never ending ammo, planes, military buildings as well as police stations. All it took was a bunch of peasants with cold war weapons and vehicles to take over in 72 hours. Id say the population doesnt want our help. There are videos of them lining the streets welcoming the taliban back and waving. More garbage globalist narrative news from the traitors to mankind at BBC. You so very badly need defunded.
https://youtu.be/tQu47eb6slE
Hold them close and hold them dear and tell them what they want to hear......
In 20 years...the Taliban have Realised to learn english....they know the western media will never learn their Language....
I guess the big western powers have too much interest in opium which controls the pharmaceutical giants….Drug lords rule the world and fill the politicians pockets nothing new.
This is what happens when a bumbling corrupt corpse that usurped the presidency runs the show. Chaos. Thanks Democrats..Hey, at least your feelings aren't being hurt by tweets right?
He sounded very reasonable ! More convincing than many British ministers lol
I haven't seen a single happy Afghanistan face in all my years browsing the western media.   They were either desperate sad refugees or suicidal maniacs in front of their cameras.  and now look at the these people's expressions in this piece of news.
سهیل شاهین ریس جمهور افغانستان ماشاالله
Follow us on Twitter on @newsgroupmedia
I’m sure one day the BEEB, will show us what is happening to the Palestinians and the *ANNEXATION* of their land by Israel ! Anybody listening in the BEEB ? (Embarrassing waste of public money )
Islam championed the education of women and girls. I don't know where the Taliban gets its own ideas from.
No doubt Taliban made mistakes using excessive force in the past but unlike being arrogant after conquering the country and having the authorityto do as they please, they have reformed their policy and are taking a relaxed approach. unlike a certain sUpER power who boasted with in 2 months of invasion that they have "won"
BBC crap. So they can rape, pillage, behead and massacre at will for decades and the world must just absolve them??! I say give them a deadline to get out and if not go in there with full force and get rid of this scourge of the earth!
All our next will be uneducated again why
Afghan "army" couldn't defend a muffin from a fly Get ready to go back to the 4th century Afghanistan. 20 years you had time to get your shi# together.  What a total waste of good old american lives and funds.
Few days back, President biden said "No nation on earth can unite Afghans or lead them"  Is this joke or miracle that some time we blv on people we think that they are best in all forms but actually they are worse fool on other hand...  Same done by the people who run to 20 years ago in Afghanistan to clean it from taliban...
They want just kill women’s
no revenge? Theres already footage of them dragging people out of homes and executing them in the streets. anybody who helped the Americans as got a death sentence.
Welcome Afghan refugees to the UK.
U can see his eyes saying something else
20 years and then this?
Tell me ban banana. Daylight comes and me wanna go home.  6 foot 7 foot 8 foot bunch.
The taliban is decentralized .gov, something we'll never understand, and probably the reason they are been effective at handling foreign take overs for centuries
Afghanistan is the graveyard of "superpowers, agents of foreign countries and unfortunate citizens in between wars". Let Talibans free to run their own country for few years. Only then we can understand how they are. Also neighbor countries i.e. India, Myanmar and China should have to keep in mind - "Never oppress Muslims in your country and stop torturing them e.g. Kashmiri, Rohingya and Uighur. Slowly give their religious and cultural freedom back. You all will be okay then. Unless you're keeping your country in danger". So simple to understand and to accept, so called developed/developing countries must show their honest interest for bringing peace in the world.
There will be no revenge on Afghan people and the BBC takes his word as law, gospel. You stupid group of out of touch middle class twits of all skin tones that inhabit the BBC.
all colonial criminal crusaders will just get out you lost hahaha
Taliban will first fkk the sheiks of saudi...then fkk india....then fkk america....nd in the end finally fkk israel
Mullah omar 2001 : Allah promised us victory Bush promised defeat world will see which turns out true 2021:
Islam will not allow them to take revenge and as he said there is will be no revenge.
Journalist wasted the time asking dumb questions
সুন্দর একটি আফগানিস্তানের সূচনা শুরু হলে ইনশাআল্লাহ কাতার কে  টেক্কা দিবে আফগানিস্তান
Thank you to doha  for creating peace with Taliban. America actually put Taliban in POWER.. Now they will have a place UNITED NATIONS 😂😂😂
Combat footage is hard to come by . . . because there wasn't any.
It looks more like liberation... weird...
®https://youtu.be/c7UF8rUeITA
The deal was already done with the US.
Can anyone tell me who are actually Talibans??...are they Pashtuns living in the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan??....because why the spokesperson is saying "there will be no revenge on Afghans"....Aren't the Talibans citizens of Afghanistan??.....And what baffles me is how could they retain their power after almost 2 decades....I think it could not have been possible without the support of the Afghanistan people.
And now the exact same thing which has been going on for years will continue with those who don’t want the taliban in control
I AM SO MAD LIKE THE NEWS EVEN SUPPORTS TALIBAN?! I AM AFGHAN AND MY FAMILY IS IN KABUL. I HAVE BABY COUSIND AND MY GRANDPARENTS LIVE THERE. #FREEAFGHANS
I’m surprised there are enough Taliban remaining in Afghanistan, many of them have come over to the UK on inflatables.
westerns are  greedy leave the world alone, always things should not go as your choice
Seems legit, i’m sure these promises will be kept, after all these are honourable gentlemen………………      🤦🏻‍♂️
I have a simple solution to the US and Taliban Leaders. Forget the Chinese, forget the Russians and forget the Pakistanis, Indians and the rest of the world.    To resolve the Afghanistan crisis, here is what US need to do.   1. Let go our pride and admit it was a mistake to try to do nation building in Afghanistan. Admit that US made a mistake and now US and the world will recognize Taliban as a legitimate government in Afghanistan.   2. US will commit to assist Taliban government $2 billion US Dollar in cash per year for the next 20 years. US will lead the international community to recognize the Taliban as a Afghanistan's government.  3. Taliban must not behead and kill anyone who worked with US in the past   4. The world hold Taliban Government responsible for any terrorist coming out of Afghanistan.   5. Taliban Gov will allow women and girls to go to school. Taliban Gov will allow current women judges to continue their duty through Afghanistan.    What countries does not want peace, hope and prosperity for their people. If US admit and negotiate these terms directly with the Taliban leaders face to face I have no doubt in my mind Taliban leader cannot turn it down. They too want what is best for their people, men and women.     You are welcome US and the world!
Borqa of course
Kashmiri women text you who weee raped and widowed by Indian army you are all fake in the name of democarzzzzzzzy
Who would have guessed it. The BBC giving a world stage to the cultural oppressors of women and the sexual abuse of children. And talking to them like they are civilised humans?
Toyota, servis shoes and ak 47 and world will be swept like flood
😭😭😭😭😭😭🤲🤲🤲🤲💔💔
look just pull out, let nations fix their own messes, if the people want taliban leadership then let them have it and if they don't then let them fix it themselves. there's no reason for the US or the rest of the world to try and force their politics and ideals in to these countries.
Your safe except we're going to implement Sharia law. Allah akbar
I have to respect Yalda Hakim's professionalism in this clip. She could've made it real personal considering her family escaped from Afghanistan.
Says the people who just slaughtered a dozen+ surrendering ANA special ops couple weeks ago. Taliban=inbred trash
what,,?..20years?.....USA losser....us army chicken
BBC, if you believe what he says, you will believe anything, sounds like men telling women what to do to me, back to the dark ages.
Talibans have always been the same but US Propeganda media never showed you that
How much he knows about islam ..
I truly pray the taliban will be just to the people of Afghanistan, I hope they’ve learned from the atrocities in the past.
The next thing Joe will do is send out plane loads of arms to the taliban. Great job.
Toyota should offer special pricing for Afghans  for all the free advertising provided by Talibans.
Afghani president  :- TALIBAN WILL LEAVE *AFTER 2 HOURS* Afghani president  :- LEAVES THE COUNTRY  🤣🤣
Exactly
The Taliban are lying, why even give them a mouthpiece? They will be publicly stoning and beheading by the end of next month. The schools will be destroyed, and internal fighting will resume.
Toyota War: The Sequel
Get ready folks..I fear for my life..I'm coming to America and bring daisy my camel...😆 🤣 😂 😹 😆 🤣 😂
I don’t think the west lost the war what I believe has happened is that the Taliban have promised the west that terrorists will not be given safe haven and therefore cannot plan attacks from Afghan soil. So in that sense the west have achieved something
I think he didn't mean a power share with America 😄
Burning women for letting their hair show. No more education for women. Genital mutilation of women. But NO REVENGE! Praise Allah!
Well I am sure the taliban will thank Biden, and possibly send him flowers. After all it would not have happened if Joe hadn’t withdrawn troops, and now they will have free reign of the women and girls with no recourse. Thank you Joe you POS.
Good work bush and blair.
Its as simple as this - dont start unnecessarily murdering you own citizens and the rest of the world wont get involved! Lets see how long you hostiles will last!WATCH THIS SPACE
He's straight and clear in explaining every situation
Always knew they where gonna the win the war eventually
Well done. Now  let thrm run country and westrun move away . Its Asia women coverd is Asia culture.
No face masks or social distancing. Shocking
Good for them, maybe the country will finally see some stability!  It's about time western powers stopped meddling and manipulating, the whole thing was totally corrupt.
Of course they use Toyota Hilux as their combat vehicles, Japanese reliability numbah ONE.
No one has respect for the taliban.
Good answer
Toyota sponsored the Taliban war effort by supplying them their transport vehicles.
It’s preplanned.  Biden purposely pulled troops overnight left all cars guns etc.  Taliban met China CCP. CCP who also control Biden.  Now Taliban has taken Afghanistan.
America really screwed up that one! George Bush is a war criminal for starting that non sense! And now America in general it’s just a war criminal For bailing on the people that it destroyed. This will be more humiliating to them than Vietnam. No one respects them anymore! Loosers!
"Nor can goodness and Evil be equal. Repel (Evil) with what is better: Then will he between whom and you was hatred become as it were your friend and intimate!" (Quran, Surah Al-Fussilat, Explained in Detail, Chapter 41, Verse 34)
G w bush still alive or he went hell ready ???
**AMERICA WANTED THEM IN POWER SOON AFTER THEY HEARD CHINA 🇨🇳 MADE A DEAL FOR MINING RIGHTS WITH TALIBAN 😆 🤣 NOW ITS A FREE FOR ALL**
Means to the left to the left you'll find your shit. Get out. Oh boost immune system and be safe.
Good luck to him.
Yeah women are talking to the news person and asking her to help them but when America bombs no news person is texted.
Slavery is a curse. Taliban are also patriotic than all afghan people. They are in power and have majority with local public Willings. I assure that they will lead there country with honor and respect. Best wishes for Afghanistan
The fact we were in the country built on lies and for so long i knew that when everyone said they were pulling out was a lie. The media storm over this is yet another propaganda campaign to justify whatever comes next. Not sure how they are planning to work this yet, perhaps they are simply working alongside the taliban to share the profits of the poppy fields that by some astonishing coincidence became a much larger operation once the US etc had taken over.
Afghan before us come, they dont have police to control peace in country....That how peaceful the Afghan back then...
Too bad 1/6 didn't make it this far.
This is purely US political propaganda.. let’s wait n see their next move..
their narrative will change soon
How many Afghan people died in last 10 years? How many died since America left  Afghanistan?
All news are about fall of Kabul or Collapse of Afghanistan. But no one is telling as Fall of NATOforces or failure of usa. Is this not victory of Taliban? Taluban won against nato forces
If taleban wins, man are likely to be crazy (mad) because girls and women will be under "taleban laws" which is far from Islamic law.
BBC is full of bias.  America is useless.  Let Afghanistan rule themselves.
**SO HE'S NOT AFGHAN LOL, BECAUSE HE SAID WE WILL HAVE AFGHANS ALSO IN THE OFFICE....WTH IS GOING ON HERE??**
0:51  ....  did anyone see that ? !  the 2 Taliban men hitting the cameraman with a stick ?
What a big fat shame after 20 years of....
US say’s we have Money Taliban say’s we have Time
Yalda Hakim is totally disoriented. Unprepared
Now,Target is Independent Kashmir 🇧🇩❤️🇦🇫  Taliban ❤️❤️❤️❤️😍🇧🇩
Those ladies whomever texting to u that ladies all bloody bitchs
The West leaders: dam no many wars going on these days...the military industrial complex needs food. The West leaders: Ok , Taliban...your role starts.  Everyone else: Time to believe in another boogey man
Of course the BBC bought this up. They're going to reinstate sharia law but still be peaceful?
BBC's Propaganda that requires an Ignorant audience.
Can we let them rule the country because they seems good people no blood sheed so far and they captured the whole country.
The media really loves reporting on Afghanistan don’t they
US FAILED
This is American Taliban USA helping Taliban india should stop all American policy American not our friend their friends Pakistan arab
I don't see any women on the street?  All men
Another disaster created by US
Ur discusted ero Union. UK US 20yrars
Bbc how do you always get those phone numbers its weird lol
Full of lies
Jhal k rakho americans tussi kakh v nai jazba muslims da a sacha tussi jam k v nai muqabla kar sakdy  Allah hu akbar
Drop a nuke now.
Visual dont show fear, chaos, anarchy. It seems rather a celebration... People are laughing
So finally ant has been successfully killed dinosaur America😫 Taliban💪💪🏼💪🏽
No comment
Islam is Parasite
Islamic extremism supported a broad majority of the Afghan people.  This is a culture gripped by religion.  Education, freedom, equality isn’t part of this fundamentalist world.  There’s no freedom in Sharia law.
In video People  seems to be happy and satisfied with new Islamic Government .
It'd be worth losing a BBC journalist just to JDAM the Taliban leader
He forgot to thank Trump for the early gift 🎁
it was a war on US people... LOL they paid 6 trillion and are now in debt and inflation hiting... they were just transfering the money of the people to defense companies now that its done they leave :) very simple LOL
There will be no rewenge
Islam have to be forbidden
He knows how to talk to westerners, however we all know what will happen when all the cameras go. :(
Islam is the most evil religion
I hope the good men and women of America are willing to invest their tax dollars to prevent humanitarian crisis like these in the future. America needs to build a world government with rising super powers to maintain stability and minimize violence. UN is so weak
Does anyone believe this guy ? We all know what will happen now……..and it won’t be pretty !
I would't trust a word he said.
a sign of things to come
Leave them all to it, Allah will protect them.
We all know this is a lie.
Definitely lying.
what u expect frm them if the women put on a bit of tight dress they shoot directly...n u are talking abt their policy....they only will kill the innocent with the allaha huakbor slogans...this will be their policy
Taliban must be killed...immediately
Women women women.
17 years ago . Bush , "Mission Accomplished !!!" . And Here we are . I really can't wait to see his face ...
At 0:30 seconds: There is that "P" word again that sounds so beautiful, but is insidious; lulls into Laizzes-Faire, those who have little choice, producing fear and unfairness to the good people supporting the government.
2 years from now they will seek for a western country to intervene on their behalf. This same man will be the first in line for refugee status.
Always knew this war in Afghanistan was useless.  Islam is a portal to 7th century thinking. An indoctrination ingrained in the psyche of the poor and uneducated. Guns and missiles are not the answer. Don't really know what is.
The secret of the Taliban's success is how they treat the people of their country and win the hearts of young people and women. attempting to suppress social or religious persecution is the beginning of the failure of their policy.
How I tell my kids that US and NATO can not defete these talibani 🙄 Where is OIC
Who needs Afghan Commandos for hire? They are out of job.
russia "we learned the lesson within 10 years but the usa took 20 years to learn that ..." ha ha ha ha can't stop laughing ..
Suhel shahin gave diplomatic answer.☺️
The country is fucked up. This is an end game for all.
So are the BBC going to slam biden in the news like they would trump, I prey for the women and children of the country
Street dogs got much more brain than these idiot taliban,   terrorists Otherwise can you imagine humans are traveling to Mars here group of people taking a nation by force to centuries back
9,11 part 2
Its over. Allahu Akbar. Over over over.  ✌✌✌❤❤❤✌✌✌
They are not at the gates now! They are at the airport.
I definitely do not have historical, or military, political experience or qualifications, But what the absolute fk did you expect, withdrawing British and American security in Afghanistan 🤔🤔🤔
Good. Lock the borders. Sanctions by the whole world. He is a liar. It will go back to the same crap. Keep in mind this is foretold in biblical stories of this beast system rising - there it is in Adghanistan.
Three person should be arrested for misleading people.  Bush USA Blair UK  Fogh Denmark
tbh USA didn't help Afghanistan at all lmqo
Is she stupid they need to take over and then work a system….is she egging them to war….you failed for 20 years
Imagine all the money wasted in Afghanistan over 20+ years, was used to transition the UK into a fully carbon neutral country
What's wrong if it is Burqa? Our culture is ours. We don't follow your definition of hijab. A secular lady is teaching us what hijab is. Very stupid.
اللّه ہو اکبر  نعرے تکبیر اللّه ہو اکبر
Once the initial Taliban euphoria dies down.   The Tribal, inter family warfare will start.  This time, there is no Ahmed Shah Massoud “Lion of the Panjshir” to help the Afghan people.  As for the eventual Taliban leaders?    I’d back the faction who are being supported by the Pakistani security services.
Trillions of taxpayers' money gone in vain. Either you should finish the business or don't take it.
Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. . .Hmm throwback to the 90s
Al Qur'an : They planned and Allah ☝️ also planned and Allah ☝️ is the best of planner.... Alhamdulillah ☝️ Finally, the afghan people got independence ✌️ alhamdulillah ☝️ Love ❤️ from Hyderabad deccan ❤️ india 🇮🇳
Dogs got much more brain than these idiots.
See the man lashing out with his rod, a sign of things to come?
No power
Imagine spending over $2 trillion, 20+ years...just to lose it all in a couple of months LOL..... Taliban is the most resilient foe the world has ever seen
shame you usa
Taliban zindabad
We have internet today. This SHIT retarded ideology called ISLAM has its days numbered!!
A lot of people are blaming  Joe Biden for pulling out and abandoning Afghan people. I have a contrary view, if the young people i can see in these videos are happy joining the Taliban, why should the US continue to waste her money on these people and their country. There is no way the US should continue to waste resources because this was already going to happen . Even if it is 100 years from now.
The Afghan government is weak, if the Taliban didn't take it someone from the west would.
This is all about the belton road project Isreal  Russia and China will take over the middle east and the smart citys will get built.
he means the shuttlecock hijab.
Congratulations to the citizens of the Islamic Emirate
Well Fcuk...! here we go again..   Poor Decision made by Trump (The Dumb Guy) to retrieve Americans forces from Afghanistan and Biden "Corrects" It and saves the day by sending 5000 Troops as a Startup Gift to Afghanistan ... Ah...Classic...
Usa itself is the root cause of this issue. Without any reason in 1976 when Afghanistan was modern, peaceful and progressive , they created and nurtured extremists.
BBC: what type of hijab you mean? Taliban: a hijab that can help women to stay safe from bad eyes. BBC: what type of government you gonna set? Taliban: a government that will not allow pornography at least.
*EUROPE will soon be packed with afghan refugees*  _in a matter of days ..._
that's why Donald Trump was far better than biden
So basicly the Taliban have changed the story, there will be no revenge, women  going to work and schools, all of a suddin. JUSt  so they can have peace from NATO and noone attacks them. But in all honesty they are gonna do what is in their blood. Revenge and implementing their own version of  justice.
Ass kicked by a few bearded men in Toyotas lol
Yeah the revenge suppose to be with America
US actually didn't withdraw. It handed over the region to Taliban. That's what seems like
And of course, we should take him for his word!?
Mashallah subhanallah next mission kashmir keep my words
America responsible for all of this.
“How blessed are those who know their need of God; the kingdom of Heaven is theirs.” – (Jesus of Nazareth the Messiah, at Matthew 5: 3) –  Where we shall avoid all religions; even that of the pope and Christianity, because religions are all led by the many false prophets who are misleading us. When Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by the Lord God, to be always our one Teacher…  These are the words of the Lord God:  “I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –  “Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –  “If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –  “God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –  “In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –  “Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –  “Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –  “Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) –  “Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –  “I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –  “When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you.  In your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard.  Do not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him.  This is how you should pray: Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name, Your kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven, Give us today our daily bread,  Forgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us. And do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one.  For yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever.  Amen.  For if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –  “Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –  “Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets. Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –  “I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage. The thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –  “Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) – “I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –    “I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) –  “Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –  “Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –  “The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’  He called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven.  Let a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea. Alas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –  “Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) –   “An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself.  Everything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) – “There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –  "Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) – “However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –  “Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)  Yours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Sunday the 15th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.
Was his mouth moving ? .... well then he's lying 🤥
We are the serpent for the people
Taliban zindabad
Yea.... I don’t trust them. I bet they still treat the women& child like shit
Law is working for a country not the entire world , it is time to use your law in your country . You must not dictate it to any one , democracy does not force any one .
It must be true, we all know muslims don't tell lies
Lol sure okay whatever you say.
The people to blame in order for the Taliban in Afghanistan:   1) Afghan Government - for being USA’s puppets and lying to the people that they will end the taliban  2) Pakistan’s Government - For not allowing the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan (called the Durand line, created by the west) to be finalised. Also, for not destroying the Mujahideen in the 70s which has now grown and been renamed to ‘Taliban’.  3 USA - For creating and funding the Mujahideen, then sending them to Pakistan and Afghanistan, then leaving them in Pakistan, and for renaming them to ‘Taliban’ and then for remaining in Afghanistan creating havoc and then leaving because they don’t want to kill max 2K talibans. And this country claims to provide HUMANitarian aid and LEAD the world.  God help us all.   I open this thread to productive discussions and opinions :) 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
presenter didnt just let the bbc down with that attitude and line of questioning, she let the whole situation down.
ALL IS WELL ...Yep the BBC spoke to the Taliban and the BBC can confirm everyone is going to be just fine... Now the big battle begins as the Taliban rape the Country to fund extremists all over the world..100% motivation in drug growth and human trafficking .. 100% more Exodus of it's brothers in boats into Europe and the UK and then on to Canada and into the USA ..Russia,China,Pakistan,Turkey and Iran moving arms etc.to Afghan "Taliban" Government ... tick tick tick
Don't even think about blaming Trump for this shitshow.
OMG😱😱😱
What's the difference to hezbola in Lebanon hamas in gaza and taliban in Afghanistan?
Praying for the children, women, and the elders of Afghanistan
Biden for not fighting Taliban (or for not protecting Afghanistan so no war) should be awarded this year Nobel Peace Prize
solution:  four boxes, every man and woman chose a box and put a little bit of paper in it.  the box with the most bits of paper in it wins.  and whoevers name is on that box runs the country..  five years later do it again.
🐖🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷
Those who doubt the Taliban leader's promises. They should remember, Even if the Taliban do not make this promise, nothing will happen to them.
Who are you to ask them about what clothes the women will wear? Did muslims asked you about the clothes your women are wearing??
This guy Suhail is not even Afghan..
Vietnam all over again
#Sanction Pakistan =free Afghanistan 🇦🇫🇦🇫 #Sanction Pakistan =free Afghanistan 🇦🇫🇦🇫
Suhail Shaeen is very clear in his speech and ideas.
Looks more like a gay parade 😅
Islamic emirate of Afghanistan....next stop....Islamic emirate of Palestine
Do not trust Islamists.....
Then why they killed and humiliated the dead body of the surrendered army commandos
How many Push me Pull meeees do these beautiful and peaceful people have to suffer during this test of faith by the faithless. I do not identify with the Taliban as true followers of the core values of Islam, as It does not make sense to me how they can say they are! based on their current interpretation of their own texts. They present themselves as scholarly but I only detect a widening gap, between religious self expression and the corrosion of the freedom of an individual to personal levels of visible or physical observance and in that observance as blanket Orthodoxy as lacking in credible examples of any expression or application of theoretical logic. Perhaps they can learn better ways of applying the beauty of Islam to their own lives, as the Majority of those who feel that connection seem to be the best of people. Maybe the kind people of Afghanistan could help to teach them some humility too. Let us not let this happen again and again and again. Let's give these people a break and let's all focus on what is truly important right now! We all need each other more than we ever have right now and there is only room for LOVE on this crazy spinning lump of metal we belong too so lets help each other pull it together folks! Heave ho me Hearties as I do believe it is coming about so thyme to *LOVE WITH ALL OUR HEARTS*
Anyone wanna buy some ANA rifles never been fired and only dropped once 😅
Toyota takeover
To all those who died-you are remembered. To the President of Afghanistan who dithered and did not work with NATO forces, this is the outcome. To the Afghan people- you have had a taste of freedom, I hope youcan make it in your own style now....whatever that is. Maybe there is a chance for peace now.Maybe.
Didn’t get the answers you were expecting there did you BBC!
New
Wait for six months
so Taliban also have a PR team I guess
Taliban's are the real freedom fighters of Afghanistan....
when we see a taliban spoken person speaking.... show JOE BIDEN LOST THE CONTROL OF WORLD COME BACK TRUMP! REAL PRESIDENT !
Pakistan's strategy has worked thanks to Biden. They now control Afghanistan by proxy.
This was never about women’s rights
You are a great liar Taliban commander, your soldiers disguised themselves as Afghans and even women and entered Afghanistan and killed civilians. If the world believes you, it will be a great disaster for Afghans
☯️⚜️🤴⚔️      Sincerely Yours, King X
Hypothesis: There was never a USA misunderstanding of Afghanistan, there was never a USA Intelligence failure—it was all planned: MIC soaked up the last penny of the trillion or more $pent on Afghanistan, now time to move on to the next conflict.
Remember Farkhunda Malikzada!
Taliban is basically a Toyota advertisement.
20 years, undone in two months #Afghanpeaceproccess
Kabul doesn't look very diverse. Why don't the BBC mention this.
Ggggg
BBC need to worry about western women who became lesbian, single mums, transgender, non binary etc
Mubarak Mubarak Taliban 😍😍😍😍
The President of Afghanistan is a Tailban leader
*don’t believe a damn word those slimeballs say*
The arrival of Taliban would at one hand shape international  politics anew besides it would precipitate culture revolution around the world, as the West and other societies have lost their social moorings.
So now the BBC have signed up to be the voice piece for the propaganda wing of the Taliban . No surprise here then.
Ppl keep blaming the U.S. but not their own politicians and not even that stupid false religion.
nobody from the west should be interfering in the eastern countries politics and wars.
Guys stay tuned  Hollywood will  entertain you by releasing  multiple movie's based on heroic actions of american soilders leaving Afghanistan
US makes bombs and bombers China makes trains and tracks US bombs while China builds US whines when China wins Peace better than wars
Lol taliban learned from American politicians. Just lie, its simple
That was so easy for them to take over,,,, it means 20 years of time, soldiars lifes, civilian lifes, money everything else waiting to be scraped in the last 2 weeks!!!! what was the point?
I am so sorry for you guys everyone say you guys sold Afghasitan country to Pakistan Army's call Talbans Afghans stop say about peaceful Country with Talbans Pakistani Army ISIS
taliban ist china dog.....
Who the fuck trust their words!!
Send an army of transgender soldiers. "Ahh, Ahh, dude looks like a lady!"
Moderates will always return... extremists will not last.
Why is it such a problem that Afghans want to run Afghanistan ? I’m sure they will be better at it than the Americans and British.
NATO soldiers died for no reason, or go burn in hell 🔥
To be honest I prefer seeing women in hijabs rather than the indecent and scandalous clothes that is being worn in the west
Well they will be under taliban govemet, yes they will be stupid reporter like this one, or devil worshipers motivated media, you have to wake up, that taliban are people who will have Afghanistan, they called pashtoons..! And brothers of there own religion..! Farsi Tajik uzbik and hazara..! They all belive in Islamic brother hood..
Why fuckin BBC interstate like this gatout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wC10VWDTzmU&list=RDMMwC10VWDTzmU&start_radio=1&ab_channel=BobDylanVEVO
UK is responsible for this Izlamic carnage in Afghanistan
And they say Taliban is not supposed by Pakistan. They have a Pakistani spokesperson. No revenge on Afghans…there are already accounts of force’s marriages, rapes, and killings. I would say that is taking revenge on Afghans. Death to Pakistan and it’s proxy war against Afghanistan. Shame on the international community and the US for being robbed blind by their so called Allie Pakistan. The panjabis had u fooled.
Where's Biden? We've found Waldo. Now the search is for Biden while the Afghans suffer.
If it wasn't for Toyota pickup truck , world would be a  peaceful place.
What a joke. They’ve already started executions.
So bbc asking  a terrorists  🤣🤣 ans assuring  they will not  destroy
Looks like Taliban hired some good PR people  No revenge, as long as everyone falls in line and lives by our extremists rules.  All women has to cover there faces
Didnt biden say afghanistan isnt at any imminent threat, just a few weeks ago?
In 57 Muslims countries no one have vito power if it justice?😁😁 equality?😁😁😁
Trump was the one who started about pulling out troops and dealt with the Taliban. But more importantly, the US and its allies lied about what was going on and the world swallowed it in the same way the US lied about weapons of mass destruction and attacked Iraq and destroyed it.
"There is also a lot of concern from women in Afghanistan, in Kabul, they have been writing to me, they have been texting me, they are concerned that you will reimpose the regime ...." No no, these are not 'women in Afghanistan', these are westernized female afghan journalists. They don't represent afghan women. We should hear more about more fair and general afghan women perspective and concern rather than the western concern about afghan women like this. They think all women around the world think the same.
Yes Muslims need a Islamic emirate
this must be true its on the bbc
hundred of thousand Taliban living in Afghan capital for long time waiting for this moment.
I can hear the Taliban laughing from here 🤣😆nieve 🤣😂mugs🤣😂just tell them anything 🤣😂nieve 🤣😂mugs 🤣🤣🤣
Full steam ahead on this story the mainstream media propaganda war machine. The big question is WHY?!
They cannot be trusted
next israel
Omg evil is on the doors ... Another Bin Laden is about to be born... America sowing the seeds once again well done boys
You do realise that these people lie about everything don't you? This is theatre, nothing more. You honestly believe that the leader of the Taliban gets on the blower with a BBC presenter? Wakey wakey it's all fakey fakey.
