Theo Von seems like an utterly unpleasant individual. Dan had the bravery to even attempt that drop.
I think Theo should be one of your guests.
LOL i forgot how funny this is
Theo was funny for about 2 months 10 years ago. Now he is just a garbage human
Theo Vaughn makes me want to vomit.
Bit late to this, but the whole defense of Theo being a comedian trying to get a laugh doesn’t sit right. There’s so many people who are genuinely funny comedians who don’t tear into someone for a cheap laugh. Look at it how you will, I just don’t see the point of being so negative.
Dan you already had video footage of the interaction.
I just watched a video of 2 blokes watching a video of 3 blokes watching a video of 1 the original 2 blokes doing a skate fail.
It bugs me that the guys in the video were talking about it like Dan didn't know he was going to fall and look goofy...  It seemed like that was the point. They had a video of someone dropping in well, so get a clip of someone doing it badly.
Fun fact: Tony Hawks son is married to Kurt Cobains daughter. So Frances would be Tony Hawks daughter in law and Riley would be Kurt Cobains son in law.
It’s impressive honestly that he actually committed WAYY too hard to the drop in. It’s usually the other way around. Better slamming on your side because your overcommitted instead of slamming the back of your head into the ground because you didn’t go for it enough.  Also though don’t drop in like that if you don’t know how to skate🤣🤣🤣
Theo is kind of a douche.
You two are a class act
dan should be very proud. no one gets a drop in first try unless its like a 3 foot ramp, and the guts it takes to slam down on a 15 foot ramp is insane. I can only think you were able to do it because you'd never experienced that pain before lol.
You should practice and then ask to try again
Dan; you're still a effin legend!
Not many people would have the 🥜🥜  to drop in on that ramp. Mad respect for giving it a try.
The name drop will smith doesnt hit has hard as it once did
Still no comment from Tony? Shame.
I'm so sorry, Dan. That's the funniest thing I've heard in a long time.
I dunno how i should feel.. the two guys were not fun at all. cant see how the slowmo guys can be so cool about it. respect!
so Will Smith slapped his name over your name on your lab coat?
Christ, Theo and his idiot buddies are so difficult to watch.
As a skater,  id tell you with absolute certainty, that you cannot and will never ever for the rest of your life,  ever drop in an Olympic pro sized half pipe...I would have informed you that what, happened,  is exactly what would happen...as if I'm some sort of psychic...
"I did a heelflip, nollie body varial" "... ofcourse dude"   😂
The thing I'm stoked about the most out of all of this was that Tony gave Dan his board. You may think "oh he has loads of boards why would he care?" But even with access to all the skate hardware they could want, trucks and wheels take a while to "break in" and a skater will often go through multiple decks before they actually replace the wheels and trucks so Tony was probably riding with those for a few months and had got them nice and worn in so to give them to Dan is quite a big thing imo. For a regular hobbyist skater a set of trucks and wheels can last years.
FKNG I lost it when Theo goes 'so d'anyone ever think you were Daniel Tosh?'  *closes window*  😂😂😂😂
that was the worst attempt to drop in. How did both feet end up off the board?
You handled the razzin like a champ.
Now we need the 'Tony Hawk reacts to Dan Reacting' video !! 😄
HAHA, bonus points for ending on "So you ever get confused for Daniel Tosh or...?"
I think it's odd that Theo went so harsh on you guys but maybe that's just the mood he was in that day. You guys would frankly make a great subject for one of his interviews with your long career doing all kinds of interesting stuff in slow mo.
Dan we love you so so much.
dude they talk so rudely what :O
I don’t think Tony made fun of you.  Theo definitely did😂 and Tony was kinda put in an awkward situation, since on one side he didn’t want to be mean or make fun of you, but on the other side couldn’t help himself laughing about Theo‘s jokes cause they‘re hilarious and so is Theo.  I would take it with a grain of salt, but you probably did Cheers
No clue who the other two guys are with Tony. I’m sure they’re something but judging just from this clip I’m not a fan. They don’t know a thing about Gav or Dan but they immediately start trying to find anything they can to belittle. Reminds me of high school bullies.
i'm so glad i found this. better late than never.
Gave, you have to invite Tony for a cameo without Dan's knowledge sometime. 😂😂😂😂
1:00 gavins face is the best
Dunno if that guy would make the throat clearing comment once he knew how handy Dan is with most firearms...
It's the bond you guys have that is so amazing. Oh, and you met some skate guy one time.
I am two minutes in (i.e: haven't seen Dan's reaction yet)... This is the sweetest video to friendship ever. I love Gav's pure enjoyment in giving his friend this moment :)
Tony Hawk should make a Dan character at his video game! Like a special character...
Brilliant!
Theo is the best dawg lol
Dan is still alive
Mostly based commentary by Hawk, to try and keep the hosts on track with the video, but he seemed super annoyed that Dan had taken the focus of the video away from him
Dan is a beast. Took it like an absolute champ and he's able to laugh about!
jesus theo COOKED you boys hard hahaha
Theo Von is so annoying...but this is gold 🤣🤣
Dont get what theo was getting at he looks just as much like an average guy as dan and gav. Maybe he just thought it would be the funny thing to say cause you were in lab coats and doesnt know its a bit
Fun fact theo von pays his opening acts next to nothing
"I coughed up stronger things"... Someone please tell this "comedian" that Dan is a combat veteran from Afghanistan in an explosives unit in the UK military. He has more balls than the majority of men around the world.
I need a tony hawk reaction video to this video
It is obvious that nobody commenting has even skated. Skaters laugh at bails and rip on each others failures all the time. And they are first to laugh at their own failures. It is the culture. Skating is about falling down and getting back up.   Because if you can’t laugh about it, what are you going to do?
you guys are good sports. haha
People are skating for decades and they'd still freeze on top of vert ramp. This Dan guy has some crazy commitment, amazing
Legendary
In my opinion it's the opposite of what they said. I think it takes a HUGE set of balls to drop in on something like that with zero experience.
that clip made me not like theo as much
it takes so much bravery to drop in on even a 4 foot ramp
hilarious, shame theo von had to be there.
Dan not getting to meet Will Smith must have been a real slap in the face...
*dan, ex military most dude bro dude* "yeah what a wuss"
I strive to have the humility, self-confidence and courage of Dan.  I may not get there but its a good target.
Dan don’t be embarrassed. That’s a mighty ramp.
"Does anybody think you're daniel tosh ever" lol perfect random transition by theo to end the clip
I love what these two do. I came to watch slow mo. I stayed for their friendship
"Do you think any celebrities have any anecdotes involving us?"  I hear Simon Pegg may have one, albeit unknowingly.
Can someone help me? What watch is Dan wearing?
Theo is so clearly trying to play up to Tony Hawk while Tony seems pretty chill about Dan and Gavin. It's like he's the kid at school that wants to hang out with the older kids, kinda sad.
Gag looks tired. Get some sleep lad
Funny how 2 lil nothing burger boys are poking fun at 2 guys with more reach than 10 of then combined
Kinda crazy Dan's head didn't touch the ground when he went down on the ramp
Gavin's knowing look at the camera at 1:58 is just grand.
Dan is so cool!
“I’ve cleared stronger things outta my throat” as if Dan hasn’t served as a weapons specialist in the BAF. Did Theo Von serve? I dunno.
Bunch of clowns is so correct lmfao.
"THESE GOONS WOULD GET BOILED" ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS
this is the funniest thing ever hahaha
Lol it’s even funnier that they don’t know he was in the military
Is Dan wearing a Tissot T touch? Not sure but it looks good
Comedian guy “I cleared stronger things out of my throat!” Dude, you’re a comedian! Statistically that means you were bullied and dealt with it by trying to be funny. Don’t act like you’re some sort of big hulking fighter, you come off as sad and childish.
Id like to see Theo attempt that. alot of big talk out of him.
Dan, I respect the effort. You were clearly scared and full sent it anyway. Much respect, bro.
Truly roasted. Well done Dan
That's one way to have the wind knocked out of you
love how the guys rip into dan and gav pretty hard, but they're so pure they got the mike w. "I was on TV!" reaction :D
Theo von, a person that makes a iving telling Jokes has the audacity to call out another man's manliness? Righto champ.
Aww poor Dan
I learned two things today. 1) Dan made an impression on Tony Hawk. And 2) Theo Von is one of the unfunniest people I've ever had the displeasure of seeing on this platform. Ugh.
Dans such a good sport, i love the bit where Dan checks if the cameras recording as the laptop is opened up.
Someone needs to show their guns videoes.
2:52 Co-Lawn. That's a pronunciation I didn't know the Brits did!
Tony Hawk was not harsh at all, Theo and the other guy went in though.
Dude dropping in on your first quarter vert is nutsssss the balls that takes. Some skaters for yearsss won’t even drop in a 5ft bowl. Theo Von is a comedian it’s kinda his job to rip into stuff but he went a little hard if you ask me probably cause of the other dude. I guarantee they wouldn’t try dropping in on vert when he knew he couldn’t do it.
I love seeing the dread set in in real time, you should have gotten that in slomo
Theo Von is the real clown, that dude can have guests like Elon Musk and have a conversation about peanut butter with him. "Peanut butter is yummy right, Elon?" "...yeah."
It’s really funny them talking about how wimpy they look when Dan was in the military.
That was very endearing, well done lads.
Calling theo von a comedian is like calling a dead fish a 100m sprint world champion
You were selfish for this dog.. You were trying too hard from the start
Tony even said he was morbidly curious before Dan attempted it, lol.
Oh.. kinda mad at theo von for that one.. dude is funny but id didnt expect him and (whoever was the other weird guy) to be that petty over someone they dont know
“At least CPR your homie, dawg”😂😂😂😂
Honestly Dan has some huge balls for dropping in on that ramp. He just went for it TOO hard and missed the ramp entirely XD
It shows Dan's humility that as a combat vet, he didn't get up in arms about the mockery of him as being "weak," even though he'd have understandable reason to. Good to see Tony didn't mock.
I appreciate that Tony didn't rip on Dan like the other two did.
tony hawk is cool but those two other dudes he's talking with are toxic af. you can see regret washing over him that he brought up the anecdote
I can feel the cringe burning him from here 🤣 Also Theo Vonn is an idiot. Get the impression he's trying to sound hard in front of cool dude Tony.
Who’s the clown laughing at Dan? Does this clown have a name?
Lol now get Theo to clear things out of his throat in Super Slo Mo.
Considering the fact that Dan is a combat veteran, I highly doubt Von has "coughed up stronger things".......
Tbh once i stepped a little too far over a curb so more than half of my foot was past the curb and I fell over, tooted and broke my foot ... at least Dan's was gnarly ... honestly
I only disliked this video because of all the unnecessary trash talking.
Theo is brutal in his comedy, definitely falls into the "shock comedy" genre. I love him but, being on the other end of his barrage of rare insults is a unique experience, holy.
I just watched 2 guys reacting to a video of 3 guys reacting to another video at 2AM🥲
you got the whole gambit of english accents in this video from australian to socal to southern american to brittish
Yes Dan you have video evidence of Tony hawk talking about the time you have video evidence of meeting him you absolute plonker
Buddy making of them, meanwhile Dan was a soldier in the Royal Army 😂😂
Instant dislike of the guy on the left.
I really think this video is the funniest thing on the entire internet. THIS is what internet was invented for and the best reason to never shut it down!
Lol what tossers those other hosts were
Eurgh I just do not get the appeal of Theo Von.
Two British dudes know how to take a roasting and just laugh about it. Loved it guys what a laugh.
Firstly: Dan, there is absolutely nothing to be embarassed about. You tried it and failed, there is no shame in that. Shamefull would have been to not try it! Secondly: How cool is that Tony Hawk will probably never forget you Guys? :)
What a delightful video.  And only a year+ late to the party.
watching you guys is funnier than the pod cast
Keep in mind podcasts are cesspools when it comes to AW TOTALLY reactions from people who wouldn't otherwise have anything to add. In a vacuum of sensible dialogue and too many cooks in the kitchen, one-upping each other with insults is an easy road out
jeez, "comedian" is an overstatement for that guy. He sounds like a drunk bro making fun of other people.
I'd bet Dan has almost died more times filming Slow Mo than proffesionally blowing stuff up in the military
These comments are almost as funny as the video. So many softcocks can't take a joke, not even aimed at them 🤣
Anyone that’s locked up on vert knows that feeling.
Poor Dan.
I would break my wrist right now just to hangout with Tony Hawk.
You dudes should watch some Theo Von. He's hilarious.
The other interviewers were being absolute A-Holes about it, but at least Hawk didn’t join in the mockery and was kind and funny about it. He’s probably told that story much more nicely to other people
Theo and Jason ripping on you guys was not really called for but some of the quips were very funny.
its funny how this comment section is offended for Dan lol Dan is laughing and he gets they are joking
Dan needs to learn how to drop in on a ramp and show up to Tony's ramp again and do it proper. Like doesn't need to learn any tricks just drop in and carve a bit. That would be a sweet video
Well at least I know your fans can't take the smallest joke. Everyone here is crying about a joke you guys laughed at. How sad
To be fair to Dan i think that was a pretty good attempt for his first time.
Good on you for just rolling with those punches. A tactic that might have served you better when you bailed into the bottom of that ramp.
This was great! 😂 Dan, you're a good sport! And super brave to try dropping in on that!
Theo Von is one of the least funny people on the planet
This video wasn't slowmo but it also captured a PERFECT moment
I haven't laughed as hard in a lifetime. This is pure gold
this is the most pretentious comment section i’ve ever seen. calling theo von unfunny because you’re sensitive on this guys behalf is just baffling
OMG how did I not know about this?! I've been a huge fan of Hawk V. Wolf since the start, and I remember episode clearly because I was wonder why the F they had Theo Von as a guest. This is fantastic.
I love this video
Theo Vonn is rather funny, IDK who the bald guy is
Respect the effort
Actually hilarious.
dan should totally learn how to skate/drop in and have a redemption video
Theo is just joking btw. He’s constantly lying and blowing things up that’s his schtick
That Theo definitely has a masculinity complex lmao. Dude keeps going on about them unaware ones a firearms expert. I've seen homeless people with better hair than that
I got the craziest second hand embarrassment but also how many regular people have done crazy things like this
I'm sorry but the only clowns in this video are the two hosts Tony is with...
Theo probably didn't even mean that lmao, he just found a joke and went with it
Task failed successfully.
watched at 0.1x speed like a real fan
Thanks for the laugh (:
Why is everyone crying over them having a laugh over the video Jesus Christ 🤣
I realize this is a year old, but I had somehow not seen it before??? I'm literally crying, laughed so hard there are tears in my eyes. I can say with total confidence this is the funniest video i've seen this year
It's weird seeing Dan and Gav talk about Tony hawk the way I talk about Dan and Gav
I think I wouldn't have wanted to watch this if it were about me
What an incredible crossover
Lab coat= Scientist Lab coat+stethoscope= Doctor  Get it right, Theo.
Bold to be roasting someone with that haircut and goatee combo.................... bruh.
Legendary honestly.
Everybody agrees: Dan is awesome!
Y'all don't have your feelings hurt! Theo von is going to make fun of a dude.
I feel of all people, Tony Hawk would remember people, just because of the existential meme that is his career.
Theo von is really not as funny as he wants to believe he is
:( gav didn't helped...
Say what you will, but Dan did make the jump. It's easy for someone who has the most experience in the world to make fun of a first timer, but Dan stood there and he went for it.  Good on you Dan!
Really proud of you, Dan. Fair play.
I never liked Theo Von's comedy. This just solidifies it.
A bit rude...
Pure perfection on so many levels! 😎
If only they had slowmo of Will Smith when he assaulted that guy more recently.
I don't remember Theo ever being this mean, always a larrikin but never a 'bully' bully.
Awww Gav and Dan's little look when Tony Hawk says "You heard of the Slow Mo Guys?"
This is weird. I wasn't expecting to see Gav and Dan in the same video as Hawk and Ellis. That was a gnarly drop tho.
Theo "just for men" von
Just found this, great 2nd channel vid!
0:56 this guy has better social skills than my social skills teacher
Aww! Poor Dan! He's such a great sport, though.
It rubs skateboarders the wrong way when we sense that someone is using the sport solely for attention. On the flip side, we're super supportive when someone truly wants to learn. Think about it, you have frickin Tony Hawk in front of you and you don't even ask for a mini-lesson beforehand? Instead, you decided to just walk off a ramp with cameras rolling. Clearly that means that you're using the moment for reactions, and that is indeed clown-like behavior
That's just the whole persona of theo von podcasts, making fun of every single random shit ever. Tony himself i believe just takin a piss, that much bravery for a guy to do that and failed spectacularly is not a flash on a pan, rather it's something else.
genuinely teared up laughing watching this
how tf do you manage to segue from “slow mo guy takes hard af fall” to “bro you look like daniel tosh”
Theo Von was not being too hard you, fellas.  He is a comedian, and does have some funny material, but it is not my style.  Having the legendary Tony Hawk talk about you is a very high compliment.  The whole crew in that interview was trying to be funny, and it really is (I think) a sincere form of compliment.  Gotta say, Dan, that was a gutsy move..... "A" for effort.
I'm assuming "theo von" is the long haired guy? This is what passes for "a comedian" these days? So all of my classmates in school at 15 were comedy geniuses. Seriously, what a loathsome disgusting bully.🤮🤮🤮
poor dan
If only these "comedians" look knew that these two people know as the slow Mo guys are some of the coolest people on YouTube. I don't think they know what they have achieved lmao
This video would have been great if it weren't for the fact that those other two nobodies were complete f*cking wankers.
That was your best video ever for laughs!  I was grinning through the whole thing so much my cheeks hurt.
These two videos can help if you're going through a hard time :-)  https://youtu.be/vXg9wWIN-Xo  https://youtu.be/3n-DOKBffuU
This is Awsome!!!
Epic love to see it
dude on the very left was super obsessed with manliness
... Savage.
I was dying cuz as I was anticipating his statement about farting when he hit but instead said "the whole time he was falling" i fucking died, I made some noise, then another noise, a while being unable to breathe XD
I'm laughing at Tony Hawk's face before he tells the story, as the hosts just keep saying "Yeah. No one would ever do that" and he's like "Well,  um... so"
This is too fuckin funny omg
Skaters always quick to trash talk, but they used to respect people who did stupid stuff like that because it took balls. Now they just talk smack. The scene has fallen a long way. And Theo is a racist tool.
I think it's really rude that these guys mocked Dan like that. Something like this doesn't qualify as comedy for me.
So a few years ago I learned to go for a pee before watching a Slo Mo Guys video.  Today I did that luckily cos during the course of this video I laughed so hard that I cried, snorted & farted multiple times. well done guys, well done👍👍👍👍👍
Tony was cool about it but those other two guys were such douches. I'm glad I'm not the only one who felt this way.
so did Dan move to the States or just visiting here? :)
Poor Dan, took serious stones to drop in like that and some mullet wearing trailer park trash is trying to throw shade
As of today it is confirmed that tony hawk remembers this.
Dan's always ready to poke fun at himself so it doesn't surprise me that he took it so well lol
Dan the man truly is so damn cool !I love you two so much !
I love the two guys who I have no idea who they are because of their niche following are dogging on two guys who undoubtedly have a much larger following that totally understands why Gav would drop into a half pipe knowing it won't end well. You took that like a champ Gav, and I have no desire to find out who those goons are. And Tony Hawk... He's just freaking awesome.
This is hilarious.  Those guys were hard on Dan but hilarious at the same time.  Their first impressions of the Slow Guys are funny.  All of us subscribers love Gav and Dan, but those guys just saw some weak, dorky guys in lab coats 😂
Honestly, I think the "clowns" were the two guys interviewing Tony there. I'd like to have seen their face the first time they stood on top of a vert ramp, and the epic mess they'll have made of their own pants back then.
Hahahah I was reading the comments thinking it would be some nobody’s making fun of them but no it’s Theo Von  He’s a comedian and that’s just what he does
Would they work with Will Smith now that he's a violent little man?
I had a buddy that told me about meeting Michael Stipe (R.E.M.) in a small bar in the 80's. He said "I should have punched him in the face." When I asked why, he said, "He surely forgot about me by the next day, but if I had punched him in the face, he'd remember me forever!" :D
At the end of the day... Dan doesn't have a mullet.
You guys are effortlessly 1000 times more funny than anyone on that podcast
Gavin and Theo would be an amazing podcast these funny ass mfers would click so well
holy shit theo von the best comedian and slow mo guys my world imploded
Respect to Tony for knowing that what Dan was trying to do was difficult and treating him with respect, and to Dan for having a great sense of humour about his wipeout ! Takes some bottle to try that. Brilliant.
All these clowns in the comments section going after Theo lol It's a comedy podcast, take a joke and not take what he said at face value.
You can't take "Bro Babble" all that seriously. These guys spend 90% of their air talking out their asses. The remaining 10% sucking each other's. If you can't respect what Dan tried, you've got no credibility as a human being. In the actual video of Dan's fall with Tony Hawk, the comment thread is nothing but praise to Dan from skaters, most of whom saying Dan fell because of the weight of his titanium balls.  And a bit of respect to Tony is lost for playing the narcissist card. "This was supposed to be about my trick, but then this became the whole thing of the day." I mean, dude, you're doing one trick for a couple of Youtubers with slow mo cams, you're not being studied by CalTech, ease up. I'm glad Tony at least hyped up what Gav and Dan do, but then he falters and gives into that middle school peer pressure. Theo and Jason need to stop sucking each other off like a couple of 13-year-olds and learn how to give props.  Insult comedy only works if you're insulting someone who signed up for it and is there to take it. That was just insulting Dan behind his back, someone they don't even know, knowing Dan couldn't and wouldn't do anything about it. And they didn't even give that kind of ribbing to Tony, who showed up on their podcast, knowing who they are and what they're about. Theo and Jason are clowns with exhausted 2000s comedy. SpikeTV died guys, let it go.
The stronger stuff dipshit clear out of his throat was Tony’s semen
It is the epitome of insecure ego when a lifelong skater has to criticize a regular dude out of his fortè. If you want to prove your manhood, get on his turf and not tuck tail. I know he would.
Those Clowns didn't know The Slow Mo Guys, that's the real embarrassment here.
0:13 Is that an audio book voice I hear Dan??
That Will thing did not age well... I'm assuming it's now a GOOD thing that Dan didn't work with Will now. 🤣  So.... +1 for Dan? :D
For what it's worth I'd be more stoked to meet Gav and Dan than those podcast guys who I've seen before or even Tony Hawk and I grew up playing his game as well.
Skaters are like kids trying to be cool that are in fact getting old and cringe asf. Dan did something that requires quite a crazy amount of guts and knew what the risk was, he took it because he really didn't care as much about the possible pain, not because he was trying to do some trick. And above all he farted in Tony Hawks face... Who's the clown?
tony hawk will 100% recognize u  xD and i know he doesnt hate on u in a bad way, you made him look really good u know
Funny take by some comedians but you've definitely got balls for leaping off a 15' wall
Everyone seems to be saying that tony was cool about it and the other guys were being dicks, but I disagree, and hear me out.  Yes, tony was clearly treating the situation differently than the other two, presumably cause he knew dan and gav and had a pleasant experience with them. However, the other guys, not knowing anything about dan and gav, were given the information that dan failed, broke his wrist, and farted. They were not attacking him personally, more so the ridiculousness of the situation. They used dan and gav as kinda generic subjects of the joke, as opposed to genuinely insulting them. Even their direct insults are generic, like making fun of the lab coats, it seemed they are more so making fun of the concept of someone wearing a lab coat as a uniform trying to perform such an extreme stunt. Everything is about intent, and I can almost guarantee you their intent was to add commentary interesting to listen to, not to make dan or gav feel bad.  That being said, it is completely fair to criticize them for perhaps being insensitive or tasteless, but to their audience, their commentary is probably really funny. They are not trying to appeal to slo-mo guys fans, they are trying to appeal to their fans. Idk, it just seems to me that dan and gav didn’t have a problem with it, and found the video funny, even going as far as to show it to people, but then their audience feels the need to come to their defense. Like I think that’s super endearing if there is serious harassment going on, but lets’s not make a positive situation negative right? Like the will smith slap. Was chris rock’s joke funny? Perhaps not, but it was harmless, and will took it a step too far. You guys getting offended by how they treated dan and gav are effectively doing the youtube comment equivalent of slapping chris rock.
why does this clown have to be so disrespectful? Calling them clowns while looking like one himself...
Now in addition of Tony Hawk being recognized as someone looking like Tony Hawk, it's gonna be Dan at airports and elevators being noticed by people as "you look like the dude who farted on Hawk..."
I know this isn't the place to have beef as a fan, and you guys did have banter about the interview.  But those hosts are vile, man...I can never stomach their shorts.
"why didn't he CPR his homie?"! xD cracked me
"I've cleared stronger things out of my throat than these dudes..." he says about one of them that literally fought in Afghanistan.
💚💙💚💙
buncha babies here who knew
Dan...you could easily take mullet guy in a fight. XD
Good laugh
I love that the longer Dan rants about him breaking his arm from 14 feet, the bigger Gav's smile gets.
That guy on the left is so 80’s, both in his style and his values.
Wow those guys suck
Those guys were obnoxious
Your videos are great. I have a question suggestion. Is there anyway to film the human body’s nervous system in slo-mo?  I am not sure it’s possible but maybe a doctor could give some ideas.
podcast dudes were absolute dicks about Dan, absolutely no need for that. Don't talk shit about someone you don't know anything about. Glad to see Tony didn't appreciate the shit talk tho and just trying to tell a story. Mad props to Dan knowing he would wipe on the drop , did it anyway and laughs off that he ripped mad ass in front of his childhood hero.
The sign of a REAL MAN is when he can laugh at himself while others are laughing at him... Hey Dan? Are you single? I'm sick of posers and crybabies...
"look at these clowns" what an ass.
Dan's a fantastic man!
bravest thing ive ever seen.. doc johnny ukraine
Theo von is so casually ridiculously funny
At least you don’t look like Daniel tosh though
man, those guys were fuckin assholes. But Tony seems like a genuinely nice person to not join in.
Bruh why is everyone so sensitive
You shouldn't be embarrassed by a fart considering what you did. Fart and a broken bone...not bad, imo. I would be proud too, Dan. Tony Hawks is just the Boss!
Dans a badass and everyones like oh he farted the whole time stfu
Wait why were they so mean
I hate this comment section. Clearly Dan and Gav thought this was fun, but apparently everyone else is offended by it.
9:42 "hey, aren't you the guy who farted on me?"
Dan has a lot of courage, he does all the slow mo stunts, a lot of those many wouldn't want to go near. But Dan seems to have fun and stays safe (most of the time)
Amazing
Im a little offended that Tho Von shit on you guys tho. I may not listen to his podcast quite as much as i used to
Tony Hawk and Jason Ellis are the fuckin greatest duo. Hawk is chill and calm... Ellis is a fucking MADMAN
A reaction video to a reaction video
Those two podcast hosts just seem like shit people :P Dude... He went full in on a halfpipe, knowing he didn't stand a chance. You need some massive balls to do that!
I love to see his reaction to the video. I’m surprised Tony Hawk didn’t give him more props on the podcast. That was such a brave drop!
i love how you guys found the humor in them absolutely ripping into you, you two laughing and being good sports just made it 10x funnier.
try Schlieren imaging in slomo
You are one of my celebrity anecdotes, Gav. I met you in a Bar in Berlin and you were very nice.
The guys are super fuckin rude like why you know It's hard to drop in your first few times so props to him for even trying. Go Dan!
Theo Von is so manly. Such a man. Make sure everyone knows how much of a man he is. I thought noses were just for smelling, you can breath out of those things?
Considering the amount of things that Theo has smoked and ingested, "I've cleared stronger things out of my throat than these dudes" is an incredibly funny line! It was so cool to see these two worlds colliding, but I totally support the fans coming to defend Dan, especially since that other guy wasn't witty enough to not be rude.
Yanno, I'm sure Theo Von is funny on stage (maybe) I mean after getting his start early in his career by being on Road Rules or something but he just sounded like a mean a-hole there and wasn't very funny.
I find it strange that someone who wears camo pants, is not in the military, has a mullet and pubes growing on their face, and has little to no medical experience and proceeds to talk about how stupid/idiotic someone looks and that they should do CPR on someone with a broken wrist.  Maybe experts should stick to their respective fields. Maybe - dont be a c_nt.
DAN you are the Fing man. DONT forget it m8
Gotta give props to Dan for trying a big vert drop in especially with seemingly zero experience trying to drop in prior.  Vert drop ins are bloody terrifying
some of these comments / replies are actually sad and are some of the softest people in the world. Dan isn't mad (probably because he's old enough to actually seen a comedian before.) but everyone else is.
These guys are kinda deushy though
Wow, those guys are toxic as fuck
Theo Von isn’t funny purely because of his crappy “a’ight m8” patter
Man, that macho bs is so lame, didn't realise people still did that.  You rock Dan, keep being awesome. 🤘
That mullet guy is a bit of a prick isn’t he.
It's like poetry, it rhymes
Dat Sony record jingle
As soon as I saw those guys with Tony Hawk and the background, I knew they would be assholes.
The real clown was the host of the podcast
Jeeze be careful saying your reacting to stuff the fine brothers will sue you and try to take down your channel because they invented reacting.....
He expected a wholesome complement but nahhhh its the roast of a century
This video had me absolutely wheezing. I love you guys.
Funny how they make fun of Dans body shape. But honestly he looks great, I’m kinda jealous.
I never noticed how fucked up Gavs nose really was, now I know why everyone makes fun of him for it at RT
I'm so sorry friend but thank you so much for letting us experience this cringe with you
Im not really diggin the other two guys just shitting on dan, everyone at that scene knew the thought process and energy of the stunt. These guys (excluding tony) just hammered on him and kinda bullied him. Im sure its all just water under the bridge now but idk, seems like they’re on their high horse. Dan and tony should be proud
HAHAHAHA thanks for the laugh! I needed it
While this situation was hilarious those "comedians" were awful.
That’s hilarious! 😂
Love you Dan. Really harsh of those guys to talk about you like that when you give it your best shot. I did hope you would fart at the end of this vid when you stood up. That would have been mint! LOL
Theo von is one hilarious guy. It would be awesome to do some hilarious slo mo stuff with guys like theo von, chris delia, bryan callen, will sasso, and bobby lee. heck even team up with the impractical jokers and do slo mo pranks!
Those two guys on the podcast arent worth a spec of dust compared to Dan
The slo mo guys can take jokes way better than the people in these comments lmao.
That podcast host seemed a bit of a try- hard prick.
I can't even imagine Tony Hawk, a name I've known pretty much my entire existence as a true dude, telling people about a time I farted.
OMG their reaction is the best thing I've ever seen on the internet. The fart is legendary.
That half pipe was moving way too fast towards you to drop in on, Dan. Wait for it to slow down.
I love Dan and I understand where the angry comments are coming from. Just so you guys know Theo's whole job is to make mean jokes, it's what his audience likes him for. If he ever met Dan he'd tell him it was hardcore and give him a big hug.
My YouTube worlds out here collidin' man, gang gang. Also, you're the man Dan. Great sport.
Look at people sticking up for and coddling Dans ego. If he is so manly guys you should let him take this harmless banter on the chin. It's arguably much worse for him to stomach that random strangers feel the need to defend him in this situation.
Von commenting on the manliness of others is something else... Is he only considered a comedian because he's the joke?
Gang gang!
Totally agree with other commenters. Tony Hawk brought it up as a funny anecdote of someone falling hard and the two "comedians" were the ones that made it negative. Weird that they decided to call out Dan's masculinity for dropping into a giant half pipe with no skating experience. That seems like an extremely manly thing to do.
oh humble flash-in-the-pan Dan
It's one thing to rip on Dan's drop-in attempt, but to attack his manliness and other shit like that is just too much. Gav and Dan have a huge fanbase, and no one even knows who this douche is, so at least they get to have the last laugh.
While this was fun, it was completely ruined by that guy in the scarf. If that guy hasn't got fragile male toxicity not written all over it, I don't know who has...
7:20 The difference between UK friends and American friends 😁😁🤣
Dan is such a champ for just taking it on the chin and laughing it off.. Screw those two other guys man..
It's okay guys. The slow mo guys can take a little ribbing. They seemed like they were just taking the piss anyway, it's not a big deal.
Love this Dan your a great sport lmao
Theo Von is a stereotypical 90s bully, it's not funny anymore
Lmao Theo calling Dan wimpy makes me laugh so hard knowing Dan's in the fuckin military 😂
Dan is a total legend pure and simple.
WTF Theo!
Dan should be proud lmao
Who cares about Tony Hawk you've got Theo Von talking about you
Love you Dan! Sorry you broke your wrist, though. You're so awesome sir! Glad to see you back on Slow Mo Guys <3<3
Web redemption?
"You can't dress like a doctor and not do doctor s**t" This is Gavin we're talking about, the most we can hope for is for him to put Dan in the recovery position and hope help will come eventually.
It’s okay mr hawk makes NFTs. Until someone breaks more unfortunate news Dan wins.
The guy with a mullet has no right to 'clown' on anyone jfc
(just because the other guy on that podcast, Jason Ellis, is a tenuous segue for my mind to get to Hoonigan) you guys should absolutely do a collab with Hoonigan!
I’m assuming that after doing a couple military tours, Dan has cleared out some stuff stronger than Theo Von. I get he’s a comedian on a podcast, and this is literally a clip just a couple minutes long, but there’s a difference between comedy and just shitting on people.  Guy literally breaks his wrist trying to skateboard (for the first time?), in front of Tony Hawk, and that doesn’t take any courage? Maybe his comedy style is the driest  most sarcastic and meta I’ve ever heard, but I seriously doubt that. Sounded like he was being sincere.
Hey, two people admitted to sh*tting themselves in similar situations and Dan didn't sh*t his pants so, that's a W in my book.
Theo Von roasting Gav and Dan was killing me LMAO
Man, Dan I'm sorry that that story got told like that, but your a damned amazing guy for committing to the attempt! Was also hilarious to watch your reaction 🤣 sorry
Theo is the best guys. Idc what you do but you guys need to do some content with him.
Yess.!  I heard this a month ago and hope Gavin would talk about it on f*ckface but this is even better
Everyone is so upset about these guys riffing on Dan & Gav. Just relax and have a laugh about it, it's not that serious.
WTF so is that podcast host guy just pretending to be a cool guy who's actually a douche jock bully who belongs in an 80's movie? Like one of the bullys in The Waterboy or something.
Oh poor Dan
Don't listen to those dudes, Dan! There's nothing "unmanly" about the sheer unbridled commitment you went into that ramp with. You had 0 experience and plenty of audacity to try it and I admire that way more than some guy who knows exactly what he's doing attempting the same thing.  And you get to be an anecdote for Tony Hawk...even if it's cause you ripped a gnarly fart and broke your wrist.
Will smith definitely remembers the flame thrower video! Lol
Mullet man skateboard podcast guy is exuding some pretty intense insecurity ripping on a couple of British guys in lab coats there. Tony Hawk was class.
Probably not the first air biscuit he has ate on a half pipe. This is hilarious!
If those guys knew Dan was a military Vet, they probably wouldn't have been so harsh 😅
Dan is great on the Last Leg.
The audience in here is soft as hell. It's jokes people, live a little.
DAN! Everyone absolutely LOVES  you! Honestly! You are the reason  the 'SlowMo Guys' are sending it Every Time!
I liked the jokes, they riffed on Dan quite a bit but that's the point of most jokes, the host is there to make that podcast entertaining/funny so it's understandable the kind of comments he made. I hope Dan doesn't feel too bad about it and can instead continue to laugh at it.
Dads, show this to your sons, so they can get a good lesson in how to be manly without shying away from embarrassment or being a dick - some S class healthy confidence here.
Tony Hawk, Jason Ellis and some Theo guy..  Hawk is a legend,  Ellis had a vert style of a hero..  And Dan..  Has a skill the other two Clowns with Tony wish they possessed..
Is this the embodiment of the quote "you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain"?
It.hurt.every.time
Bro. Mullet homie is like a great antihero. He talks so much smack, but he does it every direction.  "Yeah, dude probably shit himself coming down" "Hell, man, I've shit myself on less than that."
Dan, have you ever realized that you are a person I truly respect not only for your skill, but also for your bravery? I have probably never seen someone nail as many unbelievably difficult things under super hard conditions, but also, you're not afraid to "send it", as people would probably say right now.  As for the two guys... I don't know them, they're probably nice when they're not meant to come off as tough guys. But if I had to guess - if both of them plus Dan all stood on the railing of a bridge to do bungee jumping for the first time in their life, Dan would certainly be the first and probably the only one of them to leap off the edge.
"Perfection.."  Indeed.
I’d love to see a cricket version of the baseball episode. You guys would likely understand it, too
This channel is way better with Dan. One of you should move to the other’s country, and America here sucks right now so I suggest you go the other way.
Best laugh I had in a long time! Dan, so good to have you back :)
Hahaha, about the "clearing stronger things from my throat" thing, while I could get the vibe from Gav, it seems funny to me considering Dan is a vet IIRC? Hahahahahaha
There were so many better ways the hosts could have roasted Dan that would have actually been funny - but they just did grade 6 insults - why would you want to listen to that trash level of comedy.
Don’t worry about the clown comments. It’s impossible to be insulted by someone with a mullet
The balls it took to drop off that. Most will never do that.  Your the best
The Dark Ages are officially over.
Welcome back, Clown. Tony loves you.
The very American toxic masculinity coming from the scarf dude in particular is disturbing.    Unpopular opinion: Tony Hawk wasn't being nice about it on the podcast, he kinda sounded bitter about not being the highlight of the day from my perspective.
Theo von needs therapy so badly. That bloke has been decending into madness.
Seeing Theo Von, Dan, Gav, AND the legend Tony Hawk in one video makes my day. (I get why people would hate what Theo Von said but it's his style, he doesn't know them. I've meet him in person and he is honestly a doll to be around. Super sweet.)
Good video to wake up to 😂🤣
Dan is very brave.
Hardest I've laughed all week. Amazing.
Dan is more of a man than Theo just for trying lmfao.
That guy on the left harping on about 'manliness' is a fucking tool. Dan doesn't have anything to prove, least of all to that guy
I'm laughing so hard I can't even finish the video
I feel kinda bad for Dan with those guys shitting on his masculinity. He served in the damn military 😅
a lotttt of talk coming from the short dude with a mullet ..... lol
I'm not gonna lie. That guy in the white shirt(not gav lol) really pissed me off so much
i love theo but the irony of dan being a veteran and theo saying hes cleared worse from his throat is so funny ovs its a joke but i love it
Can you really call someone a comedian if their brand of comedy is working off stereotypes and making fun of people in bland, shitty ways using quirky descriptions. There's nothing endearing or funny about shitting on someone for not looking manly. Idk man it's just fucking cringe honestly, but to each their own i guess.
"Carpet Bombed the Birdhouse and Kept the Deck" is one hell of a flex for the THPS generation, Dan.
Mate these two hard core mugged of Dylan Sprouse, when they worked with him, they had zero idea who he was haha
they talked about the manliness leaving dans body, but it seems pretty fucking manly to stand at the top of that ramp knowing youre gonna eat shit and still going for it out of pride because you said you would. very few people are man enough or dumb enough to do that
Props for trying to drop in on a full size ramp.  Dropping in on a ramp that big isn't easy and is scary as hell.  No shame in fucking it up .
This was absolutely classic!
God the podcast guy on the left really sounds like he has something to prove. I don't know the guy and I don't wanna know the guy.
Who is this greasy looking mofo making fun of dan for trying something new? How does someone like that have a podcast, everything he said was cringy.
Theo Von is my favorite podcast host I saw this episode when it dropped and I cried laughing at this story
Epic!
Theo Von talking shit about Dan, Dan would mop the floor with Theo.
Now we need a reaction video from Tony hawk and the other 2 of this video
No matter what those guys say, Dan's got some balls for sure
Why are people being offended for Dan? They're clearly joking in the podcasts, and the Slow mo guys aren't even offended. Geez.
This was hard to watch. Those turds are so un-funny i'm experiencing secon hand embarrassmnet.
Kind of funny hearing Theo talking about Gav and Dan without knowing that one of them did military service.
I have no beef with Tony, but those other two can eat crap. He calls them clowns but they seem like a bunch of bozos to me. It’s a lab coat not a doctor’s coat. And just the General way they talked was annoying. never change Dan, your a brave ass performer and a hell of a guy.
I feel like that’s Dan’s whole vibe.  He does stupid shit and gets hurt and it’s funny.
100% will smith remembers his slomo guys episode, maybe not gavin, but I'm sure he remembers the potato cannon and flamethrower.
If there's anything I've learned from these comments, many SMG fans can't take banter. Meanwhile the same guys they're fans of are crying with laughter.   Offended for the sake of it. Grow up guys.
It might be a little mean to do this and post it publicly.  I almost wonder if Gav is mad at Dan.  It is kind of funny.  Dan we love you, it's ok, you're a serious trooper for doing all the stuff you do on this show, and particularly this.
So good.
I feel like it's pretty shitty to rip on Dan that much when he had the guts to do it even if he totally wasn't prepared. The lab coats probably threw them off though, I don't think they picked up that you wear them as a joke.
what a legend
I didn’t realise how much I longed for a Slow Mo Guys podcast until now
Took it like a champ, Dan. 🏆
So cool Dan!
If Dan is a clown, then I'm a circus! Both Gavin and Dan are so much cooler than me that Tony Hawk would be God like compared to me LOL
Props for even trying. You didn’t land it cause the balls of steel
Tony and Ellis are my heroes I've never seen the guy on the left before but I don't like already and hes talking way too much trash I've been wanting to watch Tony's podcast tho
Now get Tony back in the studio and show him this reaction.  We need the reaction-ception!
i desperately want them to reach out to the podcast guys (heh) and get a feud going or something
Oh my god Dan was laughing at it and these guys were just riffing on a podcast and you guys are furious
Dan embarrassingly fell in front of Tony Hawk trying a skateboard trick, then farts in Tony Hawk's face, then gets made fun of on a national podcast about it and STILL is man enough to laugh it off on camera for all to see. We could all take a page from Dan's book of Manliness. No need to get angry and defensive. Just laugh it off. Be the cool guy. Be like Dan.
I love this! Could watch you two talk and banter about anything all day!
This is funny but those hosts are being really mean and judgemental for… some reason? Like obviously he’s not going to make the drop in, it’s for a laugh but to start taking the piss out of  Dan… like he was an explosives expert in the army. Very rude IMO.
I do feel annoyed that a guy who's face is partially melting and who's brain is fried from decades of drugs is giving you two shit. I bet he poos himself all the time to.
It's a reaction video of a reaction video...  ...inSIDE of a reaction video!
hasn't Dan been in the military? He must be pretty tough
We all know Dan would snap Theo Von like a twig
"Insult comedian" is a contradiction in terms. The two podcasters are assholes, no matter how funny Dan's reax is.
Damn I've missed Dan. xD
Takes a lot of balls to do that so confidently. Then fail spectacularly
Wow, what unnecessarily mean and untalented podcast hosts. Maybe if they were more like "clowns" I would have heard of them. Video had too much cringe with how seriously they took themselves after about 6 minutes.
Dan The Man
I love this.
That's ace. It makes it better than Dan farted badly too. Pure Englishman
Dan’s literally in the military and that guy has the audacity to say he’s harder than him 🙄🙄
I'm so glad these two are able to take jokes aimed their way. I know some Youtubers who would take it super personally for no reason
Haha "I can now provide evidence" must have forgotten that they already filmed it lol ?
Dude, that was epic... who cares what a comedian, that no one ever heard of, thinks!
Liked while the ads were still playing 😂 Love you Dan 👊🏻 That’s a fist bump and not some kind of medical procedure….
I don't like that they tore him apart so much, like picking on the lab coat and masculinity and whatever. Really low class. He was brave enough to try, and that's saying a lot.
The simpsons background disturbed me so much
That was funny as. Loved it. A mix of pity and full roast.
ahahahahahahahhahaha..."when he shit his pants" hahahahahahhaa
Dan was so missed. He's the everyman, and Gav is the camera nerd.
I would love a Theo/Slow Mo Guys cross over one day… That would be hilarious
I think those two guys who did the podcast where a bit mean spirited
I don’t like that Dan is the winner of life. He’s a great guy it seems, but for some reason the idea of him sitting on top makes me want to slap Gavin.
Next vid: Dan's army training vs Theo's trailer park training.
Wow. I’m surprised how much that bothered me. He went for it full guns and that took guts and has done some crazy tough stunts for the show. And, oh yeah. How many tours in the combat zone did these guys do? Oh, well. No one can be an expert at everything.
Gavin's excitement at the information that only he and the audience has that Dan does not is quite clear at 1:59 with that look
Can I just say that 0:14 could be my background and I wouldn't be upset about it
What I admire about Dan is that he knows he's about to take a shellacking, but does it anyway.
This looks like two meth heads trying to make fun of someone way more cool then themselves. Awesome video!  Glad dan is ok!
Jesus h christ, I've never so badly wanted to assault someone as Theo "early-access Mark Wahlberg" Von there, mocking a guy (a former soldier, indeed) for doing something four thousand miles outside his comfort zone and having the gall to insult Dan's "manliness" for doing about the manliest thing you can do: commit to a terrifying thing that even Tony Hawk was impressed by.
Lol those guys were proper dickheads about it. Real negative vibes. Would not want to hang out with them
You could say he made an impact.
Tony Hawk, Jason Ellis, You're Gonna Love These Guys! | TigerBelly 327  In that video, Jason Ellis comes across OK. He's got a bit of charm, he's seen and done things, he can be funny. If you listen at all, take in the last minute. There's mention of slow mo but it leads nowhere, at least not on air. Published a fortnight before the Theo Von video.
Theo is a funny guy but lets be honest Dan could snap him in half like a twig.
The only reason Dan failed the drop was because his balls weighed him down. I could never even attempt to drop in.
thats epic, and i dont use that word often
These guys are just dicks. Tony Hawk didn't come off very nice either.
When British politeness meets American podcast-masculinity.
Tony kept it civil, the other dudes were just trying to be insulting...
There are jokes, and then there is crossing the line. Those two seem like right d**ks. Fair play Dan for even trying the drop in, I know for sure I would not try it. Quite cool to be one of Tony's stories
Tony Hawk is SUCH a nice dude.
I wonder if Tony has seen this reaction. I also wonder if Tony is in Jackass 4
A part of you is a part of Tony Hawk right now, Dan.
A scrawny guy with a mullet "famous" for MTV Real World and a podcast is really the persona of masculinity and coolness to mock someone showing raw bravery
Every skateboarder is laughing their ass off even BEFORE you bail!! Good show my man GOOD SHOW!!
We need to see a theo von slo mo guys collab now
Good to see I'm not the only one who wasn't quite happy with Theo and that other dude in this one.
those pod cast host might be the two biggest loser iver ever seen.  i dont think thewy are doing it ironicly?
They clearly don't understand that he did it knowing he was gonna fall, your a legend Dan
I love the class on Tony Hawk not joining in those two guys being so underdeveloped in their comedy and maturity. Dan took it perfectly!
Theo Von can't be ripping anyone on their appearance when he looks like a failed genetic experiment to make a Raccoon crossed with A Billy Ray Cyrus song
thought this was gonna be heartwarming... instead i learned what's gonna be keeping Dan awake at night for the next few decades
Wasn't dan in the British army I don't think those guys ripping into him were ever in a war zone
Tony was at least just telling a funny anecdote, but I gotta be real, the other two where just pure assholes. There's joining in on the funny story and making funny comments and then there's just sad bullying saying shit like "The last manly bit of him just left."
Laughed all the way through 😂
If it's any consolation Dan, I've never heard of those guys before  Took guts to stand up there knowing you were going to fail, just for content
That "comedian" sure has some issues..
HHAHAH fucking theo
That is really strong talk from that skinny little wanker with the mullet. Also, if that guy is a comedian then Dan is a professional skateboarder. What a tool.
Tony and his podcast reaction mates didn't just roast Dan they crushed him and turned him into a charcoal briquette. Gav wasn't exactly spared either those which was delicious
Dan, having served in the British Army as EOD right? Is weaker than something this guy coughed up? Sounds like a lot of fragile masculinty walking right there...
well now I know I don't need to listen to that podcast ever... geez
Tony needs to see this video
It takes some intense courage to commit to a drop in on a ramp that tall, without prior experience on ramps that tall, in front of Tony Fuckin Hawk 💜 you're amazing
those guys dont know Dan was Military lol
the so called “comedians” are too old  their form of humour is something you’d see in the early 1920’s to 1960’s there should be a profession called “old comedy”
I lost it at dressed like a doctor 😂
1:58 look at the shithead on the left reset his face xD
Now I need a video of Tony Hawk reacting to this video
Man with a mullet questioning a combat veterans manliness lol He’s the real fucking clown in this video
??? The hosts are such dicks to him
you can't make anecdotal status without breaking a few winds
Got to love a heathly roast lmao awesome video!
Dan dude ! You got some balls !! Tony Hawk knows that for sure ! The guy on a podcast calls him self a comedian , yeah sure , laughing and insulting some1 who did something like this and injured him self , he is a loser in Tony's eyes for sure ! You are dumb thou xD for trying something as this as well hahaha !! But as I said huge balls mate .
Welp. This was a downer. What bunch of wanne-be-manly-men ripping into someone having fun.
What you have done here is gav, is sending a healthy amount of heat from your fans to those 2 guys.
Those little looks gav keeps giving to the camera is just classic 😂😂
Dont be embarrassed, embrace it!
I was too scared to drop in on like a 5 foot ramp.  Dan doing that is one of the bravest things I’ve ever seen anyone do.
🤣
The irony is that Theo Von is ragging on Dan for being a "clown" but Dan is an ex-military explosives expert who served in Afghanistan and is a thousand times more badass than Theo Von will ever be.
Man those hosts sucked
A mullet sporting, Real World MTV reject calling someone else a clown?
That was funny
This was amazing! Dan, you rock!
Now to get this out there/viral enough that slow mo guys and Tony Hawk are together on the same pod cast
I think Dan really deserves props for that drop in attempt even if he slammed hard. People who have been skating for years freak out and can't drop in on vert, that took guts, man.
I love when “comedians” just make fun of people and call it comedy, Dan did a cool and brave thing tbh
Man those other two guys were total pricks. Just really not funny try hard mean jokes. Nice to see Tony wasn't joining in though, I think they went meaner than he thought.
❤️ slow mo guys. Great stuff. Its okay Dan, you are a hero.
The fact dan can laugh at himself instead of mentioning his many achievements is so humble. Mad respect for the guy, a true badass doesn't need to brag
Not very oftern I lol out loud when Im sat by myself but this had me crying laughing. Made my day this and its only 10am. Its going to be a good day. Thx
So many sensitive brits, my gawd. The Rat king loves you guys, calm down, take the jokes with your tea.
If these guys see this video I encourage them to watch this channel
I want to see Dan fight that guy
The man who did a tour of Afghanistan is not a 'man' apparently
Dan is twice the man of those two jokers. Great story though.
"Look at these clowns!"
lol thank you for reminding me of the time Dan nearly shit his pants taking a fall. I can't see through the tears.  THose guys were assholes to both of you.
Dan you’re a champ
This is brilliant! Love you guys!
Get that guy who kept ripping our Dan onto the show and get some slo mo of him recreating some of Dans most painful stunts - that may help clear his throat for him 👍🏾 😁
Call out those podcast clowns and get their community to make them drop in at Tony's pipe!! Bet they are cowards 😂
Wow slomoception
Dan's just getting roasted. LOL.
I think the life lesson we can all learn here is: don't be afraid to fail hard and fart a lot, you might wind up as tony hawk's anecdote.
Absolutely love that Gavin knew the importance of recording this for everyone. First reactions are golden and underrated.
This was the hardest I’ve laughed in a long while
I love how the guy with the mullet and camo pants with a podcast is calling Dan a clown
christ those 2 "comedians" suck.
Excellent job on facing your fears and going all in.
Dan's a fuckin legend
Dan has got the biggest balls for sure, no one else in that video would even attempt it
Slow Mo Guys.... Gav and Dan.... Mr. Free, Mr. Dan have you considered doing a video with Ian from Forgotten Weapons? High resolution slow motion video of rare guns could be a benefit to history.
I'm impressed haha
I know who Dan, Gav, and Tony are.  But who were those other two f*cksticks?  Mullet boy and neck tattoo guy are not too impressive if you ask me.
This is just pure gold, pure f'ing gold
the reason Dan hit the deck so hard was because of the weight of his enormous balls
I love how defensive everyone is, Theo is a comedian and that's his podcast, he's joking around I wouldn't take it that seriously 😂
I cringed at Theos comments during this, he sounded like a middle school tough guy and the dudes 40.
Dan Dan Dan Is back, why didn’t anyone tell me, Dan ….we missed you
Dan, I would be so proud if that was me, no joke. That’s awesome!
tony wasnt harsh but the other two were brutal
It's easier to tease Dan from the safety of the ground. It had to take serious courage to even try that.
You should find an excuse to collab with Ellis. IDK what about, but the dude has very little regard for his own wellbeing and that usually translates well to slow mo.
You guys seriously underestimate how famous you are already.
Dan owned the day and the episode. 👍
SO DOPE to see Jason Ellis on Slow Mo Guys, even just in passing
Tony Hawk is like the coolest, nicest guy on the planet! These other two "clowns" just proved to me that whatever they're involved with isn't worth watching/listening to, they just drug you all through the mud for no reason. Kudos for Tony for being super classy about the whole thing!
that theo von seems like a real douchebag. that's all. you're entitled to your opinion if you think otherwise, idc.
This was the best!
This was so funny I had to watch it twice, this is just awesome
#DanandGavTogethetAtLast ❤️ my #YouTubeDuo 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Dan talking about expelling all the air from his colon but still manages to be wholesome.
Dan is deceptively tough I'll admit LOL
Two podcast comedians saying they cleaned things stronger than Dan out of their throats, not knowing that he is an explosives expert in the British army. Classic
I'm pretty sure Tony could do better than a podcast with Mullet boy
Doing what you did was nothing to be embarrassed about, you actually had the courage and curiosity to see if you could skateboard down the pipe and that's more than most people would do.  Also, who cares if you fart every living creature on this planet farts, which means most of the Air we breathe are dinosaurs to your neighbors farts so it's really nothing to be embarrassed about. Great reaction though.
Dan, don't feel bad, you earned some serious respect at the same time. So glad it didn't go worse...
Can we have Tony Hawk reacting to this video please?
Congratz Dan!
This is so funny!! I have secondhand embarrassment for Dan but I'm also proud as hell that he made an impression on Tony Hawk. However those other two assholes spun it for laughs, I'm sure it was a positive impression. Hawk has probably interacted with hundreds of thousands of people but our Dan blew his mind with a brave epic fall and fart. Not too damn many people would have had balls enough to do a drop in that high, and particularly in front of their childhood hero and their best friend that is guaranteed to tease them mercilessly.
That host was a proper bellend but full props to Hawks for being a lot more restrained and kind on the matter, there's the measure of the man in one clip.
redemption arc: Get down out to Braille skateboarding, do some slo mo, and have them teach him how to drop in properly
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Legends!
Theo and them saying Dan isnt’t strong or whatever is pretty funny given that Dans been a solider for a while a believe
That went so well!
Oh no Dan was insulted by a sad midlife crisis with a neck tattoo. I wonder if he'll ever recover from that "roast".
erm, which one of those dudes was a comedian? the one about flying fart, or the one about labcoats being reserved only for doctors?
Dan, we love you, and welcome back!
God damn it I've missed dan. Slow mo is great but your chemistry and his bravery are what make it so great.
Love how Dan admits he has done something stupid that deserves to get made fun of by pro skaters and yet most of these comments are people mad at the pro skaters for making fun of him? He isn't mad at them why are you lot? So much talk about how they should have done research into Dans military service before "questioning his manliness" while at the same time saying Ellis is the embodiment of toxic masculinity is pathetic. So glad to see Slow mo guys and hawk vs wolf in the same video.
I bottled it droppin in on a ramp a fraction that size. Dan got huuuge balls
Daaaaaaaaan the man
Team Gav and Dan here.
Dan’s reaction getting more views than the comedy clown.  Dan is legend!
lmao!!! XD <3
Jokes aside, that no name "comedian" who hosts that podcast was being real disrespectful towards you guys. Your camera equipment is probably worth more than what he has ever made.
Haven’t laughed so hard in a long time, thank you
That's wild he guess it right off the bat.
Man, those two guys who had Tony Hawk on their podcast were just not funny at all.
I can’t believe how many stupid things Theo said in that clip lmao
Is it just me or did you guys also get super defensive for Gav & Dan when these… whoever they are, starting ripping into them? Lol  I kept thinking - and you are..? 😂
Why is he just ignoring the fact that tony hawk mentioned he stunk of shît? Lol I get it’s embarrassing but get over it and just tell the viewers what happened…
Dan needs to stick a QR code on the bottom of that scateboard that links to the evidence!
seriously i would never try that and ive skated for years
This is so meta. I'm reacting to a reaction video of guys watching a reaction about themselves reacting in a real life siutation.
i kept nearly spitting out my tea. thank you for this birthday present
Nice to see Dan back.
I just started watching hawk vs wolf. Tony tells this story A LOT. I was hoping a video like this would surface thank you SO MUCH Gavin!
Dan, heaps of respect from me. No way in hell I'd try that.
Slow Mo Guys Reacts! To... Tony Hawk Reacts? To the Slow Mo Guys. Um, can someone send this to Tony Hawk and get his reaction? I don't think we've gone enough levels into the meta yet...
I’d love to see Tho’s face when he learns about Dans military record.
Slo Mo Guys > These Tools...
We love you Dan, you absolute madlad
Worth it
Damn why were they such assholes
Would be great to see Dan redeem himself with a proper drop in! On the same board!
I love how they aren't getting at all offended by this
I doubt Dan will ever read this, but he should have respect with the skate community, he committed to the drop in even if he failed miserably, I have seen many a skateboarder including pros scared to the point of chickening out from dropping in from that height.  I dare say majority of skaters wouldn't drop in from that height(mostly because most skaters aren't vert skaters).
I forgot Dan dropping in is just him jumping in to the floor from 14 feet
Dan, I hope you will stay with us in the US for a while.
Lol, amazing. The roast made it that much funnier.
Wow they’re not very kind. I can only respect you for trying stuff, those guys are just scared protecting their little worlds
Someone tweet this to tony hawk
Dan is brave as to try it
Props to Dan for having the balls to try the stunt. Shame on that co-host who does nothing but shit talk. So lame.
Please enable auto-generated subtitles. YouTube won't let me because the uploader (you, Gav) have it disabled on your end for this video for some reason.  Also Dan, it was very manly of you to attempt a drop-in like that with virtually no experience. Don't listen to the guys sitting there saying "the last of his manliness leaving his body" when they probably wouldn't have the balls to do the same thing. It's easy to sit back and criticize without actually getting up and doing it.
When I grow up I want to be just like Dan 😂
Ok now I hate Theo Von even more
Dan is a hero. If I'd fallen that far it would definitely have been be a shart. Probably with visible evidence.
Slow Mo ception.  Picture in picture in picture.
LMAO 🤣 🤣🤣 ! Thanks for tears of a Great laugh!
oooofffff Roasted xD that was hilarious, you may be both clowns but you are our clowns <3
Just came to say how attractive Dan is. And I love these 2.
You know, I've been thinking about this. I was angry when I heard their trash talk about both of you and especially Dan.  Dan: you hock up lugies with more intelligence than the two of those idiots combined You hock up stuff with more creativity than the two of them combined You hock up stuff with more manners, humor, and personality than both of them combined. They are shit to you. Their "masculinity" is based on bad manners and mocking others. Your masculinity is based on intelligence and creativity. Fuck 'em.  So keep your head up, Dan. We are here for you (and I guess Gav), not them. What they said about you and how they reacted, combined with how they made you feel? Fuck 'em.
Dude I’m so happy that Theo Von, the slow mo guys and tony hawk are all somehow connected lmao this was fantastic
This is funny and all but what’s up with extreme sports people just being the most insulting people? They just SEE Gav and Dan and start calling them names. Ugh
Absolutely wheezed throughout most of this video 😂😂
Be proud, dude! You know all the insane things Tony Hawk has seen in his life!? You went from zero to hero in one go!
Tony just didn't want a pooey skateboard back,  so he signed it and gave it to Dan!!🤣🤣  Thanks Dan, for putting your body on the line for our free enjoyment!!
@ 8:33  I disagree: Dan, you served in the British Army. Something tells me that guy ribbing you never saw a day in bootcamp.
Who is the clown with the mullet?
This is my fav Tony Hawk anecdote. Also that slow mo video is one of my all time favourite videos you guys have made to date.
That was great 👍
I’m glad Dan doesn’t need to prove his “manliness” like these two clowns. He’s got a lot more courage than they do for dropping in knowing full well he would crash. Glad he seemed to take the comments ok cause hes a champ for doing what he does and a veteran to boot! You’re miles above these two in my books Dan!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The ghost of his manlyness flying out his asshole 🤣🤣🤣I can’t breath
It would be awesome if Dan learned how to skate a little and dropped in proper with Tony later. That would be a great all around story
That was awesome you guys, I can bairly see through the watery eyes and my smile hurts, thanks. Good to see you guys back at it. Hey, make sure to send this to Tony cuz he will have a good laugh too.
This video make laugh so hard, brilliant! So happy Dan is back with Gav.
Holy shit Theo Von and Gavin free, my worlds are colliding. Just incase people dont know the podcaster is Theo von a hilarious stand up comedian highly recommend he might have gone in but he is the nicest dude ever and meant in all in good light fun.
Dan may be a clown but he’s our clown dammit!
Dan in admin mode -- sound check at the start, stop recording at the end -- vs. the conversation. There's not a hair's breadth of difference.
It's great seeing the two of you side by side again!
Love it lol
“You can’t dress like a doctor and not do doctor shit” 😂
Some sensitive people in these comments taking these jokes wayyy to seriously. Your lives must be rough.
Wonder if they'd have reacted differently knowing Dan's an army vet.  All that bollocks about manliness.
I'm sorry, but how are the douche duo (podcast guys) laughing at this? Honestly, one of the bravest things he could have done.
Gavins lil “no we’re scientists” 😂 at 5:12
Tony Hawk actually did shit himself a bit at a Demo with Adio in about 2001, at what was then called Playstation Skatepark, London. I was at the demo but you couldn't tell he had done it at the time.  But he admitted to it in an interview  I read after after. I think in Sidewalk SkateMag.
It is SO rare that a video makes me actually laugh out loud, I always see comments like "I'm dying laughing" and I'm like "really?" But... I was actually laughing out loud to the point where it was hard to breathe. It's like a once in 5 years occasion.
Fear of harm is respectable fear. Lacking a fear of making an ass of yourself in front of the world and a personal hero is equally respectable. Nuts to those podcast hosts and their toxic masculinity! I bet they wouldn't be so quick to mock if they knew Dan was ex-Army.
Dan, miss you bro hope to see you some new episodes
Dan is the hero we don’t need, but all want💪❤️
You know you;'e made if a legend's favorite happy story is about you.
Nearly crying with laughter at the fart description by Dan
I love Theo Von. Listening to him shit on Gav and Dan is something I never thought I'd witness. This is incredible
If only they knew dans military history lol
I like that they can take a joke even about themselves.
I was in tears rolling. Welcome back Dan!!!!
Lol I can't wait for the comments to flood Theo's podcast now and him inevitably invite you two on to the show.
If someone with a mullet makes fun of your lab coat, it just doesn't count.
This is a reaction of a reaction of a reaction
Yeah Dan you've achieved more than the F**kin steroid twins.
The only thing this clip did was convince me that Theo Vonn and his companions are assholes. They make Dan out to be some sort of pussy. Who would have the guts to do attempt that drop? I seriously doubt Theo Vonn would. Theo is the bitch that points and laughs at people who does have that courage, because he knows he dosen't.
Tony Hawk seems pretty chill about it TBH, it was the other two nobody's that ripped into Dan.
mullet guy looks like he saw a skate vid, bought an outfit n started hanging out at a skate park to be cool
Dan has more manliness just for attempting. Glad you pair are doing vids together again
I know what's on Dan's video resume now. 🤣
I loved every second
Dan is a real man. He can make fun of himself and walk away from anything, no matter who sees it. Theo Von would shit the life out of his body if he stubbed his toe in front of someone else.
I hope other people realize that this is a clip 35 minutes in a podcast that focus's on comedy, they realize he must be brave but the host is trying to be a comedian, a big part of what he does for a living.
"I've cleared stronger things out of my throat than these dudes." Meanwhile, Dan is an ex-army explosives expert and could probably ruin that guy with the push of one button.
Seems like Tony was at least respectful and it was playful ribbing, the dude with the bad mullet was just being an absolute prick and making baseless personal insults. Other dude wasn't a lot better, just wanted them to shut up and let Tony talk
I love Theo Von "Do people ever think you're Daniel Tosh?"
The irony of Theo Von making fun of the way someone looks. Bro that greasy mullet.
It's amazing how butt hurt about a comedian making fun of Dan and Gavin when Dan and Gavin are laughing their asses off about it. Y'all are a bunch of weak minded folks.
Hey guys I can already see the mob forming to defend dan, just wanna say on a podcast there's a certain feel to entertain and make jokes. You gotta remember they probably dont have any real opinions theyre just trying to be funny for they're audience
Dude, those guys seem like dicks. They'd never be able to even stand on top of that ramp without pissing their pants lol, let alone try to go down it. Tony Hawk is a good dude though, you can tell. Too bad his funny anecdote turned into them bashing Dan.
Dan the man who literally dropped in and almost dropped one out.
Don't be a shame Dan. You should be proud that The Legendary Tony Hawk sniffed your fart.
This was brilliant 👍
Dan is more of a man than Theo will ever be, and that’s coming from a Theo Von fan 😂
That went from Tony wanting to tell a story to the other two guys taking the piss out of Dan for farting real fast lol. Tony was going to make it a funny but cool story of how this guy took on the half pipe that most other people wouldn't dare and they just focused so hard on how you might of shit yourself. That's too funny lol.
there's not much going on behind that goaty
Getting made fun of by Theo Von has to be absolutely gutting but also hilarious.   It's also quite funny Theo and the other dude were making fun of Dan's manhood, meanwhile Dan dealt with explosives in the British Army lol
Wonder how many people are gonna find that podcast and rip them to shreds
Yeah, this is a great crossover.  I'm just happy they got introduced to Theo.
Crying laughing here!
Dan's next trick 🤣https://youtube.com/shorts/CwNhxh7k3X8?feature=share Dan don't feel bad, my first time on vert I had the board come up and hit me in the balls so hard I thought I popped them. 😂
Own that shit 🤣 that’s so good
This was hilarious. Great that Dan is back in the videos.
These guys can call them Gav and Dan clowns all they want.   If they ever get more subs than the main channel then, yeah.
Drop into stinky face plant? Dan is the hero that we might need some point so we keep him around and keep him happy and such and then one day he's like they need me!
Man, Theo Von's kind of a prick. Idk why he thinks he can shit-talk when he looks like Billy Ray Cyrus trying to cross over into nu-metal lol
I feel like too many people cant tell Theo is just joking and would never actually say and mean that to Dan.
Class idea, Free - and beautifully executed. Dan, you're a good sport.
The man who they're describing as "having the last shred of manliness leave his body" was an explosives specialist in the British Army who served overseas and who's taken paintballs to bare skin and nearly lost his ear for the channel. I'd really like to hear what the podcast hosts have done that makes them "manlier" than that
-  👍 👍 🔧  -
This hurts...in a good way 😂😂
Everybody in the comments talks how great it would be if that guy Theo had Gav&Dan on his podcast. Nope, that'd be a dead end, there's nothing to catch there. Instead, it'd be interesting if Gav invited those comedians to substitute Dan on the set for a day. A bit of drowning in baloons, a bit of mousetraps to the tongue... And Dan... He just could watch those guys failing and shitting themselves - no commentary would be needed. :)
These two need to do a podcast
lmfao freaking classic! trust a fart to always steal the show
Thank you for getting Dans response on camera!
Dan is the man that men should want to be. Certainly the one that women love.
That 14ft drop was for practiced, professional skaters, yet Dan manned up and when for it anyway. And if that wasn't enough, he freaking crashed, broke his wrist and laughed it off. What's not manly about Dan???
Ellis lives for videos like that
Dan is is free now
I hate that Dan was totally ripped into embarrassment for attempting a nerve wracking trick but I'm glad that he can walk away and rise above it
those two guys are so mean, at least he tried and do it for the people on youtube and we enjoyed it.
Its alright Dan, could be worse. You could be called Theodor Capitani von Kurnatowski.
Dan, military trained.  Some random punk-rock comedian, "I've cleared bigger things out of my throat."  Legit feel disrespected just watching this, how he had no patience or understanding for the fact they're playing characters and making content, eughhhhhhhhhh.
I'm so happy Dan is back!
Loved the reaction! But wow those podcasters have an interesting take on what is comedy
"I FARTED AT TONY HAWK" what a flex.
That's so funny dude lol I'm sure there's no hard feelings
Awesome. I do love how Dan is such a good sport about it.
Dan deserves kudos for that.  No one ever put that much into heart into a trick that ends up being a death sentence!
Glad I'm not the only one who felt like mullet-dude-bro-who-I've-never-even-heard-of was unnecessary with the insults. Not even funny insults, just juvenile. Having Dan back in the main channel's latest video was a highlight for my YouTube notifications.  Edit: Props to Tony for not jumping in on the cheap-shots.
Bahahahaha, Theo Von calling someone else a clown is absolutely hilarious. The irony of his comments go straight over his head.
Them guys goofing on you Dan wouldn't have done anything close to what you dared to do. Our hero 🥰
This would’ve been a hilarious video but Theo Von started talking.
Honestly, Tony should just change his name to Mike.  It would be the ultimate play.  The game titles would take on a whole new meaning. ;)
Gavin about to have to release this on F**kFace dang soo close
So glad to see Dan back!!!
That fart is  got some serious hang time now!
I get that they're comedians but why are they being such asshats about it.
Poor Dan! To be the butt of so many jokes for his suffering 🤣
These skater fuckwits having a go at anyone elses appearance lmao. Also how elitist, you could praise dan for having a go but no. Hope you dude bros see some of these comments
These skater bros talking about Dan like he is just some wimp lol, wasn't he in the British army for a time lol 😂
Honestly let that be a badge of honor. How many people can say they've farted in front of their heros and still not make it a terrible situation?
LMAO, this is the best thing I've seen in a while! Dan, I'm sorry your embarrassment is a source of entertainment for thousands of people. 🤣🤣🤣
"I've cleared stronger things out of my throat than these dudes," he's probably talking about that dck he still has down there with the way he talks. What kind of joke of a human wears camo pants and wants to talk shit on a lab coat. A joke lab coat at that. Typical poser who thinks being a man is a personality trait, gimme a break.
This might be the best video I've ever watched on YouTube
The fact that Tony Hawk tells stories about the day you hung out is absolutely worth being mildly embarrassed. Theo's jokes are really weak and low-effort, like if you are gonna make fun of someone, at least make it funny. Otherwise, that's so cool!
don't take things Theo says to heart. its just the way stand up guys are, they say the first thing that comes to mind just cause its funny. he's actually really nice and I think it would be awesome to see you all together
I wish theo von knew how much of a youtube og you guys are
dan went to fucking afghanistan. he’s definitely harder that those podcast hosts.
Everyone's soo offended on Dan's behalf 🙄 he did a mazzive prat fall and they take the mik out of him and Dan takes it all in a good way, nothing more
This is a prime example of when podcasts are a bad venue for story telling. I'd love to hear Tony's full, uninterrupted anecdote without the 2 goons. Dan is and remains the man. Way to laugh it off, champ.
Dan, you are the bravest dude I've ever gotten to see fall down a half pipe ramp, and you're so much braver than I am, and your humor about your bravery is the best part.
Lol hilarious 😂😂
If a comedian calls you a clown is that really an insult?
Dan is living proof you can transcend embarrassment into legendary
Them: “Dan’s not manly”  Dan: *was literally in the army*
It's been a long time since I have laughed on a Youtube video more than a little exhaust from my nose, but this time I really laughed out loud! Thanks Guys, cheers from Hungary
I know people listening like those two dudes were roasing him hard, and they were, but I am 99% sure Dan has heard and said worse in a motorpool. Insult jokes can be a bonding experience. It's all in good fun. He clearly didn't mind it.
If those guys then saw Dan choppipng arrows in half, or his knowledge of explosives, i'd say they'd think twice
Way to go Dan! You're an inspiration!
Theo’s the funniest
😄 love it
I know they're just messing but if those dudes knew half the shit Dan puts himself through for videos they wouldn't be talking so much smack.
They rude af y'all are fucking genuises
(:
As someone who really enjoys Theo, this video was brilliant lol
@4:55 watching a video inside a video in a fucking video
I love Theo Von but I’m not having him to about the lads like that B
A fragment of a beard and a laughable haircut is an interesting attempt at manliness, especially when the mockery is aimed at a former professional soldier.
Dan dropping in to the half pipe in the first place is an act of extreme bravery.  Good on him!
I love that Dan takes it on the chin so well. Class
"Did anybody ever think you're Daniel tosh ever?"😭
Awesome Dan! You guys do great work! I'm sure Tony Hawk watches your content to this day, due to your interaction, when before it was just his kids watching. You shouldn't be embarrassed. Your a braver man than me!
Best reaction video since 2 girls 1 cup.
Needs to redeem himself
Y'all are taking this way too seriously. Their job is to make fun of people and make others laugh. That's kind of their schtick. I highly doubt Dans feelings were hurt by what they said. All of y'all's feeling are hurt more than his.
That's amazing yet embarrassing
Good to have you back Dan, and more importantly together again 👍
Dan, you took that really well man.
"All of that manliness leaving his body" Excuse me, have you _SEEN_ Dan? He's what happens when you bathe the Vitruvian Man in good vibes.
Too Funny 😀👍🇨🇦
I personally dislike Theo, but this is pretty funny to see Tony talk about it haha 😄
Nah dan is a boss, these guys are stupid lol
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!!! YAY!
I know absolutely nothing about the two hosts of that podcast that Tony was on but I think if those guys spent five minutes listening to Dan talk about his military experience those two would be the ones crapping themselves
Jason Ellis sucks
lol they're making fun of dan's manhood as if he didn't just try something almost nobody does and took a hard hit like a badass.
I hate to say it, but this video was so much better than anything slomo. you two are such a duo. 👊
Someone has to link this To Tony's Twitter.
You guys have 14M subscribers.   Never heard of Theo.
Actually it was kind of humiliating, didnt like their comments on that footage
Anyone who knows Theo Von knows that he doesn't mean what he says, he just says it to make people laugh.
Gav makes beautiful films, but Dan has broken his wrist, taken a football straight to the face twice, and put his tongue in a mousetrap. He's the hero we need.
Too bad not everyone has a functional pair of ears. Couldn’t understand anything.
You can see Tony is actually annoyed that Dan became the highlight of that vid.
I so dislike these comedians... Such schmucks...
Come on Tony, you definitely have to comment this one 😂😂
Big ball clown
I never got to fart at Tony Hawk I've only severely injured myself skating and no one was there to film it so...
HE IS BACK
The guy with the ascot and the mullet talking about manliness?
What total and utter pricks. Good on you for taking it on the chin, though.
I did not expect such comedy gold
Can we get a reaction video of Tony Hawk reacting to Dan’s reaction?
Don’t worry Dan, we all love you and we don’t even know who those other guys were who made fun of you.
atleast you make us all laugh in the right ways dan, and put it this way, atleast you dont look like you are on some kind of "register" unlike mullet man oh but also he needs to be reminded of slow-mo gusy sub count and how many celebs have collabed with you guys before he talks about your video style
That's awesome. Also. I know it's fun and games, but i don't want to see those podcast "dude-bros" ever again. They look and speak and giving of vibes of an assholes.
Please, Gav, if you want post any more random Dan content here on the second channel, go ahead! We're starved!
the secondhand embarrassment…. hahahha
“Perfection.”
Theo Von is so funny. It would be amazing if y’all got on his podcast.
I don't know, but I think I'd be more likely to recognize you guys on the street than Tony Hawk.  Not to be insulting to him, but growing up where there was no pavement nearby, (either in the British or American use of that word,) was never interested in skateboards.  But I do find your videos entertaining, and thank you for sharing.
I have a comedian friend. He knows Theo, who knows Tony, who knows you! Small world.
I'm reading through all of these comments, and there are so many people being incredibly upset that they were insulting Dan. Can a single of of these commenters say they've never once called someone who's featured in a fail video a dumbass? Sure, they could have been more creative with their insults, but it's not like they did some egregious thing that should be holier-than-thou'd. They just roasted a guy who fell off of a ramp, doing something that he clearly wasn't suited for. Stop psycho analyzing this shit, Dan did something he wanted to try, fuckin' went for it, and ate so much shit it nearly came out the other end! And he laughed about it! What a fuckin' champ.
Yeah, have to agree with everyone here. Dan has a 100% the courage those two chucklenuts have, sounded like Tony was trying to give him props for even trying it but they had to over-talk him.
These guys call themselves comedians? All I heard were unintelligent insults. Is that what they call humour where they come from? I love how Dan can laugh at himself about it though. Top bloke. Real humble.
Dan, you owned it like a boss 👍🏽😁
Lmao they make fun of Dan like he's a clown not knowing he's an EOD specialist who's actually served his country.  And Dan and Tony were so gracious the whole time. Real gentlemen, absolute class.
I never knew there was a second channel but now that I know, 🛎 subbed.
Nobody who has the right to make fun of Dan’s physical courage has the need to. The man takes it on the chin for us viewers, sometimes literally.
They’re so disrespectful yet Gavin and Dan both get more respect.
The wannabe Lost Boy with the bad mullet is a nasty piece of work.
Oh poor Dan the man, bless ya.
Imagine having your hero making fun of you?  People might think ''Oh nooo'' and start crying. I'd go telling everyone!  ''You know Tony Hawk? He remembers me and tell everybody about it! He even smalled my fart!''
Subbed! Get your "here before 1 million subscribers" ticket HERE
Really 🤦🏻‍♂️ Mr. Mullet thinks he has a right to call someone a clown..😂
"These two clowns". Gavin and Dan. Dan the explosive ordinance specialist with the British Military.
Oh man, I about died laughing.  That was absolutely brilliant.  Dan was sitting their taking it a bit hard, but really we all love the guy more for it.  Hilarious.  6:42 this right here.  I'm still laughing so hard I'm coughing and crying.
That was super fun!
This is SO FUNNY
"the last of his manliness...". Wow, just because Dan couldn't do something that you spent a bunch of your life training to do, apparently that means he isn't a man anymore.   What a piece of crap!
maybe im being a bit uptight but those other 2 dudes seem like pricks. Like I get it theyre joking around but like you can only go so far.
I was already crying with laughter long before the clip played. Top notch content, lads. Good to have Dan back.
I am laughing so hard that I'm crying. This is definitely one of your best videos.
Dude's talking about "toughness" while having a mullet and a dirty Sanchez on his chin. lmao Those numpties wouldn't even attempt the trick that Dan tried. At least Tony is a super nice guy and didn't rip into Dan.
Poor dan 🤣
Me trying to watch  the fourth video in a video on my tiny phone but it's like 9 pixels 😓
Sheesh, y'all are taking it too seriously. I thought this was a solid video full of lighthearted jabs. Thanks for the laugh, gentlemen.
Slow Mo Guys ...awesome. True entertainment. Who the F do these has been skater dweebs think they are ... ! You should have faded away while you were still cool...  30 years ago ...
Aside from being absolutely hilarious, this shows what a class act Tony Hawk is, not joining in when the other two jabronis were tearing into Dan and Gav.
Sooo Dan,  that blast of gas left a lasting impression.  🤣
Those guys were pretty snobbish and harsh. But not inaccurate. 😆  Still love Dan and admire him for having the guts to actually try it. Insane.
Gav, your pranks on Dan are  hilariously elaborate! I love it! Your poker faced nod when Dan said Tony Hawk is worth at least one Oscar! 😆
That's awesome I haven't laughed so hard and ages 😆
You're too close of friends for how perfectly that played out.
Side-bros talking all that schitt but who's making bank and getting more views?  If Tony Hawk didn't show up nobody would even know their lame sk8rbro channel existed 😆
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Dude I just pissed my pants... Holy moly this cracked me up... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes Dan, NOW you have video evidence of that interaction, must have been a long wait, if only you guys had recorded that meeting with Tony Hawk and uploaded it to your main YouTube channel in HD, then you wouldn't have had to wait this long.
Watch them put farting Dan into the next Tony Hawk's pro skater 😂😂😂
I miss Gav's Covid catcher.  If it's itchy and uncomfortable look into decent beard oils and balms.  I use the cheap Cremo stuff from Walmart but everyone's different.  You may need to pay a little more.
I can't believe I heard this story on Tony's podcast without knowing who it was about. That's insane.
😂🥰❤👍
Wow those hosts have a lot of harsh opinions but I don't remember them ever doing anything memorable
Aww.. this is great dude. Btw Theo Von is a hilarious dude and he's a very nice genuine guy, it wouldn't be a bad idea for you two to be guests on his podcast some day. Ofcourse Im saying this from an outsiders perspective, but I dont think they were being too mean, its just a room full of comedians and the greatest skater of all time relating a story about two blokes filming him in slow mo and then attempting one of his stunts and failing.
I laughed so hard at this, and I didn't even see the original video. Maybe that was part of the awesomeness
One day I'll fart on the slow Mo guys and wonder if they remember me
Chef’s kiss.
I love how the hosts for the podcast were talking mad trash about Dan not being a man, when Dan is literally a combat veteran. Also props to Tony Hawk for not taking cheap shots.
The best.
This might've been the funniest Dan story before. But know it definitely is!
I want Tony hawk to react to this.
I like how Mr. Hawk totally neglected to say that he encouraged Dan to do the half pipe. That he egged Dan on. Just to make himself look so superior. Dan, you are the better man. You found the humor in it. Glad to have you back.
Him:"At least Cpr your hommie dog."  Me:🤣😂
LOL Theo Vaughn taking the piss out of an ex-military guy. Good luck with that
Well, Dan…we’ve all farted at an inopportune moment. Yours just happened to be in front of your idol 😂 😂 Love you both.
If you dont know Theo Von, look him up and this video will be even funnier.
How is it unmanly to go for a ramp like that with inexperience. Sure its stupid, but it takes courage to do it.
Dan the Man
We love you guys💜👍🤣
who else didn't know you were subbed to the slo mo guys 2?
I'd say the guy who willingly dives 15ft into a halfpipe he already knows he's gonna wipe out on has more courage than old Mulletman McPedostache and his mate the Tattooed Blunder From Down Under.
You are a goddamn hero dan.
You guys should send him an email and ask to be in the next tony hawk game
Someone needs to point out to this guy that these two 'clowns' have been entertaining millions of people for over a decade. I find his lack of respect very distateful.
This was amazing in so many ways!
"Now I can also provide video evidence of said interaction" You already did, you literally filmed it
Dan is a hero. Cant convince me otherwise
“I ate sh*t then s*at myself then Tony Hawk gave me sh*t”
The fart wasn’t a sign of weakness or anything embarrassing like that, it was just Dan’s natural defense firing off like a brazen skunk. He was simply defending his territory and that’s honestly quite commendable
The two guys who weren't Tony Hawk seem like they kinda suck tbh...
I hope theo sees this and tries to get yous on his podcast, it would be a good laugh
I like how theos clowning on the labcoats and at first glance it looks like he's wearing one
What a way to welcome him back to the US, Gav.  Wow.
I saw original podcast when it aired, now I'm excited to watch this
I love how much bravery it takes to attempt a drop in like that but instead of being praised Dan’s just being made fun of 😂
The rat king Theo von!!!!
Can't stand that comedian but that was funny
Wow those guys were just kinda assholes. Ripping on their appearances the second they saw them
Love Theo ganggang
champs
I'm so glad the duo is back together!
Don't know Theo, but this clip doesn't leave a great impression of him
Tony Hawk was just trying to bring up this funny story and those other two guys were just being such jerks. I think you can tell Tony Hawk was uncomfortable with how much they were insulting them. “Comedian” huh. The story was funny already without them being assholes about it. I guess it’s fine if Gav and Dan weren’t bothered though.
Who’s Dan
Dude... this is so incredibly epic...!!!
If someone with a mullet makes fun of you, maybe take it with a grain of salt. They chose to have that hair.
Dan is truly a legend.
Dan and I do the same soothing eyebrow thing
Dan is just the best. His energy is so good, I wish he was MY best friend ... lol. So great to see Dan and Gav hangin' out again, feels like things are almost normal again.
I'll give it to Tony that he didn't insult Dan, he just told the story. The two "podcasters/comedians" are just mean. Does anyone knoe if they are actually successful or just one of these "comedians" who had no following but a podcast network pays to make then seem relevant?
In my book, Dan is a hero!
I liked how, after all the joking, they still had to admit that the slow mo footage was cool
This may be one of the best videos I've ever seen.
Those guys were being so mean! They want to talk about testing manliness, how about they try watching a video like that about themselves and laughing it off like Dan did. Legend!
Dan is the greatest man on YouTube.
Funny thing is: I am so not into skateboarding at all, if I would ever see you two walking around with Tony Hawk, I would be an absolute fanboy: "Oh my God, it's the SlowMo Guys! But who's that guy who's with them?"
As far as I'm concerned- Dan went up there, and did a brave thing. He had ONE shot to do something he'd never get to do again, and he grabbed it. As someone who *has* blown it majorly that way (we're talking mind boggling hesitation), So what if he did come down like that? Ya can't soar till you've crashed. How many bones has Hawk broken?   Screw the physicality. You decided to go for it.
What a treat to have Dan back! 😅😂🤣
I would be a crappy famous person for this I would just forget everyone and not by a lack of effort not to
teehee
The fucking irony of calling dan not manly when the man drove a fucking tank in the army
2:52 Dan is so British that he can even make "colon" sound posh 😂
We love you DAN!!!! <3
Dan’s been in the army. Dan’s done some dangerous things for SMG. He has some big balls. There’s a fine line between insult for “comedy” and insult cus you want to shame them, especially when you know nothing about them. You have to be so bad at being funny that you have to insult somebody for comedy content lol. Imagine insulting people and calling it comedy.
3:47  This was the moment he realised he was about to get roasted all over again
How does the saying go? Never meet your heroes or else you'll fall off a half pipe, break your wrist, fart, and they'll remember it.
Lmao thanks for the laugh
just a brit, channelling his inner jackass, Tony's video game buddies have done worse
Oh man this is so damn good
I mean how many people can say they farted on Tony Hawk, and he stood there and took it in stride like a pro. You Dan, that's who!
I think we all knew the clowns were the ones on the podcast 🥴
gang gang.
Those guys.. wow. What actual bellends.
Tony Hawk seemed like he wasn’t too mean about it, he was just sharing an anecdote about a really bad skating fail, but the other two guys started really ripping into both of them. I’m glad Tony didn’t just join them in ripping into Dan because there’s laughing at a guy failing and then there’s insulting the guy. Dan knew he wasn’t gonna do the trick but he wanted to try something new and I admire the guts that takes to try something like that.
Poor Dan…We still love you. 🤗
That dude was kind of an asshole it take huge balls to drop in on a full vert ramp. I have skated my whole life and that shit still scares me.
Quality
For those unfamiliar with Theo his style of comedy is ripping on people, he insults his friends all the time for jokes so I don’t think he was actually being as rude is it may come across without context, I’m sure Gav & Dan would get a long with him if they actually met
This made my day, thanks gav
I don't like how they just make fun of you guys, feels very weird, no matter who would be the subject.  Much respect, Dan!
Yo gavin please go on theo vons podcast.
Those were some tough words coming from a dude that looks like a German football player from the 80s
You guys are champ's for taking this with a smile!
Dan's now got an icebreaker for life
I get that it's fun to rag on it but c'mon can't one guy just mention it was a brave thing for Dan to try? Not clever, but brave.
Thanks Gav, this made me so happy. And thanks Dan, for making this all possible. lol
How cool would it be to see Dan as some secret character in the next Tony Hawk game?(If they ever do another.) Like he's called "The Slow-mo Bro", has a cast on his wrist, and all his tricks are done in slow motion. or has some ability to do slow-mo... XD
I'm gonna remember Dan for the rest of my life, while Theo....pff I'll forget all about him in the next half hour.
GANG GANG
We can see precisely when Dan's soul left his body and he's left as a mere smiling shell of himself. RIP Dannyboy, 2021.
Lmao them calling Dan a clown makes them the clowns... These guys were at the forefront of YouTube and have much better quality than Theo Von lol
Mullet guy sure sounds like a dick, but Dan took this like a champ. Great vid guys. I laughed so hard along with you.
Thanks for the ez placeholder clip.  I know you guys are filming and editing like crazy right now.  Can't wait for the upcoming vids!
Watching their faces in the intro is so GOOD
That was so awesome.  Dan, you are a good guy for taking it how it was meant, in good fun.  Watched you guys from almost day 1, my kids love what you do.  Please keep doing stuff.
This is what construdes as "comedians" these days...
Tony seemed to lean into a bit but then other guys were just being jackasses about it. "That's the last shred of his manliness leaving his body". It takes a lot of guts to even try that, I commend Dan for it. I know I wouldn't have if I were in that situation. Funny for Dan to have been this story for someone like Tony Hawk, but the worst way imaginable of having that story told and I know I have 0 interest in ever watching anymore content from those two jerks.
How happy Gav can be with getting good footage, even if it's not slo-mo, shows how much of a good filmmaker he is. Dude is totally stoked at the end of this.
They're talking shit but end of the day Dan did it, what a man.
Honestly Dan, you’re a legend
now when ever ANYONE sees Dan they gotta hold their nose and point at him like, "heeeey"
Didn’t appreciate how insulting those hosts were lol. It’s their job, do they not have better content/comments/question to say than to bring Dan down faster than he literally fell? 😂
just find it baffeling they call you clowns
I clicked like just listening to Dan retelling the story. I knew this was going to be good 🙂
The guy is a comedian, if Dan can laugh it off then so should everyone else. It's not mean spirited, just in good fun
Theo von is one of the funniest persons in passing you’ll ever meet
Dude, those guys are dicks! I would never have the courage to do what Dan did. Fair play to him. We love you Dan, glad you're back!
If they make another Tony Hawk game, Dan should be the secret character you have to unlock.
Props to Dan for being a good sport!
1:58 look at that CHEEKY look right there
Meeting Tony Hawk would be an amazing event in its own right, but to become one of Tony Hawk's stories is fucking legendary!
What a blessin to get a roastin from theo von. Lovely crossover :D
The pair of you is a magical combo that improves the vids tremendously. Love the banter.
I'm surprised at all the comments hating on Theo and Ellis. It's just a bit of fun, at least Dan seemed to understand that.
I'm seeing people in these comments getting defensive over what was said lol It's a podcast hosted by a comedian, they're gonna crack jokes. Everyone involved, including Gav and Dan, know it's all in good fun
I think people put too much reverence towards celebrities. If I saw Will Smith, I might have told someone about it, but to me meeting Slo Mo Guys would be much more interesting and worthwhile.
you guys are the most lovable people on this planet.
❤
Oof, brutal. A+
Dan isn’t back for two weeks and he’s already getting pranked on lol
I love Theo Von. One of my favorite comedians.
Don’t worry guys. Theo isn’t strong at allllllll
Dan needs a digital picture frame which can display video to put this up on the wall next to the skateboard!
lol thank you for showing me this, that was great
LMAO ! proud of you dan !
Dan is now a legend! 😎👍
That's nice that Tony still remembers Dan, but man those podcast hosts are annoying as hell. They just insult Dan as they clearly have nothing better to say and are trying to lift their own fragile egos.
Great vid.  It's cool Dan was able to get here.
For people who don't realize, Theo Von is a stand up comedian. They weren't really hating, just making some jokes.   I'm so glad you got this reaction on video though! It's great to have Dan back in videos!
Theo talks a hell of a lot of trash I wouldn't take it personally, they were for sure just taking the piss. You're a legend for dropping in on that Dan.
Love the banter, the boys took it very well! On the flip side if you wanna see Jason take some gnarly wipeouts check out the video on Hoonigan where he's being towed into a ramp launch by Tanner Foust.
Wow!  There are some very thin-skinned people making comments on this video.  Theo was just making interesting content with a great guest.  Gav and Dan clearly were not offended in the least.  The guys understood the setup and the whole thing was pretty damned funny.  Life is so much more enjoyable when you aren't offended by every little breeze!
I have never cried laughed at a Slow Mo Guys video! This is now my antidote.
Let's be honest: Anything you have a minimum of competent proficiency in is going to be painfully difficult for someone on their fist try. I'm sure he expected you to fall, it was the fart that burned it into his memory. There are way worse things you could have been remembered for.
This was a brilliant video. Can't believe how well Dan set you up
Slow mo guys on Theo Von's podcast next please
It’s so good to see Dan AND Gav hanging out again.
There's no embarrassment here. That shit was brave to just drop in like that.
That's them Dark Arts Baaayybeeee! Slow Mo Gang PTL!
Its pretty funny Theo keeps callingf him weak etc... If it came to a fight i would back Dan over Theo every single day of the week.  cmon guys... youtube boxing is all the rage  these days....
Oh my god that is brilliant, I hadn't seen the clip myself either
There is no such thing as bad press.
Probably showing my age but all I know Theo from is road rules lol
Honestly, it says a lot about a man to get called a clown and get your “manhood” tested and just take it on the chin and laugh it off. Most that say things like that guy did have too much pride and would get upset if that was said to them 😂 didn’t phase Dan at all
The next main channel video will be like “So Dan’s back in the tunnel, somewhere under the Atlantic”.
The reaction should have been in slow mo.
in all fairness those guys ripped on dan so hard but they would never have been brave enough to do what he did, they even say it themselves, dan went up knowing he'd wipe out but still did it for everyones enjoyment that's worth more respect than being able to do the trick in my opinion.
Theo Vons podcast is hilarious!! Dan taking it like a champ
😘👌
What's your Wristwatch, Dan?
Awww yes Theo von and slo mo guys in the same place
Aw poor Dan lol. Cool that he got the skateboard though
Well that was pretty hilarious.
Amazing.
I don't think the mullet guy really has any authority to make fun of anyone.
*Betrayal*
Dan you are a true sport.  That was rough.
wait what when did DAN RETURNED?
I'm glad I came to the 2nd channel after watching the swim cap. Glad to see more of Dan!
I haven't laughed so hard forever ❤
God I hate these "we're cool" dudebros who need to talk shit about anyone "uncool". Yeah they wear lab coats, shut the fuck up :D I mean, I laughed, it's a great video, but the original clip is very far from my interests :D
With all the stunts Dan did you can't call him a weak clown. He had a clean lab coat here, usualy it's a mess.
the other guys are being a bit mean to you two tbh
Hahahaha vey funny, but a bit harsh from the hosts of the podcast but bloody funny.
Thats awesome
Don't worry Dan you may be a clown but at least you don't have a mullet.
Oh wow, those two blokes are a**holes.  Not that it wasn't a stupid idea to try that... but  the comments those guys poop out.  Sorry, can't really say this is funny or something.
That is so cool that you are now in Tony Hawk's memory. By the way: What happened to the idea of a "Best Of" Slowmoguys Bluray? Will that be coming anytime soon? I signed up for the mailing list, but have not heard anything about it in a long time.
Great vid
I'm crying laughing.
Gold
wow those guys are about as witty as amy schumer
And you said these guys were meant to be comedians? About as funny as a knife to the liver.
I'm glad you can take this cause I would have deleted myself from the internet
“I’ve already pre-clipped it for you”
Gang gang!
Oh come on now you have to do another video with Tony Hawk!!
Watching a video, inside a video, inside a video.
Theo and Jason (the guy in the hat) are brutal. I almost feel bad for Dan.
Funny a comedian calling Dan the military veteran weak. All in good fun though and Dan is such a good dude it’s no bother to him.
"That's the ghost of his manliness all flushing out" LMAO
giving us the content we never knew we wanted but 100% needed
Took less than two videos to bully poor Dan Glad to have him back though
His podcast is almost always funny.Theo is relentless but its all an act, by all accounts hes actually a really good fella.
Oh my lord yes.
Dan the man! Farted in front of Tony Hawk and broke his wrist and can laugh about it, there is nothing manlier than that!
Dam Slo Mo Guys Fans are sensitive, it's a raunchy comedy podcast, Even dan and gav enjoyed getting ripped on by theo.
i haven't laughed that hard in a long time!
Class
The moment that von guy called them clowns and didn't who are they while making a totally not funny comment yet the slow mo guys have 2 diamond play buttons... that moment is just cringe af...
The only clown here is that immature dude constantly using word clown. Pathetic.
Loved how accurate Dan's prediction was.
Theo Von x Slow Mo Guys. What a crossover, even if brief.
That was a perfect set up
DAN THE GOAT
That wasn't even funny, it was just fucking rude. Genuinely disappointed in Tony Hawk for telling the story like that and encouraging that kind of response from them.
Poor old Dan😂 The fumes😂
Poor Dan!  Love this. I don’t know who the “clown” in the clip was,  I’m sure a whole lot more people know who you guys are than some “skate bro” (not Tony).
This was a fantastic video.
I actually laughed so hard at this. So good!!
10:07 you use a sony A series camera gav?
Wondered why everyone is asking for an English translation... LOL! 😂
Those guys came across as a***holes.
Now I want to see Tony Hawks reaction to Dans reaction video...... haha
Where were those guys so needlessly savage about people they apparently don't even know?? Lol. I had a hard time watching because those interviewers were being such harsh jerks.
That’s hilarious!! Poor Dan 😂😂
Almost certain Tony was about to say that Dan was so dazed he didn’t even know about the fart haha
HAHAHAHAHAHAH this is amazing
The endlessly family friendly Slow Mo Guys and the notoriously raunchy Theo Von is the crossover I didn't know I needed.
Great video. Poor Dan
Dan is a hero I can relate to.
they were kinda mean on that podcast
saludos desde republica dominicana slow mo guys
Theo who?
I appreciate Dan taking that like such a champ, those dudes were really ripping on him I felt bad
Theo Von can so mean some times, but everything he says is so on point, you just have to let it slide.  "I've cleared stronger things out of my throat than these dudes."
Hay alguien más aquí que hable español?
7th
https://youtu.be/QNRi-gIYxMw
I mean it does happen though. You rip ass if you bail hard sometimes
Yo
Dan finally finished with the tunnel?
DAN!!!
Yoooo
Yo
