My recruitment team on fm20 are the best lol
I will agree with Gary on this topic
There’s a recruiting problem for sure at United. We have talented players with character issues. Some them act like pre madonnas unless they get their way. Pogba wants to only go forward and neglect defensive duties. Very moody. So is Martial and to a less extent Rashford. That’s why I was a big fan of Lukaku. Wasn’t the best striker but no matter what the EFFORT was always there despite how he felt. We’re paying these players too much money for them to play well based on their mood. We need to sell any player that doesn’t show the form we’re expecting after 3 yrs max or we’ll always be building and never get there.
GET.RID.OF.OLE.PERIOD.
Utd have spent hundreds of millions over the last couple of years yet their fans are complaining that the board aren’t backing the managers! 🤷🏽‍♂️
The title says it all.
What's going on is that the Glazers are bleeding the club dry to pay off their debts. We need new owners
They stopped buying the best players simple as that.
Ole needs 60-100m pound players in every position to cover for his lack of anything football related.
He's a idiot tht Woodward get him out the club don't no not about football rat
So Martial isn't scoring goals ? Okay then
I’m disgusted and embarrassed how the club I’ve supported for decades is now being run. Shame!
It's pretty weird how United doesn't have a director of football. Just look on a different level with Everton and Marcel Brands. He's gotten Everton amazing players. Richarlison, Allan, James, Doucoure etc. Also sold a shitton. With Man United it even seems they got trouble selling players. I was shocked to learn that Pereira was still there until recently.
All things aside...weather they signed sancho or not, that's not an excuse not to win against the likes of palace and other bottom teams. They dont have teams of superstars bit they still beat united even last season also and this season too.
Nice to hear from Teddy for a change 👍🏻
😂😂👕👕👕👕👕👕😥😥
"Alongside Maguire". What a joke. I don't like Lindelof but Maguire has genuinely been our worst defender since joining.
Chelsea buy smart and sell smart over the last 15 years lmao... Salah... De bryuner ect 😂😂 great sales there!
Awk boo hoooo let the axe players kick off it's sad af
A cf who scores goals, completely agree we should have a guy who can get 20-25 EVEN if he gets injured for a couple of months BUT WHERE WOULD ONE GET SUCH A CF??
Pep probably finds it quite easy to win a domestic league. For now I believe he only wants the Champions League, maybe a domestic cup or two and top four. Klopp wants to build a legacy by taking Liverpool back to the top. Ole wishes to take United back to the top by rebuilding the team and the owners are prioritising financial security. Lampard is backed by the owner and both are showing intent in winning everything in sight. Brendan Rogers is trying to get his team to perform consistently. Mourinho is learning to live within the club's means. Ancellotti has probably had one of the top seven transfer markets for Premier League teams this year alongside Lampard, Arteta, Bielsa, Mourinho, Pep and Klopp, if not the best, and will most probably qualify for the Champions League. Bielsa is showing everyone why he is so highly regarded. Exciting times in the English top flight indeed.
Love Gary Nevilles back ground, Green and Gold
0:33 it's been 7 years Gary haha
woodward and board just cant get to ejaculate..
Ed and his team have never been up to the job, they are bankers not football guys.  His transfer record is there for all to see, dismal !
Aston villa has entered the chat
They were basically tyre kicking for months
The question is what was Ed Woodward done right... board is a joke. #edwoodwardout #glazersout
Manchester United need to realise that they don't have a divine right to be top dog EVERY season and win the league EVERY season. It's taken Liverpool 20 years to win the league since their glory days. Pre Alex Ferguson Man U were average with him they were brilliant, without him they are back to being average and that puts huge pressure on whichever manager is managing Man U, their expectations and their demands are so intense that they become unachievable!!
United need to lure Robbie Savage out of retirement, he's world class
absolutely this club are so lazy
lol love gary, his honesty, but 10 yrs since fergie left? it feels like that haha, not 8/9, been only 7
Just heard that Roberto Baggio has been signed on a four year contract for a tenner less than Sanchez’s wages. What a coup.
But he has magnificent hair which will distract English defenders
Sancho deal was just short for 10 to 15 M. That could have been done easily by not signing any of what we have signed. Sancho was possible deal, how did they miss out.
Liverpool lost 7-2
Did Gary just call David May fantastic
I shut this filth moment Teddy opened his mouth. Bloody douche
Dont buy a chevrolet, it will break down like every transfer deal that edward woodward handles, Hand in Hand with incopetence, mediocracy n embarassment, Dont support their leader or respect their fans, Have no clue about football, Glazers n woodward are a disgrace n have shown no ambition ... Chevrolet Ya may as well sponsor chelsea if Ya want integrety!
Ed Woodward  in on 60k a week....3.1m a year  <(o,o)>
Defending seems to becoming a dieing art
Was this done before the Aston Villa drubbing?
All they've done is buy. This blokes got a cold. Talking crap. You can think he's talking sense just because he talks against man utd . That's not a good reason to praise him. Isn't it cowardice how he hasn't mentioned Peter Pan to leave because he knows the jury won't have that.
Worst fan base.stop moaning. Sancho is overpriced and overhyped. Id honestly rather have brooks and sarr for half the price combined.
Problem with united is the owners and Woodward who only want to spend next to nothing these leeches the glazers have been taking money out of the club for years if they don’t want to make the team successful then sell but they won’t because it makes them to much money.Players like jones Rojo Romero and other below average players on stupid wages Woodward really stupid at transfers these owners don’t care about the fans sick to the back teeth of this owners and that prat Woodward
This interview was obviously before the 7-2 thrashing of Liverpool by Aston Villa. In this life, never speak to soon.
We have signed 10 players for Ole....  He's been backed more than any other manager in the prem over the last 2 seasons. Stop with excuses, he's a bum.
Man u really needed a cb even 2 yet they buy A forward An attacking midfielder A full back
GLAZERS OUT! WOODWARD OUT! JUDGE OUT!
How can we sign a poor mans ibra
Oh Teddy, Teddy, he came to Man United and he won the lot! We are an embarrassing mess now though.
Chelsea sell smart? DeBruyne, Salah,
You can't keep sacking managers without backing them up and expect the club to perform. This is a vicious cycle that repeats every 18 months. Shambles. No plan, no idea, no direction. Disgraceful management.
I wonder if your opinion on Liverpool has changed since we battered them.... UTV
Grealish decided to stay at a Bigger club..  Fact
Even Everton had a better window than United. Let that sink in.
The American still not adopting the Football way of signing player?  It is not acceptable for big club to loan or sign 30+ forwards.  There is only 1 Ibra!
Man United buys and sells players like they're aiming for mid-table.
I wish and hope and pray United get relegated this season.
I don't think there's anyone at the club right now that are looking the win the league at all. Ole, as much as we love him, has to go because, like our politicians here, He's also just towing the party line. Not good enough.
Why can't people see the glaring issue with United at the moment is the manager. It is so painfully obvious that Ole is out of his depth.
You can only put your hands up in submission.
Ed is out of his depth, transfers aren't his bag
Liverpool this, Liverpool that. Liverpool got spanked 7:2. Stop comparing us with Liverpool.
So many excuses for Man Utd there a shambles martial is a mercenary rushford is not a centre forward pogba will leave no doubt and marinho was right about all of them
End of Lindelof? Should be the end of Maguire, get CB to play alongside Bailly or Vic
Re who wins the Premier... Maybe Frankie Lamps has a top squad to play for him. Recruitment looks good enough.. And playing in empty arenas must have some diverse influence on games. Both Reds teams on yesterday's scorelines appear all at sea. Time will tell us I s'pose.
If you want to fix everything just sell De Gea and sign 2 CMs which are able to dominate the games.
Nice Liverpool comment put the dampers on them.
Why didn't Gary just mentioned names as the main cause of failures in the transfer market... It's not the whole club that's responsible for the transfer failures.... Is he working for Woodward?
We are doing everything we can for the club.
Need a team that give 100% every game and want to win every game and they need leaders in the team like in the past.
Teddy graduated from the Terry Venables school of analysis I see;  "Wot you boys need is a propa stroiker right! Big man, finished article, get it up to him, on iz 'ed and the rest will be lovely jubbly!"
Manchester United is the worst run club in world football.  It's an absolute disgrace how the owners are mishandling a club of this size.  They are literally torturing their fans during transfer windows.  Can they not understand they are the laughing stock of world football.
I would like to see Neville in ole shoes like honestly these former players don’t have a clue about management
7 years since Sir Alex retired Gary, 2013. United’s last PL title. Surprised you didn’t know that.
Was this before they got dicked 7 2 off villa
Everything Gnev is saying about Utd recruitment applies to Arsenal as well.
Gary , stop beating behind the bush snd say it? The glazers are robbing the club and Woodward is totally inept, I would respect you more if you do this
What a difference a day makes.
‘Scored a goal here and then’ I’m sorry Ted but you’re a clown Jadon Sancho will be world class and to say ‘he’s not the finished article’ well guess what neither was Ronaldo when he signed but they knew the potential and acted fast so your point is ridiculous
Buying a  CF is not going to solve the problem. Our defense is championship standard. We just do not create enough chances for the strikers to score. How often are we in the opponent penalty box, quite rarely but in our own halves most of the time.
It wasn't the transfer market that produced the class of 92.
Man United are buying rubbish
dragging deal to save 2 months of Salary....ends up costing the season
Liverpool just lost 7-2
Liverpool strong at bacj
Thanks to Ole and Woodward for converting Old Trafford to New Trafford. The two of you stay that way until you get the worst of the exit. And Ole keep VDB on the bench as long as you can. Play your Pogba your whole life. You cannot see the worth in a player so how do you expect world class players to rush for ManU, unlike in the old days.
To me it seems the Sancho nonsense is just a way of not spending money. ie; let's tunnel vision our aim and everyone on a player that we won't get unless we pay full price and then when we don't get him we will have an excuse of the other club not being reasonable and our american owners can do what they always seem to do, and drain the life out of the club. We will never be a top club again as long as Woodward and Co control the purse strings. Sad but true.
Hard to get deals done with people who know nothing about football
Love the colour scheme - Glazers out
After today’s game, Liverpool will win the league still? Got totally smashed by at team that was celebrating for not being relegated.....
Should have done this after the Tottenham game 🤣  Sonny Kane Bale
Why would sancho join Utd at this moment of time? Really? Apart from the cash... he’s far better off where he is till city, barca, or real come in for a world record fee..
Ed Gareth Woodward is a disgrace! OUT NOW!!! Just do it!
Solksjaer is not a manager surely, he's never won nothing at all and you can see that he has nothing else to offer the team except sitting on the bench... why is Leeds, Leicester, Everton, man city playing good football..???
Cavani's deal is a scam. aye
Every man utd manager will be sacked under this regime.. I work in a warehouse & I can see there mistakes. Wat does that say about man utd???
Gary Neville is nothing but a silly unthinking mouthpiece. He made his fortune playing for Man utd  and everything he says is negative about his ex paymasters. He is the epitomy of betrayal. When commentating he cannot shut his old wifey mouth. Moyes, Van Gaal, and Mourinho all bought either players who were over the hill or players not committed or good enough. Olly has had to pick up the pieces and has bought decently. His achievement of finishing 3rd seems to have been overlooked. It will take time and calmness plus good scrutiny of players in the market plus the youth policy evolving to take Man utd back to the top. NOT THE CONSTANT NEVILLE KNOCKING.!!!!
You are challenged guys  help me reach 10k Subscribers then I will record my video who I am and why I want to record something crazyy. God bless Everyone
Martial 23 Goals Rashford 23 Goals Greenwood 17 Goals A centre forward is not the answer. They need a world class Centre Half and they need one now
It's 7 years Gary :) since Ferguson retired.
So who would Terry play on the right. Our striker got 23 goals with injuries and no system in place
MONDAY ALL UNFOLLOW MANU OFFICIAL FB/IG/TWITTER. PLEASE SPREAD AND LET THEM KNOW WE ARE UNHAPPY WITH WHAT THEY HAVE DONE TO OUR CLUB. #UNFOLLOW
Everton will win league
We dont really need sancho ATM.....a world class commanding defender and top class striker is needed first......but we do need a player that can get theball into the box
I don’t agree. I don’t think it’s all about us not buying players. It’s the coaching, and the players we have already. People like Maguire and Pogba are good players but should never be the main men there not good enough.
United don't get things done efficiently, cause they wait for the day which is going to be the players shirt number, sometimes waiting a month to do so... 😔
This is where sheringham is dead wrong which shows he doesn’t really get what United need, Greenwood is a CF, rashford cuts inside, James doesn’t create anything, no does lingard, Sancho is that wide forward who will create those chances and brings balance to the right side, you have sancho, martial and rashford that is as balanced of a frontline, and I think he creativity would see our forwards score goals, so sancho is that player. Sancho is worth every penny and brings fluency and dribbling ability we haven’t had star quality of that ability since Ronaldo, Giggs and Beckham
Amidst this horror transfer window, its nice to see the majority show support for ole.
It makes me sick to my stomach the way they disrespect Martial. He was our best player last season. Everything good went through him
What is Sherringham on about??? lol (On sancho @ 5:00 do a little bit here and there...)   Name a proper out and out winger, apart from James who isn't good enough
United evolving backward with Woodward
They say liverpool are the strongest and favourite to win the league, but these idoits still want a Number 9, do Liverpool have an traditional number 9. Why can't these dumb people see that the right wing is empty for ages in utd team.   We need sancho right now. He is a generational talent that we simply can't miss.
Ole is way too much protected
Start with taking off those rose coloured spectacles and saying Utd have a great coach 🙄
I would have understood that there is a budget constraint if the board would have got Adma Traore and Upamecano for 110 million it looks that they don't want to invest in the club. #Glazersout #woodwardout #Ambaniin.
Martial is a very good player but his consistency is not there. I'm glad we have a proper striker in Cavani. People keep saying we have no one who can cross the ball but we don't have a striker atm who can head it properly so why bother putting crosses into the box? I'm hopeful that Cavani will be a great addition and if we can get Telles, maybe Sancho and a centre back then we could do well. Over to you Ed...you incompetent muppet!
"Ship has sailed on lindelof"  He has lost only 17 games in three premier league seasons going on four and that's playing with Jones rojo baily smalling and now that clown Maguire   Maguire PL stats are worse than smallings and just abit better than Jones and you have absolute morons saying Maguire needs a new parnter...idiots! Maguire is below average as a defender and apparently he's the best in the air? Couldn't head a ball straight to save his life   Only thing that makes Maguire "world class" is his nationality lmao every English pundit loves to big up average players because there English  You go buy a left sided pacey sweeper CB to partner lindelof and i guarantee that defense improves massively  Sadly Maguires price tag and nationality gives him priority over lindelof  Criminal
GLAZERS,WOODWARD & CO ARE THE VERY REASON WE ARE A BADLY RUN CLUB .DEBT AND DIVIDENDS,MONEY JUST BYPASSES THE CLUB AND INTO THE GLAZERS THIEVING HANDS
0:38 I no longer need my 9-5 because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Teddy 100 mil you can what you want basically  Well Sancho was 100m and you got fukked off Teddy so stop chattin lad haha   Ynwa
People go on about Spurs and Liverpool having a good window but Chelsea is the undisputed king of transfers - they have a keeper that can play manager!
If Trashford was putting up number's that Am9 does he would be talked about like he's M' Bappe but because AM9 ain't English he gets called lazy etc etc
This season will be a nightmare, thank you very much Woodward.
Tuchel just told Leonardo that he hates how a number of things are run at PSG. I think Ole will eventually have to go rogue and call out the motherfuckers for what they are.
Morinho, Van Gaal, now Solskjaer, all hitting the same brick wall ... we give you some players, but you’re not winning the league, goodbye.  These idiots have no comprehension of football only banking & money.
Cavani is better then nothing
I don't know who signs off to those deals but they r fools. Sancho is priority get him. Defenders are needed get them.when you have what you need then play hard ball.but the owners and Glazers are stupid.playing hard ball on deals you need and can't fail on. Then these guys saying united needs  a center forward these guys are stupid the finished article thing failed with Jose buy a good player who has already proved his worth and time to grow even better. United has center forwards but not a right winger get one first before you go looking to buy a center forward you don't need. then Gary should know he failed as a coach I don't know why he still hasn't learnt that uniteds problem s not goals it's diversity and real quality the and that is needed no the right fast. Greenwood is still young and he should share the central role with Martial
It’s quite obvious now that the Glazers have no real ambition to win the League. They will be simply happy to get top 4 every season. As long as Ole can do that he’ll keep his job. The Glazers love him. The perfect yes man.
Man utd ex players are fearing to tell the truth, they are more concerned abt their future job tht they may get. Here Neville is speaking more politically, that's why my respect for Patrice Evra has increased becoz atleast he dared to speak something. Otherwise giggs, Neville, scholes are trying to be more diplomatic for their future role at the club.
Does anyone know how many goals were scored by open play headers last year? I like martial but if united want to play wide men getting crosses in you need someone who is great In the air
Now it is even worse with Cavani!! We are haggling with Porto over 2 million but we pay Cavani's agent 10 million. There is high corruption involved and there has to be an investigation!
Thank you so much for brining this I’m proud of Gary
Nevilles footy knowledge is so high,he decided not to bless Valencia FC with all his genius
Inflammatory and Disturbing apparently. Our club is a joke!
What is wrong with United ?? Its a joke...the transfers people must be sacked!!
Cavani might be 33, but as a back up to martial, he is a very good option for next 2 years. He still has good pace, acceleration and has good stamina to make those runs and score goals.  Cavani  might surprise us with his skills and agility. He will be a class, whenever he gets a chance to play .  Djokovic , Nadal and Federer all are doing  well even if they are in middle and late 30's. Ibrahimovic is perfect example , that age is just a number specially  in this modern world of therapies and quick recoveries.  This season we must trust on Eric Bailley to play alongside Harry. He is a very good defender .With developing  good game awareness, he can be a beast and nightmare to  opposition forwards. If he doesn't click then we should buy Upamecano next summer transfer window.   I hope Man utd buy Sancho or Dembele on loan, Alex telles a must buy and a Cavani already coming and with van de Beek already settled well.  So it might turn out to be a fine window for us. Anyway we will not win ( league) EPL trophy, we must aim for FA cup and Carabao cup , and good champions league tournament atleast making it to quarters and 3 rd place in  league.
It's simple. United are stingy to spend the tons of money they have. As been told by the owners, Ed is saving it to give it to the Glazers. Football is just an excuse to make profit for the owners. Football is not important at United anymore.
united already have 2 very good signings since last season; REF and VAR.
7 years Gary 🙄
Liverpool strategy: sell over hyped English players to second tier clubs. Buy world class players at discounted prices. Pretty simple. i.e Brewster sold for 23 million. Thiago in for 25 million. Lol. Genius.
Man Utd thinks with Sancho everything is going to be fine what joke...  Fan of United like me we have to way a lot years for this team win something everything in United is about Marketing!!
I think we just have to get rid of woodward & matt judge... is so embarrassing.. we have sign a 34 years cavani when we have martial ighalo rashford can play that position..  we really need a cb, rw & lb more than a striker... we could have get regulion for 30mil but we missed it... we could have get gabriel for 30mil but we give arsenal a chance to sign him...we could have pay 108mil for sancho but we missed it... now they wan 120mil... and they know the price before transfer window open... but they don have alternative plan... is all rumour... how sad the club decline so much ever since sir alex Ferguson's and David gill left... I really hate our owner glazer, woodward & matt judge...
I love what him saying about MU👏👏👏
Neville & Sherringham,both legends of Man U,both multiple Premier League, F A cup & Champion League Winner's,their loyalty to this club undeniable, both men have been in a period of this club which will probably never be matched again, I like Martial and he is starting to show his true talent, but I also believe Having Cavani as a second striker is a good move.Eric Bailly is my favourite Centre Back, Maguire and Lindelof are ok but would like to see Tuanzebe get a chance, huge potential, I hope they keep Fosu-mensu?Koulibaly has always been my favourite Centre back but that will never happen, but they got Cavan you never know, we all see things differently, Not a fan of Woodward or Glazers
teddy is a clown tbh
Green and gold...not an accidental background.
I cannot for the life of me get my head around why no ex professional thinks martial is up to the task of being the striker we need!!! The guy is pure class. 17 league goals last season. ‘Oh he’s hit and miss though’ news flash! Everyone is hit and miss in this united team. Pogba or Bruno you name it
I absolutely love ole he’s a red through and through. He needs time and he needs the backing he won’t succeed with the people at the top we need proper football men to support him and fix the issues there is a huge hole at the top
Ancellonti was available....... BS.
Disrespect on Martial, Teddy don't know anything we need a RW for many years and we have a chance to get one of the best up and coming in the world and he says we need a striker that scores goals Martial scored 23 and didn't even play a full season
And I'm sorry for Ole, I think the only method Ole can use to help the club, is to expose Ed Woodward and the Glazers, because it's most likely that he's going to be sacked eventually just like Mourinho & LVG, and then they'd just employ Poch, who would eventually get sacked also, and the cycle would continue, therefore the club would remain in stagnancy and mediocrity, and we'd be just witnessing our arch rivals Liverpool winning the title continuously, surpassing us, smh, this is literally consuming me on the inside..
They earn money for everyday they’re mentioned in the news... they earning money from being link with Sancho... but won’t spend that money on Sancho
The Boards of Man United them don’t care the supporters please pressure them get out form united
had no idea Sheringham was such a dunce
Our board is a poppy show, they are criminals, just look at what they are doing to our beloved club, we should not have been in this state from in the first place, smh, it's like I'm literally being strangled, that's how I feel, those clowns have now turned the greatest club in the world into a circus, we are a laughingstock now, smh, they are criminals, and I say that without any apology, this is too much now..
United yee have panicked year after year fullstop. from a die hard lpool fan. Gary Neville top notch pundit.
It's not incompetence on the side of the board, they know what they are doing. Happy to get top4 and not have to properly reinvest in the side. Year after year our net spend is under 100mill, yet the Glazers take their cut of the profits. It's an absolute disgrace but until the fans make the situation untenable for Woodward and the board it will continue.
The glazers are Parasites
everyone in this club is on work experience, right from the top to the bottom down!
Solskjaer is an absolute joke, he should be dragged out of Old Trafford and thrown face first into the gutter.
Keep dreaming....oliy at weel
Gary and Teddy are spot on with their views
give up on Sancho go get Sarr telles upamaccano
Not a Utd fan so I’m a little confused by this... if signing cavani is something to try and pull wool over the eyes of utd fans why are they bothering? In comparison to signing sancho signing cavani is absolutely nothing
I just want to add that Liverpool have a buyback clause for Brewster. Sold him for 24 mil. If he becomes a top player then they get him back! Really good transfer business all round.
United are a joke with new players
I wish we could've groomed Neville into becoming our Director of Football.
OLE SHOULD GO LEARN HIS TRADE SOMEWERE EALS, HE IS NOT MAN UTD MANAGER.
United spent apprx £235m that will rise to £265m with add ons in the last 12 months....ole is slowly getting rid of the deadwood and bringing in the right players....IT TAKES TIME...It took Kloppe four years and they only won when 5 teams were in transition
all comes down to those yanks owning the club, huge mistake.
United board- Woodward and Matt judge are inept
How can sherringham think we play rashford tony and mason in every game, in a year we are in the CL? Our depth is shocking
7 years......stop keeping sky sports happy gaz........
This Glazers Utd club is really getting on my nerves Big Time
How do none of these pundits know Tony’s stats before they chuck him to the curb every week. He scored 25 goals last season. Exactly what they said they need from a number 9. Gtfoh
why an English player plays outside England and plays best and you are ready to spent 100 millions ...bcoz there is no place for the player who want to improve and be perfect player in England.that’s why England never won a euro cup and very weak in World Cup. And I don’t know why the persons like Navile interviewed in football because he didn’t know the tactics and knowledge in football.
The guy on the right talks a lot of crap
I'm not a business man I'm a business mannn
Couldn't get telles for 15M but can pay Cavanis agent 10M...
The only way United come out of this transfer window looking good is if they get the Telles and Sancho deals over the line in the next 48 hours.  If you add Sancho and Telles to Van der Beek and Cavani, all of the sudden this looks like a very good transfer window... even if the Cavani deal (with his age, injury record, and all of the money that goes along with it) appears to be ill-advised.  Having a bench with the likes of Henderson, Telles, Bailly, Van der Beek, Fred, Greenwood, Cavani on it doesn't look so bad.  There were better deals out there to do for strikers. Vinicius has just signed for Spurs to be a back up for Harry Kane. Why couldn't he have gone on United's bench instead of Cavani?
The comment about Man Utd buying younger players now has aged well with cavani 😂😂
Sheringham has no idea what he's  talking about
Time for that lot to go protest outside Woodward’s house
Teddy 🧸 this is why you were the 4th choice striker at United. Deluded!
Man Utd are farcical these days... Years gone by, bang, player in, bang, player in..... No messing. Van de Beek, great, but they need to get rid of plenty and bring in a few.... And it's too late.
can't rim each other in showers anymore lad ? i seen you going into gay club soho
United have no money, no new signings, colossal debts and a decrepit stadium. GLAZER PARASITES OUT
United is the next AC Milan.
United are trading on the fumes of past glories . Shambles of a club.  A crying shame.
Beating PSG in Champions league and giving a contract to Ole after that now buying PSG reject striker. Wow!!
Hands tied behind his back? United have one of the ‘best’ goalkeepers in the world, the most expensive defender in the world, a £50 million full back on one side and £30 mil on the other, with another £60 mil for Lindelof and Bailly. The worlds most expensive midfielder, a £60 mil CAM from January and a new £40 mil signing, as well as a £50 mil striker. The narrative that Ole is working miracles with the resources he has is ridiculous
Woodward and glazers ambition is top 4.   If Utd finish in top 4.  They will hardly invest.   If they finish outside top 4. Then they’ll  invest bare minimum to try and get back in top 4.  If Utd win league or a cup. That’s a bonus but not a necessity. as it’s all about keeping sponsors and board snd owners sweet.   Problem is also they recruit poorly.  Perfect pattern for Woodward and glazers is ...  Finish top 4 , play in UCL.  Know not good enough to get to semis so rather Finish 3rd in UCL group and drop down to Europa league and go deeper in that competition which his more tv coverage.  Then either finish top 4 or win Europa league.  And repeat.  With no investment
Remember when Sir Alex retired everyone talked about decline. Sure enough some great managers are irreplaceable, but this is decline from the top down, caused by complete incompetence and daylight robbery from this parasite family. What people forget is that David Gill was always a big part of Utd's success off the field and now? They have the worst people in the most vital roles at the club. Over a decade and they are still getting mugged off with transfers, the reason? Cos incoming players and their agents know the club is a mess and demand more money to join. Or Woodward doesnt know the business, how to deal with clubs. Doesnt matter who the manager is either. And like Ole wanted to sign Cavani, even players like Maguire, James or VdBeek. Could have been the board that signed them. When nobody in football has a good word to say about the people running Utd. agents, former players, managers, club presidents, you know somethings not right.
I thought Gary Neville was a football expert?! Thinking The Glazers have winning the league as a target is so naive. Their target is maximum revenue for minimum outlay.
Only ex Man Utd players who arnt trying to get a job as an ambassador at utd will speak up.  Rest stay quiet.
Far too early to crown LFC. One or two key injuries and everything changes.
Listen to this lot talking about getting a striker when we need a DM, CB, RW and LB all before we think about another striker
The Cavani deal is hilarious.
The only league Ole could win is the Norwegian because that is his level.
How do we need another Center back? We paid 80m on Harry Last season. we shouldn’t have too get another Center back. Yeah some of are players can play on the right wing, But they no way near the likes of Jaden Sancho.
The board have broken the club from top to bottom!
WOODWARD OUT!!! AWFUL SIGNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When did Teddy Sheringham ever have anything interesting to say???? 😒
Wan bissaka, Harry Maguire, dan james, bruno fernandez, van de beek,  cavani, and possibly sancho, i dont understand this crap of ole hasnt been backed 🤔🤨
Cavani 😂😂🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
We're just a corporate club, that's it. Owners making bank.
THIS BAORD IS JOKE ED GLAZERS OUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
When a club is prepared to pay 80 million for Maguire,  your club is rotten to the core , from scouting , manager and woodward and the men who sanctioned it . Spend 40 million on de beek , haven't seen much of him looks decent , but problem positions should have been prioritised
Lol Teddy mate, you are deluded. Sancho score a goal here and there? He's gotten 40 goals and assists for 2 seasons in a row. World-class player and we haven't had an out and out right winger for years. Absolutely silly take.
Sorry Garry but the owners can do what the hell they like, but their game is not football. The club for them is a means not an end.
Ed Woodward is a disease to Manchester united
This is priceless. Waited years for United to implode.  Welldone Solskjaer and the board. 🤣
These bloody bankers have looted and destroyed the club, and the blame have to be shared by managers ,which is nonsense,but the actual fact  is its those people are responsible for this , #GlazersOut #WoodwardOut
£100M for a striker?? Who do you propose Ted? Even Harry Kane valued at £150M.. and we miss out when we should get Werner last season
Man utd are thinking if the shirt 👕 or 👘 and who free and out of date...save 💰💰💰..😇😇😇💞
Mate you can not win the league with the club NAME....instead you players working hard as a team (like Leicester and Everton).
#Glazersout the only thing they are interested in is using united as a personal ATM hence the signing of cavani to attract sponsors and sell shirts and he is not an ole signing! Dividends in December
Inefficient business Woodward is doing. Why not invest in the future instead of short term plugs in this already sinking ship? Cavani is a risk and isn’t clinical enough.
Is it just me or is Gary gaining some muscles
Cavani🤣🤣🤣🤣
Unfortunately the Board and Management of United do not understand how to operate a football club. Man Utd is now a mid table club. Rather than learn from its mistake they continue to make the same mistakes - Cavani. SMH.
the fact is target of investor and owner is not winning the league. Its the target of fans and hence this disparity
The current United set up is more embarrassing than it was in the early 70's.  Again and again big name players moved from one club to another and United did nothing, causing George best to up sticks and leave, ending up being relegated.  I never thought I'd see the same situation at Old Trafford, but then in come the business men and out goes the football.
Manchester United are not an attraction anymore.
they'll have Ola over too our owner are scam artists
There's a reason why Gary and Sherringham aren't managers or directors of football just nonsense what they saying about Sancho and Martial.
Just get ready for the smacking Everton will give us.
Absolute disgrace. Cant believe we have sign a 33 year old cavani.
The gap between Manchester United and Liverpool has officially extended
Can't sell the dross.
Other clubs value a player and then check the market price. MU prices the player at 60%-70% of the asking price, that's why it goes on for so long..
For 100m we can get Upamecano & perhaps Saar at Watford. I get the Sancho vibe to a certain extent but we need to be smarter with the little money made available. 130mil on Maguire & Wan Bissaka... British tax will be the end of us.
Man U have had a dissconnected transfer team for some time now although it has improved a little the leader is making mistakes and obviously will continue to do so at the moment the team is a mixture of players who do not compliment each other and therefor do not play well togeather .
Van de Beek and Fernandes were good signings at decent prices in fairness.
Put simply the Glaziers and woody are inadequate with everything to do with football at the club Ole unfortunately will be sacked and the next manager will suffer the same Destiny..they have literally ruined the club from the inside I’ve supported united all my life but have cancelled my season ticket and have stopped buying merchandise ,the owners have drained every bit of love out of me for United I’m done.
United have players at the club who dont play get huge wages that no other clubs want for example Dalot lingard Jones this Sancho thing has gone on to long. What other club is spending that kind of money. Defenders is what this club needs.
Liverpool...organised top to bottom and back to front....Man Utd...utter chaos and panic!
BOYCHESTER DIVIDED are the gift that keeps on giving 🤣🤣🤣, YNWA ❤
Gary Neville’s comments was absolutely spot on,he was right,but at the moment there is something fishy at United.
I respect Gary Neville but when it comes to united under OGS he doesn’t put football knowledge first, he puts emotion. OGS isn’t good enough to be United manager and it’s as simple as that
we cant change the owners but the board can be changed, they have failed time and time again they're awful. I just wish our fan base would boycott buying shirts, games, MUTV etc. Instead of glazers out trending online lets get boycott Chevrolet, DHL or Adidas trending. They would care a lot more then with them brands getting angry at them.
We have a nearly 34 year old Cavani now, so all will be well!!!!   🤔😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
The management are inept and have no understanding of football whatsoever!
JS is not worth €120 million...he's not worth €100 million. We should d move on from him
Cavani's deal is a scam.
Can’t Gary and co get involved ?
Interview Mark Goldbridge
United are the new Liverpool from the 90s
The disrespect on Martial is crazy, he literally scored 23 goals last season and he missed two months through injury.
Gary looks like Robert Downey Jr.
Would love Gary to have some involvement in the Utd set-up
