great vid babe
Matt Hancock is suffering from Munchausen by proxy,  as he wants us to pretend we are ill
This is what you get when Eugenics Cultists work with UK PM and Signals intelligence to brainwash their citizens into submission
There will be nothing left of this once great country ,all these lockdowns will not stop the virus it does not come to work at 07 00 in the morning and go off at 11pm at night it will sit around waiting and as people mix off it goes again
I think UK needs to learn from Singapore  and New Zealand because they dont seem to know what to do
Sky News Australia  Australia cancels vaccination after false positive HIV tests  What Virus's in other vaccines btw?
Boris the the lying bastardo whose policies have resulted in thousands of people's dying and all this on the behalf of the world economic forum shame on you Boris for selling this country down the river
Pats public on their backs, don't forget to keep complying Ol' Chap.  "This is just for 2 weeks, to flatten the curve..."
I feel bad for nurses and key workers having to risk their lives. But when non key workers complain they can't see their families? I haven't seen my family for 8 months. Just deal with it. Do zoom calls or something
That mask makes him look like Barney from Arthur.
Thank goodness the first 2 lockdowns worked. If they hadn't, you wouldn't need to go into a third. Right?
if i see anyone without a mask there getting knocked out
So I can't catch it in a factory full of people but I can at night what a considerate disease
Expect more to come, its a following a set pattern
It's all well and good to say that we the public have been magnificent!  You've taken a bit of nudging from me to get the national vaccination programme underway!  I'm not done with you - YET ! Boris - Dinkypupdoodle - Johnson. Still a few things to sort out in sequence.  The first of these is a FULL review on THIS lockdown!  On the 26 or 27th of this month. Then! An acceleration of the vaccination programme itself! And finally, the point that we will have to have repeat vaccinations for the next 4 years up to 2025! I still have some fish to fry in these. Done with you! I AM NOT!  😉
Hey do you like comedy. Do you like memes. Do you like vlogs. Do you like games. Then check my latest montage. It is insane
This probably wasn't the best time to start a travel channel on YouTube lol. Hopefully things get back to normal by Spring and we can start enjoying life again.
Look the hospital is empty 🤔
Boris is unbelievable stay at home why superspreer spreads it as much as possible because you need to go to hospital with a TV crew didn't you
Love going through the comments on this and getting my daily dose of retardism with everyone speaking like that have a better plan, or speaking about these ridiculous conspiracy theories. Love it keep it up you idiots.
Please try to provide the proper treatment
ah yes, well, it appears yet another lockdown is in place hmm yes
Situation not good
What a fool😀😀😀
That covid sounds like someone from Barry Island
1. What about "herd immunity" policy? 2. What about "lockdown violates human rights"? 3. What about "lockdown is a breach of freedom"? UK, toughen up please. Learn the right things from US PLEASE! Just let the covid go. It will "magically" disappear.
0:17 I generate 103 day-to-day as a result of this here to own it too look up on-line for *f undai l y p a y*
1:18 I gain 162 per day due to this here to use this too seek out on the web for *f undai l y p a y*
1:10 I get 193 every day using that here to obtain this also seek on-line for *fundai l y p a y*
I can't stop laughing at the comments. I love you, guys!!
I am not interested anymore its business as usual as far as I am concerned, I am just sick of the whole saga they lock us down then open everything back up for it to spread again.
In Asia they didn't mind having their freedom taken away....now they are covid free. Britain and America ...too many making a fuss. Just shut up and grow up. Other countries are covid free because they didn't act so stupid and followed the rules to get on top of it.
I love all the thumbs down
Boris go to hell you and lockdown
Bojo the Clown, Cockhand and Wottle.. The Three Stooges
The lockdowns have absolutely nothing to do with any virus, they are an essential part of the great reset and building back better.
Dumb people  please wake up,  I woke up years ago when they tried telling you some geezers that live in caves flew planes into skyscrapers in New York City USA ...
Boris your mask is not reasonable to NHS Standard, why are you around people with that mask?
England the only country in full lockdown it isn't going so well nearly a year on and no further on with a more contagious virus and more cases....
They are trying to take our freedom away and control us don't believe in the virus people !
No 1 doing it 🤣 people been whering mask and social distanceing for nerlly a year not working is it fool every one back to normal
Ohh and China is all normal. This is a joke now. Who is paying for all this. How much more do we have to do. There’s something underhanded going on. A disease we cannot see, and figures we can’t question
Covid19 is a big lie 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Who still believes this is all about the virus then?
Good old Boris and his ASMR uploads...
When CASES and not DEATHS are used to justify lockdowns, remove your freedom, destroy your livelyhood, close your business, crash the economy, cause untold damage to people's physical and mental health and usher in societal changes that would otherwise not be tolerated then you know you are not dealing with a deadly pandemic.
Lockdowns are so successful that we need MORE to achieve nothing and consider that a win against this virus that has killed less than 20,000 in the USA, according to the CDC. If journalism still existed there would be no lockdowns, no masks and no economic catastrophe, just like Sweden, Taiwan, Japan etc
I'm gonna lockdown too electric avenue infection rates are higher
These lockdowns are evil and unjustifiable!
I feel bad for the people of the UK, but you voted him in and now deal with your mistake!
Just look at Sweden: No lockdowns, no masks, anti-social distancing and back to normal...... China celebrated New Year with no anti-social distancing, masks or jab? Meanwhile, back in old Blighty, we are being attacked by a government far more dangerous than this re-branded flu! (394 people have died of flu this year O.N.S., so we cured that one then?)
who voted for boris but then regretted it
This virus has been made in lab and it's Real designed to kill people.
Bungles on again must be rainbow hour where's zippy Hancock ?
F you boris you weasel
Looks like he's got a black beard.
Can we braid his hair💚
its all bee-ess total lies its like a Hollywood production only the sheeple believe
It seems like we are already on a full lockdown schools are closed shops are closed. What more u gona do
The Vaccine will change your DNA and make non human. Do not take it. Research Bill Gates and his Eugenics family!
Here we go again lads😀
We must act now.....starting wednesday
Covid didn't kill people but the vaccine will. People wake up.
This is like some stupid competition to see which gov can lockdown the most.. Boris needs to start leading instead of following. (His knob)
do a another national lockdown the exactly like the national lockdown Mach 24th 2020
Borys is just a puppet controlled by  global government . The pandemic exists only from false testing. People wake up!!!
Boo...they should be in stocks having rotten food threw at them!
So can I go shopping or?
There’s now a tier 5... when’s tier 43 gonna exist? Lmfao 😂
When will he stop lying?
I think they should wear masks in the House of Commons
He can’t even control he’s own hair let alone the whole country!
Here we go again????
He is truly not way out of his depth.
At least the sun has the balls to leave the comments open 😅.
Whatever, I'm not locking down and not having a jab, simple.
Wasn't that long ago this muppet asked us to "eat out too help out " Either he is playing us as fools or someone is playing him as a fool, Wonder when we will find out which it is?
Ahhhhhhh shut up boris
He likes the word fantastic.Yes fantastic Boris the damage done by your governments measures will be fantastic for many years to come.Not.
Always in masks and temperature but hes had covid,duh,where the proof of your vaccination without false needle
COLLEGE IS CLOSED AHAHHAA YES AHAHAHAHAHA
This is a pandemic of false positives from a test shown to be completely ineffective.
Noncence,lie lie lie.
Whats the definition of insanity again? Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result?
Stop this insanity! End the lockdowns!
well you can tell he is lying  HIS LIPS ARE MOVING  the worst pm ever CHURCHHILL  HE IS NOT  this goverment are guilty of the most outrageose   miss managment ever   you will not get voted for again your incompatence is beyond words   doris and handcock are useless gits  FFS
NHS being overwhelmed , so what  is going on with the nightingales ???
Well done to these devil worshipping psychopaths who have managed to convince the 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 they need a vaccine they DON'T Need!!! Don't take it as you'll go from👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️to🧟‍♀️🧟‍♂️!
Oh. I never that coming. Whoopi dee.
1:47 I take 162 daily thanks to this  to get it too look up on-line for *f und ai l y p y*
Whats happening with furlough
F...k of every day new records w.t .f are you joking. This is an embarrassment to all people...draining us from everything...so no more middle class just stupid rich and all us poor. Thnx for that wierdo
You’d think, in a deadly pandemic, that the government would put an embargo on all the old toot coming in from China but supermarkets are heaving with the potentially deadly stuff and the rabid mask advocates don’t seem to have any worry about buying it. It’s all a bloody joke
Somebody fly this guy to the moon and leave him there
He talks about having the most vaccinations than any of Europe combined yet we also have the highest death rate in Europe.  Wanker.
They are bringing in the great reset and agenda 2021
Lies, lies, lies and more lies.
What politicians gonna do if they lose their jobs and wages o forgot they don't.
This is all leading to a vote on mandatory vaccine , so obvious
We love you Boris we do We love you Boris we do We love you Boris we do  Oh Boris we love you
Unless the rest of the world has the exact same lockdown it’s absolutely pointless!
It's a public genocide😢
To little to late as before Boris ,in France a curfew from 8 o'clock at night to 06 00 in the morning , simple but good idea.
Shut your god dam mask prat
He's just a useless muppet and speaks through his back side.
Someone needs to do "something" about these politicians
Bull
The blokes a moron ---- don't go out except for essential shopping or work ----- well that don't F In work does it ---- we need complete lockdown UNFORTUNATELY
This is about an economic reset. Nothing to do with a phoney virus.
How much time do you reckon we have off schools?
I'd believe him if he wasn't lying.
Once upon a time they could control the masses with the threat of religious persecution but now that doesn’t work , people are no longer paralysed with fear at the thought of going to hell so the powers that be have had to come up with a new plan to keep the population under control.. welcome, everyone, to ‘Covid’... the threat of disease is the new religion. Do as you’re told or you’ll die!
Can I just say that the reason that numbers are rising is because the government aren’t closing schools
Who does bbc news 24 work for bolloxy Bojo or the people who pay there wages?
By this March they will create a tier 10 and we will all be handcuffed to our sofas.
PSYCHOPATH
Is this guy tapped, just close down the schools if u wanna prevent the virus from spreading smh edit: to u who disagree, if a kid gets covid from the school, it can pass onto any family members and it may or may not lead to death.
Previous lockdowns been roaring success
He contradicts himself every time he opens his hole
Boris “Eltsin” Johnson
Cant wait for tier 5
When and where  are we protesting
When and where  are we protesting
Confused.  I have worked all the way through. My job as is others Requires driving in to and back from all over the Midlands. Mixing with loads of people in factories..now I don't get a jab...but I could be spreading it about. But people in nursing homes who are obviously in a bubble by the nature of where they are.wont be spreading the virus. Get the PRIORITY first on the list. With a limited amount it doesn't make sense to me.
hAnds fAce spAce
Boris is Thicc
All reporters in the field start smirking that says enough for me
Hey british people. Wear on your mask correctly, we wouldn't  in a lockdown anymore. Once you wear the mask, those virus may stick on the mask . Just dont take off the mask n put it in your pocket immediately  when you walk out tesco.
This country doesn't need Guidelines. It needs strict rules, with a strict enforcement! The effort of all the people that are respecting the rules of tier 4 are useless if then even 5% of the population do whatever they want to do. This is the humble opinion of NHS worker that is tired of all of this...
And this is how 2021 welcomes us! brace yourselves!
Immune Systems are getting weakened with this Lockdown, why is no-one talking about this?
Yea coz lockdowns work so well were having a third 1? and a forth and fifth and sixth and seventh untill we just agree to stay locked down permanently The ' new normal ' as they say
B*llocks have most people done what they can, most people are carrying on as normal. We need rules rather than wishy washy advice and they need to be inforced.
I CANNOT LISTEN TO THIS CLOWN ANYMORE
Hope that when the inquest into the serious miss handling of this situation, that BORIS, WHITTEY and HANCOCK. Will be prosecuted and given lengthy JAIL sentences for their willful damage to people's lives. They really don't care about the harm they are doing, these lock downs are complete INSANITY😡
- Lockdowns don't work = more lockdowns - Lockdowns DO work = more lockdowns  Heads I win, tails you lose.  - Cases are up = the masses have disobeyed, they must be punished = more lockdowns - Very few people are dying from the virus = many people are dying from the virus - Only old people or those with co-morbidities have died = young people are also dying, here's a handful of isolated cases without context or detail  Do not think, simply obey.  - Vaccines don't stop people transmitting the virus = you must take our vaccine - You have a statistically insignificant chance of contracting or becoming seriously ill from the virus = you must take our vaccine  You have no choice.  - You are a healthy adult who wants to makes your own decisions about your health and safety = you must take our vaccine - You want to take our vaccine = you are highly intelligent, well-informed and may continue to access basic public services  We know what is best for you.  - I don't believe a small group of strangers whose authority I never consented to should have the power to confine people to their own homes indefinitely or have the power to coerce people into being injected with a foreign substance against their will = you are uneducated, likely a member of the working class, are now on a secret government list and...we care for you deeply; your safety is our primary concern  Give up, it is easier this way.  - You would like to discuss the matter with your friends, family or meet with other concerned citizens = YOU MUST NEVER GATHER WITH OTHER CITIZENS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. IT IS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. - When will this end = when we are absolutely certain that all citizens are once again safe, happy and protected.  Science be praised; we're all in this together.
“everything that we think is necessary to keep people from spreading the virus”   *keeps schools open*
If lockdowns work why do we need another lockdown? And if they don't work then why do we need another lockdown? Do not comply
Its not lockdown if schools are still open.. one of the most densely populated places, even compared to most businesses.
Plizz. Subscribe
boris is the most dumbest person i’ve seen 💀
devil descendent of lucifer
he means 4th lockdown, or is it currently the 5th
I'm already in tier 4 lockdown where nothing is open except for schools and supermarkets. Will tier 5 mean the government puts a claymore at my front door?
Can't wait till we vote him out
Imagine we go into a new tier, schools aren't closed. Why?
1 lockdown to cancel gcse and a levels but 3 lockdowns to still let year 11 and 13 to still do exams 🤦🏽‍♂️
I'm having a party next week who's coming?
Tier 5 means no meeting with your wife
Shut schools and stop exams
He has gone too far now prison  people in their own homes but the  failed
At least he’s trying
and we’re still going to school, great going boris😃
More LIES LIES AND LIES..nearly a year later with everything we have gone through,another full lockdown. They just want us to be locked up,so they can roll out the vaccine to every single person,only allowing us freedom once we've taken the vaccine,its CRIMINAL!!!
Johnson and he's government are dangerous idiots.
How many people are going to be stuck cannot move house who are fleeing violence ????
Some of us are seriously following the rules whiles majority of people are busy breaking every good rule in place to defeat this Corona virus.
I just want everything to be normal 😭
What else could they possibly restrict?
When are the majority of people going to rise up against this ABSOLUTE SHAM..........the way the media and government go on, I would expect to see ambulances all over the place, the skies overrun with paramedic helicopters, army out protecting people, Health workers everywhere......what do I see ? - a few mask wearing wombles scuttling about shaking in media induced bubbles of fear. Global PANDEMIC.........what a joke !
Big lie and joker 🃏 why he can’t complete locker down and start covid 19 test every one  like newze
Who just clicked this to scroll down comments 👌😂
The dangerous alcohol outstandingly check because tire intraperitonally mess up upon a clumsy babies. idiotic, garrulous chick
His finally wearing a mask
Publicly hang the lot of them
Borris suddenly wearing a mask
people don't care about social distancing... go to ASDA and you will see people jumping on each other ;) especially in london
It's going through the children
It's difficult to trust the opinion polls with a ratio and comments like this.
The China Virus Test is kinda OP. As there is no other way they can win a War.
Bumbling fumbling fool
End the lockdowns and restrictions 🚫 🚫 🚫 🚫 🚫
Absolute pleb
Hope him and pals had finest vaccines ....this is worse chesting liar un history of UK people love a feudal system hasnt ge done well ...
Imagine now this guy drunk
Remember = In medicine , there's no money in the cure , it's all in the treatment .
Then a EU Truck Driver brings much needed supplies across 'No Mans Water'?? to their British counterparts ensuring the cross contamination continues.... When will they learn that Winter has an impact on flu viruses? It assists them because the lack of vitamin D lowers the immune systems defences????? Probably the reason why they don't want people going abroad?? Apparently the strains are there too? Lol
Yes but Johnson best prime minister
Johnson the jailer and his cabal of political gangsters will drive this sorry excuse of a country into the ground Their legacy will be mass unemployment, grinding poverty and misery on an epic scale What surprises me is not the criminal activities of the regime but how easy  it was The sheeple positively embrace their subjugation and enslavement It's like No one has any concept of liberty individual freedoms and democratic rights
When will this Government Own up? The lies have been going on far too long. The numbers are a Fallacy. Its well known that the PCR Test is 100%  unreliable, this, from the person that invented it tells that it is of NO USE to detect a Virus. What it does is look for Genetic Material, so if you had fluu ages ago it will find it and flash it up. The problem is that it cannot deect whether its alive or dead. So how convenient for the GOV. Propaganda machine to use it in the BIG LIE.
Lost my job due to coronavirus, still jobless since March 2020.
Stop chopping and changing things, ie the vaccine second dose not 4 weeks later but now 12 weeks later, schools won't close as their exams are important and well being now what's coming with regards to the schools? GCSE'S and A levels will go ahead in the summer, will they?? Christmas will go ahead then only 1 day. Back in March covid was extremely contagious now this second strain is more extremely contagious. JUST TELL US SOMETHING AND STICK TO IT, or don't give any hope. All these experts that keep chat chat chatting on the news, shut up. We've had ENOUGH.
As if the first 2 “worked “
The great Reset
Such a pandemic!! I have a business, i see a few hundred members of the public through my door each week,  I have had no information pack about how to make my business covid secure, No one from the health authority or council has been to see that we are following the rules This is a proper spamdemic.
as long as there is some economy left to ruin, they will keep introducing lockdowns
Seems like tier 5,6,7,8 and 9 didn't halt the spread of the virus. Right now we are testing if tier 10 will help.
HIS HAIR FLUFFS WHEN HE PRONOUNCES HIS T'S AHDJJDJSJD IM DEAD
Someone help me understand why they still leave schools open? Most people i know that have covid live in a house with workers or school kids.
Boris: "Everyone's patience is wearing thin" Yeah bro as this as your hair stfu
ENOUGH!!!!!
Sooo, we cant see family or mix with households yet we can go to education areas and mix with hundred. Not good for those who have a vulnerable family member!
Guy is an idiot. Assures us school is safe kids are low risk etc, well guess what kids need looked after by adults..
What an arse. Lockdowns don't work, that's been proved often enough by now. We need normality, not more of this police state business.
I wish it would hurry up and kill me, I'm sick to death of waiting for it. I don't want to hear another word about it, not from him, not from anyone.
Shut the school
Its flipping 2021 today the 4th of Jan
Am I allowed to say lying puppet ...
ALL HAIL SATAN!!!!!
Sorry I don’t trust this government ,if u can call them that. Just look at their track record..on how they treat people and look after their own chumocracy.
Tough weeks? You ruined whole economy and helped big corporations so many evidence already that numbers are fake and propaganda is rolling big time on top managed perfectly to devide public clap clap for this not nhs which is empty
Really Boris keep us of
All of this has been planned....traitors....Corrupted system...to destroy more the economy...by illuminati and kill gates &COMPANY.GOD must soon PUNISH this evil criminals POLITICIANS
He let down small jobs what couldn't  get of a lot of money
Really I bet where going in to tear 5
C
What concerns me where are the figures for deaths and extreme side effects of vaccinations, as you should know Boris has given Pharmaceutical companies immunity from prosecution and Bill Gates earlier in the year predicted there would be 175,000 deaths world wide from covid vaccinations, as he has major shares in the main ten pharma companies I assume he knows what he talking about I would would like an answer to this question and also bearing in mind it takes 10 years for normal vaccinations to be made from start to finish and covid vaccines took around 11 months and it is experimental with mRNA gene editing having never been used before, where is the oversight? and how safe are they? it is of great concern to me the Government has not addressed any public concerns at all. Lets say there are real problems who pays compensation claims or is it coming out of public taxes?
This man again ""Fumigate boris and hancock ought of 10 downing street""
Tougher restrictions than tier 4?? You've already taken everything from us lmao what now can we no longer leave our bedrooms "until further notice"??
Bull 💩 Tier
What a load of rubbish lock up the government for treason
He liyd about corona
Woooohoooooo The Great Reset! Happy New Year everyone. I love you all. Especially Boris.
i pray that schools stay open
Gidaehae
Lmaooo what a fraud. This corona is nothing more than your usual flu...
What a crock. This is complete bull ***t . There is no virus anymore. The lockdown is illegal. Boris is off the earth plane. He’s with the monarchy. Wake up 🙋🏼‍♀️
Wake up sheeple, the great reset. These puppets are doing what they masters want.
This is state terror. Report the Video people . Deaths are almost identical to last year. Report as spam , just came for comments . Love to all Free Thinkers
Tough weeks,.....🤣.....one year later....
Traitor
Just close all the schools and colleges and universities
this isn't how you do full totalitarianism guys, you have to trick the people into it. if the people are mad, it won't work. have fun when this blows up in your face.
It's certain no one follows England's measures.. Lol
Can the blonde idiot please explain why shutting down cancer units in the UK the result is people are been killed due to lack of treatment also please explain why in April we were getting 10% testing positive now we are getting 7% testing positive. Just testing more people dose not mean there is an increase in the numbers, also something people may have missed in 2019 we lost over 170,000 people to the basic flu in 2020 we lost 100,000 to the flu inc covid so how is last yeat worse than 2019???? also this new variant is the one that was in Spain in the summer so its not new but lets scare the crap out of people. Also most hospitals in the UK are running at about 25% due to most wards been closed / clinic not open / etc. If people don't belive me then go to your local hospital and take a walk around the clinic areas there like a ghost town.
How are schools safe there’s hundreds of kids mixing without and rules in place hes a muppet
How other countries must look on at our small island with puzzled expressions.
This government needs bringing down!
The bumbling of the UK government, has cost lives, cost businesses and made the UK look like idiots on the international stage. The first lockdown was ended way too soon! The bumbling about our government has done since the end of lockdown has caused this mess. Corvid okey kokey in out, in out, shake it all about!
Waiting to see what happens with tier 4 first... If u ever wanted confirmation of experimenting with us for an outcome this is it.....
The first lockdown didn't work neither will this. Just be honest with people and admit it's a financial reset
Boris is just a puppet for the gate's family watch the world vaccine summit London 2o20 that's all people need to know
This better not effect my birthday! 30/1
No. I'm not doing it.
Start praying people... we are in for a bumpy ride.. the SATANIC cabal have the bit between their teeth!!
the wicked shall fall
Absolute madness all those jobs the education of our children the mental health issues for a virus that 90% of deaths above that of the 5-year average are over 65 and the majority of that over 75. Never trust Westminster whatever the party.
Westernised Islam ☪️ovid-19
Some weeks ago, I discovered people form relationships with people with different political beliefs or parties. Well let me say that if you are with a Tory supporter, your love isn't real.
As soon as the cases get low people think it’s over and do whatever tf they want
Government decided that pandemic will never end unless they removed
Get stuffed
Absolute betrayal of the British public and the principles that make Britain Great.
I will not comply
Hoax
✨fresh lockdown✨
Boris is locking the people up the only strategy/ idea you and your so called scientists know what to do. Almost a year has passed and you, MH, and your revered scientists has yet to move off the starting grid, you're all one big joke.
They need to put it on a full lockdown again like last year
The restrictions aren’t working, so what next? More restrictions! Disgraceful. The Conservative (Socialist) Party
Please someone put him in a straightjacket
Here we go again! Remember Boris! You healed from this virus without taking a vaccine. We know this is the UK government trying to bring in Socialism. Next full blown communism. We are not stupid.
Slof goes mental again on flu, they will start killing people just to stop virus that kills one percent xD xD xD
every time his upperclass exageration of words hits the his mask some more corona invades his floppy fringe and sits in wait for another public control policy.......get a grip britain ffs!!
Criminal criminal and criminal.
Covid is all over the news, they always say how the cases go up even though most people survive out of the people who actually get it? What about the people who die from other things not just covid. They're always focusing on covid when tbh there is worse things.
Medi-stasi
Definition of great intelligence is doing the same thing over again and expecting different results -Borris mop head Johnson
Tier 6, Boris and Kier circle in Helicopters ready to snipe you down if you dare leave your house.
Jeff Bezos watching this rubbing his hands together with a big smile on his face.
Enough is enough.This is tyranny and fascism and it has nothing to do with any virus.We don’t have a choice now,we mustn’t allow this criminal government to continue. DO NOT COMPLY TO THIS FASCIST GOVERNMENT. THERE IS NO PANDEMIC. Do not obey THEIR ridiculous rules,it’s destroying OUR country and OUR freedom and way of life. Do you really want to live in a country like North Korea ? because make no mistake that’s where all this is heading. Do not wear a mask,do not have the scam test and do not have any 100% unnecessary poison vaccine. Stand up for your freedom that millions have suffered and died to protect.Those brave people valued freedom,now it’s your turn to get off your knees and do the same.T H E R E   I S   N O   P A N D E M I C. DONT EVER SAY YOU WERN’T WARNED.
Look at bojos hair flicking with his breath. Good mask bojo
Can you tell what's the point of a Tier 4 restrictions if you'll do the third national lockdown regardless...
I can't believe even the scientific advisors are not seeing a trend here! during first lockdown schools shut everything shut! numbers fell!! September schools re open and ever since numbers rise shut everything back down stop using a watering can on a bush fire for god sake its us that's suffering not Borris just get it over with!
i hope to see millions on the streets in protest if they try and make the vax mandatory. if you dont join the protests whatever city you live in .  if that happens........then you deserve what you get.
Humans need learn it's not a lottery its nature time too evolve, it's inevitable
The tuff of his hair when he says "tough"
Lockdowns work so well we need 3 of them. The very definition of insanity. Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.
Right    3 of my sons while studying work part time at Mc Donalds which for the life of me cant understand why it is still open. yesterday   i was informed that an employee suspected he had covid  and had a test but carried on working in the store preparing food right up until the moment he got his positive result only then did the manager from a different store insist he left the store , it appears the store manager was aware of him taking a test but insisted he remained working or he would be sacked. my sons have been near this person and could have been put at risk because of a incompetent manager. i have insisted they do not return to work until tested . i have along with my family fully isolated since this began and i am outraged that because of Mc Donalds  my fanily is at risk .  do something about this .
Shut the boarders!!!
Why god why it’s not Johnson’s fault it’s the Coronas fault dam it 2020
My cousin reckons they shouldn’t let people go out to get essentials and the army should hand them out. That would give the uk the biggest army to population ratio in the world bc everyone would sign up to be in it as an excuse to go out. Then there’ll be a war.
Absolutely hilarious watching text book virologists who haven't got a clue. Boris and Hancock are the new Laurel and Hardy. That's another fine mess you got me into Hancock. Hahaha. Look, the more a virus spreads the more it mutates into something worse. Don't these morons know anything. Jeremy Hunt as it right. I ain't bothered as I have the two cures for all viruses. Bahaha.
‘Weeks’ ?
Oh my god how many people does he want to kill with his match vaccines  I want him to have it again  Long Covid this time
May God give these liars and frauds what they truly deserve. absoulute fake PLANdemic, SCAMdemic. satan worshipping zionist horrible pigs
Enjoy the ride gwontanamobay is sending a taxi for you with rest of the parasites. Corruption and tyranny at it best drain the swamp
This Virus is an absolute nightmare I live in Wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 we on Tier 4 it's horrible stuck in house everyday life doesn't seem normal no more you just wake up then you waiting to get head down I know it will be over 1 day but that seems a long time away yet I echo what people are saying feel sorry for people losing their jobs just a never ending nightmare at moment but just have to try and stay positive keep mind busy buy Assassin's Creed Valhalla I've done 117 hour's not completed it yet 1 of the best game's of all time keeping me going through the horrible time's anyway take care everyone and stay safe look after eachother X👍🍺🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🥃❤️🌟👻
Distraction Distraction Distraction
The  tears are not  working  50 000 a day  infected Johnson is quite happy to allow this  with him it  is not about nhs it is not about people it is money and is corrupt goverment
Tiers and circuit breakers, lockdowns and numbers based on completely unreliable testing, as well as hospitals the are not struggling - except hopefully with their consciences - are never going to "stop" the spread of a virus. Neither, as we have been reliably informed, will the already defunct GMO mRNA injectable drug. You'd think that the script had been written by a schizophrenic.
All well and good but is it going to be enforced this time? No, of course not, it's impossible to enforce it if the moron element won't comply.
People who keep thinking there's this great big conspiracy but can't actually explain what conspiracy they just say it's all fake and we're being controlled, but I always find it funny how those people can't actually explain how or why they want to do that... Wake up, maybe you shoukd read a scientific journal or actually do some proper research before just saying everything is fake because your too lazy to use your brain. By the time you figure out it will be too late anyway probably, or too late for one of your family members.
Boris your one year late for wearing a mask
I think it's enough with this scam from governments... They create they recreate and we just have to swallow.. Not fair to anyone!!
We’re trapped forever
Tier 5 get moved to isolated army base ,tier 6 solitary confinement  ,tier 7 firing squads
The amount of people who have lost their lives on Boris Johnson watch
It's time, take away everything, bring em bk too life.
You not going to see any impact becoz the numbers are proportional to a virus that spreads
Lies all lies its all a conspiracy who says these test we have from china actually work?
Who trusts this joker!!!
ISN'T this the doof who used "The GREAT RESET"  lingo "BUILD BACK BETTER"? JUST LIKE JUSTIN WEASLE TRUDEAU.
Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies!
England is set for a third lockdown... not the UK... get it right The Sun!!!
When he speaks the air from the mask is pushing his hair up 😂 it’s funny to watch.
So I guess we going to have an annual 4 month lockdown because this isn't going away and what makes him think another lockdown is going to work when none  of the previous lockdowns haven't?
I have made over 75 citizens arrests since November for breaking the rules.   Do what we tell you or you will be next
It's not a matter of patience Boris, the problem for us is where is your advice coming from? Let us see a more balanced approach. You are being manipulated.
Like seriously . Are we not tried of hearing this and expecting different result???☹️😀😆
if you think about we have already got the country under our control and it wont be much longer until they are mentally broken and we can serve them up with the new normal way of living
What strings is this puppet gonna pull this time?
Lies, all lies
D e p o p u l a t i o n  agenda! Folks
Fourth lockdown ya mean ...
If you can guarantee we will gain super powers if we get vaccinated then I’m sure more people would agree to getting the jab!!
I'm so over this guy chatting so much bull. We get it ok you want us to stay at home but can small businesses have another Grant.
Bring out the military and house arrest everyone in the country for 21 days. Give us a weeks warning to get food and supplies. Anyone who leaves there house should be arrested and imprisonment for a minimum of 6 months. Big enough deterant and long enough to get it gone.  Come on its not rocket science. The economy would not be suffering so much if we had taken this approach
ive worked in a supermarket for the entier lockdown didnt ware a mask untill it became mandotary and im still not dead yet, but according to Boris and his "SCIENCE" I should be. i think were be lied to about just how deadly this virus.   do i belive there is a virus? yes  do we need to stop living our lives and stop seeing our loved ones to bring it under control? no this is just divied and conquer.  wont be long now untill were told we cant go anywere without a special little pass.   goodbye freedom and democracy it was nice while it lasted.
Have a nice  haircut on my expenses my friend
he needs to shut secondary schools. they’re the BIGGEST benefiting factor towards covid cases omg
That chicken has ability to say thousands words which means big O
This is not about a vrus. Under 400 healthy people under the age of 60 have died from Covid. Average age of death is 80+. Stop acquiescing to the government. They are liars and criminals who want you scared into submission.
There should be sub-tiers that include people such as those who are shielding but work in a key industry so really it makes sense they should get the vaccine sooner.
Will school be closed in this lockdown
They talk like they know what they are talking about but in reality are clueless to what rules to do
Put the lockdown on your “am gonna” list
It’s funny how some comments have more likes than the actual video
I wish Boris would self isolate permanently and never come back
damn, this hospital was so full they had an entire ward so that there could be an interview with a whole tv crew there. and no patients coming in.
Why does this have 1.3K likes and 3.1K dislikes? It’s in reverse
The puffs of air on his hair, as he is speaking, demonstrate how useless masks are.
We haven't killed the economy enough lets go for another lockdown to be absolutely certain that small businesses don't recover and Amazon gets richer.
I wonder, if they do decide to close the secondary schools for lockdown, whether they will do the same for colleges as well. I find that very important
Why are we arresting people filming empty hospitals Boris 🧐
Just heard , on news astra vaccine is all good for over 60 year olds . They are priority .but the under 50's and kids still at risk ! ! Wtf
If you look at the numbers you see a 0.03% mortality rate from a population that likely had the virus in Feb already. The mortality rate is derived from the "died with, not of" covid figures and doesn't account for the deaths directly relating to being forced onto ventilators. I suspect the true mortality rate is much lower. Does this make any deaths less sad, no. We have plenty of existing medical conditions that are far more dangerous however, and they don't necessitate a police state and financial hardship for everyone though.   Alternatively I could just say "BAAAAA" and make everyone happy instead. What an absolute ass-nugget this man is...
The lockdowns will continue until every last company in the uk is dead and very neatly buried . Meanwhile in other news today the uk`s obsession with a moral duty to the nhs that ministers have been robbing for years so now it can no longer function we have to stay locked up in our homes to starve for that. The shops are closing as well click and collect only bring on the riots it`ll join nicely with the convient new strain from south africa that will no doubt arrive via late nite sprayplanes at 39.000 feet. five days and it will be here and i`ll be back to comment again when it does
They are evil leaders they are killing Us for no reason they have blood on their hands
please shut down school and cancel GCSEs
He says we need a lock down but I still have to go to school in lockdown like wtaf
Bring it on. Will save even more money 😂
Does this mean schools including nurseries will close?
Are we going to school there is a lot of confusion everywhere if people are going back most of London is shut so Boris Johnson needs to either make a decision is aunts not such as no schools headteacher the government need to make a choice not just the schools so a lot of parents and adults are confusing lie are we going back
When the UK wakes up and realises this isn’t about a virus!
Wearing the wrong type of mask in a hospital setting and also in the incorrect way 🤦‍♀️
Just my daily congratulations to this exemplary government on the complete eradication of influenza, they managed this while another more deadly and even more contagious virus was ravaging our towns and cities, the new virus has almost Identical symptoms and mortality rate as influenza but is much more sneaky, the scientists say you can only catch it indoors but we know that that’s just the virus pretending to do that so we have double bluffed it by making everyone stay indoors for as much time as possible, the scientists have also told us that children under ten and more likely to die from a poisonous toad than the new virus but we know it’s just tricking us and media are doing the right thing by telling the public these poor teachers will be walking over dead bodies if they reopen the schools, the scientists say that only n95 masks work but we know better and we know that any old rag or covering over your face will give you total protection from this devastating virus. It’s also disgusting Dr Matt Hancock was not on the New Years honours list.
You're just a puppet ...you just close leisure places but not the airports, no train stations and all the transports are still normally working.....how you think you can stop this virus with these fake tiers puppet?
Suuuuuup ☝️
The more tests there are, the more cases there are going to be... so i really do not believe what the 'numbers' are saying. It could be that we are not in a sudden spike, it could that the same amount of people have had covid, who haven't been tested.
You need to shut schools down
The fat clown is wearing the mask upside down, he doesn't know the mask is supposed to cover the nose not sit on the tip of the nose.
Flights into the country need to be stopped, so people from other countries don't spread this virus and make things worse
Yet yesterday he assured us schools are safe-
Remember this Virus is from China, when you buy goods.
Nobody believes the c*vid scam it’s all lies.... when are men going to grow a pair and stop walking around in masks.... world economic forum....great reset.... you will lose your property, bank balance vehicles.... all in the name of the Climate Scam....  DO YOUR RESEARCH PEOPLE!!!!
Global Scamdemic, "event 201"
I cannot listen to continuous lies this prat spouts
From the man that wouldn't wear a mask, now wears a mask.  Wouldn't stop shaking people hands,  Now not shaking hands. Anything else you would like to go back on Boris?
The establishment are in for a rude awakening in 2021.
More control
Tough times ahead while we tow the event 2 0 1 & w e f line
Tier 5 is Lockdown.
“Tried to”? My patience is wearing thin as this is his first interview I’ve seen with a mask on
Worst pm in history and Starmer would be even worse. He's sunk the UK quicker than corbyn could have dreamed. Total distaster.
You've got blood on your hands Boris. Economic collapse will kill far more than the virus via joblessness, alcoholism and suicides.  Maybe that was your goal all along?
Try ONS Covid deaths by post code
drippy mask boris x
Everything can change minute to minute. How is that hard to understand? Shows what kind of background you have came from.
People on furlough and benefits are supporting a lockdown.  The most selfish class.
I'll take the normal way of living, thanks... Boris, you're becoming a waste of time. I'm still here, I'm still going... Stop trying to keep me trapped at home with no fun!
The virus would be alot less effective if this government werent in power.
Wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him! He's full of the "proverbial :
Covid biggest scam ever
This muppet should be put in prison for criminal negligence.
If the government was serious to begin with things wouldn’t be that bad, but their reluctance has led to confusion and of course people stop listening because they can’t take Boris seriously, like lockdown with a schools still open, even the tier system it’s just half assed efforts
Believe in Jesus Christ he is our only saviour!
Lock down the whole country. Those with cars etc.. go to vaccination station drive throughs, those with no cars etc.. go to clinics or hospital vaccination social distancing station's and those elderly that cannot get out, the vaccinations come to them. Involve the whole UK 🇬🇧 then once covid has dropped then re-open the country.
we should have a lock down because people will not spread COVID
look at that double chin
fantastic
He is just blurting out what text he is been given by the so called experts, who are the real culprits.
I'm starting to think they're spraying something on us within the chemtrails
OMG 🙄
You fools voted for him, so u all deserve this.
Already on a lockdown ffs, what's he on about? Also stick the Vaccine were the sun doesn't shine! 🖕
Am I staying in lockdown all my life ? ? Wasteman
Time for him to shut up and resign you cannot keep taking away peoples rights with out them rebeling against you
Where is the evidence that the virus is surging please ........?
The tier system is a load of crap!! This would have been dealt with if they had closed UK boarders and stopped trying to protect the economy in the the first lockdown because people are still losing their jobs and COVID deaths are at there highest. If COVID hasn’t killed them the government has!!
Boris don’t know what he’s doing
I actually like bojo
The bogus PCR test that cannot detect infections and is processed to yield false positives can be used to maintain the illusion of a pandemic ENDLESSLY. Only if we unite against this evil will it end.
New strain pish. Nonsense
Also this country and the government knew this pandemic was coming almost 4 weeks before the first recorded case in the uk why didn't they shut the borders made lockdown happen before it landed here the whole world is not gonna get rid of this deadly disease because I'd say at least 30 to 40 percent of countries can not afford this vaccine by the mass which that in itself is a worry for the rest of the population in other countries all countryside should stop air travel rail travel public transport etc.they also say the new strain from Africa is not affected by the vaccines available so whats next mass extinction of human life . Shut the world down deliver food to each household stop this in its path or there wont be no normality for many years to come
Watch his fringe  move because of his breath when he emphasises a word or letter,that mask is absolutely pointless!!this is beyond ridiculous now
Hard sell for the vaccine, simple as that.
Please no
Rubbish! Admit you got it wrong, man, and let Britain get back to work.
All just fake hype and opportunity for politician buy time to hide all their mistakes   and deviate people from real issues and impact of brexit
Stay at home and order your food and drink from supermarket deliveries... Stay in bed or at home.. Fresh air will kill you.   Stay hungry for the next three weeks, and you'll be able to eat and drink as much as you like after the lockdown. Think that's what he's saying. Thanks.....
People are blaming this on boris, it’s the idiots seeing 15 people at a time
Absolute rubbish based on no provable scientific evidence.
Worst PM in history, just copies others because he hasn't any clue himself. Utter utter embarrassment to the country. Lies lies lies, keeps changing goalposts, forgets we tried lockdown twice before, all they did was create waves, no map out of this, conveniently, so his entitled mates can reap the harvest while real people's businesses go to the wall. 2021 will continue like this until the media allows real scientists airtime or there is a revolution to rid us of this unqualified government and their manipulated figures.
fascism is getting close wake up people before is to late!
Sick and tired of his bulshit
Free Julian Assange
Go to school but also don’t go to school it is safe but has a high risk
The day I leave my parents for student travel week, he now decides he wants a lockdown now I’m on my own...
humanity crimes.
Title should be "Boris warns as England enters third lockdown then Wales and Scotland does their own things"
How long are they going to pretend that they can do anything about a virus? It will infect the target population.
Why are people taking advice about health from such an unhealthy, untidy slob. Unbelievable.
How about stop the people spreading fear I cant even get my haircut this is starting to wind me up and wen I see maskwears I dont show then any emotion just look straight through them
Oh so 3 weeks to flatten the curve?
Great businesses interruptions, really great support...
SHUT SCHOOLS FFS
Full of 💩
Shut down schools and unis
We are just going to ignore the matching tie with the plastic bags on the wall :)
Boris you know we all hate you lol
Continuous Brainwashing !!! Btw. Happy New Tier....
Wait, I thought tier 4 WAS lockdown! What isn't lockdown about "stay at home"? Ffs
I’m questioning if boris has dementia
"We have tough, tough weeks to come" yet you'll happily keep schools open...
He is totally insane, does the same thing over and over.
Here we go and this is all your fauly everyone, you should have followed the rules when told.
My god please let us go back to uni
National lockdown is months to late for the U.K. 🇬🇧
Disobey lockdowns, the government is not your friend
This government is like the film one flew over the cuckoo's nest. Diane Abbott is nurse Ratched
Invasion of the body snatchers
So many dislikes but no actual action... Just acquiescence.
another change in process, what surprise!!
So if the virus is surging then this tier system isn't working boris is it?
Man’s been reading too many fan fictions to describe anything as “surging”
Pardon ?   Didn't quite catch that !
They know from October and they silenced media and people pay the price. Always
I now know a number of people who have ‘had’ covid. All have had nothing worse than flu symptoms. I also know a number of people who have apparently died of Covid. Three were elderly who went in with other problems and caught Covid in hospital two recovered and died of other problems but went down as Covid deaths. The final one  50 yrs old went in hospital with liver failure - caught Covid in hospital and died. Weather it was Covid or liver or both I don’t know. These are only observations I have made. Others may have different experiences. To me, this virus is being used as a Trojan horse to bring in something I don’t like the look of. The huge push to take vaccines are blatantly obvious as is the huge amounts of propaganda being spewed out by the mainstream media. Anyone who believes a government obviously hasn’t studied history!
Fake NEWS.
Hotl
lockdown to LOCK OFF
B.S.
In any given year there is roughly double the amount of deaths due to lung disease in uk than there is covid deaths in a year's timeframe.  How come we don't see those lung disease deaths just dropping dead left right and centre like the media want us to believe us the case with covid.  Wake the f**k up people.
Who gets support from government money? I had no choice but to return to work as I could not afford to pay bills and buy food on the £92 a week    allocated
Should of had tough mesures from the start!
Why is his tie tucked into his shirt
I see that mask is doing a fine  job, completely air tight around his snout....
Why is he stood in a hospital saying this I thought that the hospitals was overburdened with people who are been seen for covid but yet they make space for borris to say something he could have said just about anywhere doesn't make sense to me
too little too late
Anyone else just skip the video and head straight to the comments section for some honest opinions on this sh*tshow?
Scotland lockdown but you can still go to work sorry not safe in my opinion lockdown should be lockdown 8pm tonight England lockdown but kids go to school and non essential workers can go to work In factory's so again we are not in lockdown
Bla bla bla
Stupid stupid stupid, more lockdows, more poverty more real sick people being condemned to death. Nice one borris, you should be held accountable for the many death on YOUR hands
Mad lively hairdo
Crawl lower Johnson you slave
Let me guess,  we will definitely beat this virus after 699 lockdowns
Tough times if you’d kept us locked down originally for the longer period, recovery would have been easier for the people and economy, I’m one of those people that have recently lost their job and family due to idiots either not being sensible or wasting time and common sense which stops people that are ill from covid or even other major illness being seen. I’m fuming I suffer with depression and ocd and find it even harder as I live on my own and now no job. Use your heads stop wasting health workers time and use common sense
I can't wait year to be over and welcoming year 2023!
Bojo should by wearing three masks to cover his entire face ,i can see his breath blowing his hair about ,plus he's fugly.
He hasn’t got a fecking clue which way to go.
The way he said the public has tried to stick to the guidelines, hilarious.. why is he thanking people for trying rather than acc doing it
Shut up you puppet go eat a toffee apple
Like Winston Churchill is Boris Johnson fighting this war and all how frontline worker's to
Sick of Boris saying "we must go further." Can't wait to see him booted out of Number 10. I think the British people are sick of this blonde orangutan.
Are we just playing a game of "Starmer Says"?
Alice in wonderland...
the like:dislike ratio 😍
When other countries were in lockdown they are now safe and but London didn’t do a lockdown and kids went to schools and got more covid case now look.
To late doing this you should have done the lock down from the beginning of march with the break site you made people blind to do anything you didn't care about anything but breaksite only who are going to brings back all those people died though
Can see his covid breath gusting up his face and moving his hair.
AND ANOTHER ONE
Oh more lies..I guess you lot are receiving your monthly wage?
What a complete useless tool this man is!!!!
Shut the schools shut the whole country give the uk the vaccines keep lockdown in place till no further new cases and all have recovered
Should of shut down everything back in November now we have no hope
Twit. Treat the virus as you do with influenza and the common cold. With a recovery rate of over 98% you dont need to lockdown. All that achieves is a destroyed economy. People need to work. Live with the virus it is not going anywhere.
What a load of rubbish, as soon as we come out of this lockdown cases will increase again🙄🙄
I defied the last lockdown and will defy the next dozen of them
I knew they were going to do a u-turn no surprise
Notice how effective the mask is, Everytime a word with T or P is spoken his fringe has a dance.
O.1 percent of the nation could die We'll in that case let's lock everyone up increasing the rate of suicide, house fires, acts of violence, and what ever else I can't think of  morons
UK government: Corona has finally been defeated  Me: Nice *goes to check calendar*  The calendar: 2056
The lockdowns didn't work, the tiers don't work. So they're going to keep doing them. Insane. Viruses have been around for billions of years. Wake up. You might as well try to stop the wind from blowing
Kary mullis or Dr Carrie Madej.  At your leisure of course.
I am rell sad  I need to go to school in the 18th
Why wont the bbc show the hundreds of thousands of people who have had COVID and didn't even know it.
THERE IS NO VIRUS. just a bunch of false PCR positives and covid deaths certificates from people who died from something else.
Being a single mum and no family and friends. Locked in since a year now as my child is in high risk category. Depressed life and this BS
“Boris holding the brexit deal saying, this is the feast”  No, I don’t think so.
The last lockdown didn’t work So... Let’s have another lockdown Never mind that this will cause the already crumbling economy to be completely wiped out.  No matter that most small businesses are already on the edge, and taxi drivers and zero hours contract workers are already on starvation (third world) wages. No matter that this will likely cause many more deaths from suicide, cancer and heart disease. No matter that the last lockdown didn’t work anyway, because they aren’t going to work, and there is likely a completely different solution that would work a load better. Nope, the defenition of insanity: repeating the same something and expecting differing results.
I'm ment to be going back to uni. Can't see that happening
Yeah
Exams definitely should be cancelled
Tier 4 this virus is so dangerous we should all limit our movements...therefore...send your kids to mingle...
most of my local pubs, bars etc never re-opened after the first lockdown, looks like they're actually gonna go under this time :( Not to mention all the now abandoned buildings of ex-businesses. Things are about to get heavyy
The whole of 2021 will be like this
Depression , anxiety and migraine are my friends now .
How long till the comments are turned off?
Prize prat. In and out of lockdowns. Trying to please everyone. We could of cleared our country of Covid months ago if he stopped messing around. Trying to keep the rich  happy. We don't want them having to sell their 2nd homes or cancel that extension they were playing for a indoor pool. Can someone please tell me, why they continue to vote when all these politicians do, is lie. Also why aren't they removed from parliament once they've failed to deliver on the promises that got them votes. Also I think it's a joke that they have to call each other honourable. I don't think they realise how much they anger people. I can't understand how so many people are flying out of the country if we're meant to be in this stupid tier system✌🏼
Listen to the full interview and hear the interviewer imply that the problems are OUR fault.
Another pointless lockdown again should of acted at the start of all this you melt not halfway through
Can we get someone who speaks the Queens English please also a parliament that actually works for the people and not against them, they rubbing hands together way to much
Serfdom.
Common Boris don't hesitate and be afraid you are in charge. Lock the irresponsible down. You can
THE MEDIA IS THE ENEMY.
Wrong, Boris; tougher measures are needed to control YOU.
No one  is flowing the guidance people not wearing masks and they still mixing in different houses even private parties mr jonson
Lock down does not work lock up Johnston and his goons
How much longer must this farce continue for all of us to wake up and take back our lives from tyrannical government control. Or is this it ? All those people who died in world wars to protect our freedom and democracy have literally died for nothing. As we sit here and do absolutely nothing.
3 weeks to flatten the curve
i gotta go college still yet we cant leave our homes
Bye bye job.
The lack of comments from the people who have suffered from this awful killer virus speaks in volumes, why aren't celebrities or anybody in the public eye dying from it ? Other than ones over 70 who may have been on their way out regardless ?  ?    ?
Do people still believe those liars
2020: the year that hypochondria got promoted from mental illness to social norm
Boris claims there doing everything to stop people spreading Covid but when he put London and Kent in tier 4 they let thousands of people hop on trains and in there cars and go where ever they wanted for Christmas and new years. You did nothing Boris sure you put tier 4 in place but you didn't stop people from leaving the night you set it in place you didn't bother to stop the trains from leaving tier 4 places or people from just getting in there car and leaving tier 4 places you announced tier 4 let everyone leave then put actions in place your a joke honestly shouldn't be in a position of power!!! And on top of that you haven't even pulled the train companies up on it or done anything about it.
Anyone would think they want us gone our children everything bankrupt then gone.  It’s like the super rich want their Xanadu and billions of us aren’t invited
Shut it bozo
Sucks to be in the UK. Chattel to HRH Lizard.
Boris saying, 'things are going to get more tougher', wtf. People have already got it tough losing there businesses and thousands more unemployed and hardly any help for the self employed. What planet is this man on.. Everything should have been close down in September when this new strain came to light this goverment aren't the quickest of the mark All nurses and doctors care workers etc should be vaccinated and teachers and pupils next dreadful this crises will never end with this incompetents
My patience has run out and I have had enough of all this. Am I the only one?
What he means 3rd lock down? Should this go forth, wouldn't this be the 4th lock down? Being in this state for a very long time is what killing humanity not covid as how though they make it seems. They just want control over people lives.
Why is he wearing a mask? I thought he had i6 months ago!! Maybe he's a spreader!!
If you have tried the lockdown route and it clearly isn't working, stop doing it. Obvious really. Hell, we tried months long lockdowns and nothing worked. Here's an idea, forget lockdowns and try the herd mentality like some European countries have. Odd how their numbers are negligible, isn't it?
Only way their gonna be able to get a vast majority to stay indoors for few weeks is close EVERYTHING down AND a incentive
Next week there will be tier 44
Waiting for the impact of tier 4 on the virus ? Don't you mean 'small business's'
Enjoy life.
Congrats Boris!!  Your handlers must be extremely pleased with you...😏
Dark winter....... he sold us out .......
these daft silly restrictions are not working, just making things worse so lets throw a load more silly restrictions at it lol laughable
you are a great scientists
Government. Govern= to control. Ment = Mind. Mind control wake up we are the sleeping giant
3rd lockdown    “School Still Open” -_-
A complete incompetent buffoon. STOP FLIGHTS FROM SOUTH AFRICA IMMEDIATELY. New Variant being spread that our present vaccines may not be effective for This is URGENT, otherwise could be catastrophic, and make our whole vaccine programme obsolete.
More scare mongering propaganda
His mask isn’t even on properly!
why dont you just lock the whole UK down even takeaway cause the staff will also can be from other area travel to work for like 2-3 weeks but shops like tesco and sainsbury operate as usual .
Wat time she on news and channel
This is the day his career is going to end...
Whatever!
Tier 6 "Don't You dare to breathe"
Yet more lies from our government. A game is afoot. God knows what their corrupt end game is.  One thing for sure they ain't scaring a free United Kingdom back into EU under the guise of aid and bail outs!!!!
Two words ..... not good enough
God is punishing us for voting for the Tories
I have just read all the comments here.   The level of culpable stupidity is frightening.   Who are you people.????
The Great Reset.
The biggest scam in history. Wake up people.
All we need to do now is to build more and more schools. "Because they are safe". Cafe or restaurants etc just need to be designed/build like schools building and covid wont enter so we dont need the lockdown!
Just think how many pay rises, bonus’s and expenses these MP’s have taken throughout this pandemic. Seems they get an extra £10k for every decision they make hence all the U turns.
Boris you already destroyed United Kingdom don’t be shy just put lockdown .🤣
I just came here to see the dislike ratio.
School opened, buses running during non-peak hours and airports still transporting Covid around the world shows this is nonsense.
Time for Doris to go.  Listen to how is blaming people for the fact that lockdowns don't work.
His logic makes zero sense by leaving all the schools open but closing everything else. It's like putting up a perfectly water tight tent to stop the rain coming in and then saying "but we will just put a few obvious holes in the roof, it's perfectly fine I can assure you". That's how STUPID these idiots actually are, it is mind numbing. Either the virus is so terrible that everything gets shut or everything opens back up and we get on with it like we do with flu, which in itself infects a billion people worldwide and kills up to 650,000 people globally each year.
Seriously, what is going on with this man? Who is controlling him and telling him what to say? England must comply to tougher rules, but send your children to mix with thousands of other children at school?
Gone too far. Living with the flu. This is not lawful. He has to wear a mask to frighten the sheep I’ll informed & quite frankly stupid, also easier to be a liar hiding like he does seem to.
Something is going on with the Primary Schools as well. A few hours ago the School emailed us to ensure that we were aware of the 5th Jan start date and to ensure School accounts were topped up for dinners etc. 30 mins ago email saying that school will be closed for all students tomorrow so that they can set up provisions for key worker students starting on Weds and Remote learning for all other students. I think Primary schools are preparing for a national delayed start as well. We will see tonight.
I work in a warehouse, will I be furloughed and kept off work?
You Bafoon. Lockdowns are not working.
Honestly, I wish you would’ve put us all on lockdown sooner rather than later and a real lockdown where EVERYTHING was closed and nobody would be allowed out, no matter how long it would’ve taken, at least we would’ve gotten rid of COVID a lot sooner rather than any later, but unfortunately you were way too calm and didn’t take it as seriously back then, so look at us all now, on Tier 4-5. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Are these people actually retarded? If this is a real illness, it's clearly not going anywhere,  we can't just stay in hiding for ever, sad acts,  we need to start rioting.....
I am already in third lockdown
My school no mask no social distance my school is rubbish my teachers say boris Johnson I stuiped
If you keep schools open, you just put the last nail in your coffin. Kids are only going to spread it rampantly through the school, and then take it back to their homes and give it to their parents, parents go to work and most likely spread it there, and so on. If you can't see this then I really can't wait to leave the U.K and go somewhere where they more brains than you.
don't see no surge in China
I say to you Boris, for god sake man, we know what your upto.. This is not the 70s. We have ways of communicating with people on the other side of the planet.. We hear from nurses, Doctors, scientists and thousands of genuine people that can see, nothing matches with what you all say.. Made up figures to blind and scare us.. You are all just puppets following orders from the mega rich control freaks, who have decided they are gonna run the world and what about the videos of leaders and other officials getting the vaccine shot.. There isn't even needles in the fricken syringes.. But the fake news still puts it out there for us to see.. THE PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP.. Rant over
Why is all of a sudden wearing a mask??? Especially on his own.
Are school closing??
Blatant abuse of the rt-pcr test. What a surprise the cases are rising.  Oddly,  the test can't identify specific Corona viruses or MORE importantly in what quantity!  FRAUDSTERS.
teenage mutant ninja Kung Flu varient
And when lockdown no 3 doesn't  work, what then Boris?
This guy has no clue as to what his doing. He needs to resign ASAP
this is biological warfare'
Cool, another pointless lockdown to ignore.
In China every thing is normal, but in UK is super hazard? This is joke...
boris speaks in waffle
I thought we were on 5th or 6th lockdown currently
Lockdowns don't work u muppet, it's obviously now ...
Sounds bit quiet? Almost like a set or even ..... an empty hospital?
Horse mouth Boris
So tough lockdown but we can work still hahaha sounds like baldricks cunning plan stick two carrots up your nose and pray
I guess the governments are all just sincerely collectively trying to save the world... money, power, or revolutionizing their control and order systems has nothing to do with this unfortunate outbreak of rebranded influenza. Our government is always in the right and has never lied to us, all the wars in the past were nothing but our superhero government saving us all from bad guys and evil dictators...and the media is 100% our src of truth,  especially the tabloids. I mean none of us know what's best for ourselves collectively as a human race, and we can only rely on the scientists and doctors under the government or the WHO because those independent of the government who are not singing the same song are just not clever enough or inadequate in some way shape or form. I mean we all get to vote every election for the red or blue party so democracy must work. :)
And enter all the paranoid delinquents who think this is all a scam.
What an idiot of a PM
The great reset . Get used to it. It’s only just begun!
BOOOORRRRING
Łapka w dół i spierdalam
Boris and The Sun in one place. Could not hit the THUMBS DOWN hard enough!
This man is so incompetent that he is more dangerous than covid.
I'm sick of Covid, but tbh I'm more sick of Boris.
Stay at home go to work 😂🤣😂
The dislikes are from babies
Weve been in and out of lockdowns for the past year they clearly do nothing at all so why another
Every where i enter i where my mask just like boris but i get refused entry because i told to cover my nose fully .  Now you tell me what in about to ask next ???
More like months, Clown PM
We should lock you up
These idiots haven’t lost a single pay check since the start.
A more realistic title would be "Boris Johnson wants all the credit for a natural decline in infections so claims the new, stricter rules will help a few weeks before the flu season ends"
Liar!!!!!!
Good morning Britain
Your right about one thing boris. Are patience has definitely run out with you. If that’s what you meant.
The man put in charge of committing a genocide against his people.
Might test my eyes, anyone fancy a drive
Nobhead
Welcome to 2021... more like 2020 part 2
You have to break something if you wish to rebuild it.  This is controlled demolition folks! Oh yes, do keep sending your children to the brainwashing camps old chap.. we can tell them whatever crap we like and it will be believed. Wouldn’t want to break that
Idc about these restrictions ngl I’m gonna do what I want f the govt
Covid
Everyone needs to stop moaning about conspiracies now and just SUCK IT UP. 😒
Everytime I see BoJo the clown come on I always think of that circus tune you know the one
Time to get angry, people.
Well there goes my 8am tee time
This genius wanted schools open today
Where is the Evidence lockdowns work?  WEF are pulling his strings.  Wake up to the scam.
IF LOCKDOWNS WORK THEN WHY THE MASKS AND IF MASKS WORK THEN WHY THE LOCKDOWNS 🤔!!?? That’s because this is not about controlling a virus it is about controlling YOU .....!! Can’t you see it yet???? Just start asking WHY.
Tier 9: You must not see your family at home!  Also tier 9: Schools should stay open where students mix with over a thousand people
So we are all going to lose everything to save 7600 people out of 63 million when they took 60 years to ban welding fumes 54 years to ban asbestoses 50 years to ban mining dust they killed thousands and thousands of men because the cost to industry far out weight the cost of humane life  so whey are we now losing everything to say the dead and the dying because that's all we are doing
IS UNITED STATES IMMUNE TO COVID OR LOCATED ON ANOTHER PLANET? WITH NO RESTRICTIONS COVID AIN'T AFFECTING THEM WORSE THE GREAT BRITAIN
I'm surprised people believe this virus even exist.. Why are the hospitals empty
Lies lies lies, hospital are hempy,
It’s proven lockdowns don’t work, tiers don’t work. So why does this incompetent government continue to use the same failing tactics?
Lock down  Obey the rules work WORK but nothing else take the vaccine we will control you                "OBEY"
Lockdown after lockdown its never gna work
All of them are investing in companies YOU DONT EVEN KNOW EXIST...   They are keeping EVERYONE LOCKED DOWN while they create the scheme, problem, reaction, solution programme... the only virus is them and their tactics of propaganda and terrorism on the people.   will we give up our assets for the WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM that they are pushing on us? They are hoping so
Boris thanks for ruining my life
10 months in and we are worse off than where we were in March.
That mask of his  is super affective.... 🙄
Why are the who being sued by universities which had 150000 positive tests and couldn't find covid in any of them and when they asked for a sample were told they don't have one!! So like them we need prove!!
MORE BILLIONS OF TAXPAYERS MONEY TO FUND PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES.
By the time the majority wake up to this agenda it will be to late. Research the great re-set and the 4th industrial revolution
I actually don't trust whatever this man says at all.People have lost jobs,been separated from their loved ones and every other second the numbers keep getting higher and the covid strain is getting worse not even explain exactly what the new symptoms are for the new strain,the best thing to do let's lock these people in their houses and force the vaccination on them its actually madness at this point
why is he wearing a mask he had the virus ages ago.
Schools arnt safe just lockdown now
All based on a PCR test where they're interpreting Cycle Count values over 35 as a POSITIVE result!!  Any doctor who knows how PCR works knows this is scandalous!
The only ones who should be lock up are you johnson and all the corrupt politicians for TREASON.
ANOTHER Boris failure coming up at 8pm this eve
TOUGHER BUT BORDERS OPENED. BUSINESS AS USUAL FOR THE BIG HARRYS OWNING THE FLIGHT COMPANIES.
I'm sure I'll still be scaffolding then Boris as Covid doesnt get to us. Clever virus this
Covid is rapidly spreading but exceptions are given to estate agents and surveyors.
Don't listen to this buffoon when he says it's safe to take your kids to school. It's only to allow parents to work so the government earns the money through them from tax
There is no proof the vaccine will stop transmission and provide herd immunity.  And there is no proof it will be effective against the new strain.  A lockdown of healthy people at very low risk is just extending the pandemic further.
Everyone has done well?! Oh sod off. No one has listened! Why else have the cases surged?!
Don't close sites boris, I'll lose my house, I can't afford to go on any more I need to work.....
Disgusting authoritarianism. Fight for freedom! Do not obey.
It's forever now... No future..
This disgusting human....
Bad leaders make no decisions.
Until the vaccine is rolled out he's going to have to continue with the same set of tools, which is a fair assessment of his cabinet.🤷‍♂️
Has covid cured influenza.?????
😄 Cough on your nan and grandad 💨
THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN AN ANCIENT LITERATURE & HISTORY CLASSICS EXPERT LEADS YOU. LACK OF MODERN & INNOVATIVE IDEAS
Boris reminds me of my Drama teacher back in secondary school. In a high position but when asked a question, answers a roller coaster answer so you’d be confused af and be like, “alright.” 😂
Stop listening to them! Cough on old people!
This ain't the third BJ, this the fourth.
Break down the country further with the new “variant” and then build back as the new sovereign state, that’s the plan we can all see it
Didn't he, once again, rule this out not long back? He might not have tbf, it's just really hard to keep track of his U-turns at this point!
Apparently with tier 10 you have to encase your self in CONCRETE.
Its no wonder we have so many cases of covid you allowed the population of Wuhan to fly directly into the UK for MONTHS without even the most rudimentary checks.   We are governed by IDIOTS!
How does anybody fall for this crap!
Completely crushing the economy hasn't worked before why do it again??
A little bit late but it’s about time. Got to be ruthless before it gets better.
Hahahaha he said wait and see hahahaha
More lies and propaganda from the treasonous cult that are pushing this fake Covid plandemic scam reset!!
I do feel for Boris , always been a labour girl, but hats off to him I think he’s a very good job in situations that there is no rule book for !
He loses brain cells at an astronomical rate
POV: You're genuinely sick of hearing this guy's voice
It’s already ran through the population
Cases, cases, cases.... Fake numbers drummed up by fake scientists.  Where are the piles of bodies Boris?  If masks work, why do we lock down?  If lockdown work, why the masks? . If this virus is so deadly, why keep schools open, and shops?   Why can I go and mingle with at keast a hundred different households at my place of work, despite social distsnce?  (a moronic phrase in and of itself)  Why push for a vaccine when the survivability is  at nearly 100 percent?  Why are the sage advisors NOT actual scientists?.  Why is there little to no proof of the exact type of virus, or whether it is possible to isolate it (tip, you can't)  These and many more questions, after the apocalypse.
It's gone beyond silly now so I'm just going to revel in the mutilation of society the government are inflicting now. Let's get that unemployment rate up, let's see those businesses burn, let's have lots of you folks on SSRI's... fantastic. Tier 5, is that all you've got? Tier 6 please.
all while the corrupt Torys are profiteering off PPE...
No doubt  Boris is gonna say that children still have to go back to school
The 'virus' is not 'surging', this is media from a parallel universe.
I remember when this first started. There was videos coming from China with people literally collapsing in the streets dead from covid and hospitals packed with hundreds of people sprawled across the floors. Funny how nothing like that has ever happened in any other country and Chinas suddenly gone back to normal? How strange.
He’s putting words in other people’s mouths. NOT ALL EDUCATION SETTINGS ARE SAFE!!!!!!
This gets funnier and funnier. I’m doing A levels right now and I hate and I mean I hate online learning and because of this lost case that keeps taking us in and out of lockdown I might lose my education
Wheres John Wilkes booth when you need him, Harvey would do aswell
This period the small businesses and small companies they suffered to much!!! Most of them are already eaten by big corporations 😌 So sad 😞!!
You, yes you, no one cares about your opinion so don’t even waste your time typing it in the comments.  Queue the “then why leave a comment?” comments ;)
People still buy this 'pandemic'
Englands population has been pussified, continue letting your leaders walk all over your backs you cowards.
Why u always lieing???
Let us remember that lot of people have died. May they rest in peace. All those who are suffering let they be cured. Those who are without jobs, may they find even better jobs. My thought are with you and your families. We don't know when our life will return to normal but let us keep the lamp of hope alive 🌻
Sock puppet leader
nice ass boris, he is our saviour he is our king
He isn't saving lives he is destroying lives and quality of lives for 10s of millions in the UK for decades to come. This is the worst cost benefit analysis in history.
It's all about the vaccine. Next winter will be a million times worse. Will be blamed on a new strain or whatever.....
This guy is repeatedly contradicting himself. God love him, he hasn’t got a clue.
Tough 🤔 do I go for a walk? Lay in till late,  plenty of time for hobbies. Sounds awesome to me. Chinese flu season again. Lockdown didn't work the last time so will this work again?  As some professors say "all your doing is delaying the inevitable"
The Queen has every reason to throw this guy off his pm position first he breaks national treaty rules and then he puts lockdowns and stupids restrictions every other country is stable at this point
Well I’m glad big man boris still as a job 😂🙄
Can’t believe this man is our prime minister when his mask doesn’t fit round his nose properly 😂
yet, he insist children should be sent to school
Shouldn't Boris's mask have a big RED NOSE
Full uk lockdown from midnight again, just wait and see. They obviously work don’t they....what a tool...and I was RIGHT
what a muppet ..... no words just lies and lies and BS.
Lockdowns obviously don't work!  can't we try opening the country back up?
People wake up to this scam and stand for your right we are the 99% and they are the only 1% dont be scared and lets get our freedom back
And yet he keeps schools open because it's the safest place for kids to be. The amount of young people going hospital for Corona are going up😕
Pot noodle tories.especially from Sunderland,must be loving this.
Schools are completely safe though, close em all lad we need it !!!!!!!
Can't wait to vote him out
It's A Virus....And sooner or later we have got to live with it..Before The country is Bankrupt........
Still trying to flatten that curve I see.
over here stressing over the amount of cases they are, having today nearly 60,000 cases and still not shutting down school?? some down syndrome hippo
All I heard was blah blah blah fluff!
its a lie! I work at a school where no staff have been tested! Kids are due to come....
his mask does not have the metal around the nose, as he talks the air "dirty" moves his hair ... 🤦‍♂️
Close colleges and schools ffs. The new virus effects younger people the most this is literally sending people to their deaths just so they can hand in homework about cell structure.   And getting education to have a good future doesn't matter if we don't live to see it.
Suprise suprise , who would have guessed ????? ...round 2 of the push for agenda 2030....only 9 more years of crap till they reach their goal.
ZA WARUDO
Stop lying no one believes you anymore  lockdowns haven't worked the same thing with masks,  isolate the vulnerable those people who underlying illnesses and let the healthy build up a resistance to the virus
And while we had Christmas cancelled Piers Morgan had a holiday to the Caribbean. Still think this is about controlling a spread of a virus think again, it's one rule for us and one rule for them.
“In their ruling, judges Margarida Ramos de Almeida and Ana Paramés referred to several scientific studies. Most notably this study by Jaafar et al., which found that – when running PCR tests with 35 cycles or more – the accuracy dropped to 3%, meaning up to 97% of positive results could be false positives" So a false positive will still class as a case even with no symptoms. Bearing in mind that the average age of deaths for covud is 81 years old. The same as the average life span of 81 years.
Cancel exams
Instead of a lockdown for the most frail and economically unproductive age groups for a few months,  they destroyed the economy and indebted the country for decades.
More lies ,lies ,lies,lies  Wonder if Bungling Boris cares , obviously not.  Anything he says doesn't make sense.
maybe instead sending people to take vaccine all of people "in charge"  should have a bran surgery to check if there are any brain cells left there or was it all distributed into cream producers.
Lockdowns kill more than covid, the gov is now guilty of genocide
All part of the Globalist's Agendas being played out in plain sight now and I now believe that they believe they are unstoppable - FIGHT BACK NOW!
Hate to say it but it’s just natures way of thinning us out, we are an over populated world, which is actually ruining the world!
Things will get much much worse if we continue to bend over for these charlatans
Is he in a bathroom 😳
ARE SCHOOLS CLOSING
Pls close all schools pls
hahaha keep pumping it out bbc your masters are done Your time is done   and you will be held ACCOUNTABLE
Always expected. It's more about the public who were that stupid to ever have faith in him in the first place. They facilitate it all.
Next he's probably going to ban toilet roll or something
look at his hair being blown about by his breaths😂😂😂😂
More time at home getting paid, already had nearly a year ;-)  Bring it on
Make me priminister and I’d have us in a 6 month lockdown back in October
Get this wolly out
Got the virus surging but won't ever shoulder any of the responsibility from encouraging overseas holidays and keeping schools open.
And foreigners think this is the place to build their dreams
They are an opportunistic lot ! I'd like to fast forward 18 months and take a peek.
Third lockdown? Aren't we in one now? The worst part is I've lost track, can't tell.
0:37 boris we’ve been doing our ‘bit’ for a year. If you had put us in total, national, army on the streets, lockdown LAST FEBRUARY for a couple of months,  I don’t think we would be suffering like this today. Smh
No body believes your Bumbling Boris Bull💩 anymore👎
I now have no job a no money and the way life is I welcome death
All we need to do is to lock Boris and his bodys Hancock and 2 so call " scientists advisers".
Well what's the difference if I can't play 6 a side either way?
Flip off boris give me back my freedom
He looks flustered with that mask....welcome to our world Boris
❤
Have respect for people that died ignorant fools.
My lord, had I detected any sign, or whisper of the covid I would have informed you right away
No overwhelmed hospitals during the summer holidays and the blm protests ...... major bs
The man is a conniving and evil plank.
I know boris is trying to keep education up and stuff but...  The virus is spreading fastest through schools. Ur sayin mor severe rules but ur sendin people to school? I think he’s just doin this because like children don’t catch COVID as much as adults. But the way they’re mixing makes it so they do catch it oftenly. Last lockdown was more like tier 4. If it was a lockdown then we’d stay at home and only leave if you’re a key worker or u need to get ur essentials like food. School is essential but technology exists so everyone can do it online but with online shopping the items still get delivered so u r still kind of mixin so key workers, essential shopping and goin to hospital durin emergency should be only excuses to leave during a lockdown
Muppet government
Boris Johnson "Releasing Prisoners Early, Yet Making Us All Prisoners In Our Own Homes" we need to start a partition to get him out of his leadership role and into real life society to see what he is doing to us.
You are a laughing stock do you think we believe you ha ha ha
So school are closing?
Cleary not working 🤷🏻‍♀️
Supermarkets full of hundreds of people is ok though
“The new virus strain affects and spreads rapidly through young people”  Boris: “schools must stay open”
Next up- a curfew. No one outdoors after 8pm. Mark my words. We can't go on like this, this is insane. The Government wants you dead or under house arrest.
Lies also infect the Liar.
Stop everyone coming down to Cornwall that would help a lot
Frist, lets start using the correct masks! lets not be like our MP who is using the incorrect type. its supposed to create a seal around your mouth and noise -.-
Where has the flu gone?
Cockend
Boris to wancock " We need more lockdowns, there may still be some businessess left that have not gone bankrupt yet and some people still have jobs" wancock " we'll soon sort that out"
.... hate this situation.... mad at the gov.... but nothing I can do.
Stop lying  boris. Bumbling  baffoon.
Go to Bitchute and search for Gates fun vaxx
This whole thing really has brought out stupidity in it's worst forms.
Ahhh pissoff!!!
It’s not a lockdown if schools are still open 🤦🏻‍♂️
Everybody should refuse to comply,this is war now
The virus is the media and government
Never ending lockdowns more bizare restrictions to come. They will tell you that taking the vax will set you free!!!..................in truth it will enslave you in ways you can't imagine.
crime goes on and on, government need sacking
This guy is a useless sellout. Completely controlled by Globalist Elites. Only the people can refuse to conform to this Flu World Order nightmare. That’s the only way this ends; mass no conformity.
I never ever wish bad on anybody , but genuinely from the bottom of my heart , I wish nothing but misery to these people running the country. Especially for the way they find it so nice and easy to mess around with all of us during these times
Government realise that we realise so upping the game,depopulation by inoculation.you’re not locking me down boris,your time is near
How long are people going to put up with these useless restrictions?
What's amazes me is pretty much everyone in the country knows what Boris is going to announce before he does lol
Anyone heard of the word 'pommie'?
Cornwall has been swarming with people from tier 4 areas over the Christmas holidays no wander the numbers are up in the SW
I just wish he could actually speak normally
If schools are save, can I go there? Maybe the sport hall can becuseful for me.
This guy makes no sense. Yesterday  "Send the kids to school" even tho private schools are shut and his kids won't be going but yeah whatever kill the poor off sounds about right.. Now he wants another lockdown is he intentionally making himself out to be a fool
That's a very quiet hospital considering they're all "at breaking point"
Kiss January and February goodbye 👋.... full lockdown incoming
How many fingers Winston?
The masks don't work. End of. It's a placebo & a symbol of control. If masks worked then there's no spikes. Then comes the weak excuse that those that don't wear them are to blame, whilst our children mix in schools & we all mix at work. This government has failed us.
Tough weeks will turn into months, and then years, maybe even 10+ at this rate.
All predicted. Keep going Johnson you’re doing a fine job running this country into the ground at the behest of the elites so they can pick up the pieces at the end.   Meanwhile in Sweden.....
Boris Johnson says “hmmmfff hmmmmmfffff hmmmfff hmmmf plebs I’m going to hmmmf hhhhhmmmf lock you down later hmmmmmfffffff”
He is trying his best we should support Government 🇬🇧
So if your a big company that doesn't pay taxes crack on and take over But if your a independent business that needs to support there family then your done. There's no deadly virus or pandemic. This is war
fake news
Why is Wuhan virus free
So many government bots here it’s outrageous. Almost as many propaganda comments as genuine ones. We aren’t all fooled though. Truth will win in the end
Sack off man, boring this now. Worst pm we've ever had..you've accomplished a big pile of time waste and nothing more.
🤥🤥🤥
The more they lie the more they became comfortable with the mask,  but I can see in the future .... I am seeing handcuffs!
is it just me or am i mental i cant acctually  hear what he is saying he just mumbles
Lockdown, lockdown, Brexit, transport chaos in Dover, visitors stuck with unknown, another lockdown, lockdown and wash your hands from it...is it the only picture I should remember UK under BJ goverment? God, please save The Queen...and us. We matter as well.
Tell Boris to F OFF
Lies lies and more lies
Should of closed British Isles off when corona was first mentioned peasant descendents,
For tier 5 they will have airforce and military patrolling round the uk
Umm yeah...The hospitals are “so busy” that he has enough time to do an open interview there while the staff are behind the cameras rehearsing their tick tok dance videos again 💀  Spare me the BS, no one’s buying it anymore mate.
Listen just flock off flock off flock FLOCK OFF!!!!!!
Does this mean schools close?
The next time I want to see this criminal on screen is when the international arrest warrants are being executed 😠😠😠
It's covid 20 next
I Will Not Comply.
What a disgrace this man is . He just cannot remember what he is supposed to say next , and as far as another lockdown is concerned its all in the plan .
The year is 2084. We're currently in Tier 865: you're only allowed outside to drive your delivery van for Amazon, the last company left on earth. Nobody quite remembers how all this started, those of us that are left have mostly gone insane and no children have been born in over 50 years. All we know is it'll all be over soon.... just 2 more weeks left of lockdown
OH ONLY THE CONING WEEKS WILL BE TOUGH?? WHAT ABOUT THE LAST 9 MONTHS?
If this is the public's best?! Too many. Idiots and conspiracy theories spreading this awful virus! Wake up it's real!!!!
He's not a moron . Just corrupt
Save the public sector by wrecking the private sector. We've had the North/South divide. The haves and the have nots. Brexit/Remain. Tory/Labour. The list goes on. Now it's Essential/Non-Essential, an ideology that instantly casts millions of people as useless and surplus to requirements. I am non-essential and thankfully still in work and at work. I don't know for how much longer. But I know my place.
Translation:  “The Public have been just so accommodating of our regime to strip them of their rights and liberties and exert control over every aspect of their lives. Honestly, we couldn’t be more thankful of the docile, placid sheep for allowing us to take more power.”
He makes it up as he goes along.  A very evil and dangerous man; the truth will out in the end.  He is a proven liar
Yeah let’s have another lockdown because the November lockdown worked a treat!
Boris can get lost -  we have rights and freedoms hard won and paid for in blood. COVID is not going away, we have to live and work despite it, not hide in corners killing the economy and depriving people of their rights and livelihoods. Get a grip Boris your an idiot.
Ohh do one boris
Still flattening the curve.. hahahahaha
I think they should do an infected people count but also additionally a number of people hospitalised...
Yo Boris put us in a full national lockdown in March 2020 when we were getting 200-300 deaths and it considerably rose, we’re sat here in January 2021 with deaths up to 1000, cases soaring up to nearly 60,000 with this dumb tier system which clearly ain’t working, it wasn’t even working before the November lockdown. Boris is a clown and I’ve said my piece.
Is the school's shut in
That mask clearly doesn’t work when his breath is affecting his hair 😂
Somebody ask him how come people in new Zealand can hug each other and go out clubbing or whatever.... Ask him why they can and we can't and then listen to him tell you about something unrelated to your question.
If I’ve learned anything during this crisis it’s that never believe anything the Government originally says it’s going to do. They always do the exact opposite a few days later.
Yeah
In Sweden they have had no lock downs, 95% of the population has died. Please people take this serious!
you want to watch ivor cummins mate
I hope the first episode of Black Mirror becomes a reality
My Grandfather who now has ms and now dementia can do a much better job than Boris Nonceson
Well what a surprise....how many pieces of silver were you paid??
How can the public keep complying to this donkey
Why did he have to be interviewed in what appears to be a hospital? Was that essential travel to get there by the PM, his flunkeys and all the journos?
They do not care about us the public . They work for us ,which the government seem to think its the other way round .
Basically he can't make his mind up lol so this is a video just to say I don't know what I'm doing and I may be doing a lot of more u turns again
OH GREAT 😥!!!
Where does he get the justification for continuing all this? It’s all a load of BS!
From last year, non essential work places was still open. A partial lockdown where people don't keep the 2 metres gap will help. I don't see much difference between partial lockdown an tier 4.
Its alright 4 the government 2 play with peoples lives . But as long as they keep getting there wages /expenses . Sod the rest of us . They need 2 freeze the system . So people dont fall behind rent / bills
So why when I see the news today a 90 old an 82 year old getting the vaccine before all the kids and teachers pointless there just sat in homes with only a handful full of years left ? Those teachers probably pay for there elderly family members too stay in the homes in the first place if they can't work or any working family how's the country going too get back too normal and families get back too working again too support there kids or mortgage's or rent the old people haven't long and have lived there life ..there very much less likely too get it if you do the families visiting in the first place it's a waste and a total no brainer.. people sat in old peoples homes waiting too die and live there final years aren't going to help get this country running again!! People need to work kids need too learn ..end ov
What a legend this man is.
Carry on with your lives people, the lockdown is pish and does not work, it hasnt worked since march last year and will not work now.
Sssw
nice to see mop head  wearing a mask
Root vegetables like parsnips do not snap when rectally inserted
Don’t even know what’s going on anymore
I don’t think big daddy Boris has an English GCSE
He looks like a hired actor from fiverr, doing a voice over on a fake hospital background 🥱
"Tough weeks ahead?" I'm sorry,  were the last 52 weeks an international holiday? Get a grip mate. The borders should have been automatically closed as soon as the virus was made known.
weve been in lockdown you fat nerd
dont forget to dislike and unsubscribe.....
Load of balls ... Deep State Control The Government as they are part of it ...
Two weeks to "Flatten the curve"? Let's all just join the Flat Earth Society, that should sort it out.
its honestly half an inch forward and 50 steps back with you muppets isnt it
If the majority of the public still cannot see this is no longer about the virus then there is no hope for us
No Boris ... We the people are going to have to take tougher action against you and your government . Your days are number .
It's been a tough tough year going back and forth with your stupidity and failures... These weeks are nothing xD
Funny thing is I just arrived in the uk last week, the border officers were not wearing a mask. Everyone who is living in the uk, please please please wear your DISPOSABLE mask all the time when you are going out!! Look how good hong kong people does! You couldn't find one person without mask on the street. And please wear your mask properly!!
WIGGY!!!
What fkn good has lockdowns done now ?none at all. !!
Getting it yet folks?.... Apparently there are conspiracy theories flying about.. But hey.. No people in history have ever put their heads together to plan a crime have they!... The general public... Suckers, dupes, useful idiots.
Get out to your local protests  Make your voice heard
Pleb
What a joke....
I had a feeling of a 3rd lockdown.
Uk face it the time has come EVERYBODY HEAR THIS OUR RIGHTS ARE BEING TAKEN IN FRONT OF OUR VERY EYES WE ARE FOOLS AND ARE LAB RATS TO THE ELITE HONESTLY THE UK IS DONE DONE DONE AND SADDEST PART THERES A TRAVEL BANS STOPPING US FROM GOING ANYWHERE THINK ABOUT IT 2021 AND ANOTHER LOCMDOWN FOF ANOTHER YEAR THIS IS NOW OUR LIVES NO WAY OUT
Fake Like you BONSON...
Strung you along. And deep down you know the vaccine won't work
You never appease narcissistic vassals like him. Just ignore him and base your decisions on actual science.
The "virus" started "surging" after 100,000's of people took the vaccine.
Is it me or not. But after trying lockdowns and masks for 9 months it doesn't seem to work 🤔🤔
So much for a better new year welcome to the new world if aliens came to visit us I’m going with them whose with me
Can someone help us PLEASE? I live in a very small town close to Hull and I'm sick and tired of walking to my local supermarket for bread and milk! I am constantly tripping over the bodies of the dead just laying there in the street! There everywhere and our council seems totally not interested in clearing them away! There's also this beastly stench hanging in the air as well. Bojo please help! Surely we cant be the only town like this! 🙄😏💩🤡
That mask's doing a marvelous job.
Please close schools down than in March and having to cancel exams... my teachers hate me...
Let's live like in prison 🤣🤣🤣 save lifes and   live in cage
Not letting people mix on xmas day would have probably stopped some of the spread! Good old BJ obviously thought he would take his own advice as usual rather than listen to his scientists. Expect a lot of the same again throughout 2021
‘Lockdown. Stay inside.’ But go to school! Safety!
Thanks Boris, you're the greatest. Fact!
Does he not know people are still meeting up?
Yeh but still go to work mixing with other households haha watta joke this country is lockdown should be lockdown
That bloke if such a wanker
One lockdown is all we needed, BEFORE the virus spread to the UK, and for a little longer than what was set🤷🏼‍♂️
The comment section makes me fear for this country to be honest. Stupidity is on the rise faster than covid.
Masks are clearly not working as the virus is spreading through under 20s and children touching which I said from day one .masks are doing your health damage
Being a Labour Party member for 35years now, it is time for you to go now Boris. I will be asking for a vote of No Confidence in the Government to Keir Starmer Tory Party are incompetent, evil and just out of their depth. Labour should take control with support from SNP & Liberal Democrats. Enough is enough of this shambles, Tories Out.!!!!!! Winston Churchill and Maggie Thatcher are true leaders of men.
who else click on the video to scroll down to the comments?
Close the schools then???
😴 - 🤡
When did the lockdown finished? Did i miss something?🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
How long until he locks everyone up in their homes and likely starve several people in the name of “protecting others from the virus”
Just make the mask compulsory as you leave your front door
This is a premeditated assault on our civil liberties, social life, businesses and freedom. Wake up.
You cant stop all of us.
Boris is wearing a wig 100%
Just ignore these professional liars and try your best to live life as normal as possible.
Agenda is something else, Covid-19 to blame
Complete and utter snake. If hospitals were overwhelmed they'd be showing you footage of rammed wards non stop. Show us these overwhelmed hospitals.
Tier 4 litrally does nothing if you keep schools open
trials are still ongoing. Although several countries have now issued “emergency use authorization” allowing these companies to begin distributing these vaccines to the public, the stage III trials of the vaccines are ongoing, with several of the planned “endpoints” for the data not being collected for 24 months after injection. As a result, as even the UK’s own “Information for UK Healthcare Professionals” pamphlet regarding Pfizer’s vaccine points out, “Animal reproductive toxicity studies have not been completed,” meaning that, “It is unknown whether COVID-19 mRNA Vaccine BNT162b2 has an impact on fertility.”  Even more chillingly, it is not healthcare professionals who are leading the charge to deliver this vaccine to the world, but the military.
I guess the government hasnt killed enough people through poverty, lack of medical care and suicide to meet the 'Virus' quota to justify widespread mandatory Vaccinations.
Liars,you keep doing it and there is no covid
You can see his fringe being blown from the air from his mouth as it puffs up from behind his mask. Get lost Boris. You've got Nigel Farrage's Brexit done, now get on and abolish the TV license. You can't control this virus, just like you can't control the flu or common cold coronaviruses. They mutate, everyone gets it and develops immunity to it. Face it, you got Man-corona and you're still complaining about it. Help the vulnerable and elderly, but don't wreck jobs and shut everything down. People can't live like this, not even your own politicians who break your rules lol.
This Virus will end when the Government decides it will.
But we still letting people into our country even tho they have banned uk coming to theirs what Is the logic 😂
Did I just watch a comedy sketch?
Nobody force people for following a rule! I just see in my building! People in and out sleep over and nothing happening! Nobody say a word! If not following rules its going be years and years! Police or anybody need taken care of law breakers!
I wonder if heard immunity was their plan all along and lock down, masks etc was their plan to cover them self's from doing nothing about the deaths.
Good man. Thanks Boris.
You failed us not once not twice 3 times....
They want all the old people dead so they don't have to pay out the pensions!!!
The best way to control the virus is to stop listening to the government, wash our hands regularly and dont kiss strangers
Plus it’s a horrible place 😂
supposed to be right over the face..includes the nose
Boris 'Hannibal' Johnson.... you can smell my what? this guys so fishy even a fishmonger would turn his nose up at him.....
If you could just surrender you ability to earn a living and handover any private property, mr Johnson promises this virus will disappear
Oh dear, the poor are not going to like this! Still at least they got their Brexit, even if it is only in name!
Just look at The numbers an they don’t even justify a lockdown it all scare tactics it a joke how has everyone been so brainwashed
His hair is as confused as him !!!!
There is going to be about 10 million on the dole if they lock down the UK again!
BORIS JUST GET IT OUT, LOCK DOWN HERE WE GO.
Obviously trying to wear us down, push us over the edge until we begin protesting on the streets - JUST so they have an excuse to justify martial law and have the Army on the streets.   Does anybody else see this, or is it just me ?
Should just lock London down no one in no one out the whole country will benifit from it
the ease at which the general public are so easily swayed is more terrifying than the virus.
I blame david Cameron
He is such an hypocrite
Watch his fringe move when he’s talking...particles of spit will be escaping his mask..... make up your own minds 👌🏻
VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE!
It's going to be tough for you Doris, the people don't believe you!!!!
Covoid 19 i definitely real👀
Hes a complete joke. How is it with more new cases than ever and the other week 1000 dead in a day we arent In complete lockdown, when we were before when it wasnt this bad. All those anti maskers and anti lockdown protestors... well done. And for anyone calling it a hoax you disgust me.
His hair says it all at the start.
Bloody get on with it you clown! People would rather of shut the boarders and lockdown for two months without work and then be able to return to normal unlike this crap
🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
RULES FOR RADICALS      🤫🤫🤫
Do the same old same old, and you will will get the same old back
I think this will eventually end. one way and i dont think it'll be what they think or have planned .
Shut all schools first lock down schools were shut now lock down again even worse kids are more risk carrying this new strain of virus but that’s fine keep some schools open he is a fool this will never end and because of China we will have more dirty virus’s to come. Government is what is wrong with this country..
I can't work because of my government. i can't put food on the table because of my government. I can't pay my rent because of my government. I can't see friends and family because of my government. I can't find any work because of my government. I can't start up a new business because of my government. Are other people okay with this?
It is going yo be tough, when you go to prison, Boris, facing a crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg Tribunal, together with Gates.
Remember the time before the virus oh how lovely
Patriotic Alternative 🇬🇧
First thing Boris needs to fix is the covid problem  Second thing Boris needs to fix is his trim.
Apparently Uk are going in Lockdown for 3 Months
2 week partys going on last 2 weeks who is behaving police is blind eye people are in groups every were what is lockdown tiers about then
Oh, for fucksakes.
Meanwhile peole are celebrating in Wuhan, China. We are plunged into another lockdown. China also confirms that the virus had been eliminated and we won. 😠😠 s@$& my
How else would they mandated vaccinations... and make people think they need to take it doe things to go back to normal. This is nwo in yhe making setting the world u ok for 9ne world government with the antichrist on the top. Watch JD Farag great deception video
Don't worry about lock down nuke the world no more covid19 no more life
I think were the only country to go on 3 LOCKDOWNS 🤦‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏿‍♀️
If it wasn't for so many stupid idiots we wouldn't be in this, stop criticising everything and deal with the Chinese Covid 19.
Ffs
Mr Heckles: "I could take one more lockdown"
Cool story mate. thanks again for your lies. The biggest pysops of all time
Height of insanity.. If you are so much concerned about the education then let them learn through online means. Why don’t you admit that you are not worried about the children’s health and only concerned about the key workers that they stay off work..
Drop emails below people... it’s time to organise something serious. Do what’s right, not what is easy.
LISTEN DO YOU HEAR THE OLD FOLK TRYING TO SHOUT. Is there anybody there?
And when the south African bug and then the next mutation there's already 3 how many more this could go on for years like never end WHAT THEN there will be nothing left at this rate
2021 will be in lockdown Keep schools closed until mid/end of February and keep them open July and August
Lockdown clearly doesn't work.
All because of Wuhan labs
Looks like Boris got a new electrostatic generator for Christmas.
Lambs to the slaughter - Financial reset - Do as they command or you will be sanctioned...
When is this bs going to end
Goddammit
So masks really dont work then do they
You think it's fantastic people have been trying to abide by the lockdown? Clearly you having visited where I live then.
Pretty quiet in that hospital
RESIGN YOU ARE A FAILURE
STOP LYING. ITS NOT PUBLIC THAT IS IN THE WRONG.... they are doing their bits but it’s you who is making and forcing people to mix and spread the disease. Garden centres and schools do not have Covid so everyone pack your sleeping bags and hang out in your local school or garden centres!! This stupid man NEEDS TO RESIGN
The news : don’t leave ur house only for medication or food shopping don’t meet up with friends or family don’t mix house holds  Boris: schools are staying open
So after ten months of masks and lockdowns we are told the virus is surging and we must do it all again. I don't remember voting to have my life taken over by these idiots. When are people going to wake up to what is going on ? I would say vote them out next time but I would put money on there being no more elections.
That's weired how come Scotland declared another lock down  earlier today and now this goblin says we're heading for one he follows others not able to think for him self
Small Island psychological test site for the world.
Turn off yout TV and unsubscribe to ANY mainstream media. your mental health will improve drastically.
Boris is chicken to put new lock down in place it's time to go Boris pack your bags wife quit and go put someone in who can get the job done u can't do it
Fantastic 😍💋 💝💖♥️❤️
Scotland just went into a full lockdown....I wonder if he will order a full Lockdown in the UK?
you mean i gotta ignore a third lockdown, ffs.
Lap it up morons
Does this fool ever brush his hair?
Hold on, you need to wear a hospital-issued mask, and he's with his black mask!!
Another UTurn it’s a wonder the whole cabinet is not dizzy and wobbly, wait a minute, they are. I wonder what promises he and they will make and break in the next few months. We will all become disoriented with this incompetent bunch who give our taxes to their friends.
who is even upvoting this? lmao do people really love authoritarian lockdowns that much?  Step on my harder daddy :^)
The first garden causally muddle because ton ecologically smell despite a deep peripheral. busy, amuck hyacinth
Riiiight, because it worked so well the last two times.... 🙄
I used to work at the University of Essex until January. You would not believe how fanatical, paranoid and how far they are stretching these restrictions. They've silenced all people who were against lockdowns. They have also employed Gestapo jackbooted thugs to patrol the grounds and computer room areas to intimidate people. I got out of there real quick.
This guy obviously is not qualified to lead a nation, especially not in times of a crisis
Needs duct tape not a mask
The poor guy. All that money but he still can't afford a hairbrush.
Just close everything for 6 weeks boom
Conservatives are corrupt asfff
All the dislikes
He took his eye off the ball spending far too much time and effort with  Brexit keeping him and his wealthy chums In more filthy lucre when there is a pandemic stalking the country killing people, He’s a useless pile of organs, Even his Father is buggering off to France and taking French citizenship.
He looks a hot mess
Looks like me and my colleagues are out of work for another year and after graduating from dance school, cheers Bojo for nothing
We all know that this was gonna happen, can't wait to go back to school still 🤔🙂
Notice when Boris talks his hair is blowing around due to his breath coming out of the mask so we ask again what is the point of his mask.
It’s a tough one but if I look at this lock down (I’m in tier 4) compared to March/April there seems too many exceptions on shops opening, parks and social spaces being allowed open, football training, golf clubs, fishing lakes etc. I appreciate that it’s tough for all and everyone is different with their mental health but for me there are too many variables and people carrying on regardless. Borris needs to get tough.   We are so close to the end now the vaccines are starting to be rolled out so if everyone pulled together then we will be out if this crappy situation quicker.
He said.... "We are waiting to see the impact of the tier 4 measures on the virus & its a bit Unclear at the moment......... But if you look at the Numbers, there's no question were going to have to take toughther measures"  Let me rephrase that for you..... The numbers of the tier 4 lockdown is unclear, but if you look at the numbers we have to shut the country down. :/
My son can have liyings
a lockdown or a “lockdown” where schools are still open??
why have extra measures? I ask as the current measures are ignored my famous people & they haven't been fined or sacked for holding illegal parties. People get on the bus with masks around their CHIN or mask under their nose! Why have rules & laws if NOT ENFORCED?
The war with Eurasia is over!
We've had tuff tuff weeks for months it don't bloody work and I thought we are already in  full lockdown now all the shops are shut  can't have anybody in your house can't go for a drink cannot go and sit in a restaurant can't give a kiss can't give a hug can't meet outside with friends  what the hell is going on
Yayyy no more school
I think I speak for everyone now that it’s just boring now and there just trying to control us
These lockdowns are planned months in advance, this one will be indefinite, that way it’ll force the public to accept the vaccine or remain locked down
"The public have just been fantastic in the way that they've just surrendered their freedoms to me & my Davos mates"  It won't be long now until a very loud 'snap' is heard across the length & breadth of England. Incoming imminent, Johnson.
Hehehe lockdown 3next5,6,7,8,9,10
Hospitals so full that they can occupy a ward for an interview...
Ear plugs
If a 3 month lockdown never worked.. then it won’t work..
School should be shut. Ur putting kids in danger sending them. No point going into another lockdown leaving schools open.
He's not doing u turns.....He's doing donuts..
Tier 3: garden centres closed Tier 4: unessential shops open
The data will only become true and accurate if everyone is doing  as they think we are, but in Reality that’s not the case because people know it’s all BS, everything they do now will always be flawed
Had you done what you should've done in september then we wouldnt be here right now. But of course you want the virus to spread so more people want your vaccine, we get it
Every lie you said will go back to you,  we’re not taking any of it.
What happened to the nightingale hospitals then??? No staff I've been hearing to man them????
An actor poorly acting.  Complete self serving aristocratic sociopath and megalomaniac.  ✌️❤️
Lockdown is the easy option the brave and courageous one  is not too but he's just admitted it nothing they won't do that includes sacrificing other sick people,kid's future,mental health an people's livelihoods being destroyed.
C.O.V.I.D CERTIFICATE OF VACCINE IDENTIFICATION? CERTIFICATE FOR THE U.K COPERATION? YOU THINK YOUR LIVING IN A DEMOCRACY YOUR NOT! YOUR A BONDED SLAVE AT BIRTH SOON AS YOU HAVE A BIRTH CERTIFICATE AND PART OF THE U.K CORPERATION?
🥱🥱
Him scare people to fast on the vaccine  that way tel people for tight restrictions
His mask is too small
Deja Vue
Whos gona vote for boris in the next election
Talks about all of this but uni students are paying 1000s and getting in deeper debt but getting half the resources and benefits PROMISED just an absolute joke
This is criminal, history will show what a huge mess we made of this. I’ve said it since day one.. lead by clowns. Whatever the agenda it’s at the cost of people’s livelihoods.
Boris, how many people are in hospital in the U.K. with “Covid?” Recent Government data indicates over 23,000. NHS is hardly bursting at the seams with this virus. You say cases are rising.....you mean positive test results. Perhaps people should refuse to be tested then “ cases” wouldn’t rise. What are you going to tell business owners when they no longer have a business? What are you going to say to the unemployed when they no longer have a job? What are you going to say to those who can’t get treatment because the only illness and death is due to Covid? Wake up man    2021 is going to be better. We have the vaccine. All is well. What we have is Hancock, Witty, Vallance and Sage and Frau Sturgeon. Can’t you see people are scared, depressed? You will go down as the PM who ruined this nation if you do not wake up.
Does he mean tier three or has he lost count how many times we've been in lockdown!?
We already had the most stringent lockdown measures for 3 months last year and it didn't do anything.
People protesting  because they don’t want to wear a mask is just stupid and so respectful respectful to the people who lost there life’s to this virus and there family and friends. And for all of us who were mask all day long because they are trying to keep everyone safe. I am very great full to all those who have found a vaccine for this virus but waiting for 3 months for your second dose is not ideal. I have a mild learning disability I’m a vulnerable adult . Everyone should get this vaccine no matter what your circumstances are
Don’t put us in lockdown
Guy Fawkes when?
The police state is coming
God we didn't even vote for him. He didn't get the majority vote. Why tf is he keeping schools open?
Cover your nose
This isnt helping mental illness at all, I mean why is it only the UK rest of the counties are getting better and are doing concerts etc
Yesterday he sed school ll b safe  i dnt no wt he wana do
Lol Wales is having lockdown   I think everyone should have lockdown at the same time because otherwise people travel to another areas for shopping 🙈 We having lockdown and China had New Year Eve  Boris really think that we are stupid ?? There wasn’t any news about China for more then 4 month - and now they show in news China lol  People don’t be naive news play with our mind - we are all have to keep together, safe and respect each other because they want “us” people to fight with each other !!  In 2021 we can’t forget about respect ✊ and support to another people ♥️♥️
BORIS - Did you saw what happened at London Eye 11pm on nye ? Check my latest video and you will find out , as you're media ant TV is not showing it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For what?
What if you’re immune? Are you exempt?
The public have been fantastic lol
Full lockdown now. Vaccinate the essential workers, close the schools. This isnt rocket science
The plandemic control is gonna carry on well into 2021, and this puppet is facilitating it on behalf of the globaliist cabal. We must defeat this tyranny!
I'm sorry but people clearly haven't tried their best otherwise why would all the cases be rising so quickly again? All this NYE party rubbish in London for example is just the prime demonstration of people's ignorance and stupidity. Rules are rules and they are simple: 1. Wear a mask unless exempt 2. No mingling with other households 3. Keep the distance 4. NO parties What is so difficult about that?
The public have been fantastic but the government have been incompetent.
REAL REASON FOR PLANDEMIC LOCKDOWN ARE RESCUING CHILDREN FROM (DUMBS) DEEP UNDERGROUND MILITARY BASES, GLOBAL FINANCIAL RESET & COVER UP OF BIGGEST US ELECTION FRAUD BY JOE BIDEN.
cancel the exams, and shut the schools! why is this taking so long?
get out boris , you have lost the plot
Gotta love Boris
How are you putting the UK on lockdown and keeping institution/businesses open where there’s a high number of cases coming from them??? Especially schools and Colleges being open??? School keep it limited or have a system in place where some students stay home for a week and some go into schools and which it up every couple days so you get a good experience.
Boris Johnson lives on a diet of poor children’s tears
Evil. Like every world leader. Pure evil👿
So why play God with our kids lives sending them into schools that have recorded cases of Covid for them to bring home and pass to their bubble schools not a bubble .. guys a pleb !
Oh come on Boris who you kidding.  Notice how those with asthma, lung conditions and ptsd etc.. Vulnerable people. Don't wear masks round shops and out and about.  How many of those people have even got ill never mind died.   And they are the vulnerable ones.  It's a joke.  People of certain blood groups and certain ages suffer badly with the virus. As well as the elderly   Lock them down  Give everyone else thier liberty.
I don't know how many more "tough weeks" I have in me.  Already too long alone in shielding.  If only it was weeks - it's more likely to be many months.
Cases are not the same as illnesses or even deaths. Someone learn how to read statistics please.
I dont understand why british poeple never protest against such things and rules  they consider  unfair and tyranyb...in same time they abide by them !!!!!!!!!
Can someone explain me how covid situation became so bad  in uk?  I mean ...I just can't see any reason.
Create release virus...... Eventually force vaccinations through pinching of our freedoms piece by piece such as  travel restrictions etc....... Take over america with dominion mail in voting caused by pandemic..... Economic destruction across the world through lockdowns...... Centralise all power into a group of people who will be the 1 world government...... Cashless society because of the economic destruction....... Then microchipping of the people which is the mark of the beast, eternal damnation, those who refuse as the bible says can not buy or sell without the mark of the beast......... Will you give up your temporary life to save your eternal soul
Mumbo jumbo
THIS IS INSANITY AT IT`S HIGHEST LEVEL! WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE, AGAIN? ARE THEY RUNNING THIS PLACE? CAUSE I AM REALLY NOT SURE ANYMORE! YOUR GUIDE LINE ARE VERY, "DO!" "DON`T DO!". ALSO WHY CAN THE PLACES THE HOLD THE MOST PEOPLE, GET TO OPEN BUT THE SMALL BUSINESS, LIKE BARBER SHOPS, HAIR & NAIL SALONS, GUYS AND PLACES LIKE THAT GET ASKED TO CLOSE FIRST AS NONE ESSENTIAL?  I CAN PUT A  DIVIDER UP IN A SALON AND GUY, JUST LIKE THE CHECK OUTS AT ASDA AND THE REST! YOU GOVERNMENT KNOW JUST WHOM TO DESTROY FIRST! WE CAN MEET WITH OTHER HOUSEHOLD, UNLESS IT`S TO TAKE THE KIDS TO SCHOOL, OR AT GROCERIES, CAN GET THE BUS, TRAM, AND TRAM WITH NO ONE TO OVER SEE THE GUILD LINES ARE BEING MET, SCHOOL BE LYING ABOUT THE KIDS, AND SOCIAL BUBBLES, IN CLASS AN OUT! THE PROBLEM IS YOU CAN NOT CONTROL THOSE YOU DON`T SEE! SOME OF THE KIDS LIVE WITH AT RISK PEOPLE, LIKE MYSELF AND MY DAUGHTER, BUT THAT`S NOT AN ISSUE FOR THEM! PLAYING GAMES WITH PEOPLE AND THEIR LIVES IS A BIG FAIL FOR THE HIGHEST PAID!
im still waiting for the concentration camps oops i mean quarantine zones
Does anyone know how long will the third lockdown be for xx
I swear down this guy is a joke
Just don't call it a lockdown
at least our country is trying to do something about the deaths.
He's murdering people everyday though suicide and cancer and people not getting treated and loneliness its time people stud up for these people
If he didn’t lock us down late, let us out early and leave schools open the whole time then maybe things wouldn’t be so bad right now.
OPEN THE GYMS!!!!!!!
Lock downs won't work eveytime we reopen it will spead again as we mix, its like when the kids go back to school after 6 weeks holidays they always bring something home should just carry on just be aware of yourself more keep distance where possible.
Wtf are you doing in the hospital you fool
To take all that goodwill from the votes we 'lent' him and throw at away for the sake of a manufactured drama in the form of this scamdemic....
Stop letting the nation out of lockdown if you want to save lives.  Johnson and stop letting kids be the spread of it all to the working parents and old people you say the NHS is on the front line But the government is putting teachers and so at risk by allowing them to come into contact with over 100 children pair school. how is anything thats being done helping like the "eat out to help out scheme". also shutting down business that are more hygienic than the NHS its self some people work there asses off to keep there business clean and tidy to help stop the common viruses and illness. things need to be more straight forward
How do we get these drug pushers out of office?
what an utter load of..... i wish more people would wake up instead of believing the MSM nonsense that is coming. they are testing more people, including non symptomatic people hence the rise in cases. the deaths include people that have died  FOR ANY REASON following a positive covid test within 28 days. that doesnt mean they died of covid they died with covid. there is a difference. people you have a very amazing brain. turn off the main stream and start thinking for yourselves with an open mind. none of this has to do with stopping the spread of a virus.
There will be time where we all will be in tier 76 and the cases would still be high
Even the glove dispenser behind him is upset.
Hospital at normal capacity, no one dropping dead in the street! Normal amount of funerals for this time of year , no flue to be heard of since covid. 20% less deaths this year than last three years but let's trash peoples lives and make the sheep wear masks! Trash peoples jobs and businesses,  well done Dorris your a BAFFOON!
I lost my YouTube account for speaking out against lockdowns and such. So now I’m all for untested vaccines. 10 year lockdowns like Bill Gates said. Hell while I’m at it, I believe everything BBC and mainstream news tells me nevermind The Sun; only light in our darkest times.  Everyone needs to wake up these people are trying to help us not depopulate us to lower carbon emissions etc. Crazy to think anyone would want to harm us, Prince Philip of all people affectionately calls us Breathers or Eaters the warm soul. Loving life to fullest me and my two little boys.
suprised they didnt turn off comments for this  one
Does anyone know anyone who know s anyone with Covid ?
Hospitals are “filled to capacity” but had enough space for Boris to enter for this interview? - they’re empty btw. Went there 2 weeks ago. So brave Boris. Entering into a war zone 👏🏻
What an absolute pri&ck , stop telling lies
All this just for digital money and the vaccin (ship) that don't prevent you to get Corona again and so that they can control people's movment!!
Rushed out of the first lockdown. half arsed the second one. acted too late for the third. Brilliant!
❤
Don't break the government knows better rules 🤪
What a clown no offence if his fat arse recovered from covid most of the contry have nothing to worry about people arnt listening to the fear propaganda
And you open primary schools. Well done.
All to make you take a vaccine you have to ask yourself why they losing money with this so what the hell is in that vaccine
Just because he is wearing a mask does not mean there is a pandemic. Have you noticed the hospitals are all empty...
He needs to get back on his coke routine
If they give us one hour of exercise then I will be livid walks with a friend have kept my mental health in a good place. Video calls are awlful and make me sad so does online school nobody learns anything from online school kids just sit at a screen bored and distracted. People will not conform this will divide people even more. These lockdowns are becoming a joke now.
Hes not a leader hes a puppet! Folds under abit of pressure!
he is in the pocket of big pharma.
Sending the kids back to school with this new strain of COVID spreading like wildfire why not just do a full lockdown now and give everyone the vaccine 💉 while we are in lockdown?
You all the.goverments are the virus
Can you do one thing right?
Why you always lying 🤥
Boris should've put on a proper mask in the hospital, a surgical mask that he can press down over his nose, the face covering isn't helping when the gaps are such that his hair is blowing up while he is talking
Surging figures between November and now. What could possibly be the cause of that?  Could it be something to do with he pathetic, wishee-washee response to this entire thing from the government?  MMMM?
Are we able to go back to school in egland
Stevie Wonder could see this coming
Wait...ANOTHER lock down!?
Hoax,,,, is Tiffany Dover dead or alive, vaccines scam
Like now we're living free
blablabla i cannot hear what you say dude your mouht is blocked by a black bag
Ear P1$$
Having to rewatch, couldn’t stop watching his hair flopping
I don't think you man are acc serious, mg has nothing to do with Covid 19 and he's trying his best to keep you safe and so far you lot aren't making it easier..If you would prefer to have Covid 19 than sitting at home then go out, gather with groups of people. It's not only hard for you it's hard for everyone this virus has made an effect on everything and everyone and I don't think Bojo has to take the call for that
(2011 )569,024    (2012). 552,232   (2013). 576,458    )2014)570,341   ( 2015).  529,655      total deaths for context 5 year. average  559542    (2016) - (2020.)   5 year average  543,335
Stop congratulating the public, there is still a percentage ignoring common sense and guidelines
THree weeks to flatten the curve
It's clear that all these tiers and lockdowns DON'T WORK so time to just STOP listening to all this lamestream media propaganda.
Did anyone worry about transmitting flu before March 2020? Even when over 64K people died in one month jan 2018? Wake up folks, look up government U.K. in companies house. They’ve tried to deregister-why?
lock britain down for 2 weeks full on lockdown strict rules cos we just going round in circles 1 rule here another somewhere else its a complete mess 1st case in britain was over a year ago and we still make the same mistakes complete and utter joke
Even though the science shows that these measures have no effect on the virus.
If you genuinely still believe the media narrative and don’t smell the coffee, then you are straight up brain dead 🤖 🐑
Nice try Boris.
the virus is spreading fast, the mortality rate isn't...its easy for him to say "lockdown everything" cuz it doesn't affect his income
What a joke
dw boris i got what you're trying to say but i don't think i believe you mate sorry
How it possible to test more than 1500 students in a hall once a week.What is the point of doing it ? It is more risk.
Boris Johnson looks so musty
fake news
The only reason he wants kids in schools is so he can get them all jabbed while they are in one place ...
We've got tough weeks coming? Wtf does this man think everyone has had since March? Jesus 🤦‍♂️
Don't Know What's Happening If Schools Are Shutting And People May Loose There Jobs
Says the fat controller! Wake up before its too late
Did any one go to school today😢😨😨😨😨
All for a flu virus that we have a 99.8 recovery rate..wake up.people..he is lying to us..these lockdowns have nothing to do with this corona virus..many of us know there is something more sinister planed..evil 666.. genocide
Shut everywhere down like we did in March and keep people at home again
Are shools closing
Only a matter of days left now Donald. You'll be out of here!
Great Britain is just one big meme at this point. A depressing, bleak and hopeless meme.
DORIS --AN ELITE PUPPET----TRAITOR TO WE THE PEOPLE---TAKING HIS ORDERS FROM THE GLOBALISTS--J-A-G---THE GREAT --CON --DEMIC
SO MANY DISLIKESSSS
Bullshot boris
If he ever went to the casino please bet against him, he never fails his reputation for making dumb decisions.
Shame on these bunch of cracks, stupid boris Johnson, economy worsens even more with each lockdown, gazillions of people loses jobs,  and these blood sucking elite illuminati satans  get more and more money, what fruitful results they have obtained from lockdown yet ? None! Actually it's pre-planned pandemic , they're are completely aware of what financial damage they're causing to poor people. They have already killed half of the population they aimed to.  Mercy God mercy from illuminati puppets.
My sis was going to go to school but she cant tomorrow and shes crying as she misses her bff.
He will rot in hell for crimes against humanity
Boris the mask is slipping off now.
Parliament should be sitting and take away the public health act Boris is using.  Democracy  ??????
This virus is a lie .viruses don't spread.  Study viruses an you will learn virus can not survive outside a body .
He says these things but if they had done their jobs properly in the first place andClose the borders Instead of messing about And saying oh We will be fine. all this could've been avoided yes it would've still happened but it wouldn't of been as bad Stupid stupid stupid now look at all the lives have been lost thanks to stupid people in power Is that for breaking news for you instead
Well what a surprise, just when we thought keeping people prisoner in there own homes for months on end, defacing them with masks and cancelling Christmas was doing so so well 🤭  Oh well another lockdown should do the trick and along with the dubious vaccination programmes we’ll be back to normal in no time
Lost faith in the media and government
In whole of Scotland why has six cases of the mutation strain only been found in Glasgow, what is causing it to flourish there?
Almost a year of lockdowns not working and his first idea is another lockdown?! If he were in any other profession he would’ve been sacked a long time ago. Our government is seriously inadequate.
As planned from the very beginning. And we'll be waving goodbye to cash soon as they seek to make people dependent on the incoming U.B.I which of course will be digital. This is their New World Order alright and The Sun know it.
Always remember not one of these rules that have been implemented since this began has been to a parliamentary vote. It's the actions of a few people and that to me is outrageous
We've had tough tough weeks since last March Boris and guess what, nothing's changed. Any chance of a plan B?
Just go away Doris and give Nigel Farage a chance!
I can,t even listen to any more lies.  What a joke
The Sun followers get it. Good ratio.
Yall voted this garbage in
All one can do is laugh at this moment :D
Do lockdowns actually work? I'd like to see the science on it. Same with masks and social distancing. I'm not so sure they make much difference. Also, overwhelming hospitals was the justification for locking us down. But we didn't overwhelm them in the first wave. The nightingale hospitals were unused and they currently remain empty. How do we know that they'll be overwhelmed this time? And even if they are I'm still not certain a government is moraly entitled to take away the freedoms of other human beings just because they failed to adequately prepare their own health systems.
What a mug in a mask
Boris is Evil .
This Clown should offer his resignation forthwith as he is doing nothing but destroying every small and medium business in the UK.
The murderer and his cronies are speaking. ... let's all listen.
The man's an idiot.
I can see us being in the same situation by the end off the year if we carry on as we are, and i am not sure what planet the government are on with this school's are safe nonsense
If we have another god damn lock down and I have to slave away working for the NHS while everybody else gets to sit on their arse and get paid for it. I want compensation for saving lives, not just an effing clap!
Boris jhonson after retirement o Holy God thank you what a pain first brexit then deal no deal then covid I had no time to enjoy power
All this while "top business men and women and professional sports athletes" get to go to red zones and not isolate upon return. This is a war on independence and business owners. A war against the freedoms and independence and self reliance of the people. We are now beyond the damage this virus has caused with these lockdowns. How much longer are we going to tolerate this?
Instead of herd immunity, we are trying to hide from the flu, pretty sure that's not working lol
I wish they sorted a lockdown longer from November then noone else would still be in this situation.
Over 25 papers showing lockdowns don't alter the trajectory of covid. Put side by side states in the US that don't have mask mandataes and didn't lockdown and they are essentially the same as states that did. The WHO never recommended lockdowns once a virus is in the population. Masks are largely pointless. Simple facts that anyone knows if you are ill stay at home, wash your hands and don't touch your face. The WuFlu has similar mortality to influenza and should be dealt with in exactly the same way.
Hopefully it’s a proper lockdown and people start to understand to stay home. November’s lockdown wasn’t really a lockdown
what is meant by tougher measures?!!!! pfff...its the same old "close everything but schools MUST stay open". He's tryna keep the economy together when the whole population is being wiped out. Da hell??!
What will be the difference between tier 4 now and lockdown like do i have to ring up the local council to ask if its okay to wipe my arse
Lordy Lordy . Don’t make any different to me. I never get furloughed 😤
Plenty of volunteers for the ongoing test vaccines I see. Gosh they are brave.
Schools are safe please send your kids, oh we need another lockdown, go back to work, don't go to work, work from home, shut all small businesses, open all businesses, oh we need a lockdown. Just about sums up his stupidity I think🤦‍♂️
Exciting times 📺👉😴😷🦠👉🗑👉🦁💡🤗
This tells me masks don't work, LOCKDOWNS don't work, social. Distancing doesn't work etc etc.  When will people wake up and realise this is one big social experiment.  It's only going to get worse and after people have had their 3 or 4 vaccines they will be so dumbed down they will have to be told there own name
Here he is again.....in that hospital studio they built in number 10!!
Not vaccine was made for covid, but Pandemic was invented for vaccine. Stop the lies, stop this stage of showing ICU wards with suffering people of various diseases and telling us that they have covid. We're not stupid!
Oi bozo! I've been waiting since April 2020 to get a non paying tenant out (after last date was cancelled)  - I have court in 3 days time! - and now I will probably have to wait another year! you ain't paying the rent and they will be able to sit pretty "protected" for another 6 months! - idiot
Is that a hospital he is in because were i live you cant wear your own face covering it has to he a surgical mask or they  give you one in hospital
Oh what a surprised so shocking nobody saw this coming
Yet none of the parliament/government are furloughed but go home and stare at their online banking saying......keep growing cos these folk are now my zombies
"Tougher measures" until the economy and all small businesses are completely destroyed.   This is what this is all about. Nothing to do with virus.  This Masonic Tory government is doing as its told by the globalist elites.
Its a bad disease that there's an extremely good chance you will catch and quite possibly die from. This is called inevitability as any disease without a cure that's transmitted from person to person will be considered deadly. However from 63 million people compared to those that died is only the tip of the iceberg. Its no good taking any notice whatsoever of the daily amount of people affected as we are now in the flu season so numbers will increase
Actor
Our patience ain't wearing thin we're just pi..ed of with all the bs ppl can't see their families but you can.
Getting to be an absolute Joke !
He warns of tougher weeks to come because he is the biggest moron in the UK.
Speak properly man
just put us iin lockdown cause the cases are as high as when they were the first time.
Boris bop
Where is that dome going to be placed over us and when? Hope it will be made with recyclable materials there's planty in the sea that i mean litter This dark tunnel leads towards a labyrinth that is guarded by a mina tore
Eat out to help out just perfectly sums up the Tory party entirely, as does the Tier system. It's time for a change. Next election let's all go 3rd party
The venomous head noteworthily shade because license thoracically march mid a well-off hate. offbeat, deadpan line
Whatever.. its not like we have a say anyway.
Theres a clue with third lockdown.....never fecking worked in the first place He will wait until tier 718 to realise
Wtb schoool huh
And people said this year would be better than 2020.
The public have not been fantastic in following the guidance.
That nose
A complete s***show manifested by an incompetent buffoon...
Gyms open the gyms
Boris : Restrictions must get stricter...  UK public in the words of Catherine Tate : AM I BOVARD THO
WTF is he doing in a hospital?? Has nobody told him there is a national health crisis??
K, no biggie. I'll just go and rob someone. Covid would kill them anyway.
TIME TO FIGHT BACK
Awesome 😍💋 💝💖♥️❤️
We've been "doing our bit" since March. This is getting ridiculous.
If anyone believes all of this you are legit mental and need help
This tyranny will not go away unless we revolt and start pushing back
So another lock down, ow but schools are safe. This country is ridiculous
lost at least 4.5 grand because of this nonesential dumdum btw take this diaper of, you had covid so you are immune, dumdum
Subscribe to Baileytv on YouTube
Who could have thought a guy named Boris would be such a Commie
He's a criminal. Using fraudulent COVID tests to wreck the economy to satisfy The World Economic Forum. We know what you are doing Boris. It's evil.
Tbis guy is so clueless.  People are struggling and killing them self cuase of you
You keep asking for more and more of us when you going to start giving back to the people?
Shock.. Only people aren't listening to the lies anymore..
Most off time his words have no logic even
Look at the sad face in the background - the dispenser on the right behind boris 😅
6 inches of snow : kids will die if they go school   deadly pandemic thats mutating ,killed  millions of people , and spreads easily : KIDS OK ,KIDS GO SCHOOL
I agree that Boris is a joke. But what of the British public? I still see so many selfish and idiotic people roaming around in supermarkets and tubes and buses with no masks. Even many idiots who wear masks, keep the nose exposed. I have to remind Amazon and deliveroo people to wear masks when entering premises because their companies have not trained them or instructed them.
What a farce about time we stood up to all this utter rubbish, time to take this country back  We are knackered if we don’t
Around the globe many centuries they even don't have lockdown they behaved better because they don't listen stupid politicians and still they have less cases then us here
Covid genetic sequence was written by computer it’s the same as chromosome 8 exactly the same. We all got it naturally this plandemic is pure bs
Tier 5 come on lads we know you want to
They are making our lives not worth living, so why would we care about it at all. It's time to fight back against covid by fighting against the covid rules. It's not the vitus that's killing people it's the lying government and media!!!!
Daddy borris making sure you don’t break any bdsm lockdown Rules :
TREASON
Sod off Boris. Just tell us where all the seasonal flu has gone this year!?
After the vaccine has allowed us more freedoms, we will need to hold a lot of people accountable. Let's hold on for the next two or three months. We'll all be allowed to see each other in due time.
3rd lockdown because the first two worked so well
people cant work and run businesses so their kids will starve to death. but as long as the teachers are safe.... ffs!
Only proper British lads support BJ 🤣🤣
Government should've got tough and nipped it in the bud first time round. This merry go round is getting too much now and if it keeps on going then we'll never get off the ride
What a horrible disgusting man i cant believe i voted for him
How many times do we have to tell you old man!!!
Boris has got his mask on today yet yesterday we on the Andrew marr show neither men had masks on in a TV studio so whats the difference today .
Every time he says a word beginning with T his fringe jumps, And now you can't un-see it, your welcome
83 people died from Covid week 52,just saying....
You have to close schools . You really don’t need much off a brain to work that out  do it
Anyone would think they want us gone our children everything bankrupt then gone.  It’s like They want their Xanadu and billions aren’t invited
It's only going to be tough, because the government is making it tough. The virus isn't responsible for wrecking peoples lives, its the government. This man is a monster.
You are now watching cooking corona with Boris
Go home to your globalist handlers we don't need you.
Utter nonsense. I am taking no more.
so why don't they show the rest of the hospital being busy.the government claims that the hospitals overwhelmed but they won't prove it
if he doesn't shut schools then we will all be dead
He is absolutely ridiculous 💩
my mans not even wearing a proper mask
Anyone remember last year when this muppet was telling us to sing happy birthday?
Liar
2020 bad year 2021 hold my beer
Scamdemic nothing more nothing less
Covid hoax
Nearly a year of lockdowns,  that didn't work in March,  didn't work in November.....let's have another one,  just to make sure....
Bull crap
What a knob. Nobody belives your bulls hit anymore
All lies, show me a paper were this virus has been isolated, you will not find one.
Why is he saying tougher restrictions etc and it's getting severe when he also says you have to go to school
the propaganda continues...
A straight jacket would match his hair.
If lockdowns work - why are we having another one?    If masks work, why do we need the 2 metre rule?    If the 2 metre rule works why do we need masks?    If masks, 2 metre rules and lockdowns work why do we need a vaccine for a virus with a 99% survival rate? ????????
He is in a no win situation, i dont like him but also lets call it how it is - the public hasnt do e whats needed - thats part of the reason we are where we are
will schools shut
He sits deep in corpo pockets.
Brilliant Blog Speech Best Of Health.
Just looks like a potato in a wig trying to manipulate people to think what he’s doing is right
2000 cases, lockdown and shut schools  45000 deaths and 20,000 cases, schools open and no lockdown.  We need a 3 or 4 week hard lockdown to stop it in its tracks.
Why does it always look like he just got out of bed? I’m so confused
The fact that the numbers of deaths related and or of COVID are plucked out of thin air and yet still believe in this farce
clown
little do we know, the only reason he is in the hospital is because he was pepper sprayed by a woman on the street. again.
traitor to mankind
Boris the Clown. Lockdowns don't work and aren't effective, they are just ruining the country.
Nobody is listening to you anymore Boris. We have had enough of your lies and we are taking our lives back before they are completely destroyed. All we hear from you is BLAH BLAH BLAAAAH!
We have done it once we can do it again
He's masking his lies.
We should thank this liar for all this and he isn't ordering a full lockdown that will stop this virus! Covid-19 proves how bad uk is under a tory goverment! Boris doesn't care about the people of uk!!!! Covid-19 controls him now!!!
whats does doing my bit consist of boris?   would it be losing my job and my freedom by any chance?  this is pure insanity ... they damage done by lockdown is know the big problem facing the UK..
Ill be damned if I am going to let a bit of rogue of DNA control my life.
i do hope we have a new nuremberg trial soon. these Malevolent Parasites and propaganda machines will have their day.
The sage overlords have pulled the strings again.
Is it me or does Boris stutter a lot more than usual? Or am I just noticing now?
it will be the 4th lockdown why dont you get it right the clowns are virus
Boris if u have had it why the mask try telling the people about the 800.000 people who got over covid
Pathetic leadership. The liar’s liar.
Ok just look at his hair when he speak how the air is coming out of his mask what is the f...ing point of wear it.
we see through ur lies and ur evil government no one wants to take ur vaccine
Ive got a bad feeling about this.
It will never end, we will be on tear 9 by Christmas. Complying will not end this lie.
It was the pubs and restaurants in October the numbers still go up because it’s winter so it’s the schools fault in January. Do these morons actual think we believe them anymore.  If it’s the schools fault we should see a large dip in the next couple of weeks as they have been closed for the holidays.
Wait, there was already a second lockdown... When?
Don't care about the lockdown guys. Remember WE control THESE guys. They only govern our wishes. No more lockdown for me from now on. I've been denied mental health care for long enough. Rebel
Why has he got his tie tucked in like he's in a woodworking class at school 😂
"We will not have another lockdown"-  Boris Johnson legit a few months ago.
Feel so bad for people who can't work or have lost their jobs through this.
Third? We locked down once. We haven't come close to a lock down since.
pls boris just close schools and colleges my mental health cant deal with this anymore - if anyone is struggling, my insta is the same as my name here, you are not alone.
Oh Boris, you sad man !
what a surprise another £54 bus pass waisted again. i bet i dont get refund if another lockdown happens.
TOILET ROLL RUN   IS ON AGAIN
Bless him, he thinks that the public are behaving, he wants to come and work in retail for a day and see how people AREN'T social distancing and acting like selfish vultures
Boris Johnson Is A Liar
Hasn't isolated the first virus and wants us to believe it's mutated . If you do your stupid and deserve your vaccine
Lockdowns don't work, they destroy the economy and people's lives.  Social distancing and masks are enough.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍 this is so funny. People love getting rammed up the poop hole
“The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.”
you dont quarantine the healthy
Mr u turn man
Being in a hospital, is that gonna be more convincing.
How's it worse now than what it was ? Should never have let us out in first the place, stop letting everybody else run the country, saving lives or making money which is it??
People want good news out of thin air, these hard decisions have to be made to save lives and not overwhelm our NHS.
How about No!
Who wants steve to be the king of England😀
ENGLAND has become a joke because of the boris and gov ..
Im here for the expert comments!!
Two weeks to flatten the curve !
Where the hell is all this leading to for the average man and family.Its not the great plague or the black death. Just financial ruin for many not as fortunate to be a Tory politition it seems. Would at this point be easier if we all just magically vanished and become a new statistic of this " virus". Grrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!
mask upside down
why tf is he in hospital is that not the easiest way to get corona-
The day this man dies everyone will be dancing in the street.  And if a Muslim refugee stabbed him I'd want that person knighted.
What we know so far: 1) The A-symptomatic spread theory that this whole charade is based on has now been officially & scientifically debunked   2) The only study regarding the effectiveness of masks in virus spread concluded they are useless  3) Social distancing and lockdowns have been proven not to work  4) Sweden
Oh hes got mask on today
Shut schools u mug
Here’s the person running the country... a man who doesn’t even know how to comb his hair
You can't tell people it's disastrous to see family, friends and loved ones or that it's potentially deadly to go golfing, swimming or skiing then in the same breath tell people to go to work as usual. It's just not going to work mate. Either we stay home or we don't.
Will that mean factory's all business apart from emergency services and food retailers?
Morning night
Ok so we know most of us dont believe this garbage but what are we gna do about it??
Lockdown, doesn't work, virus is spreading. Lockdown, doesn't work, virus is spreading. Lockdown, doesn't work, virus is spreading. What now? time for something different? Lockdown!!
The LIES continue!! Don’t know one person who believes this utter BS!!!!!
Just remember you shutting down pubs , schools and pretty much everything thing else but you still let foreigners into the country? What sort of lockdown is that
With everything they have done WHY should we listen to these buffoons anymore. They've made things worse. Masks and sanitizer will weaken your immune systems, the human body needs diseases to operate properly.
2:32 I like that😍💋 💝💖❤️
Why dont we look down people with underlining problems and the fattys. Most people have a 99 percent survival rate?  For the last like 10 months journalist keep saying 50,000 new cases every day? But only 75,000 people have died!!!   For those with a fashion degree... uk has had over 2.5m cases but only 75k deaths?
Boris Johnson doesn't know how much damage he is effecting to the people with a job, more people are dying from hunger than this virus thanks to lockdowns.
clutching at more straws bo its not working numbers keep going up ...or so you say
Is the " three weeks " to flatten the curve finished yet ??
READ IT ALL:  Can this guys actually shut up! Like put us in lockdown or keep it open ! What u call tough is not helping at all because now on a daily basis more than 50, 000 are being infected ! And many businesses are getting shut! Like fix your plan ! No one is agreeing with Brexit because we all know that there is going to be a big impact on economy! There is so much stuff that he has done wrong but yet a lot of people are happy with what he is doing! Spread hate to me as much as u want but it’s the truth!
So much for 2021
This is Great Entértainment For The Community of VIRUSES. At the Same time they must have Started to get Scared of us Humans being prolonged for so long  :
The whole purpose for voting for him was for mass arrests and  deportation of foreign workers, damage their businesses and police brutality towards migrants, like they did with the miners back in the days; he's now using those powers to beat up and arrest the indigenous citizens and damage our businesses.   Maybe Jeremy was after all a better option?
Im gonna live my life
Know he remembers to wear a mask
YAY NO SCHOOL oh no my grades are gonna drop oh shi
Hang on I thought yesterday schools where safe! Only yesterday who is listening to these idiots! And what’s even more scary is that people are willing to accept a vaccine still in its experimental stage!
Tough tiers, tough weeks ahead. Suicide rates up.  Families falling apart. Fear shuts down your immune systems. What about more taking responsibility for your health, lifestyle etc.
This is the same guy in April and March saying “I’m shaking and hugging everyone” 😂
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over again expecting a different result
Give it up Boris. Even the most stupid people have rumbled you now.
🙄😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷
Why put areas in teirs 3 & 4 and then let people all over the place for Xmas & new year.
No Boris you potato head I don’t concent learn haw to comb your hair we had enough no lockdowns no moor tire crap to open the country and let’s get on with life
His massive conk renders masks useless
scam
The superb venezuela causally borrow because salesman conjecturally wrap unlike a tremendous pentagon. chubby, agreeable giraffe
Open everything
This government are a DISGRACE, uk people need to all, everyone of us, get out on the streets, and stand up for your rights NOW
People that are not following rules should give their national insurance number and tax the Bastds
The public have been fantastic!!!!   Where Boris?
Take him out ffs
but thousands of ppl can mix cause schools are safe right
Im not going do what this corwadly pice of crap tells me to do
If we are on our third lockdown while also being in tiers, maybe, just maybe, lockdowns aren't working? Who would have guessed? Oh thats right, the WHO who told us they don't work 6 months ago.... idiots.
maybe tougher measures on these crooks and their private companies would be better
fake test numbers
Title should be "Boris warns as England enters third lockdown then Wales and Scotland does their own things"
Absolutely ridiculous, the privileged telling the public we should hang on... they’re just making you desperate for their vaccine!!!! Stay strong!!!
That hospital sounds busy...
Unfortunately, I think a third national lockdown is very much needed as a there are people out there not abiding by the social distancing guideline. I was in Aldi earlier and everyone was on top of each other. I upsetting but there no other choice
Welcome to Fascism
Let the prisoners come out aswell they having tough life 🤣🤣
You can go to work but can't see dieing relatives. Also I'm sorry but is he wearing a mask like that in a hospital? Sergical masks are better but the one he's wearing is like thin cloth... 🤣
Who’s at home right now
Fake news
0:34 I hate the way he always accents certain words like in an over-coached infantile PR style.
I see another war coming every country I’d paranoid out of its mind
that mask is absolutley useless BTW?! prime minister where is his professional people to advise him the mask is useless you can see his hair moving with his breath
I love how the movement of his hair shows how ineffectively he is wearing that mask
Four weeks to stop the spread
We hate you
So everything about cells 'out the window.' Crazy land!
This man is a complete 🔔end!!!
Pure lies as usual 😴
Lol
I personally blame everyone who voted for this man. Its your own fault you tories
desperation he knows nobody believes a word they say
Not listening Boris!!!!  I haven't took part in any of the lockdowns and muzzle wearing as long as this carries on I shall disobey  any rules from public servants.
This isn't going to stop till we stop paying people for sitting on their arse, cancel the furlough.
Vaccine corrupts your dna = LAKE OF FIRE
yesterday: “schools are safe”
CLOSE THE SCHOOLS
This has become a joke
time to rise up and close down the government lockdowns
Remember NONE of these people have lost a pay check from this virus started yet the same people live normal lives bank accounts filled  and children shall never worry about money! Can you say the same
Dubbed, no stuttering the man is a liar
He's mumbling again...
Djonson Crejzi man.
Just another Covidiot
So lockdowns are placed so the nhs don’t get over whelmed 🤣
