Get 32% off 1-3 Displates and 42% off 4+ Displates with code EDDY at https://displate.com/burback
Why isn't Colbert in your thumb?
Yes I do
This came back into my recommended after all that jimmy kimmel stuff in 2025 and wow! It feels like I’m in a different timeline now! This sucks!
How did Jimmy Fallon go from a Sidekick on Win Ben Steins Money to a Host?
I miss the days when late night tv hosts didn’t try and tell me what to think and who to vote for. Such a buzzkill
If someone stood on my Crown vic I'd let it go, but if they stood on my Nissan I'd break them like a twig.
I have a group of ROGGANNite friends who are so happy that Colbert and the lot are going away.........they are on the web, they are not going anywhere. They will stay because they are good at what they do.......if the go 100% on the web so be it, they are still better than some nobodys posting shit on line......i'd rather watch the professionals.
Mf got me. I thought “no WAY he got a fucking old navy sponsor iver never fucking seen that” 😭
Every late night show became the Daily Show with Jon Stewart. Edit: 22:00 There it is.
Did anyone really watch Late Night TV? Or did they fall asleep in prime time and the TV is still on?
As someone who worked in broadcast, if you’re an onstage persona and you can’t even name two of your broadcast crew members, fuck you
2:45 I’m so obsessed with tbbt i immediately recognized jim from his back alone..
The only one I've ever really liked was Ferguson
I still dig Conan and re watch his shows and still makes me laugh
Little did Eddy know, the Adam Friedland Show was about to completely revolutionize not only late night tv but entertainment media itself
Where my Tugglets at??
Corden is universally hated in the UK, I'll never understand how he got to America, truly baffling
I'm 39 I don't watch live tv either. I live in Florida, I only watch live news when theres a hurricane coming and even then I only know one is coming if my sister texts me 😂
11:43 is this a reference to his chatGPT video?
11:10 There’s one thing that isn’t diet about him.
the late night  shows are back on track they have got a punching bag which is the president trump and they are just milking it and i think they will keep doing this for remaining 4 years
conan and corden ahere the only good 2
Honestly the Daily Show is the only talk show thatll ever get me to watch Jon Stewart is just so fucking good, he’s amazing.
There's no way Fallon knows the names of his camermen.
25:31 CEOs, rich people and conservatives be like:
What do you do for work?
2025 2:47 here. Now that james cordon is gone america is slowly healing but we have another rash running the country
Jesus 2 years early
It certainly doesn't help when you alienate 50%+ of the audience with aggressive extremely partisan politics
I don’t watch late night TV shows for politics. I watch them for jokes. If they want to make a few Trump jokes fine but I don’t need their political opinions. Which is why I ever really watched Leno and Letterman. And Conan a little bit.
I don't think I could live without the great humor of late night TV. ❤❤❤❤
from the thumbnail i thought this was a man carrying thing video but realized they’re just the same genre of human
I’ve been to James Corden show and he was very snobby and an a hole 🕳️
the second death of late night shows
Us Brits hate him... I have no idea how America swept him up.. but please keep him!
!!!+
The only US talk/late/night show I used to like to watch was Conan 😎 Greetings from Croatia 🇭🇷
This shit is really about to age
I guess the late show industry being exploded by a reenactment of mid-early 1900s Germany is better than going out on a whimper
this title didn’t age well …
the title of this video has certainly aged interestingly in 2025. what a time to be recommended this
This video aged interestingly, we knew it would die… but not like this💀
Well, Eddy is now more right about this than he ever thought he could be
TV is DEAD!💀 who watches that 💩
9/17 Colbert is cancelled and now Jimmy Kimmel is gone too… the real death of late night. The death of free speech.
Conan is the goat. Always. Everyone else is annoyingly political
I loved this video right until you gave your take on Kimmel. you couldn't be more wrong about it being a cookie-cutter late night format. clearly you don't watch his show. give him his flowers, or at least admit, "hey I don't know his show enough because I don't really watch him."
Late night television pretty much died in 2016.  I wonder why?  🤔
26:32 And to the kids watching this you can do anything you want. Yeah, unless jay Leno wants to do it to
Really interesting that love island does so well (specifically in UK) as it is only shown on cable TV, not sure about America but it’s really interesting. I’ve really started to enjoy live tv so much more because of course it’s nostalgic, but also it’s a brilliant way to get errands done during the day to make sure to tune in at the same time every day for your favourite show or every week etc.  that’s how I felt with love island even though I think the show itself is highly dystopian but it made sure that I was able to get into a good routine, it’s interesting
I wonder what your take would be on John Mulaneys live show? He really subverts a lot of traditional late night expectations while keeping a very traditional vibe and set up! I’d like to hear what you think!
Watching this in 2025, when Colbert’s just been cancelled (effective next March) and Corden is just an unpleasant memory.  Big question at the moment is “Who’s next?”
Jimmy Fallon is getting better and better. He even react to palpitations now. He was the only one that pointed Trump can't change another country golf and that really made a difference.
Damn crazy how this was a terribly wrong prediction, and you kinda sound like you sniff your own farts
Anybody else watching with fresh news that Stephen Colbert and show is now being cancelled?
Conan's my boy ❤️
Craig Ferguson and David Letterman took the last vestiges of late night "as we knew it" with them. That's not to say the people left behind weren't talented (Conan is an all-time fave who'd been doing it two decades by that point). But that was the end of the "you watch it from beginning-to-end and it has a cohesive feel" days of late night shows. The transition from Leno to Conan back to Leno to Fallon was such an instructive exercise in terms of what late night was and what it would become.
U gotta make an update now with what happened to Stephen Colbert 😭
People are streaming shows now. It’s not complicated.
Eddy, PLEASE do a follow up since the unfair cancellation of Stephen’s show   Idk if it was a gud thing you predicted the end of late night, but not in the way that overlaps political intentions with business negotiations just because Colbert is one of biggest critics of the current administration 😭
"thank you for making it easy to leave" was absolutely perfect for james corden montage scene ... eddy, that was some real cinema
Balthazar is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC, and Keith McNally has great spots here in DC that I grew up with as well. The servers at Balthazar are so so gracious and totally overwhelmed, and the fact that Corden would lash out at those lovely people is so shitty. Cant believe he replaced Ferguson lmao
You don’t need to defend pedro so hard anymore Now we know but still (hE hAss anxieTY) is the excuse some still believes 🤣🤣
Aged like fine wine lol
Not this being recommended after the Stephen Colbert announcement
We need an update.
This video showing up again on my fyp now, after the announcement that Stephen Colbert’s Late Show is going to end in May 2026, is pretty wild.
:(
The last one of these shows that was watchable was Craig Ferguson, once he retired it was all downhill.
RIP Stephen Colbert I hope you keep on late nighting in Heaven
Conan saw the writing on the wall. He bailed out. Bailed out for a reason.
Bro, their cancelling Colbert. And the LATE SHOW ENTIRELY!
Bro looks like a biden voter
As I’m writing this Colbert just retired
Immediately thought of this video when I saw that the Late Show is being fully discontinued. I'm sure it was a mix of political and financial reasons, but man, the networks have really destroyed their own businesses by making it so oddly difficult to watch their broadcasts in the modern age.
colbert cancellation yesterday feels like the proper beginning of the end
Here after cbs shut down the late show entirely :((
Who's all here because Colbert got canned lol?
damn now with late night ending, this video suddenly gets recommended
I'm old and even I haven't regularly watched cable television in 5 years
00:19 I didn't do that in like 15 years
No sex would be worth dating Paris Hilton. What a complete dolt.
Colbert is annoying. He'll suck up to Democrats even when they are undefendable, making him obviously a shill for them. Also his obsession with UFOs and how hard he pushes for whoever to say that they are real and exaggerate the facts about a UFO sighting is annoying. He is a boring, annoying, nerdy host.
I love jimmy fallon's tiktok tbh😅
I saw Conan give a speech something to the effect of, "I just want all these kids to know you can work hard and get this show if you want it, unless Jay Leno wants it to".  That whole thing was a cluster.  Dude should be ashamed the way he refused to just step down but I earned a newfound love and respect for Conan.
Colbert on YouTube is who keeps me, a viewer of your age, up to date with the great Murica
I totally agree, Conan O’Brien is the goat 🐐 he’s authentic and it shows
4:48
24:43 you look nice in a suit, Eddy.
The main thing i got from this video isvthe fact JAMES GORDON HAS A WIFE????
I just didn’t find a single host funny. Like, that’s it, I guess the entire format isn’t my humor.
I’m in minute 8:06 of this video right now and please Eddie… do not say anything bad about Trevor Noah I love him and I do not need my illusion shattered by evidence of something horrible or a scandal… just let me have one ☝️
He looks like Gustave from Expedition 33
Conan was not that funny. Can we please stop pretending he was?
i totally agree with conan about cubicle swag, its too much
Leno and Conan and Saturday Night Live were the last I'd watched on late night TV.  I used to love those shows. I really don't like the other guys.  And SNL turned to crap over a decade ago as well.  Used to, you could catch a lot of good stuff on regular TV.  So much has turned to crap in the last decade or so.
🎉Eddy Bareback...okay
Omg the clip of eddy from a couple years ago??? Wild how time just keeps going
Whats warden yappin about
Stephen Colbert sucks
Gotta disagree with you on this. 13:36 People don't want the politics on late night talk shows.  You lose half of your audience and that is the #1 reason for the decline of the genre.
James Corden IS NOT America's favorite late night talk show host.
I became aware of the existence of James Cordon from this video. Just came here to give people a reference point on things.
james was only good when he was the host of "a league of their own"
I love watching late night TV, it's a special thing my mother showed me when I was still little. I was born and raised and still live in Japan, which makes it pretty difficult to just..you know, turn on the TV (i don't own one anyway and we gave ours away pretty early on) and switch to whatever channel late night TV is on but I really loved watching Jon Stewart (all time fav), Stephen Colbert, and Conan O'Brien. I feel like people are really missing out on them over in America...They're so lucky they can just see them on TV or even real life....mannnn I just don't get Japanese comedy...it's so slapstick-y and dumb imo
Craig Ferguson LLS was the only one worth watching
We were very upset here in the UK to hear that James Cordon would be coming back. We really hoped he was your problem now.
I can't believe people didn't start just blowing their horn(s) during the crosswalk skits to make them completely unusable
There are quite a lot of stories of James Corden's 'diva level' behaviour when he was working in the UK too. He's got a terrible reputation. 😂
I was so nervous when you got to Seth Meyers, I was like there’s no way I’m going to hear some shit about Seth right now 😂.  He seriously is the best.  I’ve slowly stopped watching all the others but I’ve only been enjoying Seth more and more lately.  I started watching late night during Covid and was super not happy when the audience came back.  They were better during Covid imo. I’ve never watched them on TV, only caught the monologues on YouTube, I do not care about celebrities so don’t watch that part. And yeah I realize I’m a year late lol, just found your channel :)
Give it up for Craig Ferguson , Conan O'Brien and Letterman
your video takes forever man :/ speed it up
Jimmy Kimmel frustrated Markiplier on his show one time, and its all I really know about him, but its enough to put him down a few pegs
I will never believe this man isn’t 37
seth is not funny
I love jimmy still. His laughing can be annoying sometimes but he seems to be close with a lot of his guests and make them comfortable enough to be somewhat real and talk
Late night can no longer work with the rise of videos being available 24/7 and IF you only rely on viewers on cable, then it'll truly flop. The internet is the key, that's why Conan moved away from the format and started doing podcasts and videocasts and continued his travel vlogs with max. I'm not saying talk shows are a thing of the past because it's still watchable, but calling it "tonight or late" night is a thing of the past. People don't need to tune in when we can watch clips anytime on YouTube or tiktok
It isn't funny anymore. It's become hateful propaganda against half the country. Of course it's dying.
8:10 nah cause this isn't funny. i get physically ill at certain sensory inputs (due to adhd). this is just wildly disrespectful, he's lucky alice cooper didn't walk out
Craig Ferguson was the last late night host to do anything original.
My grandparents loved Trevor Noah and were very sad about him quitting. I bring it up because they sort of live in a time capsule, they are 80 year olds who still read the newspaper and are just finding out about things like YouTube. It’s kind of a harsh change for them to go from newspapers in the morning and late night at night to just streaming any time. It makes things feel less appealing, and certainly less rewarding. Why would I stay stuck in our terrible current world when I could escape anytime anywhere in to any (pirated even) form on content. It’s too much, it’s an access, and it is destroying us. We have to focus on things that matter
Cordon standing on someone’s car infuriated me.. wtf is wrong with him
I stopped watching These talking heads altogether back in 2020 when they became Shills for the government narrative!
people probably thought eddie was having a crisis pacing back and forth over corden crosswalk however many times it took to get those takes
Cordon strikes me as the Ellen of Late Night. Both have some humor, talent (singing in Cordon's case, interviewing in Ellen's), and a bit of stage charm... but inevitably their obnoxious personality bleeds through.   I can't stand Colbert mist of the time... unless he's showing off his knowledge of Lord of the Rings. Even then, he shilled his own passion out when Amazon came up with that awful show.
19:57 shit, last time I had cable, Obama was president
Washing my hair, doing the laundry, late night tv, i want you only
Fallon was and is a great performer but his show is absolutely unwatchable and I don’t know if the show made him what he is or if he was just always lame and now it’s apparent. 🤷🏽‍♂️
This is a really good video. I love your videos. I watch Danny and Drew and I love them too but you're hands down, my favorite ❤
You crossing the Gorden crosswalk was so beautiful and inspiring to me. I have a new goal in life and it is to cross the Gorden crosswalk. I am currently crossing a crosswalk 20 times while typing thid sorry I tripped
Like most British-born American TV personalities, James Corden was forced to move to the States after his career stalled over here on account of being chronically unfunny. You also see this with John Oliver.
The Daily Show and Last Week Tonight are the only two “late night” type shows I watch. They’re informative and both actually so funny.
There will never be a better or more loved night show host than the beloved Johnny Carson.   If you never saw him, get his seasons on dvd or streaming and have a great time!
There will never be a better or more loved night show host than the beloved Jimmy Carson.   If you never saw him, get his seasons on dvd or streaming and have a great time!
I absolutley loved Craig Ferguson we would tune in everytime i was at my dads and we legit all watched it as a family it was great. Didnt get into conan until it was too late but ive loved the stuff online i see
If I am awake, I do go out of my way to watch After Midnight, with Taylor. Plus I really miss Craig Ferguson, his show was amazing.
The biggest shock of this is that Corden has a wife
I haven’t watched tv since I got my first pc at 14. I’m 27 now, never had even the slightest urge to return to normal tv. I only own a tv, in case I wanna watch something on a bigger screen or for movie nights
i didnt know about the traffic bit....so still an ass to my eyes
Conan was the last of the great prophets
Jay leno has an animatronic mouth
stephen colbert sucks so hard its unbelievable, but i know you cant get into that
tonight show is literally unwatchable bud
7:20 To be fair, I’m terrible at remembering names even when I know someone and talk to them every day, so I would also eat the gross to avoid fucking up some peoples names on live tv.   I do have adhd and anxiety which messes with memory so I have a little more of an excuse than James
Also stopped cable, and lots of other millenials do… live tv is dead
Your mustache made me vomit.
I have NEVER heard "Cretin" pronounced "Cree-tyn" until recent years... and it's ALL been from America. Have you always pronounced it like that over there? Any older Americans who can confirm? Because it's...well... exactly as its spelled over here in UK ... There's no way to spell it to show you XD ... Which rather proves the point. No?
The Colbert report was phenomenal. Then he turned into the biggest corporate shill. Disapprove of approve of the vaccine, doing a song and dance about it FOR PFIZER, is the most cringe, corporatized thing I’ve ever witnessed.
I really liked Stephen colberts monologues for a couple years so when I got into DnD and got to see him on critical role I really enjoyed it
the tonight show isnt allowed to end because the tonight dough is the best ben and jerrys flavor
Eddy….. please don’t tell me that you find Seth funny. I have NEVER laughed even once. Seth doesn’t land a single joke pretty much EVER
The first iteration of Late Night, with Letterman, was the best.
Only because I see no mention of him. Craig Ferguson will always be the king of late late night!! 🎉🎉❤❤
Eddy’s Late Night videos are one of the most epic trilogies of all time
To me late night ended when Conan step down
They all went too woke
He disrespected Alice …. Why would u wanna do that Alice is one of the sickest people!  That guy is a meanie
Just curious, do you think their political views assisted in their decline? They all have that in common… lol. I’m sure it’s not correlated..
I really like Colbert. I definitely stopped watching when his content start to feel one sided rather than, like you said, a lampoon of the news.
Jesus Christ. I have a phobia of balloons, but it's the popping. I would not be laughing if someone took advantage of that on camera.
It’s because podcasts
Turns out the street is so busy because people want to go where he went😔❤️😔
They only talk about politics, nothing else
I stopped watching late night in quarantine also. The feels are real.
I don't know why it's only the likes on a video that is shown you should show how much dislike people gets on   video also
Kimmel and colbert are both hilarious. Plus they speak truth on trumps crybaby, sore loser ass 💯
Hey @EddyBurback your narration from this video is in this guy’s video too (Conan O’Brian Isn’t Laughing). That seems shady to me especially since he did not narrate his own video at all. Mostly wanted to let you know my dude. Love your work 😅  https://youtu.be/pt31Jiv2rgg?si=BX5x1q-zeQog2gLo
Late night tv sucks went down hill after Carson and Leno
Conen was the best
I love how an ape with a nazi officer head reminds Paris Hilton of herself.
Conan is actually funny though
Got sick of the politics 👎🇺🇸
Conan and Craig ferguson were the best for me, miss watching them.
Kimmel regular cries about the President. WTF are we doing,guys?
It all died when they got overly political and were wrong about everything
Graham Norton is the only one still getting the whole thing right. The alcohol helps.
I can't imagine anything more appalling than listening to a nightly political lecture from Jimmy Kinmel.
These hosts all suck, and that’s why no one watches… it’s as simple as that.
If it wasn’t for trashing Trump these clowns would have no material to work with.
Conan was the last great late night host, luckily he was ahead with the times and  can still be followed online even though his show sadly ended
Hard to imagine America got bored of 3 consecutive hours of TDS for 10 years.
Young person? Bro…
Once Conanstopped, I stopped caring and it became more watching late night for the celebrity and not the host. Maybe I'll try some new ones out.  Comedy has it's Genius' like everything else and Conan is def up there
jus sayin the writers strikes went on to destroy most of the work i had in film and tv as a dit, jus the time used to push out and push down as many crew rates as possible as well. unrelated but a fact of the time
What’s crazy is how Corden couldn’t name his cameraman. What’s crazier is Conan would know the first name, last name, and favorite food of anyone a part of his staff.
The problem with Late Night shows is that everyone suddenly realised that we didn't actually want a bunch of rich entertainment industry goons telling us how we should think politically.  The entire premise of Late Night shows was flawed because it mixed the entertainment industry up with politics and those are two things that should never be mixed together.
Last Week Tonight is doing amazingly because no one cares about shallow celeb interviews and Oliver has essentially taken to doing full length 'video essays' about relevant and sometimes niche topics
I'm deeply shocked to find out that people like Conan so much he's Always bothered me
so sad but honestly understandable I grew up on late night shows but tbf i haven’t sat down and watched one in awhile
I miss Craig Ferguson. They should’ve never gotten rid of him! I was a little kid and loved watching him with my aunt and now I’m watching. Old clips.😂
Fallon is the only one that is not completely insufferable.
I watched this video I'm my psychology class. Hell rather watch this then pass that stinky class
" He was abusive to the staff!"-- Tony soprano
I was waiting for you to talk about Bill Maher...
People started turning off when the hosts started getting politically biased (2016).
Stephen Colbert is great.
with streaming recently we’ve seen live events have success, as sad as it is to say if one of these late night shows did a live show on Netflix or any of these providers, it’d probably get lots of viewers
They all sold out
The views that those late night clips get are such a joke. Nobody watching that propaganda yet every clip has millions of views in 1 day.
All late night hosts now are just shills for the demonrats. Their wokeness is not funny at all. And i was going to subscribe until you used the word racist in your other video. I am so dog tired of hearing about race.
The Cordan Cringe
Anyone know the music that plays at 11:12? I swear I've heard it be used as a sound effect for a dance bomb in some game I used to play.
James and Ellen originated from the same test tube.
Late night leaned to the left too much it used to be subtle or tasteful but its gotten disrespectful and tacky
Politics and division. They discuss politics as often as news channels. It hasn’t become unwatchable because of any reason larger than the nonstop political content and bias. It doesn’t matter, to me, for whom they vote, I just don’t enjoy it, and that seems to be a popular reason that others have bailed on late night as well. There was a time when jokes about politicians were brief, and then they moved on. A little goes a long way. A lot is just too much. It’s not even much of a joke either. It’s always some political opinion. I’m sure people would argue a different opinion, but it’s not just one man’s opinion, it’s a lot of em.
The current crowd sucks. They’re terrible with guests and want all the attention themselves. They continually talk over their interviewees…shut up and try to bring out the best in your guests instead of being an intolerable attention whore. Watch Carson’s style or even Letterman’s, then watch one of the current morons and get sick to your stomach.   There’s more to it than a monologue and a few planned bits.   Then the politics……I don’t want politics crammed down my throat on a late night talk show…right, left, center….at all.
"Too hard" on fake-laugh-Fallon?
My preferences in order of best to worst: Trevor Noah Stephen Colbert John Oliver (Everyone else I barely pay attention to) Seth Kimmel Falon Corden (never watched)  I watched the Falon game segments for a long time until he started to come unhinged. You can tell the forced fake laughter and then the rumors of him being a monster to work for at times and how he's actually kinda violent so...
Late night died when Ferguson ended.
The best episode of Colbert was when he cried after the election
There's a reason Conan is considered the best.
Eddy Burback sucks.
Politics killed late night tv.Nothing else- and this guy actually said he likes Colbert ! Now that’s funny.
As a 26year old??? Man i thought you were close to 40. No offense.
Would love a video on Stewart’s return
Colbert is mid af and is nothing more than a soulless corporate democrat who shills big pharma propaganda, and his attempts at appearing "sympathetic" seem scripted and lifeless.
It's ridiculous that Fallon ever got the Tonight Show. Guy isn't worthy of hand-washing Carson's jockstrap. Hell, he even makes Leno look good. He looks like a kid in grownup clothes.
Corden t took over ferguson lmao
dont put shade on my man conan
I think the format has just run its course. The function it used to serve isn't relevant anymore. Nobody watches talk shows to fall asleep anymore and there are way too many other options anyway. Celebrity interviews tend to be vapid and little more than commercials for new TV shows and movies. If anything interesting happens it will be on youtube anyway.  I'm old enough to remember Johnny Carson. I even remember when it was 90 minutes and guests smoked cigarettes on the couch. those days are never coming back. The culture has moved on.
No. Couldn’t even watch Leno for two seconds. I am a snob and grew up with Johnny Carson. Norm Macdonald clips are the only talk show anything I can watch. I totally agree on Colbert. His Comedy Central show was the best
To stephens point: no. Loss and pain does not make you stronger. Survivorship bias makes you feel stronger than others, though.
Late night is preachy and not funny
I don't know man, they're spreading tons of misinformation in the name of comedy. It used to be attacking both sides which made them funny, but as DEI grow, they are more and more afraid to attack one of the side, just keep on attacking the other side which it becomes very boring.
Colbert has his shortcomings, but I truly love his interview with people like Keanu Reeves and John Carpenter
I can honestly say that I watch way more late night shows than I watch no name youtube personalities such as this. Get a real fkn job.
I wish I had a dollar for every video titled "this is the end of late night TV."
My issue with late night now is that their thumbnails always have Trump. I CANNOT give my clicks and views when they want to use Trump's image to draw clicks. It's just so frustrating and makes me want them to stop, just totally stop. I used to like A Closer Look, until it was just the same thing everytime. Like can you talk about climate change? Can you talk about institutions? Can you talk about student loans???? Nope. I LOVE his Day Drinking videos, though. They crack me up just thinking about them. "Hair goals, with a 'Z'. #hairgoalz "
God I miss craig Fergusons late late show i remember it being so different compared too the other shows less scripted more natural
You're 26?!
I don't forgive Pedro
Totally agree with all this and I’m a huge Conan fan. But the pronunciation of Hasan Minhaj was hilarious 22:10
It's not the death of late night shows, but the death of open tv in general.
I just want to say that I really enjoyed your video! I thought this was very funny while also being thoughtfully analytic with a sincere personal edge. I loved your bit at the end with the suit and the flowers, it was so well done and entertaining!! Thank you for making your videos, I've recently discovered you and like them very much <3! Stay safe, and I'm praying you do well in all your current and future endeavors!!!
Nobody watches late night tv anymore.
I love how Eddy actually cares about this topic. I mean none of us care about it, but we're all here because Eddy cares and we like seeing Eddy care about stuff, even if that stuff is totally lame.
Corden? Favorite? Insufferable tp put politely.
Conan Ended Though
Yes we do and you are getting desperate for content.  Colbert, Kimmel my favorite.
I don’t because I don’t want to see or hear anything trump related and all those shows feed off him. That’s fine, but I want NOTHING to do with that monster.
Would never watch Late Night shows anymore. They are awful.
Craig Ferguson was the last *no holds barred* late night.
i won’t lie if i had to sit at that crosswalk with a very obnoxious british man thrusting at my car id get more use out of my horn during that light duration than in my entire life
Colbert is the worst.
I think we can all agree Corden is the worst of them.
Jimmy Failin.
Late night is such trash nowadays. It's literally the same exact stale anti-Trump/GOP "jokes" by every single one of them over and over and over. And to be clear, I'm no Trump fanatic.
It’s dying because people are sick oh the activist political rants not the format.. it’s been almost a DECADE of orange man bad, but you love Colbert so we know where you stand
4:13 straight misinformation about what actually happened with that saga 🤦🏻‍♂️
Wait. Jimmy Fallon regretted not going political? Late night has become partisan. Not too partisan. Partisan. When I want pizza. I want pizza. Not butter chicken. When I want entertainment, I don't want your political perspective. That right there's the cause of death of late night.
Go woke, go broke!
I was featured on celebrities read mean tweets for saying something dumb when I was like 16 and it led to a breakup when I was 28. Can I sue jimmy kimmel for using my full legal name while they blurred other names? Lmao
Conan was the only one not broken by politics
Conan's podcast episode with Harrison Ford is just ... Chef's kiss 💋.
Woke politics killed late night
Its not death of late night tv, it's all the boomers are slowly disappearing.
Late night is dead. I want Leno, Conan, Johnny Carson back. Late night should not be an hour of Trump bashing. People are sick of it. 😅 🎉🎉🎉
The dishonest political content killed late night
No one can replace Craig Ferguson he was comedic genius
It's the political bull crap that gets me. Kimmel was crying and insulting half of the country in the beginning of his show. I want to laugh and be entertained. It's just complete garbage. Just my opinion.  💯🤔🇺🇸
Its good to see these hacks becoming irrelevant. The only good host in a long time was Conan.
After Letterman and Ferguson retired, late night TV wasn't the same ever again. Having said that I think that Seth Meyers' show is the most watchable today as a whole show.
Trevor is my favourite
Television? Is that still around. I haven't watched TV in 15 years...
By the way late night shows are just paid audience anyway to just be there
Fun fact Craig ferguson is also British him being Scottish an that
Conan shouldn’t have made the thumbnail. He, Letterman, and Leno were the last of the truly great late night hosts
I much rather watch Craig Ferguson's old episodes or Conan O'Briens stuff outside of the studio.
More Conan propaganda. 👎
These insufferable overpaid lefties can suck pipe for all i care. I haven’t watched tv since highschool
These insufferable overpaid lefties can suck pipe for all i care. I haven’t watched tv since highschool
Also, most of those bas$$rds became political sc$$um.
😮 yikes on trikes ... 😅 Time for that illuminaughtti Episode. P.S. She gonna come after you about that shirt. Watch out
Loved Carson and Letterman. This current bunch are rank woke amateurs.
As someone from the UK, the concept for weeknight TV starting at 11PM is wild to me
They all suck hard. Kimmel and Colbert are the suckiest worst. Cancel them all, fast.
The Alice Cooper thing was very disrespectful and insensitive. Assuming it wasn't staged and all that.
What a bunch of nonsense. Of course viewing of Late Night shows is declining, because all network TV viewership is declining in the wake of streaming and younger viewers just not watching TV in real time. Content and talent in late night may be the best ever, with Colbert and Seth Meyers especially being absolutely and consistently wonderful, Kimmel also being quite good. Only Fallon, like Leno before him is just not very worthy of watching. And people watching clips on YouTube rather than tuning in is just the way people watch TV these days, not a reflection of content
Id also like to point out just how much more comfortable people were as guest interviews with Fallon or Conan compared to how awkward with Corden
I had to skip so much of the high potentency late night cringe clips.  TOO MUCH
Love you (dearly) but this is a very naive video. I work in the business and no it’s not normal that the host can pick out the camera persons name. And all this is very much about basic human psychology (which you always master????) We always prefer the people we grew up with. The people that formed us. Which is why I will say Children’s tv was better when I, eh, was a CHILD… (chocking!)
Since 2016 all late night is is just a constant barrage of Trump bashing.
I have never seen an american talk show host top whatever Graham Norton is consistently doing in the UK.
The old reruns of Leno, Conan and Carson are far more entertaining than anything on today
Once they threw Conan in the garbage it was all over. Most people watch those shows Jimmy, etc on YT when they can , they have millions of subs. But, the idea of late night is done.
late night talkshows began with Johnny & ended with Dave.  Carson & Letterman were the beginning, golden hour & end of the format's efficacy & value,period.  Everything else is filler material with one exception being a deserved throwback homage in the form of Conan O'Brien who deserved the role he attained & respectfully carried the torch not unlike an homage band does . He is the exception, all orhers are diet versions of Johnny & Dave   .
Aside from Cordon, this analysis completely misses the major shortcomings of the current late night hosts. Only Conan has stood the test of time.
When I was a kid we got to stay up late and watched Leno at my grandma's house and it is one of my fondest memories
It died when Craig Ferguson left 😢
I watch 'Gutfeld' regularly!
Just stop.
I don't sit down and literally watch an episode of a late show anymore but I can't live without you tube late show with Colbert clips. And I can't get enough of Conan podcasts and remote re-runs. I watch Kimmel and the others clips regularly as well along with lots of Letterman classics like Andy's little sister clips. So these shows are every bit as relevant as ever if not more since I can access all of them more and easier now.
Colbert and Conan are the true kings of late night
The lack of personality, humanity and education in the most hosts mentioned in this video is evident. I barely watch any new Late Night Shows. A "Sandra Bernhard on Letterman video compilation" still does more for me than an entire year of fake laughs by Jimmy Fallon. Access to celebrities is just one layer of the problem. The quality of "famous people" that we let on TV is another. What was often a joke for Letterman (interviewing random, not particularly bright or talented people) has turned into the average celebrity feature today. Kim Kardashian on Vogue makes me stop buying Vogue. Stupid people on Late Night make me stop watching Late Night. Irrelevant and average musicians make me stop watching the Grammys. It isn't that complicated!
Not sure if I’ve ever laughed at anything James Corden has ever said
Carson… Letterman…. Conan…  The GOATs didn’t go political.
Its all an act.
Worthless video with stealth ads, blocked
Jimmy Fallon always acts like he’s being held at gunpoint
Replacing Craig with James Cordon would be like subbing off Shaq in a basketball match for Kevin Hart
Fallon's interviews actually are pretty unwatchable.
I say this in the nicest way possible, how are you 26, you can not convince me that you're 26, you look good, but not 26
“Late night limbo” such an accurate description of what is happening right now with Late night TV. Honestly, I think they need to overhaul these hosts out of here…..
Corden I had heard of from watching British panel shows. He wasn’t bad on them but there is also give other comics and actors
Why would you wanna listen to fake laughter
I supported the strike but writers have nothing to do with whether a late show is funny or not. Being a daily show the writing is atrocious. You and I watched Conan, not for the prewritten jokes, but for his off the cuff jokes and reactions
BRING BACK CRAIG FERGUSON !!!
Colbert is an idiot and an ideologue. That being said he seems like a good person.
James is annoying
Yeah thats why late night TV is failing because the hosts aren't diverse enough
Not a single mention of politics is a glaring omission.
They all hate half the citizens of this country, big rating problem.
WOW, I've never seen that James Cordon & Allice Cooper clip. Allice doesn't have a "Phobia," he has Misophonia - a sensory processing disorder (His sound must be rubber rubbing). I have Misophonia, my noises are lip-smacking, it literally drives me mad. DO NOT do what James Cordon did please. The number of times I've asked someone to chew quietly and they go "oH LiKe ThIS" and then they just do it louder and right in your face because it's the funniest joke of all time. HAHAHAHHHHAHAHHAHAAHA... You're so funny. F you James.
People shifted to podcasts like they wanted knowledge over silly entertainment 🎉
No one ever bans people from food service. It takes an uncommon management or a *truly* uncommonly horrible patron.
Why no one talks about craig?
Carson told Leno to never take political sides.  Make fun of everyone equally.  These days the late night guys are all obviously leftists.  People want an escape from the day, not a political machine.
8:17 woulda been real if AC to pull a pocket knife out and pop the balloons
A Closer Look may be the only late night segment I like, but am not staying up late for that.  And going from Craig to Corden was really really bad.
It’s when the programmes went extremely politically blue  To a point where you’ve got one of them crying because someone became president? That’s the only joke I’ve seen that’s made me laugh lately
21:59 lol you did not just say that
Not a single mention of politics is a glaring omission.
does anyone watch tv anymore
I started watching late night in the 70s when I got my first TV in my bedroom; I was in 6th or 7th grade.  Carson was the OG and Letterman was the cool new guy on late late night.  Not sure exactly when I stopped watching, but Conan was the last guy I remember watching on an occasional basis. I have a funny relationship with cable.  I have it, but it is really just for watching live sports.  Yet, I have the tv on all the time.  I say it’s just for noise, like music in the background while I do other things.  Maybe it’s just because I grew up with it on all the time and it feels a bit weird to not have it on when I am home alone.
I  was happy to see somebody say something not so positive about Jimmy Fallon. I used to love Jimmy Fallon when he was on SNL, and was excited to hear that he was taking over the Tonight Show, but after watching him for a while I just feel like over the years. He’s got a big head and as Someone with ADHD and autism he’s just loud and annoying. I also love Conan, but even drifted away from him near the end of his career on TV. I liked his point that late night TV just isn’t as popular as it used to be. It used to be fun to stay up late and watch a show but nowadays there’s so many streaming platforms and so much other content to watch I think late night television has just falling by the wayside.
I've never found Colbert funny but I do find him likeable, I had no idea he lost his father and brothers, that's terrible.
Controversial opinion, Conan wasn't funny. Also whatever you think of Fallon, his ratings were higher.
I love late night tv personally. Kimmel, Fallon and Meyers are amazing xD
Now that I think about it, since Disney murdered that lady, maybe the servers weren't actually that concerned about his wifes allergy
It's so weird to me seeing pretty busy street and not seeing anyone walking around nor crossing the crosswalk (I'm from Europe btw)
Any comedians who need big bright signs to tell people to laugh or clap is lame.
"i want something that kinda reminds me of me, and this one, it does." i'm so sorry to hear about your self-esteem issues😔
John Oliver is the only late night show I watch
Fake ass big tug
James learned well from Ellen 🤮
i do think this stale period would be a great opportunity for something new and fresh
Hold up hold up.... his WIFE?!
I stayed up late for years to watch Craig Ferguson.
People still watch TV?
I watch Gutfeld as often as I can.
Oh.. I thought this was man carrying thing
Who's here from stanz's video
I pirate games and movies .this late night show is the last thing I will download and watch
You don’t need to know your crew they are underneath you. Its your crew that must fallow through because you are giving them a paycheck
CRAIG WAS THE GOAT!!!!
Conan was the best, when he walked away I was down with it
Another problem is the rise of preachy comedians. The difference between kimmel and Maher is that Maher can put a joke first, kimmel cannot.
20:40 late night is like Saturday morning cartoons. Its not a special time anymore
I think late shows can be described in a few points:  1) Outside of this video, and the movie "Late night with the Devil", I routinely and completely forget that Late Night shows even exist. They are the radio of television; and television is the Telegraph of the visual medium - something that continues to exist, seemingly by accident. An artifact of a bygone era. Antiquated, but occasionally useful under specific conditions, like an ISP having a network outage, or a hurricane knocking out cellphone towers.  2) Opening monologs are rarely funny, even more rarely non-political. This isn't to say the writers don't have talent - I'm sure they are very good, but rather it's because the pace and schedule of Late Night shows is constant. I don't need news reporters cracking jokes, and I don't want comedians forcing me to hear their opinions about current events. They are separate beasts, and it's painfully uninteresting to hear the most tepid, milquetoast interpretations of whatever happened a week ago. So, what is the point of that monologue including current events and politics, if for nothing else but sheer desperation?  3) Interviews are rehearsed, borderline choreographed routines that are only even possible because the guest is shilling for some widget I don't care about. I don't want an advertisement in the middle of a discussion genuine or not, so why would I put up with it in the most bland, uninteresting manner possible? Imagine if JRE were 3 minutes long, and half of it were Joe and the guest just repeating the guests Social Media accounts over and over again. Late Night interviews have nothing to offer because they _can't_ offer anything - it is by design. Nothing to say but "buy my product". Nothing to discuss but "how great my product is". They are atrociously bad, and in the rare occasion where one of the mid-show bits hit well, the "interview" will bleed out all forward momentum.  4) Predictable to the point of pointlessness. Assuming younger people have ever even _watched_ Late Night talk shows, they already know precisely what the stages of it are going to be: Monologue, Cheesy bit(s), Lackluster interview, Music/Interview. It's been this way for as long as I can recall, and there's literally no reason that it _needs_ to be this way. It's a talk show! How about the interview takes up half of the show, then you have someone play music, then more interview? How about Friday's are: music, an extended monologue, a cheesy bit, and more music? What about: Bit, Music, Interview and _no_ Monologue if there is nothing interesting going on? It's unclear to me if any of this has ever even occurred to the people who run these dead horse shows, but I can't name a single instance where any Talk Show has ever strayed from this format. It's painfully obvious that the spirit of creativity has completely given up roaming the halls Late Night shows in America decades ago.
Late night is analogous to say a former boomtown, drilling for oil, mining, everyone came, what have you. And when the profits dried up and it becomes less appealing, it just turns into a quiet pass through town only few love to visit.
I think late night television is also dying because people can get more direct access to celebrities through social media, subscriptions and cameos. Celebrities are also appearing on shows that are better suited for YT.
Dude! 18:47  Bianca’s zoot face is the hardest I have laughed in a long time.
It's wild to me that one year after this YouTube video came out, it's very format seems like a dying breed, though it is the kind of content I continue to seek on this platform. 12-28 minute think pieces with good writing. Thanks mate
24:18 or you can just make up your own UNIQUE late night show. Inspirations are good, but with a limit so it doesn’t look like a carbon copy of another late night talk show
Conan is legit the only late night host i ever consider watching
As a kid, I solely watch cable. Surely im not the only one? (I know im not,but im surprised that it seems abnormal for a kid like me to watch cable)
I stopped watching TV back in 2016
I like Ryan Seacrest more than Pat Sajak on Wheel of Fortune
5:05 was really expecting you to say "but one.. is fat"
Once Conan and Letterman retired, late night was over
"sorry i was late to work i was stuck at a red light and james cordon was in a mouse costume trying to fuck my car"
8:10 The woman defending him was so awkward to watch
Late Night TV died when Craig Ferguson left
I only know James from one Dr.who episode
I have never been able to understand how someone that couldn't make it through a skit without laughing went on to host the Tonight Show... 🤔
I know for a fact james corden knew the league of there own camera crews names because he used to call them out sometimes to move the camera
Covid really let us see how un entertaining the hosts are, 6 year olds on youtube have better timinv
Y’all remember David Spade’s talk show, it was pretty good.
13:29 THE COMMUNITY REUNION CLIP?;?;
streaming literally kill them off lol. kai cenat, speed, adin ross and so on is the new late night show lmfao. bringing celebs on stream doing crazy stuffs
The fact that Corden replaced Craigyferg for the Late Late Show rang the death knell for late night, in my eyes
having grown up loving Conan and Craig Ferguson (albeit from watching on youtube), I couldn't even watch the james corden section of this video it was so cringeee.  I think what really killed late night was that they were just worse streamers and youtubers.
After midnight is a hollow shell of the original
Late night died whenever they decided become the propaganda mouthpiece for our politicians instead of being entertaining
I really don’t have a problem with Jimmy Fallon. He’s just milquetoast for my mom to watch on TV. Who cares if his laugh is fake??? That’s like what 99% of people have a problem with, to an extreme degree. Live and let live
Colbert’s greatest strength and draw is himself. His current show completely strips him of that. Replace him on any ordinary episode of the late show with somebody else and nothing changes. That’s why I and many others were so drawn to the quarantine episodes; it was just Colbert. No fancy band ruining his jokes, the weight of “The Late Show” as an institution weighing on him was gone, it was just Colbert being funny and showing his personality and it was excellent. Right now his show feels less like The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and more like The Late Show babysat by Stephen Colbert. Its not a format that fits him at all.  I really hope when his contract ends in 2026, he doesn’t renew it. He can do so much better
Another American who can't fathom that Scotland ks in Britain this making Scots British
smells like ellen
Jimmy Fallon is straight trash
James really ran that show into the ground
I mean one thing I think you might miss is more than one thing can be good or viable at once. Like you have everything on YouTube and the internet as far as celebrity interviews and content but the late shows can still fit in alongside everything else. But people ruining tv by making streaming popular kind of messes with what I personally find cool about late shows
When you were talking about your dream to be a late night show, all I could think of was ‘who needs late night when I can get Eddie burback on YouTube whenever I want?’
9:06 I wish I could be who was before I saw that
Conan doesn’t belong in the pic.  People actually liked him.
My favorites were always Conan and Stephen Colbert (especially during his time in the Colbert Report)
27 doesn’t know you don’t have to buy a cable package and just have internet with YouTube tv. Weird.
11:00 hold on, he look like Elon
fir the cameraman question james could have just said "I don't want to pick favourites" and drank
that dont wanna get involved into politics aged like milk lol
Nothing but ❤ for Conan
Apart from conan the others kinda sucked and were political so  bleeah...xD😂
1:14  Really cooah , that haah , the shades
I love Colbert as a person, and I deeply respect writers. But man, his show and all the others have way more misses than hits. And for some reason, they all think it’s so hilarious to make fun of people’s appearance. No, I don’t think making fun of a fat person for being fat is funny. Very outdated jokes.
You are Cali incarnate.
We do NOT 👎🚫⛔️ forgive pedro he is a zionist just like gal gadot!!!
Stephen Colbert is a genius.  He is one of the greatest entertainers of all time in my book.  I grew up watching Jon Stewart so I put them in the same category.  At one point I liked Jon more, but Stephen quickly became a favorite too.  Conan is phenomenal, I’d put him in my second favorite group, followed by Seth Meyers as a 3rd favorite.  I respect all of them.  I cant imagine working that job.
Stephen Colbert quitting the Colbert Report for late night tv was one of the things that made me truly have to embrace the feeling of letting go, and enjoying things while they last.
One big reason for the drop-off is that people have realised that the top guys are jab-pushing stooges who pimp for The Machine.
best late night host is graham northen. despite being british i absolutly love him.
James Corden is every person filming concerts/sets.
Trevor is very bad
I've always felt very strongly that the only good late night shows were the Daily Show with Jon Stewart, the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, and the Colbert Report (and I suppose Last Week Tonight, as well). The problem is that those three ended in fairly rapid succession, CC struggled to fill he void of the Colbert Report. The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore was good but didn't get the viewership it needed. And when Trevor Noah replaced Jon Stewart he comprehend abandoned the pioneering format the Jon had spearheaded and returned the bland and dying traditional format. After about a year, I just stopped watching Noah's TDS. It simply wasn't what I had loved about the show and it seemed to have no interest in being what was good about it in the first place, leaving John Oliver and Last Week Tonight as TDS's spiritual successor in Trevor Noah's wake. However, since Jon has come back to steward the show, I do feel that there has been a legitimate return to form of TDS's part, and I love and enjoy each of the revolving hosts. You should really do a video essay on the revival of TDS post-Noah, because I think it proves that the future of late night is political satire and commentary on the news through an irreverent lens. We've all watched as the actual media fails on its duty to hold people in power accountable or call them on their lies, and that is the void that TDS under Jon Stewart filled and that it (and other shows) can fill again
Conan was one I openly admit I was late to. Now i believe 25% of my YT consumption is of Conan skits and interviews.   Absolutely I think the YouTube/Social Media approach is what is killing in some ways and also making late night very enjoyable.   You checkout Seth for Closer Look, corrections and segments like Amber Says What.   Jimmy is my go to for a monologue. Colbert if time permits.   TDS is certainly a much watch especially if something big/stupid happens in politics.   Fallon I’ve never found funny unless it is something that involves someone big like Timberlake and catches my algorithm.   I think in a way we have so much content our only choice is to decide what time we have to allocate to our favorite in a social media segment style approach.   We do the same thing with SNL. I haven’t watched SNL live in 15 years. Catch the vids on Sunday morning instead.
Conan was goated😢
Conan and Craig were the best.  Craig had great  chemistry with his guests.
It's more about internet content and streaming services being easier to access than TV shows that killed not just late night tv but, tv in general. At this point the only tv I ever watch is sports related and that's literally only at bars.
now they're all the same anti-trump, blindly pro-democrat format  it's boring and it's obvious they've been paid off to promote this particular political idedology
Seth Meyers and the daily show are the best in my opinion
Stuff like the balloons was clearly planned ahead of time with the guests knowledge bro
I mean I hate James corden as much as the next well adjusted person, but to slam him for not knowing a couple of cameraman is a bit much isint it? like I dont expect the head hancho at my job to even know I exist let alone my name.
Jimmy Kimmel is awesome, he defended Conan and exposed Corden
You are only 26!!!
Ive always liked, Colbert, Conan and Meyers. Obviously late night isnt as big as it once was but I’ll watch those 3 on youtube. Old conan clips are the best when your bored😂
Balthazar is a really nice restaurant, and my dad actually tended bar there for a while, the staff were quite reasonable. I've worked in similar restaurants and people yell, they try to take photos of celebrities, they refuse to tip because they didn't like the meal they ate all of. I've seen people ask if they can grope waitresses with no repercussions. I've never even heard of someone being banned. I cannot imagine how bad it must have been.
Can't stand Fallon. He just seems so incredibly fake.  Carson WAS the tonight show. Conan and Letterman tie for second, at least for me.
I appreciated one of my old teachers putting on a fallon clip from youtube as a way to unwind before school ended and the weekend started
Gal godot is so disliked, she even admitted that her goal is to make ppl agree to her political views, and living life so fakery, just as a promotion, is so hollow, celebrities aren't politicians and she's not even that good
Seems relatively obvious, and if it isn't I think that shows a terrible grasp of history.  Of course Late Night talk shows weren't going to last.  Does anyone really expect that in 2134 The Tonight Show, or even television itself, will still exist?  Hell, it's highly doubtful that nation-states like the United States will still be around.  200 years ago there wasn't even a Germany or Italy.  France is on its Fifth Republic.  What an odd way to live, ignorant of what came before so you are blind to change to come after.  A mistake to think the world was always the same way it was when we were born, and will always be that way.  You see it all the time, Late Night TV is just a smaller example.  These aren't institutions, and even real institutions quickly fade.
Not even mentioning John Oliver is crazy
Late night died when Conan Obrien left. I just listen to his podcast now which is honestly the best showcase for his humor.
Lol, seeing cell phone footage of Corden and these performers is cringe. I hope that car he hopped up on was part of it otherwise I'd have been pissed to the point of decking his ass as a driver having to explain that crap to an insurance company to get it repaired. LA based entertainment feels so out of touch these days it feels like looking into an aquarium.
Ignoring the despicable donkey in the room and that ridiculous mustache gets this video a thumb down and the channel blocked.
Its a 💩 show
Craig ferguson is the GOAT
Daily Show is great right now, Jon Stewart obviously a big boost, but I like the rotation of the regular hosts now and I think it works well.
You’re completely wrong on Colbert lol
american late night is so funny to me, because the main late night show where i live is graham norton, and it’s, like, nothing like american late night shows? he literally just brings on some guests and talks to them, and that’s what i like! we actually get to see these people in a natural setting. but graham’s personality is still strong enough to shine through
conan, craig, letterman were the best, jon stewart too. It's all crap now, even jon lost it
Late night was known for being a family-centric time in which any American could shut down from their daily problems and stress and just enjoy good balanced comedy…but then all the hosts became paid fanatic leftists, and incredibly unfunny.
11:31 Joseph Gordon levitt sneak
Man it was so cool getting to watch the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson back in the day. RIP Grant Imahara. Robot Skeletons know.
Conan is unique. Kimmel is a quintessential talk show host. Colbert is decent. Seth is my winner again, he’s unique. Fallon is painfully fake, his laugh - the fake laugh. Corden - I’m English, I apologise. Sincerely. Even his accent has become awfully plummy which never existed before (Gavin and Stacey was a classic, but ruined now because of the talk show debacle)
You actually listen to Trevor Noah? So much respect loss for you 😂
No love for Letterman?
no jimmy kimmel blackface?
I’d be interested to hear his thoughts now on John Stewart, especially with his return online
'26'?  look 40ish  no beuno
yes, Bill, Trevor, Stephen, Jimmy, I watch it all
Support the strike! The average income in Hollywood is over 100k and according to the writers they all average 20k. That means the average Hollywood writers is either homeless or working 200 hours a week!!!! Save the writers!!!
I liked all of these guys before they became Late Night hosts outside of Corden who I didn't know, slowly learned of Corden and liked him but I'd be lying to say that I love them as much as Conan O'Brien, he's the only one I ride or die for the rest is just it's that guy I remember who I can't stand daily 😂😂😂 I don't have a strong like for either outside of Conan because he seems legit every time even now without a show
i’m surprised you didn’t go into kimmy kimmel’s past
1:15 "it's really cool ☺️☺️" Literally the funniest shit I've ever heard late night deserves a comeback
You’re *26* ?!?!? C’mon! Tell us about staying up for Johnny Carson …
Corden getting uncomfortably close to that one talk show host so the guy walks circles to avoid him lol
These are some good takes. Except for fallon and Ferguson. Fallon is garbage in my professional (couch potato) opinion, and Ferguson was hilarious and needed a bit more love. Conan was the GOAT. Meyers is currently and had the best pandemic show, by far. Colbert was funny during Report. Cordon was crap. Fallon was/is crap. Leno was a dumb mother father.  Other than Fallon being actually garbage, (and not enough ❤ for Ferguson) excellent takes!!
Kimmel & Seth Myers is probably the most annoying out of all the host
My dad still watches shitty political late night shows hosted on news networks.
The times they are a changing.
I will say servers are not all ways accommodating for allergies, as someone who as allergies I have had bad food served to me before.
Skibidi Biden
The only thing I ever really admired about James Corden is that he seemed to genuinely find friendship with the members of BTS instead of just blatantly using them for views like so many others. But the thing with Alice Cooper that I hadn’t seen before was absolutely disgusting.
If Corden climbed on my bonnet, I'd scream words at him that would make the entire musical number unbroadcastable
The Alice cooper one makes my whole body *condense* omfg it’s just vile behavior from Corden. Even once would’ve been too much, but he just.  kept.   going.
TV itself is over.
I miss Craig Ferguson.
eddys music selection is so underrated
So many Jimmys. Where did we go wrong?
Wokeism is the culprit.
Wow dude you sound exaclty like Coffeezilla actually. Just noticed.
I stopped watching late night shows 2018
not knowing the names of his crew after 2 years is a  bigger deal, imo. Not because it's worse., but because, although being horrible enough to service workers to the point you get banned, means you were incredibly horrible. But it could have been a horrible reaction to a bunch of things happening and that one thing at a restaurant just broke the camel's back resulting in being a huge douche to innocent people one time. Not even knowing the name's of your crew after 2 years, means you haven't even seen the people constantly around you, working for you, as people for two whole years.
8:52 BTS
I personally detest Jimmy Kimmel for his complete mockery and his stupid views on animation. Such as calling it for kids especially from the recent Oscars. If he did just one episode's worth of animation in a Japanese studio I am sure he would be begging to never do it again.
Man i miss craig ferguson
Cancel all late night shows  right now I’m tired and sick 🤢 of them  they are stupid people Bring back the people we know  who life like I miss him Craig progression
2:29 my birthday is April 26! James Corden did that for me as a birthday present! What a guy!
I havent had network television since 2010. And i will never go back.i grew up on David Letterman. I loved it but network tv is dead to me.
once Dave, Craig and Conan retired, i  did too from watching.
Late night died when Conan left
yes i do
Whike video is cringe u people are weirdos and think your super smart and how u look 40 ober weight
its speaks a lot about your political affiliation by the way you covered all these anchors
love the eddy formula of talking about a topic, find something to say he falls in love with, then continues with video.
Can someone explain what the deal with these late night shows is? Why do we need more than one guy?
When I was a child I would visit my grandparents every summer for a couple of weeks. My grandfather ran a theater, and I would usually go with him each day to open up. My grandmother would usually bring us dinner around 6, and then she would take me back home. On Sundays I watched Lawrence Welk  with my great-grandmother, but every night we watched Johnny Carson. I remember how she would laugh and say things like, "Oh, that Johnny is too much! I declare! He outta be ashamed of himself." I always looked forward to those two weeks and watching late-night TV with Mama Cole. That was paradise for a child. During the day I watched movies, ate popcorn, and drank unlimited soda, and then I got to stay up as late as I wanted.
I love Colbert and Conan (also John Oliver, but well he's not a late night show host)
😂 GREG GUTFELD IS BY FAR FUNNER. UBER 😂
Sorry but I can’t stand the late night hosts talking politics. They’re all one sided and if they were conservative they’d lose their careers. Period
I do catch Tonight Show clips or record for a guest. But I managed to sit through the 2 hour anniversary the other day. This year is a milestone of sorts. Tonight Show is 70 years old, Jimmy Fallon turns 50 and he's been on 10 years as the host. But unfortunately I   don't think the format is going to last. However his show maybe the one that last the longest. Kimmel is close to retiring. Myers will probably quit before the show gets canceled. And Colbert will be the first one off the air as the network already changed to a game show instead of having a new version of The Late Late Show.
Another aspect is that people would come home after work and relax with Late Night Comedy. With more people working at home and making their own hours, this is less of a universal standard.
the quick hopscotch break got me
last week tonight is the only good late night show and that's because it's not a late night show
The best of this kind of show is "Graham Norton show"
by far, Trevor Noah is my least favorite public figure on tv, except for like bill marr. i cannot explain it but he has a smug asshole vibe that puts me in fight or flight
“But one was British” GOT ME DYING. 5:00
Jonny Carson wasn't that good; he just monopolized the format
I like Jimmy Fallon, he's fairly nice and does a serviceable job. His hate is somewhat undeserved. He's just become a scapegoat for the general shift of perception TV has been getting over the past few years.
Bull shit mid video ads that you put in
Probably laughed heartily at his own jokes when a kid.
My favorite part of these videos is his mustache
What's cable? Lol Never bought cable, ever. For year I never had a tv. It's ok to live without media too!  Hello Take breaks.
Tbh if your only joke is trump, the show is going to get stale.
People just don't watch live TV anymore.
This was fantastic. Just a bit of trivia from an old lady comedy nerd who has been watching Late Night not just since before you were born but before I was born (VH1 used to rerun decades-old full episodes late at night): Conan has been doing wildly popular and beloved remotes with a cult following since his first show began in 1993. These (and his behind the scenes antics) were beholden to Letterman and an absolute reverence for his comedy. The thing I find most remarkable is that, by continuing to do episodic remotes, Conan keeps the heart of a very particular part of Late Night that Letterman was solely responsible for alive and beating. Letterman's zany, ridiculous, ludicrous and outright demented remotes and behind-the-scenes walk-throughs are legendary and hold up to this day. My respect for Letterman as a person has diminished over the years but watching him every night as a little girl was so formative.  P.S. I kinda suspect those that own it will keep network TV limping along putting less and less money and effort into it and making more and more profit off of streaming (plus all that juicy streaming data) until a good chunk of boomers have died and that will be that for the entire concept of not just Late Night but network television altogether.
Conan is the only one that didn’t die
The British sent Corden over here because they hate him too
I miss Trevor Noah, the only late night show I watched everyday
For some reason I had convinced myself that corden was gay and i have no idea why. I think I thought he and that one guy that hbomberguy exposed were the same person. Just a peek into my twisted mind
I miss Insomniac with Dave Attell
I love that no matter what youtube video you watch regarding late night talk shows, the comment section always boils down too: they all fucking suck, except for Conan. Conan rules.
I miss Trevor Noah 😢❤
Number one , letterman? Number 3  I love Conan!
god damn it eddy! I had wiped that horrifying celebrity song from my memory
it will be funny when your format will be seen as a relic of the past. talk sh#t now, eat sh#t later!
If skibidy Biden came out at this time that would be hilarious
P*do mustache guy
anyone knows which mic he's using? Sorry but i couldn't help asking,
Craig F. was the best! Geoff the skeleton robot 😁 His was the only late night show I watched. I admit it was late late but I tivo-ed it to watch the next day but the Jimmys, Seth, Corden...meh.
The Late.. Late Night shows
9:16 him using a good song from a fantastic movie for this awful awful joke makes me so mad
Once they got into politics was when they fell off
Craig Ferguson > Conan
Jimmy Fallon is not just unfunny. I actively hate him.
"20:08 S.N.L. & S.N.P.M.'r not caebl, thej'r 'main stream'."
"9:23 Regin Reginald Dennj streiks not, again."
"1:28 Issz that hr faek wojsc ar real wojsc?"
Ever heard Craig Ferguson.
gutfeld is better than all these a-holes
Conan literally knew a News interviewer a few months ago when he met the Pope in the Vatican and even called him by name.
Oh lets see johnny carson and david letterman. After that, people were like....?
16:03 future me, find this song
James Corden's appeal has to be one of the most spectacular Hollywood miscalculations of all time
Wow. Compared to a lot of your other videos, this is some milquetoast, basic bitch, braindead takes on the topic at hand. Not a single mention of how hard into left-wing politics, covid hysteria, and corporate shilling of the vaccine directly for the pharmaceutical companies profit could have killed late night? Fallon, Kimmel, Colbert. All are guilty of this. Were you completely unaware? Or too much a wuss to mention this distinct factor into the death of late night?
WE LOVE CONAN HERE!!!!! (and you eddie of course)
Craig Fergusson was doing it right, when I found out Corden was taking over...I felt bad for America. Can't stand Corden, he's his own biggest fan.
Yeah.....all of this AND they're all Democrat shills that specialize on sewing division and telling idiots what to think. Carson was the only king.
I'm not gonna lie, 50% of why I subscribed just now was that absolutely glorious mustache.
Stephen Colbert is insufferable and unwatchable. It's a shame because he used to be such a talented improv actor.
TODAY IS THE DAYY. JAMES CORDEN GOESS BYEBYE
Please stop saying James Corden is a comedian.  He was a comedy actor.  Big difference.
22:32 Wow this video came out before Taylor Tomlinson's fairly successful @midnight reboot, which has done a pretty good job of making web-friendly content for youtube and tik tok.
Nah Pedro can fuck off. I will use a shot of his caved head for my pc wallpaper when Lost of Us season 2 Aires. Oops spoilers.
James Corden is a human vape-pen
I don’t mind the rest but Jimmy Fallon has got to be the unfunniest host ever. It’s so akward on his show and it’s like pathetic laughs
Bless Pauley Perrette
And this is where I finally learn what happened to Craig's show. ...man, I miss Geoff.
the late night shows (in my country) are so induced in such political right or left wings to the point where it is really unbearable to watch (WHO NEEDS 5 NIGHT SHOWS IN A SINGLE COUNTRY???)
Interesting and entertaining. I do get caught up though in the missing "Roll up, roll up for the " above your mystery door!
Nowadays: Orange Man Bad
"Eddy Burback?"  "Yeah. You know. J-shalot who rolled INT."
My Son lives in Woodland Hills (northern LA) we went down from Oregon to help work on his house. There’s a privately owned hardware store near his home, the lady that helped us is one of those writers. She said they absorbed the first several months, but then had to take supplemental jobs to prevent loosing everything. That strike hurt LOTS of people, the elites really stuck it to them. We later learned that her, and all 12 employees made it through, but not without suffering some severe losses.
Trevor Noah didn’t leave, he was booted out due to horrible ratings. You’re very kind in lots of this, but when one puts his foot in his mouth over and over, then insults his audience continually, he looses his show. He didn’t leave, he was booted!
Conan had started to burry a legend with his antics, this along with questionable contract stretches, led them to can him and bring Jay back.  Conan got paid a large chunk of money for them canceling his contract, no k r should feel sorry for him financially. He made millions for walking off that set.  Leno and Letterman were both good, but since Carson left we’ve never had another great performer. I also see that FOX gets left out as Greg Gutfeld was taking shares away from the others, yet he’s not mentioned at the start, why?
Conan was the last of great late night TV host. Fallon was the start of it's death.
love that you elevated seth meyers. i also watched a closer look during quarantine, his bits were well adjusted and actually funny, i still actively watch every update to a closer look to this day and i love his other segments too where he lets his writers shine, even being the butt of their joke {i.e. surprise inspection, jokes seth cant tell, etc.} his show works on the online space and i think as the ratings drop he'll just go with the motions and let his online platform grow instead. he's a great host and i hope at least his show prospers going forward.
Ray may not have killed him, but he would’ve drove a couple people to carry out the hit lmao
I don’t like when late night hosts get into politics and choose sides. They’re comedians, i just don’t wanna hear it, it sours it for me. If they wanna talk about news on their personal social media go for it, but not on their show. If they do it’s fine, I just won’t watch it
Isn’t anyone else sick of being preached to by Kimmel and others about how much they hate Trump and Conservatives??!!! Johnny Carson NEVER talked about his political views. Neither did Leno or Conan or Letterman.
"But one...was British." i mean that was also true with the old guard, only their token Brit was Craig Ferguson, who was a million times better than anyone else in the format.
conan cool and seth ight everyone wlse midasf
The problem is they are all pandering and virtue signaling. Add in they all are not relatable and uber lefties. The average person cannot relate to late night hosts anymore.
Sorry I’m passing on this. I hope you get more likes but I unlike you I’m not subscribing and I think Colbert and Jenny Kimmel are brilliant. Hope you enjoy the Trump show. I’m sure that’s the road you’re going down.
Its crazy that this guy is about as old as i am, but looks 20 years older than me
21:22 does anyone know the name of this Netflix show?
I'm glad everyone is agreeing that Conan is the goat
Fuk the late night bullshit political rhetoric hack amen Hollywood is screwed.
Fuk the late night bullshit political rhetoric hack amen
Maybe something went right over my head, but what video are you referring to around 14:20 ???
Only boomers watch late night shows. The format is dying because they’re all dying off fast.
My dad would with Jay Leno every night...
I hope there was someone there to see Eddy walking back and forth across the crosswalk and thinking “wtf is this guy doing?”
I exclusively watch Seth Myers' A Closer Look and Corrections on YouTube. No other late night. The only thing I ever watch live is baseball.
I hope Eddy knows that us midwest boys are infinitely grateful for Eddy and his youtuberness(a complete dude motherfucker)
Late night took a death blow when Craig Ferguson left and ko'd when Conan left.
Let's make this quick. Pull off the band-aid.   THEY ALL SUCK!!!
Watching this video after the Skibidi Biden incident
I think I speak for all British people when I say: You guys can keep James Cordon
After skibidi biden late night TV is doomed
Forgot to talk about the real best talk show host: graham norton
I never understood late night shows, growing up as a kid I figured they were fillers til the good content came back. As an adult I still don't get it, it's like the televised version of the annoying radio hosts who talk about random bullshit and what happened in their day, as if we care.
Are you sure you're in your 20,s you kind of look like my dad , and I'm nearly 50 ?!
My grandparents wouldn't let me watch Conan as a kid because he was an atheist. I watched a lot of Leno.
kimmel sucks bro he acts like a DEI wetdream when the outro on The Man Show was "and now girls jumping on trampolines," during the credit roll. don't even get me started on his Karl Malone impression. Do some research
I don't know how many people will care, but at 23:20, I'm fairly certain that's the actor who played Duncan Birch on _The Onion's_ round table discussions. It's nothing surprising as actors usually have more than one role, but I think it's pretty neat.
Colbert Report was the fucking best show. Amazing satire...
kimmel & colbert are my online staples really , fallon & meyers a little less but that's cos less of them is suggested to me , also they are quick to take weeks off
no one... NO ONE at all likes a show with a 'live band' and stupid host/band banter....stop it !!!!
Conan was the last great late night show host.
As a non-American Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon’s existence kind of blended in my mind - anybody else have this? Or just me? The thumbnail just reminded me that they’re different people…
Colbert when he talks loss and deep questions, almost reminds me of Terry Gross. Both of them can get people to admit to their deepest secrets.
Wtf, Jimmy has The Roots as his band?
Could have dropped «Late Night» and just called it «The Death of TV»
Paris Hilton choose her monkey correctly. Being stupid and throwing poop. Perfect.
What was the video Eddy was referencing about Pedro Pascal?
trevor noah sucks. i want to like him but so unfunny
You believe Jay Leno chose to leave? Actually what happened was *NBC* (fearing they were going to lose Conan to another network) offered him "The Tonight Show" *IF* he would wait 5 years, at which time Jay would be put out to pasture. This was not Jay's choice.  RE: "...after decades of having it."  When Jay was replaced in 2009, he'd hosted for almost 17 years. So not quite decades.  RE: "You gracefully hand over the position to Conan O'Brien,"  Yes, as *NBC* instructed him to do, thereby sparing Conan potential criticism from Jay's audience for how he got the show at Jay's expense.  RE: "...and then you decide that you miss the attention."   Well, actually it was more like *NBC* missing the profits from having a "Tonight Show" that was #1 in late night. You see, when Jay handed over the show in May of 2009, it had been consistently at the top of the ratings for years, and after a week with Conan as host, "TTS" was losing to "Late Show With David Letterman." This was not a good sign to *NBC.*  RE: "So you come back,"  Yes, when *NBC* decided they were actually about to make a huge mistake letting Jay go to *ABC* to host a new show that would oppose Conan.  RE: "...destroy Conan's career for a year or two..."  Jay's 10pm show only ran 3 months, and Conan had a new show at *TBS* about 10 months after he resigned from "The Tonight Show." So, nowhere near two years.  RE: "...and then you decide you're tired and you retire once again."  Jay Leno did a stand up gig the day after setting his face on fire. The guy doesn't seem to get tired. What happened was after four more years of hosting "The Tonight Show," *NBC* (once again) decided to retire Jay. I have little doubt that if they'd let him stay, he would probably have hosted that show for as many years as Carson did.   Honestly, Mr. Burback, your conception of what happened is both factually inaccurate and mischaracterizes Jay's Leno's part in it. The entire story was made public years ago in the excellent book *"The War For Late Night: When Leno Went Early & Television Went Insane"* by NY Times journalist Bill Carter. That's a book people who want to judge should read, and not just cling to false narratives.
Both Meyers and Kimmell acknowledge their YouTube-only audience, I think it's clever
S N L    DIED DECADES AGO!   19:52   The once dynamic, hilarious comedy platform slowly lost its steam over the years     Has it occurred to anyone that Lorne Michaels can't last forever?  I don't know what the succession plan is, but it's time to punch out. There hasn't been a good line or decent laugh since the parents of the current generation we're rolling on the floor laughing,     They don't even spin out independent careers for the talent anymore.  Imagine what a spectacular you would have with actual comedy and New Management.                                              👺     .
I think Jimmy is a safe host for most (Boom, i'm a poet and I know it), but Kimmel is the funniest. His wit is very adult but at the same time his show has a bit of wholesomeness to it. Meyers is my current fav because (besides Norm) he was the best at Weekend Update and that's basically half of his show and for myself it works.
My step dad would just go back n forth between Leno and Letterman.
Jay was number 1.  Conan didn't pull those numbers.  Never did
I love the idea of someone watching him film the crosswalk bit
The Scottish Craig Ferguson was replaced with the English James Corden so the 'British' tally on your diversity scorecard stayed at exactly one.
The spirit of late night TV definitely changed and became just nasty and mean-spirited. Too biased and sickening to watch.
Died when Conan left did so much different wasn’t afraid to do things he didn’t know
My parents watch late night tv via YouTube now on their tv, since we have like an Apple TV
Colbert is too political. He's not in the realms of reality, he is like a pre X Twitter feed and he can't go back from being far left, not when you're that exposed.
I remember watching the tonight show with johnny carson in the early 80s
Yikes on that product placement.
I think Gutfeld! Is pretty funny. The other shows? Nah.
Not since David Letterman.
what killed late night shows is politics and "activism".
U Persian?
I thought a light with 6 corners took to long imagine an unreasonable musical like an add you can't skip
Gutfeld! RULES!
Craig was great. Who thought Cordan was a good sub???  Also… late night can dip it’s toes into politics, but when it’s pushing a lopsided political message … we switch off..  The off the charts TDS lost half the country.  👏🏻
Political late night is the most cringe thing on TV
TV is shit in the UK. I'd imagine every programme is tanking!
I'm glad TV has died. But unfortunately now the internet becomes slowly TV (short content format).
I really like your videos, but I think this is probably this stupidest one i've ever seen.  You really don't understand at all. Why these shows have failed. It's because of the politics and the lecturing. Nobody wants to hear that crap. Just be funny, make fun of everybody equally.  You don't even mention greg goupfeld, who is leading all the ratings. You completely missed the mark with these stupid tanks. These incorrect and biased takes.
It was cool until they started pushing propaganda. Colbert being the front runner. And of course Conan now thinking Haiti isn't a sht hole by staying at a tourist resort lol
Conan was my guy in the before times and will always be #1 in my book. Just so comedically intelligent yet not above dumb silliness. Also showed himself to be a good, principled dude.  I'm okay on Jimmy Kimmel and Seth Meyers, and best I can say for Fallon and Corden is that they never really did it for me 😅  I'm a Colbert fan too since the Colbert Report/Daily Show days. Even now, I'll still enjoy the occasional clip of his monologue and he comes off as a genuinely good human being who's great at connecting with others.  ...But yeah, you said it. With all the content out there and the access to celebs, it's harder to justify taking time to watch an hour late night show. Didn't realize until this vid how much I fell out out of watching late night live since quarantine 🤔
This video made me miss staying up late and watching Craig Ferguson 😢
2:37 Shocking, considering that i'm watching this on April 27th, 2024, a year after he resigned.
last time I watched late night TV I was about 20.  I'm 41 now
10:29 my flavor of autism
The beginning of the end for Late Night shows was Trump. And then Covid murdered all of them. We all realized that all theses shows have very little substance, bad writing, and are truly just ads for celebs to pop on for 5 min and push their new thing.
No one comes close to Conan
Your an lDiOT ...Late night died because they are all NOT Funny AND they all went political and Pissed off 50% of their audiences.... so if you hate your audience AND your NOT funny ...that spells death... Change those 2 things and you will have a winner
Ugh! I hate Jay Leno! WHAT A JERKY MOVE he pulled on Conan. Ive always liked Conan! And im glad he is still doing great!
Best shows in order is Letterman, Colbert, Conan, Leno, Myers, Kimmel, Fallon then Cordon
opinion kinda died when you mentioned trevor noah literally the worst host of a night show
24:25 YOU LOOK AMAZING A SUIT🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Not to mention people got sick of being lectured every night about how racist, sexist, and transphobic we all are.
Every single late night TV show host has exactly the same political opinion. They all make sure you know how they feel. They all sacrifice comedy in order to push their political ideology. The networks did this to themselves and they deserve it.
Wait. Corden has a WIFE?? As in, a woman?? Who buys that BS?
None of these guys are funny except for conan
I haven't had cable in over a decade 😂
The most shocking revelation from this video is that Eddy Burback is 26...  https://youtu.be/Gh3c9tn3ROU?t=1185  Other than that, this was a well made video
"All hail Conan", They all said in unison.
I wish Corden were unique in the "host finds out their guest has a phobia and triggers it for laughs" trend, but alas he isn't. Ellen, Adam Hills and many others have done it.  Some are generally regarded as caring, positive people, others are now known to be pretty nasty. Either way, getting dramatic reactions on TV (or online) seems to be the norm, and sadly sometimes people's boundaries and sense of personal safety are ignored.
Conan was the last of the classic talk show hosts.
You really going to talk about Colbert and not bring up the “VAXX SCENE”? Ok buddy. Kind of showing your colors.
I watch late night, but only online. YouTube is the way to go it is so much better, although we don’t pay them so you know, maybe that says something.
Conan is the only universally Loved talk show host
I wish you could react to videos cos this deserves a thousand 😂😂😂😂😂 absolutely ripped 😂😂
The bored ape segment was my breaking point. I quit watching all late night clips and shows cold turkey.
Too many. It is stretched like everything.
What about the pushing of the Vax and constant hypocritical Trump bashing.
I actually use to watch late night show. But then they started joking about let’s plays but not in like a funny way just insulting and then they had YouTubers go on their shows. It felt so hypocriticalcritical. I just kind of stop.
How did u not mention Trevor Noah taking over for John Stewart? He's black and british
Pro tip: TV antenna will get you NBC and CBS without a cable package 😉
Los Angeles suffers car centric extremism. All those drivers should be on public trains and trams, which the government should build over the roads.
I miss the late late show with Craig Ferguson
thy all suck
18:39 James Corden could never do a bit like this.
7:35 LMAOOOO
7:07 MANIACAL LAUGHING AHHHHHHHHH
“Haha funny man trump bad” there I summed up the last 8 years of late night tv
I think a late night show could be pretty successful in modern times if they hyper focus on the most up-to-date and/or exclusive content. Interview celebs that aren't very active online, plan the shows only days or hours ahead of time to keep them as current as possible, have some kind of live engagement with the audience
Can anybody pls help me with the name of the song at 3:00? Plssds
I think it was actually the Carol Burnett Show that pioneered taking questions from the audience during breaks... but that was a kind time ago.
He’s got a punchable face, corden too. 😉
4:50 super necessary jab, God forbid they were all black
Im 36. I have watched late night my whole life. I too did move to youtube after not watching since Johhy Carsons replacement retired. No one watches cable my age and under all across our area. Cable and late night are dead.
Fallon is the only show that is watchable. The rest are far left BS.
That walking back and forth across the crosswalk montage was the least funny thing I've ever seen that apparently was funny to the person who made it.
Craig Ferguson was the last time I watched late night
All they focus on is Donald Trump even if you hate Trump it gets old. We don’t want to hear about Trump 24/7
Heard now, "woke" late night host crave applause, not laughs.
17:16 idk why when he said that my first thought was nicki minaj rapping i might fuck stephen after the show
Conan is the GOAT it's not an argument it's an irrefutable fact.
“With yourself” is iconic✨🤣✨
Anyone knows the guy at 23:20 in the middle, he looks familiar and it's driving me crazy
i went from jon stewart to stephen colbert to john oliver on youtube, i rly enjoy john oliver and wish more late night comedians would embrace the long form comedy essay format
Its still wild to me Corden took over from Ferguson how u gonna downgrade so hard
Just rewatched this, always hated Cordon and man, is @fter midnight a great replacement for his show! Taylor Tomlinson rules and the show is so funny! I also found it funny when watching this video the first time when it came out that you, someone under 30,still watches cable and I, who turns 40 next year, haven't watched cable in over 10 years. Of course I live in Germany and what's on cable here is wildly different from cable in the states, but the format with its fixed time slots hasn't appealed to me in a long time, streaming is just so much better. (cable) TV has been dead a long time in my world and it always baffles me people still watch it.
21:01 barely scratches the surface of one major issue. Late monologues that would be considered plagiarism at University. The same political, “orange man bad” jokes, seemingly verbatim. And then a slightly different version of the same jokes, over and over, on a nightly basis. Fat comedians can only tell so many fat jokes before they become irrelevant, and that’s definitely something these one dimensional writers need to recognize.
I've never thought any of these guys have been likable to be honest. Good riddance as far as I care
Dude you gotta find footage of Jiminy Glick it’s such a funny satire show about this stuff.
After leno left, there wasn't any point...its all propaganda millennial bs
13:37 even the fly in Hillary’s eye knows the reason why Oswald died
Conan the 🐐
“Number three was good” with the fingers….RIP💀 I’m dead
Alice coopers a real man, guy was smiling while Writhing in pain
America please keep james corden we dont want him on uk tv 😂
0:10 not after what they did to my man co co
If the writers weren't writing shite they would have had more support
Remember Corden and Colbert each doing their little Pfizer vaccine songs and dances? That was absolutely horrific. I can't fathom why people willingly watch these type's of propaganda shows.  As for that prancing tit doing carpool karaoke and holding up traffic like a narcissistic bellend... Ill stop the rant here.
Personally - I think the politics is what helped kill the late shows.
11:44 nice hat eddy
Stephen has always been a favorite of mine because he still seems like an intelligent southern gentleman for the most part, even if he's shifted his form from shifting pop culture to late night lol
too many moustached boys squinting and tilting their heads back for likes 2024 sucks
I wish you would keep James Cordon. He's a Tw4t and we do not want him back.
It’s still wild to think that covid actually affected some people’s lives out there. I lived in a small rural area for those 2 weeks
Liza koshy was the worst host ever.
No longer watch tv. Quite paying for service in 2011. And late shows have been Awful for 15 yrs.
Late night got the toe tag after Jay Leno retired.
Now they're little more than DNC propaganda outlets.
You lost me at turning on the TV
My uncle worked with James before he got big on some small show. He said he was proper up his arse then too and was a dick to alot of the staff
Late night shows also sucked because they went political with "jokes" (often just their political opinions and not really jokes) that 1/2 the country (or more if there wasn't even a joke there) didn't find funny.
Your opinions are spot on
Why is late night TV dying? Because it's just one sided politics. Immediately lost half the audience when you just cater to one side. Same reason SNL is dying.
Fergie ferg is the best.
You can keep Cordon, America. We don't want him back.
Meh - It is hard for anyone to appeal to everyone.  You don't watch live TV - You watch what you want when you want....  stop acting like it is "night time"
For me the Late/ Late Night show died when Craig Ferguson stepped down.
okay , you again.., whats next...
what type of pants are these? Love your style man
Also TDS made these shows unwatchable. Colbert went full polit-bureau, Noah was always extremely bland. They lost a lot of the audience.
Is the butchering of every Japanese word save for ramen deliberate ?  😂 My faves were sack-ura , moe-chi and Mizo soup
Craig Ferguson was the best. I miss him. But I gotta admit, I had stopped watching cable TV years before. Streaming killed regular TV. Sorry not sorry.
Zip up your pants.
So you're re not going to show stephen colbert dancing in that super cringe covid sketch?
I actually love after midnight! Taylor Tomlinson is a great host she's so silly.
Conan is the one and only, always been, always will be
Why do late night show hosts always have massive foreheads?
They're not funny it's just social engineering for those that don't watch cnn
can’t believe the main thing that i’m getting out of this video is that the imagine video aged even worse than we expected
The juror clapping 👏🏼 @21:20 is nuts! Hope whoever got a new trial 😂
It sounds like you're talking about SNL, but yeah I agree 101%
Wait are u on a byu im batman bit?
19:50 Haven't watched cable or tv since 2013
"Okay so I just crossed the Corden Walk" *alien sounds in the background*
I've never laughed at Seth myers.. literally the one show that should be canceled
I could have sworn james was gay
Conan is da goat 🐐
Craig furguson was the best late night host by far.
German latenights are very different and feel like they are on their high. They are (almoast) exclusively political. There are rearly any stars... Interesting maybe
All live tv content is dogshit and most movies have been as well recently.  I don't care for the writers strike because half of them are bad at their job.
While I love Trevor Noah, I’ve really enjoyed The Daily Show more after he left and they’ve been rotating hosts. Now granted it’s the only show I’ve actually turned on at 11pm, but it’s still really solid
Craig Ferguson was the greatest late night host ever, period. Corden was so bad, that he even made the moronic Fallon look (almost) capable
The ratings king of late night is Greg Gutfeld and he is not even on this guy’s radar.  Sure Gutfeld isn’t very funny, but neither are the “orange man bad” hosts afflicted with TDS.  Our country is too divided to embrace the pros like Conan and (usually) Fallon.
Bill Hicks was right about Leno
Why are "Hussin"s eyes always so wide open?
That thing with alice cooper was awful, cooper shouldve left. Everyone hates nails on a chalkboard, balloons rubbing is his version of that. Forcing the baheeby jeebies on someone is next-level obnoxious.
Eddy, I can't believe you are 27! You have an amazing brain sir! Love your channel, show, content, storylines, premises, comedy....entire fricken package. I had been kinda bummed out lately and you have brightened my spirits! Especially the Vision Pro video, really well done dude❤
anyone under 50 still watching TV ?!?
The only time I've watched TV in a decade is if I'm in a hotel room. That's its.
I loved Jon Stewart. He was such a charming guy, not afraid to be political and could say so much with just a look. I kinda never managed to get into any of the other ones but I agree that Colbert has done some great work. I still think there is a case for these shows even if mostly viewed on youtube (hell, I'm not american myself, I can't watch them on TV).
craig ferguson saying to james corden "I'm very very sorry for what's about to happen." Has to be the most honest yet devastating thing that he could've said in that moment. There will never be another show like craig's
26? Damn
Colbert just screaming about Donald Trump is just the final nail in the coffin for late night television.
TLDR + Click bait + Bullshit: FU
Seth Meyers does a YT only thing called Corrections, which requires watching his show on TY and commenting on what he got wrong, then he goes over all the mistakes with just his crew as the audience. It is brilliant.
20:05 germany enters the chat
They replaced a Scotsman with an Englishman. BOTH are British. I know you were joking about 'diversity' but still...
Conan is the GOAT
I loved Jon Stewart's Daily Show. It was so good I learnt about random people and politics in America, a country that is a 13 hour flight away for me. For all its flaws the show was engrossing and funny as heck.
0:19 do most people turn on the tv and watch a late night segment from start to end?  WONDE WAT THE ANSURR IZ 🤤
Why? Because crass instead of class pandering instead of relatable and biased instead of balanced. And don't forget predictable instead of creative.
Cobert is one of the biggest sellouts and a disgrace to comedy in general.  He went from literally making fun of George bush to his face on the greatest satirical show ever, to licking every establishment boot he could find. He's a P.O.S.
Conans beard looks like a wax mannequins beard or like the one in Team America.
The best late night show host is, always has been, and always will be Grey Leno.
Which Late Night Jimmy was the one Mike Stoklasa was referring to? Specifically when he said "The only thing he should host is a parasite".
I miss Craig Ferguson— grew up on the man, still love Seth, I miss Trevor Noah and at the same time Trevor left by the way, Judy W. Retired from PBS Newshour and it really felt like the world was ending.
SNL is the only one for me
When I was in highschool my mom, sister, and I would frequently stay up to watch Letterman's Top Ten. I expected Colbert to be better from watching him and Jon Stewart. But once he left the Colbert Report, he became just another sanctimonious host of a corporate media show who was happy to lecture the public and afraid to upset concentrated power.
Triumph the dog was legendary
It started out as company then it turned into propaganda
If adult swim counts then maybe
nfts are/were craaaaazy😂
Do you really need to know every single crew member's name. I mean all of that extra effort is not worth it.
Go to every topgolf in America
People in Britain don't like him either. Why'd you think he left?
graham norton show is nice because he brings out guests together, bringing you interactions between celebrities you cannot get anywhere else.
8:08 I’m autistic, and balloons make literally one of the worst noises on earth in my opinion. If someone did this to me, I would literally just leave. I couldn’t handle that.
Briefly worked for Colbert and can confirm, he’s a sweetie pie
just stop following celebritys altogether.
Okay seeing Conan beside those pathetic excuse for comedians is just wrong
Hmm
I watch Gutfeld, religiously....  FBI come for me. 😂
Man I loved Craig F so much, watched it a ton in high school and college. I’m old. And man I watched maybe 30 seconds of  Corben and never watched it again. Was Craig ever cancelled? That might break my heart. He seemed like he changed his life and was a good dude but I don’t trust celebrities anymore 😢 lol
Seth Myers is killing it. Dudes writers n everyone who works in show have such a cool vibe. But indeed I watch it all on YouTube
I feel like colbert was great for his character but it was his writing staff and his willingness to try that led that era to such a height that honestly should be remembered. The whole era was way more political (as in a true focus on policy and actual governmenr) rather than some trump is evil bit for the billionth time. I adored his mockery because it was sensible but it wasn't the only focus and he was smart enough to know when to toe the line and when to cross it. The whole putins c*ckholster debacle showed that he himself probably had a good quip but it just wasn't a great execution. To me if it was just a little jab it would have had a better impact but what do I know?  Also kind of like tuckers more personal podcast apperances if Stephen went that route he could honestly rebuild a better and lasting legacy rather than whatever he's doing now. I get it hes a liberal that hates the right, lots of the late night sphere does. Its boring.  Edit: I meant bush is evil but I'll leave the trump part because it's fact.
Between 2016 and 2020 is when I stopped caring. I get there will always be politics and there has been for a long time but its too much now or at least it was when I stopped, no idea if they still do it. I don't need it in everything. During that time it became my entire twitter feed, it was the top of reddit daily. Hell I couldn't watch a movie review without it somehow being a fight for or against "wokeness", a word I don't even think has a definition. Politics and comedy can and do go together but it is too much.  Oh also the TV thing, once you stop watching there is little reason to go back.
Comcast is the devil. Do not let them entice you back
For me Craig Ferguson is probably the best late night host ever. Also, I feel like covid era was the gold time for people like Colbert and Meyers, some others clearly struggled. I no longer watch whole shows, but I really like Meyers' "Corrections" and his tendency to do a bit different comedy every now and then. Edit. Oh, man..  @midnight was actually pretty smart and funny back in the day
This video has about twice as many views as the average viewership of any of the current network late night shows.
During the strike, some of the late night writers did a podcast to get sponsor money to pay their staff which was really cool of them. Fallon, Kimmel, Meyers, Colbert, and John Oliver. Strike Force Five, highly recommend the podcast, its hilarious.
Nope racist pedro will never get a pass for comparing half of the country to the KKK because they voted for someone. Hope his career is over.
i want james corden to change his name so i don't have to share my fucking name with him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mq76QSlRiPo
Conan is and always will be the GOAT. He was ACTUALLY funny and witty
Craig Ferguson supremacy
Craig Ferguson is also British 🤷
drove by margaritaville resort in orlando while listening to this 🫶🏼🫶🏼
Man Conan is a rare W for planet earth, hes just a really good guy
Am I'm the only one that thought that James Corden was fruity?
When I watched your videos then I was entertained so then I subscribed to you
eddy burback woke af
Should have mentioned the garbage replacements to the colbert report and the Jon Stewart Daily Show. Both of their replacements were terrible. This is when the media started becoming super leftist.
Seth Meyers Is the absolute best
I really had high hopes for this mini documentary thinking that it would reveal the obvious reasons why this current group of clowns are suffering in the ratings.Unfortunately, the person who made this hardly mentioned it at all. The real reason they have gone down the toilet is because they have all become establishment hacks and have decided that it is better to blast one political side over the other and alienating half their audiences ..pure and simple. The last generation of late night hosts made fun of all politicians, while these guys choose their liberal favorites. I can watch entire Carson shows still today and laugh because it’s true comedy and entertainment I’m watching. Five minutes of Kimmel and I’m looking for the remote..
Jackass after jackass. They fckin need to go away.
Conan is king🎉
I'm from UK and most people here can't stand James Cordon. Probably why he moved. Sharon Osborne was on UK big brother and she slagged him off, don't think she's a fan either.  So to hear he's annoying people is US too doesn't suprise me.
Idk if you’ll ever seen this man, but this is quality content, hooked me in and the video was way better than I expected from the thumbnail and title. Good job man keep it up I’ll be watching you thruther
Craig Ferguson was and will always be the superior Late Nighy host to end all hosts!  Never been another near as good as him
Is John Oliver not a late show host?
I’ve always thought Cordon was just kind of a d*ck. And the things he ended up being involved with, like the treatment of the restaurant staff and holding people up for a bit just seemed to be in line with that.  I have nothing against Kimmel, Colbert or Fallon. Don’t mind watching them, but could ultimately take or leave any of them. Seth Meyers is the only one I’m partial to. He’s the best by far in my opinion, and I think he has a unique quality about him that distinguishes him from the others. And ‘A Closer Look’ is easily the best at what it does. “Corrections” is really good too and definitely showcases the familial atmosphere among him and his crew.
I love Stephen Colbert and Conan O'Brien. But when Craig Ferguson showed up in 2005,  I was hooked. Eddy, I wished you could have spent another few minutes about Craig. He was his own person and did what he wanted & I enjoyed the banter between him and his producer Michael.  Craigs show was more ingenious & original than the others. When Craig left, he left a void that many still feel today.
I would have no opinion on Jimmy Kimmell if he wasn't constantly virtue signaling about something to cover up the first 10 years of his career. He's done any offensive gag you can think of and now seems super concerned about morality.
If I ever got stuck at a light and a horde of people started dancing and singing around me I’d absolutely destroy my sound system by turning it all the way up and put all of my windows down
Trevor Hills???
I think the consistency of late night shows and other weekly tv shows helped with some mental health issues in the population. Now we don’t really have that anymore.
Late Night died with Conan.
Conan and Craig Ferguson were by far the best. Both Jimmy Fallon and Kimmel are half likeable, half cringe to me. Cordon just sucks.
Probably because they're all liberal hacks lol
I like the Cheeto stash.
Ziwe got cancelled?! It's the only interview show I liked.
I’m glad all of these late night talk shows are finished. I’m personally not a fan of none of them except Trevor Noah 🤷🏾‍♀️
My dad watched Jay Leno from beginning to end
23:05 yer fly is down [partially] HEEHAW!!!
The daily show with Jon Stewart the moment they gave Colbert his own show i was out. Loved him on the daily show but as a host it felt like his comedy style got ousted for a host style
I turned this crappy video when it became about this putz and the crosswalk
Just want to point out that 2 or 3 episodes into "Strike Force 5" you actually get real people and real interactions and it reminds you how talented these host really are.
In the netherlands we have one that is being watched by a lot of young adults, mostly on youtube and not on TV, every episode is uploaded in full. I think the american ones are so fake that I just can't watch it, makes me feel like a dog running after a ball. Most of the hosts have to be Irish because irish = funny...
U were spot on when u said Stephan was better during his quarantine show! He and Trevor were the most authentic! And not-to-mention SNL simply sucks now......EXCEPT for their news segment....and we all love Conan and Hassan!
Am I weird for watching the whole episodes of the late show with Steven Colbert
John Oliver lives on
you cannot speak for young people
The politics killed late night. You don't see that cause you like the politics.
I'm sorry to say I wasn't subscribed to you. I thought I was. Now I am.
Jimmy Fallon's producer groomed a teenage girl and bought her to staff and cast parties, which everyone knew about and mept quiet.  The fact he still has a job is beyond me.
Furguson, Conan, and Colbert are all great. Furguson and Conan are retired now, so Colbert is the only good talk show host remaining imo. Hopefully we get some better ones when these guys retire.
Pedro can do no wrong
Why do these videos never talk about John Oliver?? He’s sooo weird. As in, his place in late night is weird. Especially because his show is wayyyy better than his comedy (sorry John. But you’re not that good at standup).
damn, flashbacks to high school where we'd record Jon Stewart and Colbert and watch them the next day over dinner, has it really been ten years since then?
Ok but you didn’t even bring up Corrections! Best part of late night imo and another example of how well Seth Meyers is adapting to the modern format
15:04 tbh Kimmel is my least favorite out of all the late night hosts. Mean tweets is a funny segment, but he just generally seems like an ass.   Actually bill Maher is my least favorite, but he’s more of a wannabe political commentator than a late night host.
They all suck. Why would anyone watch the same dumb crap over and over?
You can’t save late night anymore than you can save Greek Epic Poems. They were both made in times where options were limited and audiences either weren’t, or couldn’t be, discerning. It will die, and nobody will care.
all i can remember about the colbert report at this point is the cute little dancing skit with... henry kissinger. man shook hands with hitler for a bit.
For context for non-Brits, Corden was made famous by a sitcom called Gavin and Stacey, which he co-wrote with a very funny and likeable Welsh actress called Ruth Jones. It is very clear now that Jones did most of the hard work on that show.
Damn near teared up. What an outro. 👏🏽 👏🏽 👏🏽
Hi bab🩷👅😸👋
Since Craig Ferguson left Late Night..... 👎🏽
Corporate television is the processed food for your brain. It's just NOT good for anyone. A little probably isn't going to kill you, but why even eat it if it tastes like dog shit?
BRING BACK CRAID FERGIE!
Kimmel sucks. Watching him lay down for black people was super cringe.
Late Night Hosts ranked: Stewart>Colbert>Seth>Noah>Conan>Fallon>Kimmel>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>A Literal Talking Cockroach>Corden
Soulless state mouthpieces that program their audiences
They all really suck. Late night "comedy" is dead.
i was kind of surprised that there is actually any kind of legitimate james cordon criticism, because as someone in the uk, everyone i know literally just hates him because he's annoying and has done for years
Late night died when Conan and Ferguson left. Both those guys never took themselves seriously. Now it seems like a party for kids who think they're cool and your not invited if you unless you adopt every last single premise of their ideology.
The unc watches Fallon
Corden could never replace Colbert, idk what tf they were thinking. god bless him retiring but find a lad suit enough to make the show actually FUNNY.
I am older and more conservative now than I was in my youth. Despite this, Colbert's satire of Glenn Beck's "Let's all act like we did after 9/11" in which Colbert responds with a gas mask and shotgun saying "Ok!" Is still the funniest thing i have ever seen on tv.
There is a real aspect of longevity in Late night that I am shocked hosts never figured out (except for one). That is the power of absence.   Carson, who was number 1 in late night his entire 3 decade run, only hosted upwards of 3 nights a week.  He was always in Vegas doing standup or out playing tennis.  The ratings would dip with his absence and then surge on his return. People missed him and it gave other voices an opportunity to shine, creating a network of goodwill towards Carson.   Absence made the heart grow fonder. Even though it wasn't calculated to prevent personality burnout, that's exactly what it did. And America adored him for his entire career despite divorces, alcoholism, and minor scandal. He is a Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient for goodness sake, the highest civilian honor one can receive.   If Jimmy Fallon had taken more nights off we wouldnt have gotten sick of his fake laugh or Colbert's smugness.
It's a shame considering how vital and epic Johnny Carson was
I remember the first few of Seth Meyers' shows returning without an audience. It was so relentlessly cringe how he would by instinct pause for the audience to laugh but there was no one there
What blows my mind about Corden is that he is so disliked but he's such good mates with Harry Styles, who is insanely popular
I can tell you as a british person no one over in the uk has ever thought James Corden was funny it was his comedy partner Matthew Horne who was the funny one
God Seth Meyers is punchable. He's probably less of a POS than, say, Kimmel. But that face. Man, that face.
I just don’t think Seth Meyers has done an episode without talking about Trump
A Closer Look is the only latenight thing I acrtually regularly watch. But I only watch i on youtube. The rest of the show just doesn't grab me except for isolated clips. John Oliver has the only show I watch start to finish.
It's so weird how Colbert simply killed for years on his own show and has just tanked in a different format.
I love you Conan O’Brien
Conan is king, always and forever.
if i was stuck at the crosswalk and an actor touched my car id lay on the horn for the rest of the performance
“You’ll never get me again “ 😭😭
Colbert is a corporate propaganda douchebag.
Colbert, like Stewart, aren't political humourists. They're partisan hacks. Plenty of Democrats to parody, satirize & monologue about, but they can't, they won't. Colbert, particularly, is criminally unfunny. A fluffer for corporate interests & regime messaging.
The new hosts started the decline, and political tribalism finished it off.
Well Jon Stewart is back so am I lol
Never gave a shit for any of em. Boring and quite uninteresting all the shows were
To me Jimmy Fallon’s exuberance comes across as fake. And frankly everything these guys do is not funny, it’s mean. I’m old enough to remember when the Tonight Show With Johnny Carson was special because it was a time when guests came on because they wanted to, not because they had something to pitch. Now everything is so pre-planned and set up it’s just not good.
Literally didn’t know what Kimmel looked like until today
Sooo go to bed early because I work days now and not in college working a night shift job1🤷🏽‍♂️
We need Lili Singh back 😅😅😅
Craig Ferguson was best
the only guy who mattered: Craig Ferguson. That guy killed it, every time. No one else came close.
Hate tv… love YouTube!
After Ferguson and Conan left, I had no interest. Most of the hosts seem arrogant. The one that doesn't is Fallon, but he seems genuinely drunk every episode.
U watch snl? My god
Colbert is a shill to pfizer
Trevor Noah is a hack foo, i pity him.
Everyone but Conan sucked !
Bro...I'm 39 and stopped watching all cable at 24. iNtErNeTz
Craig Ferguson... I'm still not over it. I miss him.
Late night hosts and radio morning/drive time announcers are not really funny. Leno is OK though as he likes cars 😁
You rock Ed!❤😂❤
Have we forgotten Craig kilborn?
I love Conan O'Brien. ❤❤❤
craig ferguson never quite got the spotlight he deserved, but that sort of made him more comfortable to watch, too
Such a super out dated format
You know what? I never really thought Johnny Carson was all that great either. I used to like the Colbert Report and then Stephen Colbert sold out.
The problem is that those “comedians” became politicians serving Democratic Party only.
I used to watch Conan but that was like in 05
we love you conan!!!!!!
Tonight Show fired Conan because his comedy didn't appeal to a big enough umbrella, not just because Jay wanted back in.
Yeeeeah, the diversity angle has taken a nose dive lately.... dont know why someone criticising late night shows is  using the most criticable thing today. Maybe that Singh woman comes later?
why isnt craig ferguson in the thumbnail?
James Corden's hosting of the Late, Late Show made me appreciate Craig Ferguson ten times more.
Why is this guy having millions of subscribers and views, it is unbearable watch
The writers/comedians who made these shows successful are gone … or don’t exist. Hence the downfall of the entire genre…
As long as Last Week Tonight exists, late night TV won't ve completely dead.
Wokeness ended it.
James Corden isn't even famous in the UK anymore and hasn't been for like 15 years. He's a well-known cunt.
It goes Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert and then John Oliver. In that order
21:50 yeah thats where you lost me. Trevor Noah... talented? What planet are you watching from my friend. Guy has the sense of humor of a stale potato
I haven't cared about late night TV since david letterman.
I liked him on gaven and stacy, after that i did not relize he was such an ahole
You all should have watched Craig Ferguson (pre James Corden)
I stopped watching after jon stewart left
Craig Ferguson and the late late night show i would tune in and watch from beginning to end. corden is just awful, the jimmies i don't find funny, meyers is annoying, liked colbert's openings during the trump era. but the format is just so generic and has nothing interesting or entertaining to offer anymore, all the guests are just there to promote sth and the interviews are scripted. why would anyone tune in to watch that?
OMG I somehow only just realized that Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon are 2 different people WTF
Oh no won’t be missed at all
I watch Last Week Tonight in its entirety, and that’s it. What John Oliver and his team do is very different from these guys, and that’s kinda why I like it. Political news and commentary is great, but I wanna hear about things I SHOULD know about with nuance. And I wanna laugh my ass off while I do.
Seeing the pov of people in their cars gave me such second hand embarrassment
Are late night talk show hosts even genuinely funny on their own without the writers? Maybe the writers should be the one with their own show lol
What's wrong with a young person watching cable TV lol I'm 24 and grew up watching cable television until I was almost 18. My family just didn't make the transition until then lol I'm not even mad about it either, steaming costs more especially if your favorite shows or movies are on 3 different streaming services
I just subscribed mostly cause you’re funny… But really mostly cause you’re very good looking and I love men with facial hair! 😊❤
This is all dead on.
Well, you could do this video, which is all well and true... Or you could do this video AND realize that a huge part of the decline is the complete political one-sidedness of Late Night. It's blatantly obvious and frankly disgusting to at least half the audience. AND it ruins comedy as well, because the 8 millionth Honald Drumpf joke starts to kinda get stale. And i do like my Orange Man jokes, quite honestly, if they contain at least a kernel of truth. Add wokeness to it, so that 90% of tropes can not be used anymore, and you're kinda done for. Comedy just needs to be offensive sometimes, and it knows no taboos. It's not supposed to be political propaganda, which it has become more and more. Some of the hosts now try to paddle backwards because they ARE highly intelligent people like you say, but it's just too late. The audience is gone, and it won't come back, because knowing that they are as talented and intelligent as they are, it's INSULTING that they have become regime mouthpieces! Then, why don't you mention Gutfeld. It's not a classical Late-Night show i get it, and the video dates from 8 monts ago. But STILL, he is constantly at the top of the pack, like him or not.
That’s what happens when you go woke
I don't remember the last time I watched late nite tv. It's all about Netflix baby!
If late night talk is not dead ..... it sure smells like it.
Colbert's problem is the real Colbert is basically a high school government teacher
Just here to add to the Conan love. Others learned English from Friends, I did from Conan.
Conan is the goat, no-one even close
Speaking for myself, Fallon wore out his welcome when he was still on SNL. He's just an annoyance...always has been.
James Cordon late night TV                     James Cordon late night TV!!                      JAMES CORDON LATE NIGHT TV!!!!! 😮🤑😵😵‍💫🤪😫😤
When Seth Meyers asked who ate his weed gummies and started saying people's names, I was waiting for him to say "Gilly?"
i watch far too much youtube ..all day..n night..hours dont mean much anymore...i can watch any late night tv here.
Jay always screwed people, he did it to David Letterman, so, of course he did that to conan, the GIANT CHIN was always a Richard Cranium
The death of time slots as America goes on 24/7 gig search.
Jimmy Kimmel’s announcer was let go during covid because he didn’t get the jab. Jimmy didn’t do anything to save his job.
I will be honest. I dont know who seth myers is lmao. Only the other oldies.
I will be honest. I dont know who seth myers is lmao. Only the other oldies.
Late Night was put on Life support when Johnny Carson retired. And DIED <FULLSTOP> after Leno. End of Conversation
Colbert vs letterman has probably been the least jarring switch, mainly bc its one of the most generic and (sorry just IMHO, but...) least good old gen hosts switched to one of the least bad of new gen. Compare even worst of colbert to best of fallon or corden, for example. But even the on-off falloff does certainly point to the broader problem...
You look like Mark Maron dressed as a Mexican trying to hop the border into Mexico
When late night shows went 100% into divisive politics over being funny was the biggest mistake ever. Alienating half of your audience is never a smart business move.
The all suck cause they are unfunny leftists   Waste of a half hour lolol😂
Believe me, if all of Hollywood was conservative and family first, all these actors would be also.
All left wing butt kissers
Stephen really has my respect from a single moment.  He had someone on, one supported gay mirrage and one who didnt.  And when the guy Who didnt support it, started talking the audiance started to boo.  And Stephen told them off, because even if he has an opinion they didnt like, This Was a debate, and everyone deserve their voice.
EDDY IS 26?! WHAT?
late night tv has been the shittiest thing on tv since 2000.
I liked his Show James was Funny Though
So Paris Hilton thought an Ape Resembled Her? 😂😂😂
I watch Graham Norton does he Count ?
Seth Myers is the least funny person on the planet
Conan is the only genuinely funny one of the lot. Fallon's watchable, Noah is like watching Pinocchio trying to act like a real boy, Corden and Colbert both have faces for radio. Also, as a South African, I find it's very easy to see when the Republicans are winning something, all these hosts become whiny and desperate looking.
Here in the UK we just play clips of the Queen on late night TV, then they switch it off 🇬🇧
aside from Conan, good riddance.
Kimmel is a hypocrite and he sucks. Conan FTW.
The problem with late night is simple.  They're all woke which alienates half of the potential viewers, they aren't as funny as the men they replaced, and there's more alternatives in the time slot than ever before.  Also, the death of the celebrity is upon us.  Not as many people are as famous as there used to be so the pool of interesting people has vastly depleted.  I should point out that Conan wasn't fired the first time just because Jay wanted his slot back - not even close.  Conan's ratings took a deep dive from where Leno was and never showed signs of recovery.  His TBS stint was also at the bottom of the ratings heap - by a lot too in an already struggling late night format.  80's sitcom reruns on Nick-at-nite beat him - often.  Contrary to what many are saying below praising him - he wasn't as funny or as quick witted enough for the position compared to a Letterman, Ferguson, or Jay.  As for Seth, Cordon, Kimmel, or Colbert - well, they are painfully uninteresting and comedy seems to evade them at every opportunity.  Remember when Colbert had the dancing vaccines?  It went viral not because it was funny - it went viral because it was cringe.  Not a good look to sell a show.  I didn't even bring up Fallon because I forgot he existed.
This reminds me of how much better craig ferguson was. Like a porsche next to a micra.
I feel that during the 2016 election cycle many late night hosts alienated much of their audience by making their shows so political
late night is done when Dave lettermen pulls down the curtain. its justn not the same
Conan was great because he was actually funny. Plus he never got into politics too much
Seth Meyers sucks
Toooooo liberal
Eddy is a cutie patootie
It died the day (night) that Craig Ferguson went off the air.
They have all become corporate puppets the way Jimmy Kimmel went after Robinhood GameStop "controversy " demonized the little guys that beat out Wall Street  at their own game is ridiculous. Ill never forget Jimmy kimmel calling them quanon... Jimmy Kimmel confessed he was mad he lost a Lamborghini while one man that beat him at his wall Street  game made millions...was loosing his mom to cancer and was going to use his winning  stock money which was well deserved to save his mom.  Absolutely awful on Jimmy.
i used the be a big fan of stephen colbert, but during the 2016 election it seemed almost everything from him was shitting on trump. and then after that, during his presidency, everytime i got a notification that a new episode was on his youtube it seemed to always be a slander piece on trump or he would make it about trump somehow and it just got so tiring for me. i havent watched his late night or his youtube in a long time because of that, i just got tired of all the politics and stuff, i preferred when he would go after coal companies or the flint Michigan crisis or something like that.
I am old.  I grew up with Carson, and even remember Ed Sullivan in my childhood. The last late night show that I regularly watched was Conan.  Now I just catch clips on YouTube.  I tend to be more annoyed at the non-American hosts (did you mention Oliver?) than the others.  Not sure why.  Like you mentioned, tv shows (and tv magazines and postal interactions) used to be our only connection with celebrities.  Most celebrities could opt to maintain a low profile, disappear off the radar, and then pop up on a show occasionally.    These appearances were carefully crafted and rehearsed.  All those on-air moments and hilarious interview questions that appear spontaneous were practiced just an hour before and the live audience reaction is also rehearsed and encouraged by signs, shills, and fluffers.  The late night shows, I think, for decades, mainly served as a way to showcase/promote a current movie, tour, event, or product.  It was not just the public desiring access to the celebrities, it was more the corporate media craving convenient access to the public, plus advertisers. Win-win-win.  The access to multiple free media by the public has totally changed this.  The model that has worked since the 70s has become a clunky, outdated dinosaur.
Wait, Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel are different people?
I can’t stand Colbert. The sound of his voice makes me want to spew.
Litterally sounds like there 13 people in james cordon studio audience
As a Brit I really wished you Americans would keep him as most of us can't stand him.
yea I lost all reapect for Colbert.
Conan is an international treasure, he's the one and only OG comedian between these buffoons
The late night shows are disgusting,
Jimmy Fallon at home was better than in the studio.  Kimmel monologues the best.  Seth Closer Look perfect.  I just watch on the phone.  Chucked out my TV.
You're 26?! HOW???
You have terrible taste
They’re all poo
Lol my grandma retired twice. Had a whole retirement party at work and everything, just to come back a year later and then retire again like 2 years later. There was no second retirement party😂
None of them should have brought politics to their shows, they alienated half of the country
Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas was a smart, captivating show. The best imho of all The Daily Show alum's follow up shows.
i watched it for my english, now i understand too much
Jimmy Fallon sucks
Jay Leno killed late night
Jimmy Fallus reminds me of Sammy Maudlin/ Bobby Bitman from SCTV. he laughs at unfunny jokes, pounds his desk after cracking himself up. all fake.
Conan and Ferguson were the only good late night hosts.
This guy is 26? Yikess
Craig Kilborn is pretty much the best late night talkshow ever.
Conan is the goat
Conan O'Brien is the best 💯
"I think we were all too hard on Jimmy Fallon" is kinda wild in retrospect considering the whistleblower articles that came out not long after this video.
Great essay on the topic 👌🏼
Paused at 20 seconds to say that late night TV died when Conan O’Brien retired from it. Thanks for listening and now I will watch the video.
It's all political propaganda anymore.
i honestly remember staying up until 1 am to watch one directions last carpool karaoke with james in 2015, but it was on youtube 3 hours later 🙃
Did you say 26? Drop the mustache, it makes you look like a 40 year old Kazachstani trouserbelt manufacturer.
18:05 for fuck sake i started laughing at teh mention of the word "Loss"
My 67 year old mom watches late night talk shows nearly every night. I'm pretty sure that that makes up half of the viewer base, senior citizens. The other half is waiting rooms at airports and hospitals where people physically can't change the channel.
He was abusive to da stAaff!
Young person? Isnt Eddy like 40?
Late Night with Conan O'Brien will always be the absolute best no question
First Conan is the best and got screwed. I love Colbert but I am way more into Seth Myers lately. A Closer Look is fantastic 🎉.  He cracks me up and he gives his people a stage.
Conan is still my favorite.  Loved his show, love the podcast and cant wait for the travel show. He was the best to ever do it.
Actually, you can ban celebrities from your store even if they dont know you exist. Im banning lil nas x from my house.
Yeah no. Fallon's laugh is so cringe. Only outdone by the fact he is a terrible interviewer. He cant stop himself from always turning a question to or a story from a guest to himself. They all suck since Meyers, Cordon, Fallon, Kimmel. Conan is the last king of late night. Ferguson was also just perfect as well. Trevor Noah also terrible compared to John Stewart.
Jimmy Fallon was the death of late night TV.
Conan would crush Kimmel, Colbert, or Fallon’s ratings on those channels.     I watch his podcast stuff more than any late night tv.
I also started watching Colbert’s Late Show during quarantine and really enjoyed it. He got back into the studio and I don’t think I lasted more than a week.
Craig Ferguson and Geoff was awesome.
Carson or Letterman or……it’s worthless.
I think the biggest problem is that they're simply not funny.
Conan is the King. And I’m podcast form he’s even better.
Love how he opted out Trever Noah taking over daily show in the introduction section to say there is a lack of diversity 😂😂😂
Globalist agenda control of every media has killed everything. TV, News, Sports, Music...you name it.
Im guessing the alzeimhers had kicked in already if he actually enjoyed a Rogan bit 😂
They're all political talk shows now.
trevor noah got me through quarantine with lots of laughs and connected me even more with my mom. we watched his quarantine show together and it made us stop arguing so much. also i heard his book was really good so im looking forward to reading it.
i’d be pissed if i worked at a show and the literal host didn’t know anyone’s name
most people don’t even have cable anymore
So  james corden meh dont go hard on jimmy fallon No thoughts on jimmy kimmel And stephen colbert isnt that great  😂what did i just watch? Was there even an ounce of a negative opinion in this? Why is it dying if everything should get a pass?
Yeah, 1.8 million followers I think your dream is realized
Conan was the best 👌
Jay Leno handed a number one show to Conan O’Brien the show who couldn’t keep the numbers and Jay Leno came back and it became the number one show again. Do you want to know why late night TV died it’s because they got to political and started to act like they are above the rest of us and needed to ram their views down our throats.
Instead of Corbin, Jimmy Carr would be a vastly improved British import for late night
Craig ferguson the most entertaining
Politics. My god. Why would anyone want to voluntary watch a comedy show where politics is at the forefront of the topics. It is so tiring and not entertaining.
Three words: Strike Force Five
I'm a proud jackal—what Seth Meyers has done to embrace his YouTube audience really sets him apart. It's to the point where his Corrections segment is starting to bleed into other parts of his show.  Getting to see the genuine Seth—without his writers, with complete freedom to do whatever he wants—is... It's so refreshing.   He also challenges the nature of parasociality by extending genuine love and appreciation to us.  I dunno, it just feels really good. He doesn't feel like a late night host, he feels like a friend who just happens to do late night TV.
What do you have against Jay Leno?
Oh my favorite late night person is,  Stephen  Colbert.
Why watch late night shows when you can watch a man torture himself by visiting every Rainforest Cafe.
Letterman, really.  Not a Carson fan, but maybe guest(s) he had on might watch-
"One was British." Ummm... Craig Ferguson was British.  I mean his accent was clearly British because Britain includes Scotland.
i watched alot of Carson and Letterman back in the 90s and 2000s, along with Craig Ferguson on the late late in late 2000s and it was always funny!  they made fun of politicians like today (letterman was famous to be rough with Bush) but after Letterman retired and the fiasco that led to Ferguson being let go (kind of the same as conan with leno) i was done.  i tried Fallon but he isn't funny anymore. he was funny on SNL because he fucked his lines up or couldn't hold a laugh so you can really translate that into hosting a show. Colbert sucks, Fallon sucks, Corden was really bad (the late late is now officially dead), Kimmel was never that funny or entertaining.  the late shows used to be actors being funny with the host and you rarely see that nowdays.
Jimmy Kimmel was funny when his comedy had teeth...when he wasnt carrying the banner for woke and telling us to do better like the massive hypocrite he is
Bring back Chevy 😂
Trevor noah is the last person i genuinely enjoyed watching
That tack you didn’t mention corrections in this vid is HIGHLY disappointing. Easily the best part of late night
Who watches tv anymore
writers of the past 15 years of Hollywood blockbusters are mostly all crap, either stealing from anime/manga or going over woke with their personal agendas..
Joe rogan is getting destroyed in court within 20 years.
Imagine tuning in one night to see Craig Ferguson and then finding out he's been replaced by James Corden.
Not dead. Still very much alive and kicking.
I grew up watching Stephen Colbert with my mom and he seems like a genuinely really nice guy.
Poor Pat Weaver. Never could’ve seen this shit coming. His work did make a difference.
I’m eating Ben & Jerry’s The Tonight Dough ice cream while watching this.
Kimmel is great. James Cordon is scum. That Fallon comment didn’t age well. He also couldn’t name crew because they quit so often because he’s also a psycho.
I gave away my TV over a decade ago! lol. Fuck MSM
Notice how he doesn't mention Gutfeld? Democrats always lie.
Craig Ferguson to James cordan that's lowest downgrade
Conan had always been my favorite for all that eddy said, he’s a frequent at my restaurant and he’s always so nice and genuine. Even to people who come up and recognize him he’s never been rude but again they are still people who need privacy regardless he handles it very well.
most people dont have tvs or cable.
I miss Craig.
The one thing I liked about Kimmel was his “feud” with Matt Damon; the moments that stand out are when Damon keeps trying to be “on” the show by sneaking or being carried in by Ben Affleck, and when he was George Clooney’s babysitter, and finally when he outright took over the show. And let’s not forget the moments on awards shows. It was fun. But ever since the Orange Man, I’ve grown sick of all the late night shows.
I think it has a lot to do with people today being able to choose exactly what they want to watch. And as these late night talk shows are composed of many different elements, people rather search for their favorite parts on utube. For example I'm not a big fan of monologues, in fact I'd skip it every time, doesn't matter who's doing it. My favorite juice is interviews with no scripts. This is where Craig Ferguson was pretty much the best 😄 Conan also right there on the top with him. I dont know any other host with their level of wits and social intelligence
At the end of the day, Conan is the only comedian in that role.
Im so glad Carson clips and full episodes exist on the internet
I wonder how many of them went to jeffrey epsteins Island
They DID have a female late show host for a bit!  She was a former YouTuber. She completely effed it up.
Corporations and big government use these guys to spread their propaganda. People have sussed it out and stopped watching. Pretty easy to see.
In the golden years of Johnny Carson, there really weren’t any options if you wanted to watch TV after 10 PM. I am sure if there had been the options now available, Johnny would still have had a good number of loyal viewers, but nowhere near the numbers he had when there wasn’t any competition.
Crying shame, the Colbert is such a leftist hack when he is obviously got a good heart under all of that.
Conan’s the ONLY funny, good one
Cults will be cults
Good
Corden was the worst.   As bad as Carson daly.
Geoff is such a mood. I hear he has a place in Plymoth!
Conan.
Them all turning into DNC propaganda mouthpieces didn’t help either.
never found conan funny
it wasn't until this video that I realized that Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel were two different people
I hope the San Andreas opens up.
Conan is the goat who always stayed true till the end. The others basically have all folded and become very political all the time.
The street thing could easily be entertaining, but just don't go that close to people's cars and definitely don't go on top of them! You can still be courteous about it! 😂
It got taken over by woke host and DEI writers.
8:54 these Corden knitpicks are dumb. I don't really care about your experience AS SOMEONE LIVING IN L.A.  Is there too much show and dance going on for you over there? Too many people shooting entertainment media interfering with your workplace commute?  Maybe you picked the wrong place to live. You can come over here to northern Sweden you won't be bothered by nobody. I'd love to have your L.A. pad.
6:56 I duno.. I bet Letterman didn't know the names of his camera crew.
5:07 Craig Ferguson was Scottish? ..So They replaced the Scottish guy with a British guy :P That's arguably less "diverse" :P
I disagree with quite a few takes. The biggest being Trevor Noah is a fucking vegetable and one of the dumbest people in entertainment.
The thing I liked the least about JF is his symbiosis with that poor drunken buffoon from over the border.
The biggest problem with these shows is something you didn't mention, they became nothing but government propaganda.
When the idiots got so political i quit watching.  They aren't qualified to discuss anything besides Hollywood make believe.
I can’t stand any of these guys except Conan.      I’ve been off of late nite for like 15 years or more.      Jimmy Fallon had always been a hack.    Jimmy Kimmel is a big phony.     Seth Meyers was never funny even a little bit.     …not to mention it’s all become political propaganda…
Craig Ferguson was amazing. He should have been the top candidate to take over the main show. Extremely underrated. The Goat
#why_the_big_mike_and silly mustache???
#stephencolbert rocks
Seth is my favorite. ❤
You’re 26?! Whaaat
I have one question, how do these late night shows still have millions of subscribers and still getting the same amount of views and huge amount of comments and majority from left leaning people??.
Even online, not many people watch those guys. They all got political and unfunny. They just all recycle the same jokes over and over. I miss Conan.
James cordon isn’t a monster, he’s obviously a prick.
It’s sad. Sometimes I wonder how the late shows are still on the air. They all take like 12 week breaks a time all at the same time. All of a sudden it’s like three months later & they’re back for a few weeks. And then they’re gone again. If you don’t want to do the job, find another line of work. Do you think that Johnny Carson took 12 weeks off every other month?
19:40 this man is 26 years old?!?! Nah he’s just that single uncle that judges everyone
Late night has always been PURE garbage. Letterman not funny - just a delusional drunk guy who managed to DUPE people - make them believe they've missed a joke that never was. people watched LENO for his STANDUP.
It's not 10-15 years ago. I don't think 5-6 shows  are needed.  Two shows  is all the public can take. The occasional SNL episode is okay but after Craig left the last unique late night show was gone.
The political shift is what killed late night talk shows.
You nailed it on jimmy Fallon. I like the guy but he had shoes to fill and that was too much for him. I personally appreciated that he stayed out of politics , i just want to watch something to tune out of the real life, don't care if you fake laught or pretend but I just want to relax and have a good time , not talk about dividing topics regardless of how your political views.  Conan is definitely the best for me though. He just seemed himself , natural, genuine and he simply was funny.
My favourite host is Ferguson. Still IS. He retired when I just started watching his show. Then, I just went back and watched his old ones. None of todays hosts can compare. His retirement was very well timed (accidentally or on purpose). Today his show wouldn't be possible.
how does someone as unfunny as corden or trevor noah even get the job. theyll never be as likeable and as funny as jay leno.
No acknowledgement of the objective dip on quality of all the shows? Not only did times change, but the writing got worse, and much lazier. Trump killed late night because all we heard from 2015 on were the same boring jokes about his hands being small and whatnot. They still talk about him to this day.
Late night shows are no longer about entertainment and having fun. Now it's just about pushing the leftist propaganda.
YES, YES, YES YOU JERK. I love late night TV
None of these other hosts could ever come close to Conan on TBS
The late night shows would work if the hosts weren't obsessively woke all the time. They turned comedy shows into one-sided political commentary that was more following a woke narrative than trying to be funny. So yeah, wokeness killed the late night.
Tryna get to work & then James Corden starts singing whilst standing on your car
Bro, we don't turn on the tv, Period. Also I could watch Conan marathons on youtube if only it was available.
Conan is the one and only
You are boring
Along with Ferguson being the most hilarious host and Conan also being an incredible host, i love Colbert. His interview with Nicki Minaj is pure gold.
With Steven Colbert, something I've personally noticed is that he'll make a funny joke, but then like, keep it there too long, like repeating the punchline a couple times, and it just kills it IMO.
Man this is some incredibly heavy handed sleight of hand
No worries. We have Conan
Conan o brien > jimmy fallon, kimmel, obear corden
Maybe it’s a culture thing, but as a European, I liked Fallon when he started (I was 14/15 at the time) but like 3 years later realized that it’s fake and childish af and never watched it again. I literally can’t fathom how an adult can like it 😂
after leno and letterman lettn the late night hosts became democrat puppets
First video I’ve ever seen from you and I’m now a fan. A very well done, thorough and funny video
I agree, Seth is the perfect late night host. He covers important topics yet can be fun and funny, is laid back with guests, has many guests who are scientists or authors or ceoebs who arent entertainers. He is also willing to go with the flow and admitting when something doesnt hit. Hes a great mix of all the others. Trevor Noah was very good as well and Conans shift online was a great move.
Pushing a NFT never was cool, Mr Revera.
Stephen Colbert is conspicuously absent from that collage. He's great - Seth is fine, the others are mediocre, and James Corden now seems to be as unpopular in the States as he's always been on this side of the pond.
sponsor and merch - super boring. Also, walking across a street and pretending you’re excited - not funny at all
Conan O' Brien.  Trevor Noah.  And the legendary David Letterman. That's about it.
Trevor Noah killed late night TV. Along with everyone else who was trying to be funny and failing horribly. Mainly the liberal hosts are what ruined the ratings. Jimmy Kimmel was the last host that was actually enjoyable.
I do quite enjoy Trevor Noah and Stephen Colbert, but the rest haven’t really appealed to me.
26? Wow
Wow. Thanks. Old man in Los Angeles here.
great video, i loved you in the Lobster!
Leaving out the fact that all of them became vitriolic to conservatives (and conservatives alone) is dishonest to the reality of their downfall. They directly shammed (constantly and still to this day) more than 50% of their audience. So that audience stopped watching lol
This guy’s mustache does more than half the work.
Colbert was so much better when he was doing a bit on The Colbert Report. Now he just seems legitimately mad all the time. Like, ANGER can be a great catalyst for comedy. SEETHING rarely is, though.
Jay Leno and James Corden are both the worst.
YO massive respect for representing Conan
I don't respect Steven Colbert anymore. The trump era destroyed his brain.
Used to stay up watching Letterman and Ferguson with my mom when I was little
The reason is because we’re in the age of streaming services and nobody watches tv anymore
Tries to show how Seth myers is funny... Proceeds to showing most nonhumurous clip I've seen. You can tell ole boy lives in cali cause he likes these libtard hosts.
nobody watches late TV.. or TV in general.. except Svenghouli  no really.. that ERA is gone.. back then you watched TV, read a book, or went to bed... those where your choices.. now, my TV is only on while I make coffee in the morning and thats about it..
Carpool Karaoke, Crosswalk Musical, interviewing all of his guests together like Graham Norton does were the good things about Corden’s show.  But every time James did the segment called “Celebrity Noses”, where everything goes wrong and James completely loses his sh!t, that’s when we got to meet the real James.
John Oliver is quite good because he is doing his own type of comedy combined with educating topics
I remember wanting to be a comedian hoping to get featured on snl till i was a established cast member then leave do 2 bad movies and 1 awards show before being getting the late nite call 🕺
Holy cow I thought you were Judd Nelson
Gutfeld currently has the best show, especially since Ferguson left.
the cross walk hahaha
James Corden is the most  annoying person ever
This channel is like the irony of an ironic millennial hipster being an ironic millennial hipster.
Podcasts made late night talk shows redundant.
boring
Seth Meyers is the best one left. I miss Conan
As a 26 year old? Dafuk you look like you are in your mid 40s
Bruh is an almost 30 year old young person
Craig Ferguson was the last best Late Night show imo
I used to like most of these guys until I realized they don’t write most of their jokes and they’re liberal assholes
Trever noah and cordon are both sewage-quality
It died when Leno wouldn’t let Conan take the reigns
Epstein Island
I think a major reason for late light losing ~half their audience was the obsession with bashing trump sincd 2016. Its funny every now and again but not every day. Im 27 and i used to watch jamie oliver all the time but after 2016 i just couldn’t.
Podcasts have outmoded late night- the whole point was to humanize celebrities to pitch content, now you can get that in an even more intimate format with podcasts. There’s no point anymore but to take up air time.
Conan i watched a little but that was it late show was too mainstream and my feelings for mainstream are hateful.
I love Colbert and was a big follower of the colbert report, genuinely one of the funniest shows to ever exist, and i get why he had ti move on but i wish he did it in more of his own style. One thing to note is nobody will ever top john Oliver though becuase of just hownmuch effort he andbhus team puts into that show
All of them suck. Conan was ok but he knew when his time was over. Stephen Colbert was funny before the plague of Wuhan.
YoutubeTV has all these live shows and unlimited DVR. Even so, I only watch Seth anymore. Plenty of good broadcast shows, SNL, Austin City Limits, but unwatchable without DVR to skip the ads. I don't see how anybody can sit through SNL without skipping ads.
I stopped watching late night when Jon Stewart retired, and The Cobert Report got cancelled.
Recent subscriber. Good video. Now be TRYLY honest about these people and I’ll watch more of your videos
They all suck shit now.. except for Kemmel. Others are basically Cancer
It died in my house when i was 7 and my parents cancelled satalite
In the UK, late night TV is still common. This is such an American video.
Celebrities don't even exist anymore. No unique people from random parts of the country, everything's become homogenized everybody's the same watching programs people have similar accents
Until just now, i thought Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon were the same person
Politics is important, but I'm tired of so many late night hosts making it their whole thing. I can research issues for myself, if I watch them it's for entertainment and "ha ha, Trump bad" isn't entertaining.
Jimmy Kimmel is going to jail 0:48
NO JOHN STEWART?!!!!???
Bring back Craig Ferguson!
We view and consume everything through a big tech lens. Next we will vote and consume government services through it. Then, after this transition, voting and government can be simulated.
How are you 26when you have a 55 yr old `stache
eddy playing hopscotch in the ending made me sub instantly 😭
The late late show with Craig Ferguson was the best of the best
Putting the two worst late night hosts in the front of that thumbnail shows how much this guy knows about late night…..
It's just so confusing that Eddy Burback keeps referring to himself as a young person while at the same time looking 45. Great content though.
AtMidnight was awesome! I still watch old episodes.
I honestly don't understand why they haven't adapted to the times better. Sure they adapted a bit to YouTube and tiktok but not to the new model of television: streaming services. Proper ones.  Here in my home country we have state television channels. They still exist and they're for free but they also have a streaming platform. You can watch everything on there. Live TV such as galas, sports, late night shows, and anything else you can imagine. You can also watch movies and TV shows. Sure, it's no Netflix or anything like that but it's a fantastic blend of TV and streaming. My guess is that I'm not the only one who wants to combine the two. How has no large streaming service picked up on this? I'd love to be able to watch late night shows on my streaming services.
Death of late night isn't because of  people not having cable all the prime time shows were always on your CBS or Fox. The death of it was they all turned into the same shows. They all turned to politics first then entertainment last. People want entertainment to get away from politics, not blended into our entertainment. I didn't need a 20-minute video to point it out either.
The last late-night host I cared about was Conan when he was on NBC at 12:30. The last late-night host my internet-averse seventyish mom watched was Ferguson. Now I know nobody who watches late night...just like I know nobody who watches The Daily Show, when everybody watched it when Jon Stewart was the host. Late night is unwatchable now. I guess the hardcore leftwing partisan political stance is a way to pander to an audience, but the Trump jokes are beyond stale and predictable. The hosts are actually unlikable now, because instead of satirizing power, they treat power with kid gloves and only attack approved whipping boys...
How convenient that this video wouldn’t mention Conan, it’s obviosuly because it doesn’t fit his narrative of demonising these people. I’ve never watched a single episode of any late night show, only clips. Nevertheless, I don’t feel the need to hate!
I used to love late night shows... like 15 years ago. I do kind of like Fallon, but the rest of this generation of hosts are kind of douchey.
Craig Ferguson got replaced by James Corden. Let that sink in...
Wow, i havnt watched telly in 15 years. Too many adverts and just cringey culture. Glad I dont have social media either, twitter / facebook / insta has always been just a sesspool of cringe.
Good video, Marc Maron.
I'm 38 and since 21 when I started living on my own, I disconnected any TV cable that was on the house.
Isn’t the problem that nobody watches tv anymore
Ok you watch a lot of cable TV.
These types of shows were already stale and replacing a legendary talk show host with an incredibly low iq predictable choice such as painted on eyes jimmy was just lazy. The demise of these show is similar to the demise of live sock puppet/marionette shows. They'll be remembered as a silly archaic style however this particular example was milked to death by corporate producers.
Trevor Noah and John Oliver are awesome
No one watched Seth. He’s an old Jewish woman.
I don't think Americans are aware of how unsuccessful Cordon was here in the UK.  He was on tv regularly, but rarely could he hold on to a job. Most of the time he would show up as a guest, not a host. He did host a few low budget programmes such as panel shows. Never anything prime time. Nobody knows how he kept landing gigs. Almost every show he presented had their viewing figures decline... And then out of nowhere he popped up on American TV.   I think networks and studios kept hiring him because of how he looks. Uk and US have an obesity epidemic. It helps if the host is sharing the same challenges as the viewer. Subconsciously makes them relatable. I might just be pissing in the wind here. But I doubt we've seen the last of him. He's like herpes; just keeps can't get  rid of him.
During the cordon crosswalk “bit” I would have screamed obscenities so they could never actually use any shots
I’ll never get cable again either 🚮
Conan was King for me.
All they care about is Trump bashing. They are unwatchable
Gotta love that applause sign otherwise that nft shit would’ve been hilariously awkward
did they fire you from cumtown?
If the city is down with it just go home a different way,, I can’t imagine traffic is better anywhere else in anyhow,, btw I don’t really like any of these people you talked about lmao
Craig was really, imo, the last of the best. All the more current people are insufferable
Late night shows are for old people and people who are old inside, that's it
This is the order: Wendy Williams > Craig Fergunson and Conan > Colbert > Fallon > Kimmel > Corden
TV was better when the sheep weren't reminded every 5 minutes to hate trump.
Your merch, the adds, add  pinned mesages and description is unsufferable. Sell out
Most of the hosts are far-Left America haters.
I just hope people in the US don't think corden got the job because he "reached the top of the list of beloved celebrities" here in the UK. Most people think he's an irritating twat.  Its just that now Australia isn't a penal colony the best we can do is ship the most vile, disgusting members of society off to LA. Same thing happened with Piers Morgan.
Conan is goated for me!
John oliver is also fantastic but since his show is so seasonal, i think it gets under the radar
You can take the "Late Night" out of that headline.  Viewership of Broadcast TV is in the toilet compared to 20 years ago.
Leftism
The beginning of the end was when Letterman didn't get The Tonight Show.
I don’t think I’ve seen anyone or heard anyone talk about late night tv since 2007? Seriously. Or I think I saw a commercial when Conan went to TBS? Or some shit? I dunno. But that whacko Corden. WHOA!!! Kind of a loser. I mean… what’s the redeeming quality and value? Blackmail? Rich parents and blackmail. Has to be it. That’s why everyone looks so uncomfortable and unhappy around him.
NFTs are lame af god dam lmao
They're abusers...good bye
If a network (NBC) wanted to try and save the late night talk show genre, or even just breathe some life into it, they should consider giving Ben Marshall, John Higgins and Martin Herlihy of SNL a shot. If those 3 were allowed complete artistic freedom I think you'd get either a spectacular success or a spectacular trainwreck - but at least it would be spectacular either way. They could even call it "Please Don't Destroy Late Night" ... With a perfect name already set up like that it just feels meant to be.
I'm sorry did you seriously condemn Fallon for NOT being political? You realize the reason late night is unwatchable now and has horrible ratings is in large part because it's a giant left wing echo chamber full of hosts that may as well be on MSNBC?  People watch late night to ESCAPE from every day politics, not be lectured about how bad Trump is or why you should get the vaccine.  The best late night hosts...Carson, Leno, Conan, Letterman, Fergusson...they all avoided politics as a main source of jokes(except Letterman at the end, and by then he was unwatchable too for this reason). Today's late night hosts think it's their job to lecture the audience about how to live and why conservatives are evil.
The fact you "enjoyed" trevor noah's utter lack of comedic talent, script reading talent, and charisma is very telling. I TRIED finding someone in real life that thought he was funny, and I couldn't. No one did.
Er sieht bisschen aus wie rumathra bloß mit nem runderen gesicht
"You can pick your ape" only on jimmy Fallon, poor fans of these psychopaths of late night shows.
Late night is Dead and TDS was the cause of death
They’re all woke propagandists constantly trying to push certain narratives down your throat, no surprise people don’t want to watch
Go woke go broke
busy street in america: 1 car passes every minute
I think this conclusion downplays the possibility that maybe they hired bad comedians for this role so people tuned out and it really was that these just weren't the right people for the role.  I mean that's my opinion.  Find better hosts with more interesting writing and I think the format stands to take off again.  But this group of late night hosts are a bunch of childish, overly politicized, divisive, uninteresting people, so it's no surprise that their productions lost so many ratings.  It's not too late to change direction and get better hosts and better content. But if they keep doing this, they are going to keep failing just as they are now
Woof. This idea has been done to death. 1985 called and wants its material back.
Craig was amazing......I miss him.
Funny, cause I have to HARD disagree with who's funny. Meyer's to me is very, very, unfunny. In a it hurts me to watch cringe type of way. I also found Conan to always be really really unfunny as well, and my favorite of all the current shows to watch clips of is Colbert, and by a long shot.
Your "Look how bad James is" are pretty small shit, that no one should be crucified for.
Literally haven't watched TV in years - just clips on YT - usually of Colbert.  Years ago I'd religiously watch Carson, then transitioned to Letterman.  Never cared for Leno much unless he had a guest I wanted to see.
good video. nostalgia biased tho :/
Conan was the boss in every way!
You won 1812, we gave you James Corden and ruined your late night television. We call that a win-win.
26!!!!!!!   you look 40 hehehe
No late night show band will ever top Stephen Colbert's. I tuned in mostly for Jon Batiste and his fluid band Stay Human.
why would anyone support writers that produce woke garbage?
Ever since Johnny left I have never had the heart to continue on watching late night.
Blud. You are 26. You are not young.  Other than that fantastic video. Great job. Not young.
I love how the general consensus is that Conan is the goat of Late Night. He was the only one I genuinely enjoyed watching
It's wild that the late night shows were off the air during the writers strike and I had no idea.  They all became insanely irrelevant.
Let’s be real, no one has watched tv or paid streaming services in over a decade unless they themselves make free to watch, ad revenue based content, based on it. It’s just silly to pay to watch garbage when you can get a very large range of content for free.
Weirdo obsession with race.
Craig Ferguson was the GOAT besides Conan of course, still can't believe that Corden the worst of them all took over his show
I'm 41 years old. Conan was the reason I missed first period most days in high school. In Utah, he came on at 12:05 am after a stupid ass eoisode of Mad About You following Leno. The memories I have of that man and his insane late night show, will last forever. No one will top Conan for me.
the spill your guts segment was always a weird mix of cringe humour and discomfort since i recognize a lot of asian dishes that my family ate semi-regularly that celebs would groan and spit out in disgust upon tasting. while i can laugh at it as an adult, i was very insecure when i was a child, especially around the foreign, "gross" food that my parents sent me to school with. glad its over; cultural food shouldn’t be mocked over (and also corden is just... bad.)
The only you were right about was james corden. Its obvious your a democrat but the rest got tired of shitting on republicans and couldnt talk about anything but politics, and pushing the liberal agenda. Jimmy just seems so fake now, his fake forced overacting laugh at guests jokes is cringe and annoying. How they all, especially your beloved “intelligent” colbert pushing the bullcrap vaccine with that song and dance number. Since then no one watches it. Why have that forced on us when we got joe rogan, among other great comedy podcasts where its purely to entertain or give all sides a platform and let you make your own decision and they dont seem to be controlled  by the hollywood democrat dictatorship.
How incredibly vacuous is Paris Hilton? I saw that episode; the woman’s development arrested at about 12 years old. She’s literally a 30 year old stupid child. Pathetic.
They got political and it died. The end.
17:58 seems like
i hate all these tv hosts, they are all shills and these fuckers are super unfunny
In generel late night tv has been trash for years , like go watch clips from the dick cavette show and you’ll see 2 guys having a normal conversation about the world when you tune into Jimmy Fallon and he’s saying the worst jokes ever and going to panera bread with usher
As someone who has occasionally watched these shows, I definitely do not watch them for celebrity bits. I don't care about some rehearsed interview with a celebrity I maybe vaguely know exists. The news stuff may get tired, but at least it's about actual things of some level of actual relevance.  I also mostly watch, when I do, Colbert. I mostly just don't like the other hosts. Like, Seth Meyers is the epitome of tryharding being funny to me, he also has a creepy vacant stare.
The Conan shenanigans was the end for me. I lost interest and social media & YouTube got my attention.
Late Night died for me when Jay booted Conan and Craig left. The only late show I'm remotely interested in these days is Real Time (Maher). The Daily Show went to shit under Noah. Last Week Tonight started out good but has been going downhill ever since. I didn't even like Stewart in his new role in that Apple show that he did. He lost something. We saw a glimpse of the old Stewart when he was on the late show when he brought up the lab leak theory, and I figured I'd go watch some of his stuff to see if it was any better. Shouldn't have bothered. Stewart is always best when he's thumbing his nose at the establishment, and now that the left has become the establishment? I mean, who thought free speech was right wing?
🎉
As a writer; Fuck the screen writers guild and any other monopolistic organization you have to pay in order to work. Having money and friends shouldn't guarantee you a job and it's disgusting. It is not a union, it is a guild.
Him praising Stephen Colbert and Seth myers makes me sick. They suck, c'mon man
I first heard of him when he took over i actually liked him but he started to rub me wrong so stop watching and to find out recently it wasn't just me and actually everyone hates him because he in fact is a real pos is crazy. The story's are wild i couldn't imagine it was that bad this dude is an actual villain.
Jimmy Kimmel still sucks though for the main reason of kicking off his supposed longtime friend the singer for the mighty mighty bosstones without him even acknowledging what happened, despite being longtime friends with the guy and now completely not talking to him anymore, because of political difference. Such a shame.
I know this is 7 months old but can we all agree all these late night tv host suck? With the exception of Conan O'Brien of course
Craig Ferguson was a G
why would i watch late night when i can watch this mustache of a man
Thank goodness Trevor Noah is gone. He is woke garbage just like the rest of these clowns
14:20 Pedro gets the pass for THAT video. The only pass
There’s just something about Eddy’s videos. It’s like coming home.
The only talk shows in general that are worth it, are Conan's and Norton's.
Cable TV is like corded phones and fax machines. Outdated.
Conan and Oliver are the real ones. They never changed and chased after the zeitgeist that was Trump. Meyers, Noah and most of all Kimmel went to far in the political direction, favoring the left. I know Corden and Fallon’s not political stuff but it’s more fake.
Colbert has been funny 0% of the time since he changed from right-wing parody to just regular lefty
I think political killed late night shows not helped as that's when i stopped watching.
Jimmy Fallon is a good guy Conan O’Brien is the king of late night I miss him and Craig Ferguson and  Trevor Noah is ass
C O N A N
I feel like Colbert is fairly close to his Colbert Report routine during the monologue. He also has really good writers. It's a clear step up from the other shows in my opinion.
People will not watch late night shows, because they became a product of liberal caste of non-humans from hollywood, designed to deliver idiotic "hot takes" that you've heard hundreds of times already.  They are detached from reality.  The fall of Corden is symbolic, because it showed people who is ACTUALLY behind all of that crap.
I don't know if there is any late-night host that I actually find likeable.
I think live TV as a whole is dying with the rise of YouTube and streaming. Twitch game shows, for example, feel a lot more genuine and entertaining than the TV shows they’re based on. I don’t have to worry about producers fucking with the show or things being staged when it’s just some guy and his friends making it. Before, you’d be sacrificing quality for that genuine feeling, but I’ve seen several videos of game shows streams with high quality sets, cool graphics, and good production value in general. They’re only gonna get better too
Carson, Letterman and Conan. I love Conan and his /their podcast. As mentioned, Conan also paid his crew out of his own pocket.
What is this 'TV' thing and why do you keep talking about it?
Besides tds and colbert report, craigyferg was the first late show I watched regularly. Colbert is harr to watch regularly
26 that looks 36
There can be only one
wait james gordon isn’t gay? i’m 5 minutes in and HE HAS A WIFE?? im so confused
Daily reminder that Kimmel called people who want the Epstein clients names to be released “tinfoil conspiracy theorists”
I like watching the whole talk show. The internet  or Youtube doesn't do that.  They do little clips at a time. Some of the best tv was when James was during the covid times. They would talk like normal people, see what kind of perks they could get and get paid for thoughts that came to them. The best to me will always be Craig Ferguson. The late shows are where I get my news from. Also how are you supposed to know what movies, music and tv shows are coming out without the talk shows?
I don’t live in the us so donno the details but all these are on cable tv right? Tv viewership in general has gone down right?
A lot of people have cut cable too
Horrible start dude. Jay had nothing to do with Conans departure from the late night. It was a network and popularity contest Actually having to edit this comment. Judge mental guy needs to fact check and lower standards of human beings
"Wildly" as an adjective gets it's use in this video.
It's kinda wild that Late Night alienated conservatives.  The only people I know that watch network television is old people and/or conservatives.  Look at the Fox News ratings compared to the other news networks.
I stopped watching late night shows altogether back when Leno screwed Conan and his crew. I still enjoy Leno's car show, but man.
We definitely weren't to hard on Fallon, he's an alcoholic that thinks he's really funny. We gave him exactly what he deserves.
Wait james isnt gay?
I thought your channel name was Eddy Bareback.
Craig?!?
Conan’s show really comforted me in high school in an abusive household. I appreciate the laughs 🧡🧡🧡🧡
Love the fake claps for NFTs lol
bc they're all WOKE AF, became political and betrayed populations during covid treacherously...
I love John Oliver’s format and that they’re all free on YouTube, it just really works even in the internet age
Jay Leno is definitely the reason Late Night died. If he had just faded into obscurity with all his money it would have lived on. Instead he was greedy and vain and contributed to the turmoil that ultimately ended with people not caring about late night anymore.
I rewatched this and goddamn man of course stupid fucking James Corden started his reign of terror on my birthday I knew that day was cursed
Colbert was so good on his Colbert Report…then he went total duche….
im half way through pls respect the goat conan 🙏edit: no conan :(
I do with that the late shows were less political and more fun.
Sad when the guy from first we feast is a better interviewer than most these guys
I was to young to watch craig ferguson, he is so funny I miss him
Jimmy Kimmel knew he was an asshole.
I forgot these shows even existed
Haven't had a tv in 6 years or so.  When I did, I watched Letterman, Ferguson, Last week tonight.  After Letterman and Ferguson were gone I was kind of done with it.
Drew Gooden brought me here. However, you lost me as soon as you said that James Corden was America's favorite late night host. I will never watch another one of your videos.
I only watch the late night shows on YouTube at like 2 am. And spectrum, you will never get ME AGAIN
The most replayed section of this video speaks volumes
I had no idea Patriot Act was cancelled, I guess that's why I haven't seen it for so long. Huh. That's really sad. I also think that Stephen was by far the best in the first year or so of his show, but then it just went downhill fast, with the expected obsession with Trump and never letting that go.
Yeah late night declined because of the decline in celebrity interest and DEFINITELY not from the weird vaccine cult stuff and the several consecutive years of “Trump this trump that” you’re so LA brained you can’t even think beyond your weird LA influencer bubble
Conan was the only legit late night... all others were trash! Special mention kimmel fallon and colbert
Conan is King.
'm sorry, but Jimmy did not make The Tonight Show THE show... it has ALWAYS been THAT SHOW.
8 months later...it's still on. This aged like crap. Yikes.
Jimmy Whoever faking his laughter over some topic he doesn't give a damn about makes himself and me feel depressed.
The only late night show I watch: Last week tonight with John Oliver.
Conan is clearly the best! I'm glad he is doing well outside of the late night show prison.
Seth Meyers knows His camera men and Crew. He even makes a Special exclusive for His stuff. "Corrections". I ❤ Seth Meyers.
Colbert is a pawn for left wing misinformation.
This one was kinda trash.
I dont even have cabel.
Late night shows stopped being worth watching once Craig Ferguson and Conan went off the air. Letterman was alright but interrupted his guests too much. Not as much as Fallon does though. Podcasts are the new late night shows.
What death wtf you talking about? 😂
Well to be honest I haven't watched cable TV in many years. Everything I watch is online, including late night shows
I hate that late night tv has gotten so political, I think that is partially why it's gone downhill as well. Our culture in America especially is so bogged down by everyone's political opinion, it's polarizing and someone will ALWAYS be angry.
A lot of the time in this video you sound just like Jimmy Kimmel 😅
Eh, I stoped watching Trevor noah daily - I was always watching it on YT - cause he was incredibly fcking racist and I got totally angry that such a piece of sh.t can air such a racist opinions on Tv in USA. THen quite fast actually YT stoped recomending me videos even from all late nights, until I totally stoped watching all of them ...
Sadly just 10 minutes of Corden hate.
all pathetic Project Mockingbird shills of an ever increasingly author-acratic  system of mind control and political manipulation.
Seth's my worst, actually 😊.....my choice in order of preference...Trevor #1, Colbert#2, Jimmy kimel#3...all thr others 0..  Why didn't you mention Trevor?😢
I'd be pro writers if they didn't keep shoving politically messaging into every piece they write. Writing of film and movies has become so bad that they dont deserve shit. AI cant take their jobs soon enough.
I’m so glad you voiced how different Stephen Colbert was at home during his Covid shows compared to in the studio. I’m glad to hear that like me, a lot of people stopped watching after the quarantine ended.
No don't watch anymore. The current crop should watch, Dave Letterman, Conan O'Brien, Johnny Carson, Craig Ferguson etc. Watch and learn.
God I miss Craig Ferguson so much
Seth is the only one worth watching. His YouTube is part of my morning routine and just about the only news I can still bear to watch!
The Death of Late Night TV, says the guy watching on YouTube.  I couldn't tell you the last time I watched a late night show on TV.  I watch all the monologues the next day on YouTube.  If there's a guest I have an interest in seeing, those interview segments can be viewed separately as well.
"spill your guts/fill your guts' is just truth or dare but based on fear factor   I hate Jimmy.... I hate ppl that laugh at their own jokes before they tell it.. especially if they're a 'professional'. Like how does he have a career when he can't tell jokes without laughing
Conan was really my only favorite host. I can usually tell who’s genuine or not, and he is one of those people who are obviously very nice. His jokes and retorts were actually funny, and he actually listened to the people he was hosting. Overall a very entertaining man.
Wow, no mention of Greg Gutfeld who is the NEW highest rated late night show? With all the boring less and less interesting late night shows it's a disservice to NOT include Greg's show
The moment Colbert went out of character he became a total bore to me. Everything is political with him . When Letterman Leno and Conan were there political biases were taboo.  I enjoy a good laugh before i go to bed. All of the network late night has become unwatchable.
imagine actually watching late night television ever
He's 26?!? Dude, do something you look over 40!
Colbert compassionate? What a joke
They all do the Alt-Left comedy
A few years back, I realised that I thought that Fallon had not enough politics, but leant Kimmel too much on politics. That was the trigger for my ‘it’s not me, it’s late night’ break up.
Please remove Conan from your thumbnail immediately!
Conan seriously needs to see all the love and support for him in this comment section. I know he hates reading reviews and stuff but this is so sweet
Wish you gave Trevor Noah his own segment, but this video isn't about the best late night shows. So I aint mad at ya
Vax Scene was cringe , they all suck!
Craig Ferguson was such a breath of wild & weird fresh air. Miss him so much. I imagine why this video ended up in my feed is because I have been watching a ton of old Johnny Carson and Dave Letterman re-runs here on YouTube because the I have no interests in the horrible people they have for guests on most of the shows these days. Trying to like Conan, but he just doesn't deliver his jokes well IMHO.
Out of all the guys in your thumbnail, Conan is the only one who's genuinely funny.....or just genuine
An aspect of spill your guts or fill your guts that I don't like is that all the "gross" foods are like culturally significant to places everywhere over the world, and just being like "ewww its an old egg" feels kinda icky to me
It is honestly shocking to me that Leno had any fans left AT ALL after what he did to Conan. I'm so glad that Conan gained such a following and had such a successful show, he's genuinely the only late night host that I find enjoyable.
James Corden is such an anomaly, he wasn't even that big of a celebrity here in the UK. He was known for basically just Gavin and Stacy, generally nobody thinks of him really as a "popular celebrity" or anything, more just "that bloke who might have been in Doctor Who for a bit"
Stephen Colbert, James Corden, Trevor Noah, and Jimmy Kimmel are the worst talk show hosts that ik of (and John Oliver. Forgot about him til the last segment of the vid). Conan was imo the best talk show host on camera and off camera
Literally everything is dying including hip hop
Conan was never funny to me. Never laughed once with him, but my brother loved him.  Yet I find Seth quite funny. Different strokes for different folks.
pedro <3
Ill always respect Kimmel for getting political and actually having a backbone.
You look great, Eddy. Missed your content.
the goal of entertainment is not to entertain anymore, the internet proved we are all pigs and consume whatever is in front of us.  new goal is to just not get gays mad at you.  Don't worry, it will blow over.
so...uh...Samantha and Trevor, much?
Yeah fuck this entire video. It is what it is and this is just your opinion. Just like this comment is mine
Interesting that you didn’t mention how all these clowns were pushing experimental medicine that is now killing people during the pandemic and demonizing anyone who had legitimate reason to not take it.
Late Night TV is too late. I want to sleep. And if I dont I want to choose.  - I loved James Corden.  I really dislike Craig whatshisname and turn him off. Stephen Colbert used to be really smart but now the network has dumbed him down because... they can and they see that means "rating" and one TV is as good as any other.  And his job is to sell the newest media product. So sometimes I watch because on YouTube, I can when I want to.
Nobody wants to acknowledge that as good as these hosts can be, all the newer age guys built their formulas around one mans genius....and that man is John Stewart!
Craig Ferguson handing the keys to Corden is such a step down
I quit watching late night tv when conan and craig ferguson quit
I hate how everyone that was supposed to be a comedian pushed a political agenda back in 2016, almost everyone before then didn't care who was in office or what side of the political spectrum they were on everyone was subject to criticism and jokes but when Trump got into office everyone just became one sided and anti Trump which honestly just ruined it for me. I don't care whos in office but the one sided push as someone who's neutral in politics just rubbed me the wrong way
05:30 "kritin"? Really?
If you are a fan of Jimmy Fallon and James Corden, and you think that they are funny, you not be allowed to talk on this topic. Also,you should be banned from watching TV.. for life!  EDIT: Also.. Whoever tought,that is good idea, to replace Ferguson with that unfunny blob, should be punished and trown into jail for a very very long time! The biggest crime in late night  talk shows history.. EVER!
Personally I liked that Fallon wasnt making orange man jokes 24/7. It set him apart a bit from the rest.
i love colbert
Oof watching this now with the news that Jimmy was abusive with his crew
I loved late night tv until it became insufferable woke bs that's not even remotely funny
Especially with Trevor Noah and the Fallon games gone, Colbert is my favorite.  His monologues, Meanwhiles, and interviews are always engaging.  He seems well-read with ideas well thought out, and comes across as a real human instead of a joke machine that will try anything for a laugh, avoiding the stupid that Kimmel loves to embrace.  I miss Corden, though.  I always felt a part of the excitement they were always creating.
Jimmy Kimmel helped take down two of the worst people as hosts: Jay Leno and James Corden...and he did to their faces, on their own shows. Jimmy asking Corden to name two of his cameramen (and Corden failing woefully), and in the middle of the Leno-usurping-Conan saga, going on to Leno's show and answering a question about the worst prank he ever pulled by saying "it was when you retired and then took a show back from the person you retired to".   Fallon's claim that he doesn't get political is ironic considering he was instrumental helping get Pres. Obama's successor elected in 2016. (Fallon is also infamously bad to his staff and crew.) The only good thing he ever did was hiring The Roots...
Colbert for the win!!
Boo, oh no he got mad about a life-threatening meal and didn't know names when put on the spot. This is petty and ignores all the good he did
Seth Meyers is so not funny. And my least favorite.
They went down hill for half the country for a reason. Jimmy Fallon just sucked even if he was neutral.
A aid ething that happens on the internet…hmmmm
The writer strike was the best thing that could ever happen what are you talking about. One of the reasons those execs dont want to pay those writers more is simple. Have you seen the state of entertainment today  compared to not even 10 years ago ? It is completely coopted by political views, inclusivity down people's throats and representation. Where men can't be men anymore and women must emasculate men at every chance they get and diminish them. Just take the disaster that is she hulk. Written by people who want all men to end themselves.  Late night comedy was so cringe along with SNL that if you made try not to cringe challenges with clips of those shows you'd have an epidemic of people passing to the other life because of cringe. In my 41 years of watching things I have never seen the industry so low and uninteresting. They even injected that BS in Avengers Endgame with the all female sequence cause of course women will do the job men can't. Or look at the disaster that was The Marvels. Would you give raises to the people who wrote those ? I wouldnt.
The answer of if people still watch those can be answered with another. Do people still watch TV ? Like at all ?
Craig Ferguson. Please come back. You were the greatest.
6:41 Jimmy Kimmel is an absolute g
“I wouldn’t give my troubles to a monkey on a rock” -D.Letterman 1992
Johnny Carson, though probably a terrible husband, was a class act. All these liberal tools with their thinly veiled propaganda should go back and study him.
On behalf of the British we are insanely sorry to all Americans that you had to deal with James Corden for more than 10 seconds
craig ferguson was the absolute best and i am so horrified he didnt make ur thumbnail lol
You know; Conan's genius was paramount to the faliures of his contemporary and succeding talents. His team used the celebrity skit part and the inner workings segments so wellthat after he was done no one was good enough. Someone will probably pick it up again... But its hard to beat team coco's best
To me, Kimmel will always be that guy who made fun of Let’sPlay watchers in 2015. I’m not a gamer or even watching gaming content, but even I was struck by how tone-deaf and out-of-touch Kimmel was for that segment. He alienated 90% of teen boys on the internet. And all that really highlights the gap between old and new media.
I dislike Meyers because he lived in the Netherlands for years and learned nothing about the country. But he pretends that he did. Every time he says something about the culture it's objectively wrong. Especially his take on Dutch comedy.  You went to live in and other country and learned nothing.
Also worth noting that we all WORK more than the Boomers did, who made these shows hits in the first place. No WAY I’m staying up late to watch any of these when I get up for work at 4-5 am every day.
Love the way you don't mention that every late night show has avoided mocking any democrat while exclusively ripping Trump and other republicans.
No one watches since they all gone woke😂
You’re 26 😮 bro looks 40.
Conan will always be #1 in my book. I even have a cat named Conan. It was a placeholder name as a kitten(we didnt plan on keeping her) due to the huge orange spot she has(and still does) on her head.
mark marron
Who sings the beautiful song at the end?
Hey this guy is right on the money I have always enjoyed getting stoned and watching old elvis movies ... Good work bro you should do one on that old movie empire records
Eddy is one of those guys that would hire only based on skin colour and not skills.
There was only one guy from the thumbnail that was any good
Trevor Noah is quite possibly the least funny human I’ve ever seen. His show was so unbelievably mediocre. And honestly I didn’t, and still don’t know who Seth Meyers’s is. How people watch any of this garbage is beyond me
I actually love Colbert but I was too young to experience the Colbert Report so I had nothing to compare the Late Show with. I love his political commentary/monologues especially. And I do agree that he is a smart and very genuine person
11:08 "Corden always seemed like diet Jimmy Fallon" ... Very poor choice of words
The only thing thats changed is how you consume this garbage.
Craig Ferguson......was also British.
Thanks for the video slightly sad/grumpy looking Julien Solomita.
Conan O'Brien was definitely the last time I cared about late night. Him losing the Tonight Show felt like a whole generation getting robbed.
So, let's be clear about something: your title forwards a hypothesis, that you never actually address, other than the supposition that "people aren't watching." You don't cite any sources, other than your personal opinions about the specific hosts. YOU don't like late night shows. Cool. You skate pretty fast past watching these shows in real time. With the popular use of streaming and DVRs, I wouldn't think a lot of TV was watched in real time anymore. So yes, some people watch them, or they wouldn't be there any more. Are ratings down? Probably. Are all TV ratings down aside from sports? Yes.
Where’s Ellen?
Anyone that respects Colbert after that embarrassment of a vaccine dance number needs to get their head checked
Colbert is boomer humor. Kinda boring and closed minded at certain times imo
No one outside the US knows what your talking about, sorry
Can't happen soon enough
Conan is the only real one
Dude! have you herd of Greg Gutfeld??? He is a new king of late night.
So you don't like LNTV, so I'll tell everyone. Grow up!
18:50
They're not fun anymore because they push so hard on politics and they lie in our faces about Trump that we all lose our interest in them and so they deserve to not have a show anymore.
conan will always be the king
It died when Trump lost. Those phonies lost their cash cow.   Craig Ferguson was the best to ever do it but he left a long time ago
Graham Norton feels better. Hasan Minhaj and John Oliver for comedy.
I loved the JAY leno show.
Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor
The only late night show I've watched consistently is Johnny Carson and it was entirely fascinating to me to see so many celebrities as they were before their names today or learn about people I'd never heard about and their histories and their roles and movies and talents. So I'm not sure it really counts but this was an interesting way to learn about what the current situation with Late Night Television hosts are like.  In a way I feel like TV killed TV more than the internet did, because while internet became more and more accessible like you mentioned, the monopolization of TV into companies like Comcast has just made it entirely inaccessible for a large portion of the current generation for rightfully not wanting to spend so much money on shitty service you don't even have time for. Netflix itself evolved from DVD renting to the biggest streaming platform in the world, and traditional television just... didn't. So of course we don't watch it. It if was streamed somewhere online (the live channels, not individual shows) I think the culture could have survived the same way it does in a lot of other countries, but they just gave up and raised prices on their existing customers. But that's an entirely different tangent lol.  Great stuff, gonna keep loving your content and jokes.
I have never been a fan of late night TV, I’ve watched Conan a few times, but nowadays every late night host besides him, sucks ass
Only Conan!
most of us who don't live in the US watch them on youtube already though
I haven’t regularly watched a late night show since Craig Ferguson signed off in 2014. It’s a wasteland.
In general the late night tv is excruciating.
Yikes 😬
Seth Meyers is awesome
The shows' formats are just tired and the constant politics are exhausting.
Gutfield-gets the most views -no mention? Scared of the mob -lol
Honestly i feel like im regressing. Even before the pandemic all I have is my antenna which the only good channels I get are Fox and PBS. News, cooking shows, and documentaries. Really all I need and I spend COPIOUS amounts of time on YOUTUBE!!!! it's my entertainment. Times have changed.
Naming the crosswalk after himself is so selfish. Now tourists are going to find it and cross just to do it, holding up traffic and causing more irritation to people
I started watching Conan O'Brien from minute one. I just barely hit an age and a circumstance where I can stay up and watch late night shows and it was right around when Johnny Carson retired then I started watching so I guess I've also seen Jay Leno's Tonight Show from the beginning also. But I absolutely loved Conan O'Brien and had no idea that for the first few years they are on such a slippery slope with the network but I was happy that after that it became one of the most popular shows on TV. It makes me happy he has a different thing going on and he's not trying to keep a dying industry going. Seth Meyers is probably my favorite that's on right now. Jimmy Kimmel and Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Fallon I only watch when a clip comes along that kind of catches my eye but
Nothing of value was lost
Late night with Conan O’Brien was my favorite show. My brother and I watched it every night. I miss Conan.
They’ve all lost me when they lost it over the 2016 election. They’re bias is the biggest reason I’ve stopped watching. I’m don’t care if you make fun of them but it’s not funny when it’s just one sided and there’s no new jokes.
The “political change” in late night is what ruined it. Biased, Low hanging fruit.
Glad I’m not the only one who doesn’t watch late light anymore. It’s sad to be reminded of what it once was. Edgy, relevant and equal opportunity offensive.
Dunno if John Oliver is a late night weekly show....but yeah they stopped calling themselves like that some months ago.
Fallon is as bad as Corden
I feel like I’m in a rut with the Tonight Show hosts. I grew up on Jay Leno. Headlines was, and still is, one of my favorite late night bits. But I also love Conan, Jimmy and of course, Johnny. Every time I watch old clips from Jay I feel like I’m sinning in some way but I can’t deny he is my favorite late night host. Maybe it’s nostalgia. Who knows.
My favourite is conon
Love the video🌸♥, but I do think its needs an update with the recent Fallon revelations. I am new here so not sure if its been done,🎈
As a young teenager in the mid 90 unfortunately we got served with US crazy stuff, and as a 40 year old I didn't watch any TV for over 22 years, and I hate TV and despite occasionally getting Kimmle or others on YT it simply makes me annoyed with the US bullshit attitude and propaganda including manufacturing consent to anything from conspiracies to wars, you all need to stop it and become buddhist or something
I strongly dislike colbert. In every way
James Corden legit is a rat that gave the plague to the late night host gig and now he's jumping ship to slimy hollywood cameos leaving everyone that made him to die
A comment to myself incase I accidentally stumble across this video again and not realize i tried already watching it. DON"T WATCH THIS THIS IS SHIT
9:40  inspirational
The only tolerable host on any of these god awful shows was Conan (and maybe John Oliver - if he counts)
"Diet" jimmy fallen 💀
We are in the late night of Late Night Shows. By the way, I'm certain I speak for most of my countrymen when I say that you Americans are perfectly welcome to keep James Corden, we don't want him back.
40 haven’t had cable since I was 26.   Cord cutting isn’t a new phenomenon this guy think that it is.
I clicked to see who has this glorious Stache  I expect no Celebrity to know the Name of their Underlings, who they probably don't even consider as equal People.  20:05 Imagine living in Fascist Germany where the Government forces you to pay for your Government Cable Package, if you watch it or not.
I definitely don't believe that any of them know their crew. It's all staged to make them look good. They learned names right before the bit.
Replqcing the old hosts with these ones just feels like when the old Top Gear hosts were fired and replaced with these new ones...it just wasn't the same any more. The only one who did a decent job was Connan but that's about it...
Stand on the hood of my car, MF.  It's easy to get you off and you won't be standing again any time soon. What a dick.
Oh man after working that long with same person and couldn't even name them is beyond me.
I was a fan of Kimmel and Myers but once Trump got elected it became just non stop Trump crap. At first it was hilarious but then it quickly became a "What's Trump doing today?" show. Myers is basically the definition of a left wing echo chamber. And I say this as someone who is left wing. Whilst Trump was in office is wasn't a big deal but even after he lost it was just Trump this, Jan 6th that. No one cares about that stuff. They need to move on. Kimmel even joked about it in his return after the writers strike and for a second I had hope he had some self awareness and was finally going to talk about something else. Nope. You think if they actually disliked Trump they'd stop talking about him every night.
Solidarity, brother.
I hate now. Grew up defying my devil mother just to watch Conan and jay leno
You are 26? You look 36…
I don’t forgive Pedro…he called half the country Nazis….and it was the wrong half…
I hope all these shows get cancelled cuz they all suck and they are all the same. By same I’m not talking about race and gender, I don’t agree with putting people in groups based on that. I find it hateful and divisive. By same I mean actually the same. Same ideas, same jokes, same comedy, same politics. Same.
We need Craigy Ferg, JP, and Secretariat back on the air asap.
Conan is the best
variety shows died. late night will too.
TV ratings no longer have any meaning
Two words  Craig. Ferguson.   He’s the best.
Cordon Doo Doo.
No one buys cable anymore. It cost $200 a month for just advertising. 15 minutes of a show 15 minutes of ads.
Now SNL is streaming live on Peacock. You couldn’t watch it online before, I think it started recently this year.
omfg, that cross-walk gag. He's lucky he didn't provoke mass violence. Can you imagine being in that line of traffic, seeing those jackasses prance around, clear, and then caught for a second time? WOW
Jimmy Fallon is the worst of the bunch...yuck!
#FREEPALESTINE
5:59 oh no no no you didn't, James did that to himself years ago, just look up the James Cordon and Justin Bieber incident and decide for yourself.
Eddy has cuck vibes all over. My god.
Late night is liberal pandering. These guys sold their souls to the devil and nobody likes them now.
The bored ape thing is crazy 😂
Whenever I hear the name Jimmy Kimmel, I cannot help but think of EmpLemon. The man's video on Kimmel is a Picasso level masterpiece.
is 10:32 sarcasm
There was only ever one good late night talk show. Conan we miss you ;(
25:45 yes and no. Many people dislike the writers’ writing and actors’ unrequested personal opinions more than the jewish people at the top of the entertainment industry. The workers make more than many would give them, so for them to be demanding more while not even being welcome to sleep on the expansive floors of their peers’ mega-mansions rubs many wrong.
James Corden has always given me what feels like an irrational rage, but I feel like it’s a collection of things I can’t put my finger on. Annoying showboat, fat, not that good a singer, and sooo full of himself in a way that feels disingenuous. It feels like he’s he doesn’t want to be the joke, so he makes you the joke for watching him. Not that I’ve consumed much of his content, but I’ve never heard anything coke out of his mouth that was even remotely funny. Sad, sad tears of an unfunny clown.
Seth Meyer is the WORST OF THEM ALL he has the worst fake laugh and just so akward and silent at times doesn’t know how to make a convo flow I’m shocked execs say EXTEND CONTRACT
I can’t think of one funny thing Seth Meyers, Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Fallon, and James Corden have ever said on Late Night TV.
You can’t convince me that Seth Meyers doesn’t make me laugh and feel better consistently. That’s all he’s there for. That’s all that counts.
Late night TV and fun in America died in 2016.
TV is dying because of entitled privileged Gen Z'ers like you who would rather make a lengthy videos trashing said programming than actually take the time to watch it.
I hate Trevor so much,as someone from South Africa he used to be so funny but then he became Americanized and instead of joking about our country he'd just make fun of it or just straight up be rude about it.He turned from a household comedian here that we could be proud of to someone who kinda forced his country to forget sbd resent him
Seth is so damn good.
The only late night host that will be missed is conan as well as the ones who have already been retired for decades
I'm not in the US now and never had any experience of watching these shows on TV but I'm confused since no one is mentioning Jon Stewart. Is his show not the Late Night content? Is this missing the whole point?
Conan is the goat
Joseeeeee la bestia 😊
Bro naming something after Corden... Must be really out of talented people or at least ANY people to name it after
WGA, SAG, and the rest are a mafia.  I supported them until they started calling poor people who need a paycheck scabs.  Thinking that you get to demand others do what you want under threat of blacklisting is criminal.  Its called extortion.  I support ANYONE going against the strike.  With the quality we have been getting out of the writing in hollywood... these writers should not be on strike... they should be fired, and replaced with people who don't lose billions of dollars pushing an agenda OVER entertainment.
Corden is vile.
You are worse than late night tv
What are you even talking about? Colbert (whose show is all that matter in late night) and his team are on fire. How are you even qualified to make this video?
Very well put together video.  At the very end I was kinda hoping you'd leave the flowers on Carson's grave but the Corden gag WAS funny lol.
You unironically look exactly like Brian Quinn from Impractical Jokers.
I think the biggest contributor is the writing. The shows just aren't funny. I would watch David Letterman even if I had no idea who the guests were because he was always funny.  A lot of that is political jokes. Political jokes are the new 'f' word jokes which are the new 'racist' joke. (Follow me) Long time ago, 50's and 60's, if a comedian was bombing, they'd throw out a racial joke to try and win the crowd back...but sometimes they'd go overboard. When people stopped laughing at those jokes in 70's and 80's, then it was the "shock" of using the 'f' word in a joke. They started out being clever uses...then just, unwarranted, then hacks would litter their entire set with them to win a crowd. That doesn't work anymore so now comedians just do a bunch of "I hate Trump" "Trump is dumb" and "Trump is bad"...and that's fine if you sprinkle in a joke here and there to win a crowd, but I watched a monologue of Colbert and it was literally nothing but Trump jokes, they weren't even funny they were just sentences to try and win a crowd over. Now every comedian does that. It's why Greg Gutfeld has the highest rated "talk show" now...because he is clever and it's not just wall-to-wall Trump hate. It's wall-to-wall democrat hate, but at least that's different than the other shows.
Wait cordon isn’t gay?
The only time i watch tv anymore is at the Dentist.
Craig Ferguson was the greatest talk show host of all time. Period. His "ehh, f*ck it, I have nothing better to do" style was PERFECT for the genre, and when the guest "got it" it was some of the funniest late nite TV ever filmed. Conan is a close 2nd.
For a very long time I thought Kimmel and Fallon were the same person
Missing Craig Ferguson the GOAT.
The idea that you think we needed more politics in our late night is ridiculous
"I think I speak for most younger viewers when I say...." - really?  arrogant much?
Forgot James Corden even had a show; driving and singing segments clever, that's it. Seth Meyers has best writers. Jokes are the most thought out. But he is not interesting. Stephen Colbert the most adult. Jimmy Kimmel is frat humor- lowbrow. And Jimmy Fallon is very talented but panders to and patronizes marginal individuals, and show, games, jokes are geared for juvenile mentality.
Died after Trevor Noah left
Really interesting, honest, accurate, and entertaining analysis on the Late Night offerings.   Life = EVERYTHING changes, EVERY day.   Had not seen the Corden clip where he couldn't name crew.  Awful, says a lot.
18:10 anyone else find it ironic to hear Colbert talking about his ability to empathize while his whole show is essentially shitting on half the country?  You can hate Donald Trump, but the country would be better off if people understood why they are drawn to him instead of just writing them off as dumb racists.
Stephen Colbert seems like a genuinely great person. Not my cup of tea and never has been but still needs to be said
How could you not mentioned kimmel’s hilarious fake feud with Matt Damon, say what you will about the tonight show, but every time Kimmel and Damon interact it’s fucking comedy gold 😂😊
Conan was in lego batman 3 nuff said
I think Jimmy Kimmel is a gigantic tool who inserts his political opinions into everything whole also forgetting he did blackface twice in the 90s. Dudes a hypocrite
They all started to be the same. That strange TV preachers style that was boring 💤.
Wait. You’re 26? You look 45
Craig Ferguson also was a good one
Audiences wanted to see more politics infused in late night TV?? No wonder they all suck then. Fallon is literally the only one I can stomach to watch and that's not every episode. If I wanted political therapy I'd watch the news of whatever subsect I desired at that moment.
Everyone on TV is a liberal with a mental disorder. Obviously no one watches
Late Night died when Colbert ended The Colbert Report and when Coco was pushed out of the air.
Only chat show I like to watch is Graham Norton. He doesn't force his political opinions on you like the others mentioned and doesn't have a ego
Where is Lillith?
Yeah nah, Carson was also a prick and these people are all just awful and unfunny. Nothing of value lost.
Simple fact is the countless competition in entertainment.
I'm not from the states so my access to late night was restricted to YouTube. Conan was the only one whose channel I subscribed to.
Late night tv is dead cause it full of woke beta males. No one cares about these shows
You are very interesting to listen to and watch. Hot and smart ❤❤❤
I blame the death of late night TV on Donald Trump. In 2016, every single host's monologue became a "what dumb thing has Trump done today" for 4 solid years. I just got sick of watching that. In the last couple years I've returned to watching, but I really miss Craig Ferguson. He was by far my favorite late night host after Letterman.
Plus the recent news about how toxic Jimmy Fallon show’s working culture is
I've stopped watching tv 10 years ago
Seth myers sucks, jimmy fallon sucks, stephen colbert sucks, james corden sucks, jimmy kimmel sucks now, the guests are boring, why would iwatch? We need somebody that doesnt pander to pop culture.
Egg yolk omelet
Seth Myers and Jimmy Kimmel are tiring to watch because they only know how to make Trump jokes, but never any Biden jokes who has become a comedy goldmine.
interesting lines in here, lists multiple reasons why all these worthless completely unfunny hacks are sucking... goes on to say he liked watching them... niiiiice.... finishes it up to say we should support the talentless hacks writing their shit scripts too.... niiiiccceee
the first time i was hit with the reality that the talented, loveable goof might not be so loveable after all was during the vogue interview at the met gala where he was visibly rude to liza koshy (as interviewer) and seemed like he wanted to be AWAY and this interview is not worth his time. i was dumbfounded to say the least.  and mind u other celebs (also more influential) that were interviewed before him were very present and very nice to the interviewer, complimenting on their clothes and such. very positive.
Late night sucks because it's just not informative anymore. You watch some shows from a long time ago and you get so much information. Even decades later you can learn so much watching old shows. Today, it's just all about selling products, kissing celebrities asses and cheap laughs.
Screw everyone. Just watch old Conan videos.  Weird but hilarious every time.
Nah meyers, Noah (when he was still hosting), conan (when he was still hosting) and Colbert are great some of them are or might become legends
Been on a Letterman kick as of late, so you’ve got me
You're right but for the wrong reasons. Seeing as this is the exact same kind of channel as all of the other breadtube-lite youtubers, I'll just leave it at that
Craig ferguson is also british, he was born in Glasgow. So it's just as diverse
Colbert is pretty good. But, I was a dedicated Ferguson viewer.
I love how the camera man zoomed out so far when James Corden couldn’t answer the question.
James Gordon was late night? I always thought he was daytime tv
He was abusive to the Staff
Trevor Noah is unfunny. Nothing more, nothing less.
Eddy refers to himself as a 'young person' quite often. Is he being satirical?
Craig Ferguson was peak late night for me.
I love this video. Its difficult to articulate why but all others except Conan are boring as hell. Conan is the GOAT.
Good riddance James Corden if James Corden knew that Patrick Brawlhalla Byrne hates him he would be rolling in his sleep.
What a creep
Corden, Fallon, Kimmel, and Noah are prime examples of the unfunniest late night comedians in TV history.
Craig and Conan are the best.
Bruh you liking Trevor Noah invalidates the entire video
real reason late night died is because they got too political.  almost like they were getting orders from top. comedians with a hidden bitterness aren't fun. I'm no fan of trump.. but i stopped watching colbert from 2017 onwards.. & before that he was my favorite.   i think Jimmy fallon wanted to avoid politics.. but was pressured behind the scenes
You young people.......If you criticize something but dont offer a solution then don't say (make a vid) anything.
I don’t have cable lol
Quarantine is when sick people stay inside. When healthy people are forced inside its called tyranny. Get it right mate
Dude.  I don't have a cable package either  and I am 62.  I have not had a land line in over 30 years.  And you look like you are in your mid to late 30's.  Just saying.
The Adam Friedland show is the future of late night
glad i dont have time to watch this shit. ALL too boring and don't stack up to Letterman/Conan/Carson. Facts.
Why are 90% of them named some variation of james
The length celebs go to to get attention is amazing.
For me late night in the US died after Conan went off the air.  I can't stand any of these shows or their hosts.  The best talk show for me now is Graham Norton.
The real reason late night is dead is because no one really likes celebrities anymore, and that's what late night is all about! Interviews with self-absorbed, narcissistic overly political, overpaid vapid people who are completely out of touch with reality. No one wants to stay up late and watch these people talk about themselves.
I miss Craig Fergusson’s show every day it was peak for me. After he left i pretty much stopped watching all late shows.  Geoff Peterson will always be the best co-host! Careful icarus..😌
John Oliver, Stephen Colbert and Seth Mayers make my any morning much lighter and more interesting
.....you're 26?
James Corden also starred briefly on BBC's Doctor Who
I dont watch none of them the golden era is well and truly gone conan is the last great standing.
No one was more upset about the James Corden announcement than the British public
26:45 I don't even care about late night tv and this made me sad
I wish someone would buy ME closed Toad Lillies
24:40 I got your back Writers Guild
22:10 Ziwe is a queen
You're 26? Holy shit dude you like 38.
Рад что ты прешел дорогу, петух. (если мы говорим про равенства) *пс пс снимать клипы на зебре все еще - говяная идея
Honestly nobody touches Ferguson
Many late night show hosts has taken it upon themselves to educate us about political views. I think ppl are tired of being educated on their own opinion. They just want insightful humor to relate to.
Finally someone with as little talent and charisma as a late show host commenting on late show hosts.
I think it's pretty simple. We're all on streaming services. We will get clips from YouTube as you said..but who flips TV channels anymore? I'm 36...I cant remember flipping channels since I was 20 and below. Back when we had cable, and like 50 channels only. I was too young for late night shows then. So I have no idea who watches these shows honestly. I think people back then just landed on them because there was nothing better to watch.
I can’t think of anyone who watched that stuff anymore. In the 80’s and 90’s sure. But not today. Not now.
Too much advertisements on TV
Thats a hard 26
James Cordon was in one show in the uk that people liked and next min he’s hosting a late night show in the US? I never got it.
Conan and Craig for me.. no one else.
the it comes out that jimmy fallon is horrible to his staff cant look him in the eye and doesnt pay them a living wage 😢
When saw the thumbnail I thought Eddy was John Stossel.
Jimmy Fallon is the most unfunny person in history
God I miss the Colbert Report so much  But Stephen does get me emotional sometimes 😢
Late night tv stinks.
When I was a kid, late night shows were something my parents watched. Now it's something my nieces in college watch.
I don't care about this penisfest
Where comedy goes to die lol
Up until the pandemic watched Colbert pretty regularly, i work 3-11 mostly. It was my get home , take my shies off and have a beer time. Well when trumpy got elected, i dispuse trump by the way, it was funny at first. After all the presidents have always taken the brunt of the jokes since before Carson. But Colbert's whole show became trump is stupid and evil. Yeah i know that, lets move on😂😂😂😂😂
Imo, Seth is the worst.   Best is Fallon Kimmel  Noah Gordon Golbert  Seth
Dude you are 26 you look 40
Why wasn't Jon Stewart mentioned? Some people may not consider him a host, but he is essentially the blueprint for every host in the 21st century.
that's a cool stache...until u blow ur nose
Nah but to be fair, if a whole performance happened in front of me at a red light and it was the La La Land opening I'd actually be so happy. But goddamnit, if it was Corden, I'd shoot myself.
I actually never watched any live tv, just clips YouTube
What is the name of the song 25:58 please 😢
Best is Jay Leno after that no more fun
God I miss Conan
Good mustache bro
Conan was the king and John stewart
I'm watching you late night
You're 26?! I was going to say 40.
"Late Night" ended when Jay Leno retired, and I only watched him occasionally. Since then "late night" has become nothing but a group of moronic, humorless, lying leftard buffoons, pandering for attention. I wouldn't know who they all are, if I didn't see their most egregious stupidity replayed on social media.
I've only seen James in Dr Oho thats all
Conan is the god of talk shows… but Stephen and John are the king and queen. And John Oliver is the younger brother lmao.
don't know. I would expect a less shallow analysis of these problematic late-night show hosts. But what you are saying is no edge at all.
Love dude keeps referring to himself as "a young person"  Bruh you're 26 and look 45 😂
When Conan left it stopped being mainstream. I know a dude who works at seth myers and the ahow gets between 40k and 300k per episode of total viewers. Aka that many people tune in per episode. Not even full viewing. Maybe 60k people watch the whole episode of jimmy fallon etc. Colbert gets like 15k concurrent viewers. No idea how theyy make money. Thats less views a 4 second video of a cat of tiktok. But somehow because theres like 10 shows total left on television talk shows somehow still make money.
Don Frye called , he wants his mustache  back.
You are 26? God, you looked like a father of 3
You don't feel strongly about Kimmel because Kimmel doesn't feel strongly about Kimmel. The man has no principles or beliefs of his own. He's an empty suit that echoes whatever he thinks the current popular sentiment is.
Pay-dro?
i will say i loved late night with jimmy fallon. but the moment he went to the tonight show the show chnaged. same thing happened with conan. he was still conan but felt suppressed a tad. nbc executives have always been uptight bitches. still not over one of them firing norm. may he rest in peace.  these late night hosts are just people but the executives are evil monsters and we should be pointing the fingers at them lol
james corden replacing craig Ferguson who was my favorite 😭😭
John Cena and James Corden are polar opposites in how the treat their crew. I rewatched this video after learning how John Cena treats his crew.
Funnily enough, James Corden was my favorite of the group you covered. It’s also a bit of a shame that the two I hate the most on-air right now didn’t get the same scrutiny.
jimmy fallon always gave off david dobrik vibes - that's the only way i can tell the difference between him & jimmy kimmel 😆
1:25 good grief, why are these people famous? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Gutfeld
It's simple, people don't want politics shoved down their throats at all times. Also, the shows just aren't that funny because of how "watered down" the content is to appease these out of touch networks. Conan was the only good thing that late-night has had in a very long time
I stopped watching late night comedians because they are all political leftists trying to tell me how to think.  That’s not my kind of comedy. The older crew- from Johnny Carson to Jay Leno were funny, and they could discuss current events, but did not try to alienate half of the audience. These people live in an echo chamber of people who agree with their opinions, so it’s crazy to them that half of their audience disappears and they get canceled or loose viewership.
Conan is a gangsta
The format is too dated.  There. Saved you a half hour.
They're all basically glorified youtube channels now. That's where most people watch them, and they're so political and unentertaining I'm not sure how they still exist.
Conan and John Oliver will forever be kings.
❤THE DIVERSITY THO❤
I honestly disagree with your ranking in that i'd switch Kimmel and Meyers. Meyers to me is incredibly basic and reliant on his guests, while Kimmel's willingness to be himself and press his guests unafraid of coming off as an asshole brings a kind of edge to the show that elevates it for me. I get a lot of people watch the shows only for the guests, but the main draw for me is the host. Kimmel is genuine, and that's cool with me.
I wanna pretend that anyone who will say anything negative about the current late night landscape in any internet content… including THIS comment section… are the “alienated” ones, as Harry James Miller quotes ~  I’m just glad that all the shows are back, the writers fairly compensated, and the extended wait for a fair deal resulted in the weirdest late night host crossover project to ever be released: Strike Force Five~
They're back!!!
I don't understand the appeal of late night TV. Once it gets late enough for these shows to air, I'm worn out from the rest of the day. I don't want to watch "informative" tv, and yes that includes informing me on even matters of pop culture. It just seems like the completely wrong time to broadcast them.
Craig Ferguson was the best LNH since Carson and I’ll die on that hill. Conan a close 3rd
AND NOW THE STRIKE HAS FINISHED (kind of) BABEEEE!!
I'm trying to picture a crosswalk musical number happening in ATL, instead. Pretty sure there would be violence 😂
community spotted
I just know Eddy asked the MW employee to tie his tie for him.
James Corden's show ending was such a great birthday gift lol
I stopped watching late night TV after Covid... I use to catch the clips on YouTube
Kimmel and Meyers are my favorite. John Oliver is the GOAT. Colbert's virtue signaling and mistruths are nauseating. Fallon is Leno 2.0, so hard pass.
Late Night died when Conan stopped doing a traditional late night talk show, let’s just leave it at that. He was the only one actually worth sitting down and watching. Thankfully he saw all this coming and started doing his own podcast and has an HBO show coming out soon. You’re literally not missing anything not watching ANY of the other late night shows. None of the current late night hosts are that funny at all
I need the people who witnessed you crossing the corden crosswalk multiple times while filming yourself to release their footage
I never thought Fallon was funny on SNL as one of a dozen performers on the show. Now make him the face of a show and he's that much more unfunny.
As someone who was an avid watcher of late night television prior to the strike and am watching it religiously now that it's back, I do agree that yes, as a platform and an institution, Late Night TV is dying. But I still think that Late Night TV can bring something to the scene that still has value in a world where nobody has cable and our attention spans are slowly leaking out of our ears. The use of short segments that can be published individually on youtube and that make use of a returning cast of characters gives a sense of familiarity. Seth does this incredibly well, with the incorporation of his writers and the cue card guy as characters who have their own inside jokes associated with them. Like yes, there's a lot of other similar content out there, but watching Seth regularly feels like you're a part of the "in crowd." (If you're looking for a great example of this, please please please watch Corrections. It's legitimately one of the funniest things on the internet right now.)  Another example of a unique way that late night tv has been able to stay relevant is the absurdity of John Oliver's antics. This man and his team have HBO money. In my opinion, they use it incredibly well. They use HBO's resources and connections in a way that the average content creator wouldn't be able to do as easily.  Look idk if I've made my point well enough but overall, I think the shows that have been able to adapt have still have gas in the tank, but the format for sure is not what we remember it as kids.
I fully stopped watching late night tv when one by one I lost the comedy central lineup of Jon Stewart, Colbert report, and @ midnight. almost 10 years ago. happy to learn about the reboot if it means Ron Funches returns in full Ric Flair mode
Connan is the best
Letterman & Leno were occasionally funny.  Meyers, Corden, and Fallon have never been funny.  That is the problem.
Steven Colbert's show is essentially like getting the news second hand from a comforting mentor figure in a way that doesn't crush your /whole/ soul
meh
I agree but Conan is the GOAT. Love him.
Grew up watching Leno and Conan. Still remember how bad Fallon's monologues bombed and how awkward it was for a while. Seth is like a bad stand-in.
They're back!!!
Why bring race into it lol
So glad I don't have to see Cordens face anymore. Please vanish to irrelevance
You jumping the hopscotch was a mood
9:21 all that person had to do was put it in reverse and tap the gas pedal just a little
for me, conan seems like one of the most likable not just late night hosts, but celebrities in general
Patriotic Act was a fucking masterpiece
19:45 , "A 26 year old.".
what's  wrong with the wonder woman video? ?
Any one with a phone and a desk can make a talk show now.
Hello Eddy Burbank.
Except Realtime.
I miss watching all the clips on here the next morning 😭
Conan is the og but after Norms passing all of late nite was sure to go
Ill always remember when some people were on colbert and the audience were booing the guest because of his political agenda. And colbert said "please dont boo my guest. I. Want to hear him speak". Thats not something we see often❤
what people don’t seem to understand is that it’s not about how the host treats their guests, but how they treat their staff !!!
As someone who is old enough to grow up in an era when late night TV was still very popular (and pre modern internet) I don’t think I’ve watch more than 3-4 episodes in my whole life. Never saw the point, though admittedly I have zero interest in celebrity culture.
The only parts of late-night shows I was interested in were the monologue and games that happened in the first half of the episodes.  I never cared for the interviews.
random idea, but i feel like these video essays are kind of the thing that is overtaking what once was late-night television. Especially with the fact that more and more youtubers are using editors, co-writers, cameramen, etc, to produce something and HAS this as a living (like yourself!) it is becoming something that it is completely different from what it once was and more like how television used to be. IDK if this makes sense but yeah. Great video, Eddy!!
Late night looks so unfunny, this is what Americans watch?   “Who ate my weed gummies” *cuts to cameramen looking stoned* like damn this is what passes for comedy?
I loved James! I loved his show.
Kimmel has mean streak.....he nailed Cordon.
You look like harry from disco elysium. why not make a video about it ?
bro is the oldest 26 year old on earth
The real problem is how liberal extremist they are.
I’m mainly annoyed with the political stuff late night shows do. They overwhelmingly make fun of one side, despite all of politics being comedy gold. It just makes it feel like propaganda. I don’t like either side (politically) but ignoring all of, or the vast majority of, the ridiculousness that happens in one political party because you favor it is being disingenuous to yourself and the viewers. Not to mention the false things I’ve seen said, including when Seth Meyers talked about Republicans saying they wanted to end Social security (which is just not at all true if you try to look for them saying it) and then showed the only proof, which was an out of context video of someone from 2010. It was blatant misleading and lying. I’m fine with if you disagree with a party, but don’t say something and use a clip from over a decade ago to try to prove it. Be honest, and late night political commentary is rarely honest, and I think that mainly has to do with the networks support of certain political parties. It’s disturbing and I hope people look to verify things when presented in all media, especially late night, because it’s pretty eye opening how much they deceive and distort.  And yes both political parties lie constantly, but when talking about late night shows it skews in one parties favor.
Please give this man the Late Show spot 😂 that’s the only thing that could save this burning rat fire.
Damn you watch a lot of late night
Halfway through.  This is really smart.
Conan is top notch and I really enjoyed his show
LOVE Seth Meyers but it’s true I’m a YouTube viewer
Dude you're 26 years old?!
Whoever ever watched any of the toxic elite-loving scumbags after Letterman, is finally starting to wake up. 5 years ago you called us butthurt haters, now you‘re aligned with our long stated opinions. Great…
I agree with all of this. I am in my 30s, and I loved late night. But it is no longer needed in the way it was.
What’s funny. Is what if he’s as bad as Ellen behind the scenes. Also Ellen was such a bad rep and I hate that people still use her as a baseline for how gays act. That’s all. Very off topic. But dang. She was mean.
I stopped watching live tv about 1999.  Internet ftw.
This video has more views than late night shows. Altho it seems like they are only done to be cut into viral social media clips.
I don't have cable and I could not tell you when the last time I watched a show live was.
Ive never really cared for corden but when i saw the clip after maher said something about that america shouldnt celebrate obesity and fight it and this clown needed to made a statement about it in show....he fucked up and was done for me.
If late night TV is dead why do I want to read the obit?
John Oliver is funny.  I enjoy every second of his news-comedic presentation-show.
Conan was the one my dad only watched and so I grew up with him in that era and occasionally Listen to his podcast which I love
meh
These guys are shameless distributers of government propaganda.
The segment on Conan O'Brien needs a friend before the actual interview always has me absolutely rolling. The entire show involves not one, but two co-hosts, and they're always made a part of the show with Conan. They are like family and it's a wonderful experience. It's always so good and everyone is laughing and having a genuine blast.
Why no mention of Trevor Noah?
The problem with a lot of these late night talk shows are they are way too political.
As a young person and a brit late night talk shows had never been a significant part of my life and I only watched sporadic youtube clips but I'd never watched it on TV. However I've seen Trevor noah and Conan , more conan on terms of comedy ( trevor for political commentary) are the most entertaining hosts I've seen I definitely could've sat down and watched them live and had the atmosphere there.  James corden However infuriates me in a way I can't explain every time he opens his mouth because his entire stint on gavin and Stacey was hilarious,  cleverly written partially by him and executed so well and his personality was just so down to earth you would never have guessed this is who he'd become
Craig Fergusson was the last late night host who came close to doing anything original
I enjoy Conan, Stephen Colbert, and the daily show. But other than those they're pretty bad imo
You’re forgetting the forced wokeness. That also plays a part in low ratings.
this is a good video but i couldn't finish watching it due to how boring most of the late night show clips were. im not kidding i am in agony
Trevor Noah didn't "leave" He got pushed out, only a select group of soycucks ever thought he was funny and he had some of the worse political takes I've ever seen. He constantly bashed everyone who didn't agree with him *hint, most of America* and told them not to watch his show And they didn't. He was a miserable replacement for Jon Stewart and ratings after only a few episodes were abysmal. Late night deserves to die. If Covid and the constant, disgusting behavior of these Hollywood elites running these shows (ie Colberts get the Vax skit 🤮🤮🤮) wasn't enough proof, idk what to tell you. Idk about you, but I sure love when Hollywood and the elites who run it constantly try and shove a leather boot deep into my throat
I also watch segments on YouTube now, rather than live tv.
James cordon was just not funny man, nothing he ever did in long boring career even came close to funny or smart funny or dumb funny. It was just his accent that got him thru his years. Thats it. Nothing else.
18:04 Damn, I didn't expect to be hearing such words of purity from Colbert, that's fantastic.
I never watched a lot of late night TV. My mom would, but I had a bedtime up until high school and then I realized I liked sleeping in high school, so I rarely would watch Letterman. The best I ever saw were a few reruns of Carson on one of the extended cable channels. When I had the freedom in college to do whatever I wanted with my evenings, I had many better things to do than watch TV. Now I don't even own a TV.
I actually think the switch to politics was the biggest nail in the coffin. Sure, it's cathartic, but it gets old fast. We're bombarded by politics enough during the day, I think people get burnt out by the time they sit down to watch late night or they just want to unwind and getting an extra dose of politics doesn't help. I think the ratings that becoming more political brought in were only a temporary boost because people don't know what they want in the long run. I think Conan or Letterman were so successful because they never became that political.
Honestly I only watch those shows now when a kpop group I like is in it.
u do not look 25
“I will say though, I think, in the past, we were all too hard on Jimmy Fallon.”  This aged a little poorly given the recent allegations, but I feel like maybe the pressure got to him and he became that way over time, maybe?
Conan is number one in my heart and in reality.
Please shave your mustache
I hate every late night host so much that I actually got a plugin on my browser that auto-blocks them from showing up on youtube.
Conan is elite.
in the UK we have a shoe called loose woman where a group of woman litterly just chat about modern topics and controversy, kinda like a podcast and it is VERY sucessful
Another thing with James Corden was his whole spill your guts segment was so racist towards peoples cultures, making some cultures delacy a punishment for people to eat and mock on tv. Yeah that was shitty
Steven Colbert and Jon Stewart were awesome. Trevor Noah is obnoxious and not at all funny
"Diet Jimmy Fallon" its funny cuz he's fat.  diet.  _hah_
I love jay leno
25:16 Bill Maher + Drew Barrymore just started their shows again.
jimmy fallon is insufferable 11:25
the last time i visited my parents, they were watching old episodes of the merv griffin show. disparate celebrities with absolutely nothing in common were brought on and given random conversation topics. whenever a comedian was brought on, they would get a moment to do a segment from some standup or a comedy skit.  i saw joan rivers before she'd had any work done. she was hilarious.   there was an episode where carol burnett and roddy mcdowell were both on, and carol told him that when he was a kid starting in lassie, she went to meet him somewhere and get his autograph, because he was her pretend boyfriend. his laugh was like a little flute. he was a twink.   sometimes the celebrities would be angry with each other or not get along. phil spector went on several times and every time he did, all the other celebrities were openly exasperated that he was there lmao. he was such a little prick. he'd like, insult them. on national tv, in front of a live studio audience. he met his match with eartha kitt, who insulted him back in a sultry purr and got a roaring laugh from the audience, from merv, and from me.   i was riveted, is the point. these were true human interactions among naturally talented people. they were dressed up nicely and behaving politely, but ultimately if they were having fun, they'd act like it; and if they weren't, they wouldn't. i was like, why aren't shows like this anymore?   it's because late night talk shows are for press and bothering each other and nothing else. you only go on a talk show to promote your book, new movie, or new album. you have a rote script that was approved by your team. the host tries to get a rise out of you somehow. it's all the same.   no matter how charming or not charming the host is, it's all the same. the format died long before the internet replaced it, in my opinion.  and it did. the internet did replace it. when i was thinking about what replaced merv, i thought of "hot ones." i don't watch hot ones, but that's the vibe. the activity is controlled, but the interactions have a spontaneity that talk shows lack. you can't say "my book is about xyz and available for preorder now" with your mouth full of buffalo sauce.
Skip da ad 12:50
17:55 I started crying
13:40
If only Eddie could see the abuse allegations against Fallon now, lol.
Jimmy Kimmel is so incredibly unlikable and personifies everything wrong with Hollywood and their ilk.
the sooner the better
As a European, I can only see Late Night Shows as both a way to normalize the American "star system" (entire industries centered around making people famous and capitalizing on that) to the rest of the anglophone world and a "Get out of blackface controversies" free card
It's too bad your exposure to Conan was that "broad" version of his late night NBC show.  You got to watch a dumbed down live audience that would cheer for radio static.  His late night show on NBC was groundbreaking and smart, a fitting baton taken from the old Late Night With David Letterman program.  Both Letterman & Conan made big mistakes in turning their backs on their respective niches.  What followed for each were hollow and inferior.
All they talked about was Donald Trump after 2016, people got tired of the same old thing.
Going back and forth on that crosswalk was more entertaining than the entire show.
Doesn’t Gutfeld have the #1 late night show? Why was he not mentioned? I get politics and stuff just curious. . .
Well, watching how the fat melted away day after day was very surprising, I just did what I was talking about and within the first 14 days or so I was visibly defined, I just go'ogled Baker Henistole and after 30 days I actually developed strong pecs for the first time in my life lol!
Yes, it is rather dead isn't it.  And we realize... they are nothing without writers.  So much destruction.  Can't we have anything good anymore?
John Oliver does it best. And while harder to watch, Jon Stewart’s appleTV show is awesome.
Correlate with smart phone sales and 3g
3:36 I first heard of him from dr who. Honestly should have stayed there…
I used to 0:30 watch Conan live. Conan was the only good host imo
It takes A LOT for a restaurant manager to side with the waiter.
To add to Fallon, a bunch of his employees have recently come forward in a Rolling Stone article about him and his showrunners making working on the actual show a nightmare, so that has soured me on Fallon a ton
Dude u look 36 no cap
Craig was brilliant. Corden, no.
The reason they do good onyoutube is that even if you click on not interested youtube keeps on promoting it to u lol
I do not watch tv since 2010. All tv-shows on internet. Do not listen to radio too, only because we have a war in Ukraine to get news while lockdown
Ur mustache are dope))  I adore mens facial hair
As a youngish Brit, I basically know James Corden as one of the guys from some anodyne sitcom that my aunt likes. It's always a bit of a culture shock to be reminded he, of all people, made it big in America.
Only show I watch was tosh.0
Craig was a fantastic host.
Trump had a big effect on late night hosts as they all suffered extreme Trump Derangement Syndrome.  This pushed over 1/2 the country away from watching their nonsensical propaganda forever more.
The wildest thing is you saying you're 26 years old.
Conan O'Brien, Graham Norton, and Craig Ferguson are the GOATs.
I always figured late night shows were exclusively watched by elderly people with insomnia.  I occasionally watched the daily show on YouTube, but i didnt even know Noah left until watching this video.
Lol Trevor Noah didn’t even make the list…..😂😂😂
Last Week Tonight is the only late night adjacent show I still watch consistently lol
People don't actually watch broadcast TV at all, much less late at night.
Stupid question 😂. How come you didn’t mention Trevor Noah? or is the Daily show not a late night show hence the name.
Jimmy Fallon sucks big time
11:08 ok lmfao... diet Jimmy
Craig Ferguson was the best of all time imo.
I agree that right now Seth is the best and funniest. Conan is my favorite of all of them.
Corden always brought that toxic theater kid energy
Trump Derangement Syndrome killed late night tv. The end.
Hahahahahahaha
The only good late night Ill watch fully through is last week tonight the rest, especially Fallon, just aren't as funny
I watch Graham Norton on tv.
Greg Gutfield is going strong
Before social media, younger audiences (18-35) would watch 'must see' television together or discuss it the next day - there was a communal feeling that these hosts were the voices for each successive generation - Boomers had Carson, Gen X had Letterman, Millennials had Conan (and not to mention, John Stewart), and Gen Z has well, hmmm...? Well they have YouTube and Social Media, which defers or even divests any feeling of a shared cultural zeitgeist (IMO). Perhaps these generational voices are just too difficult to locate today, as the kind of cultural touchstones that create connectedness are lost in a virtual sea of content - ironic in an era where 'social' is the preferred adjective for most of the media we consume today.
Corden is a small petty little man who abuses his small circle of influence - I'm not surprised people see him for who he really is outside of his show. But Fallon's TV persona is completely manufactured as well. I really don't understand how the audience doesn't sense the artifice and insincerity during his interviews. His laugh is so affected, and he panders like an idiot to his celebrity guests. Fallon's true personality is only on display when he does something competitive, and it becomes obvious he's someone who hates to lose. Which is fine, as it reveals at least something authentic, but that part of him is in complete contrast to the wide-eyed innocent schtick that gets really old really quick  - makes my skin crawl.
this is VERY relevant now
I’m incredibly glad I don’t live in LA, if I was in traffic during one of James Corden’s stunts I’d be arrested for either vehicular manslaughter or reckless discharge of a firearm
Funny people are accusing Fallon of having a toxic working environment  now too
I personally don't care if it's diverse. I care more that the host is doing a good job. Don't care about color, race, gender,... That being said, my favorite hosts are Conan, Craig & i absolutely also liked James. Until i saw all the controversy about him. I really couldn't believe what i heard. And it was not just once, but i've seen YouTube video's about people who sat in the crowd, i heard that thing from the restaurant as well etc... Now of course, we are not perfect, no one is. But it was not a one (or even 2 time) event. It happened multiple times. I still did like the humor in the show. To be honest, i will miss that. I think the band was nice as well with the same humor.  Also, i didn't know Jay Leno did Conan dirty! I really think that's messed up!
Colbert’s shilling for big pharma is unforgivable. It’s one thing to support the vaccine and stress your opinion on it, it’s another thing entirely to have a vaccine musical and talk about people who are hesitant to take a drug that was created in less than a year like they are idiots.
Conan know jordan schlansky and other of his crew, he's different
As someone else that hates the sound of balloons (& similar such as styrofoam) that part made me really cringe (& cover my ears).
but seriously, where does mystery door lead
that keith guy is lying.... corden is not a talented comedian
I am still so pissed Ziwe got cancelled.  Not that she won't be back.
Jay, Craig Ferguson, Craig Kilborne, Conan and Dave were all actually funny. No one on network tv after 11pm is even objectively funny these days.   Colbert, Kimmel and Seth Meyers are patently unfunny pandering dolts. Jimmy Fallon is so milquetoast he could be sold as Melatonin. James Corden is a douche, it’s shines through your tv set. He was never funny.
Know what's more insufferable than a late night host doing a bit in a crosswalk? A hipster doofus filming himself walking across the same crosswalk and making quippy commentary about it.
BOOO frikken HOOO
Jimmy Fallen was just cringe and fake. Unwatchable
Seth Myers is your favorite 😳 dude you  need help.  Seriously, you have problems 🥴
‘Get off my car dude’ 💀🤣
This is one of those creators which would be better enjoyed as narrator.
Letterman and Conan were good. Everyone else sucks balls.
Johnny Carson, Jay Leno, Craig Ferguson, and Conan O’Brien were the best late night hosts.
It's still insane to think that Fallon got The Roots as his house band.
The Jimmy Fallon segment is super fun and not at all awkward now lol
I want to say I appreciate the multiple Colberr Reporr jokes.
Progressive lectures don’t sell
He saw REALITY
He has LEFT already.
Craig Ferguson was and absolute treasure and was the best...simply because he did not give a shit, was a funny and good guy perv.
I know this was about talk shows but there’s a whole story about why James had to leave the U.K. entertainment industry because no one wanted to work with him.   You showed a clip from his U.K. show “Gavin & Stacey” there’s a very famous British actor in that show called Rob Brydon who has a very interesting and down to earth recollection of what James was like before and during his fame.
Do yourself a favor and go watch Johnny Carson interview Don Rickles and you'll understand just how dead late night is. The only one that ever came close was Conan. Loved the video :)
i have in multiple different apartments been forced to get a cable package as my all-in-one amenities package with bundled internet, cable and phone service. i only want the first one! leave me alone!
talking about wga at the end is great. thanks
They seem all to be too woke.  That is what broke their shows. To many comedians had to step very carefully or cross the woke line and get cancelled.
Не знал что у Гендерфлюидный Вертосексуал есть канал на английском
Kimmel is a bully. The quarantine rooftop trick-or-treat where he had Guillermo throw trash at children, the way he treats Guillermo in general. I can't unsee it now.
Yes. 100% agree
Okay loved the video but it's a bit criminal that you didn't even mention that Seth Meyers is doing something to acknowledge and leverage the YouTube popularity with corrections. This segment is really enjoyable to me bc it feels like YT not cable TV. Seth speaks directly to the YT viewers, talks about the YT comments section, and gave they're viewers a group name. The Jackals!
Why put Trevor? He’s resigned since
Ill always remember conan going to a historical reenactment place and this one girl stayed FULLY in the character of a colonial girl whokept giving him answers he didnt see coming and she ended up delivering some of the best punch lines and the audience and clearly conan fell in love with the girl cause she ended up in the entire skit.
I wonder what would happen if some random civilian tried using the cross walk during one of his things. Cause it’s still a public place and someone could legally just walk right through them preforming a dance number and ruining it. I imagine the cast would be LIVID if that happened tho
"A hugely gifted comedian" ??? I'd find it easier to believe he was a saint. On British TV he was famously unfunny - it was a running joke, he was like an audience member who'd won a slot in a cereal box on every panel he was on.
Conan moving his show from NYC to Los Angeles was the beginning of the end.
Conan is the best!
The modern late night shows era, which was from 2007 to 2015, ended already 8 years ago. All those conan trips and interraction with his staff were gold and so damn funny. Fallon, Corden and the other were just weird and fake... Late night format died 8 years ago.  Honestly after that golden period has been just ridicolous watching that crap!
If you want to see good late night talk shows, go watch old reruns of Johnny Carson. What we have today is a bunch of political hacks disguised as late night talk shows. If you crossed liberal propaganda with the foulest smelling garbage, you'd have something resembling Kimmel, or colbert, or the rest of the trash that's on late night.
I kinda hate the WGA strike talking points. Yeah no shit you’re getting paid less than you did 20 years ago when adjusted for inflation. LITERALLY EVERYONE is. Here in Pennsylvania the minimum wage is stiff at an insane $7.25! And when these talking points are coming from greatly fortunate people, it kinda stings.
COLBERT is the worst of them all. On comedy central he used to be good, edgy and on point. Now hes sold out, egotistical and dull.
Idea:  The old religious figures/Greek attempt to give mental and physical diseases through black magic and the medical community. They are schizophrenia. They are narcissism.   The old religious/Greek figures have put people in genders of bodies that are not their own with an evil purpose. This is why trans people exist. And surgery is a basic human right. They are also responsible for detransitioners existing. They abuse on gender and sexuality and control in these areas to attempt to confuse and change souls from who they are.  The old religious/Greek figures are all controlling our bodies and are the voices. They are getting in our bodies to rape, murder and speak thoughts that are not our own. They have long term evil intentions and a very long past to cover up.  Religion has been used against the human population and the fear of hell for a long-term purpose of keeping us controllable. This is beyond full body/mind control they can do magic style.  The old religious/Greek figures are arranging the marriages/relationships of the populace without consent. The psychic rapes are from old religious/Greek figures not a human person. It’s not kundalini as well.  Twin flame is very dangerous. It’s a fate based system where everything is chosen for you on birth. That life is just planned and it actually is by the old religious/Greek figures to be honest. But truly if you think about extreme poverty and acid attacks you’d have to see life is not fated. It’s a mess. The universe couldn’t know you at 0.  I would never try to take the idea of love or potential of love from someone. It's the idea it was created on birth your lover and it's very fate based. The world and you was done the day you were born.  And it can be used against you the idea of a match up that is chosen in advance of you becoming you by the universe (but is the old religious figures). And that things are set in stone and you don’t choose your partner. It sets you up to not see abuse and to accept any treatment because they are the one. It’s so dangerous. You have a forever someone who will have to work to remain your forever just like you will but it’s not set in stone and no one knows who it is besides you. You just will have a lover.  And it’s the religious and Greek figures trying to control people to get together. By forcing souls to be with one another without consent through manipulation and control.  Trying to get in the idea that the universe knows your partner or yourself better than you.  Trying to plant signs of something that is not. They do this with all sorts of topics. They are the one touching you and talking to you. Evil Cupids. Evil People.  We all will win though. And people will know that control exists. Who is truly at fault. And love will be found. If you want it. And there is unlimited food/drink in heaven.  I wish you all the best.  😅😮😢…😂❤🎉
Jay Leno, Craig Ferguson, and Seth Meyers were my least favorite.   I'm Team Coco but read he was an arrogant ass and can't see past it now 😢.  I never understood the backlash against James Cordon. Felt it was too harsh. But just like you, I only watch late night online. I cut the cord in late 2014 and rarely use a digital antenna beyond the Superbowl 😂.
Seth Meyers’ Corrections youtube show is truly fantastic. it both incentivizes watching the main show and is great in its own right.
Laughs in Graham Norton
Cordon is one of the strangest things ever. A man that has managed to make zero talent a career. He was so disliked in the UK he went to the USA where he hoped his “cheeky chappie” image would sell. He’s REALLY not liked in his home country because we know how unfunny he is.
The main reason was because all the talent went. None of these “comedians” and “personalities” are neither of those things.
I loved the John mulaney bits on seth Meyers show and tuned in for them for the most  during (kind of) quarantine time. But in general seth Meyers show was a great watch even during quarantine.
I'm a tech (switchboard) director for sports broadcasting. Aside from one OG old-head talent who is a gentlemen and a scholar, i'm 90% certain that in 5 years of doing this job, and 13 years of working near or around the job, none of the broadcast talent knows my name, would recognize my face in public, or even offer a handshake. I usually have to be the one to re-introduce myself everytime i see them.   Keep in mind this is college sports, and most talent is local radio, all-star alumni, or retired coaches of local programs.   Now, in their defense, while sports broadcasting crew can be somewhat burdened by the stopping of a workflow to say hello to someone simply because they are talent, and visa versa, it is odd to me that james doesn't know any of his stage crew on a far different type of broadcast after 2 years of working with them.
Part of the issue with Colbert was that he *_couldn't_* being his Colbert character to his show, because it was a licensed character of something like Viacom. Unless CBS bought the character, it was never going to work.
It tickles my funny bones relentlessly knowing that Americans have had to swallow the comedian England didn't want!😂
Craig and Conan are the only ones worth watching. Fallon grew on me but not as talented
Actually, the fact that since Trump got elected they cried like babies and turned off half the fucking country.  Weak ass networks.
None of those people were funny in my opinion, none of them!  The only one I ever find truly entertaining and hilarious to this very day by watching  the old reels is Johnny Carson.
Colbert Sucks
i'm so happy that talk shows like these have died, they're stilted and absolutely terrible even with writers at the helm of them.  unfortunately, they've just permeated onto the internet in the form of podcasts where everyone starts their own no matter how dull or uninteresting the conversations are  also this is my first time hearing of seth meyers
I hate Colbert and absolutely despise Noah.
I really believe Fallon loves comedy and has fun on his show! The outtake laughter with the Bradley Cooper seems to me like how he laughs with guests.
It seems like late night TV in the US does not have very diverse presenters considering they’re all supposed to be so inclusive and liberal, it’s declining because it’s the same old jokes from all of the presenters who seem to look the same, mocking the same people, yet all kissing the same butts of others
Colbert is possibly the fucking worst host honestly. None of them are good at all. Last one that had any semblance of charisma was Conan
Good topic.. can’t watch the guy speak again though
I think Late Night TV (weather it be on YT or on TV) will never entirely loose it's spark to people because it feeds the picture of the "popular and famous" like that life was something to strive for. Social Media kinda humanizes celebrities.
Conan is King, I grew up with the walker Texas Ranger Lever and vomiting Kermit.  I didn’t get into Craig Ferguson until much later but he was also hilarious and insanely witty.  They both got fucked…
You look like coffeezilla with stash
Late night is non-stop politics and tiring. Especially when they are so biased about every single thing. Its awful, and more focused on politics rather than just being funny.
I used to love @midnight with chris hardwick
Hard to believe people follow this clown
They died cause they woke like u
I had to pause this video multiple times just to tell myself how much I agree with what you said.
Papa Cum
I have to agree with you. I watched late night for years and I am older than you, more than 40 years older. But during the pandemic, I started watching segments on YouTube and I've never gone back. I love them all - Stephen, Jimmy, Jimmy, Treavor, and I loved Cordon, too. But I grew up with the old shows and the old formats. But, on YouTube, I can watch ALL the monologs or segments when I want. I enjoy watching old Johnny Carson, and Dick Cavett segments with old stars and comics as well. It's a new world and much more responsive to the viewer.
I also feel like people aren’t awake by the time late night happens. We are working all the time and just want to sleep
Honestly, Craig is the best there is. Him and Conan know no equal, period.
i like seth meyers as a person though hes a good guy
One name, Conan O’Brien 🤌
I miss Craig.
it didn’t help that they were all political pundents for the democratic party who spew a bunch of bs
I like how the hosts wore normal and cool clothes during the pandemic and was pissed when they went back to those stupid suits.
You didn't mention how they put a lot of hate against a beloved president and rarely talked about the hurt the socialist article 25 president got a pass. So... who owns these guys?
It started as it ended... Way too late.
Wait that’s why everyone hates James Corden, because he was rude at a restaurant? Based off how much people hate him and the hushed tone in which people refer to “ the controversy” I thought he raped somebody. But he was just an asshole one time? Man that’s really stupid.
My issue wasn’t that they got political but that they not only all had the exact same opinions but they seem to think I’m evil or stupid for not agreeing. It just started feeling like I was just waiting to hear some hyper hypocritical monologue. Made me a little bitter towards them.
26?
Wow dude! You’re 26?!? You look and act like 46…😮
Damn that was a big ass fly that landed on Hillary Clinton face wtf?
I like seth meyers and liked Trevor Noah
Great video!  Just wondering: is the mustache is there to look less handsome? To add a comedic look?
With the Daily Show for me, it was just that no one could ever replace Jon Stewart. Trevor was good with standup, I even went to see a live standup of his and was cracking up. But to me he just didn't have the tv host vibe. I'll watch John Oliver until he retires and after that I probably won't watch any
Love Conan ! Watch he can make even Harrison Ford funny !
Listening to Paris Hilton's voice change like that mid sentence is insane
Late Night died when Conan and Ferguson left. It's been a rotting shell ever since. The late night hosts now are boring, predictable, and disappointing.
Honestly, when they started to go political I tuned out.
It was so sad and pathetic when the late night hosts had to start working from home, literally. Because like, without the high-production value, without the writing staff to provide the same jokes (they're not great but they're something), and without the live celebrity guests, late night hosts had practically nothing fun to do on camera. Some of their segments could be the same. But unlike their youtuber peers, who had been making content from their homes for over a decade, they did not have great interior lighting, great recording spaces with room to stretch, and not enough music, video effects, or edits to make their content still stand out and have some pizzazz.  The worst of it was Jimmy Fallon. Dude just looks dead inside while he had to work from home. And I think that's because he thrives off of personal interaction; not just for his humor but in general. Dude probably lost a lot of motivation when he couldn't be around his friends and colleagues.
Conan was the last good one. All of them nowadays are left wing twats
I dont think Jimmy Kimmel is funny, but good god do i hate James corden lmao
Conan was the best no contest. Didn’t know Leno screwed him like that wow
Basically, I stopped watching late night shows about 2000.
I didn’t know Cordon had a show.
1000% agree on Seth. Dude is genuinely great.
Trevor Noah and John Oliver have never told a funny joke in their lives
Politics and late night do not mix well
I vaguely know all of these guys, some maybe a little more than others. Idrk Stephen Colbert, but I've seen him around he always seemed like a warm guy and so the description here that he seems intelligent and compassionate makes sense. Also his talking about grief was just very nice to hear. Ig i can agree, I like him but I'm not gonna watch his show lol
The most I ever thought about Jimmy Kimmel was when he hired Lou Wilson and how that announcement tweet was their most engaged with ever.
I love that this is basically a "Conan" appreciation video.
I haven't watched Late Night tv forever.
John Oliver is a Breadtuber to me
Mavis Leno has made it very clear, her husband was demoted to prime time. Conan O'Brien was not up to the job. Leno saved the show. He did not torpedo anyone.
I ❤ Conan
The thing that's so weird to me is that I think SO MANY people preferred them in casual clothes and overall just less formal and Meyers is the only one who hasn't put the suit back on
She picked on that looks like her limo driver
21:40 ROFL Conan's been known for doing great travel bits since before you were born.
Jon Oliver’s last week tonight is still going strong and rightly so
This is how I found out Ziwe got cancelled...
Thanks Marc Maron
The last time i got excited for a late night show was when conan was on air
They sold their souls and now are not even thought of, neither alive nor dead. Good riddance.
The fact Corden exploited Alice Coopers actual phobia for entertainment is actually horrific. Thats like a torture method.
Fallon is hands down the worst. Doesn’t let his guests talk, and the over the top pantomime reactions are cringe. Hes basically a late night tiktoker following the latest trending thing on the app.
Seems like something my Boomer parents did as a night time ritual, that some Gen X'ers kinda adopted out of habit...   There's nothing inherently bad about it, but it seems to be a fading format habit, based around legacy technology that has morphed into another form of Media.    Love the hosts and guests, but .... That period of format seems to be nearly passed.
ㅤ
I agree with everything in this video. We are in the era of oversaturated Host-Format Talk Shows. It spreads the mass audience too thin. The urgency to watch late night would return if someone was bold enough to something new and it catches on. Easier said than done.
Kimmel and Colbert are such radical, ignorant, woke dipshits who have profited on shitting on America and anyone that they dis agree with. They have done nothing but brainwash whomever watches their show.  I miss the days of Letterman and Leno. Also, Conan was great too.
this would have been a great video.... minus the Trevor Noah  praise lol. Totally made me doubt all of your other opinions, despite me agreeing with most of them lol. Trevor Noah is just not it.
Conan pretty ruined it. He forced out Leno, instead of taking the abc deal.
How are you 26, but look 40?
You make some good points, but mate. Alice Cooper was fucking fine.
How is Steven Colbert not British?
stephen colbert and john oliver r my fav
Introducing people to you, just so they can be surprised your so young is highly recommended as a time killer.
Have you ever seen any UK late night content? I'd love to see what you'd think of the differences between the 2
good
Late night tv should go back to comfy sleepy storytelling and/or unsettling surreal horror
I liked Craig Kilborn's Late Late show.
"As 26 year old" 😮
The devaluing of late night TV has nothing to do with content of the shows or the Imagine video (which I don’t think is a big deal at all) or any other nonsense. It’s two things and two things only. The amount of shows and channels and the internet.
The internet devalued all things.
I would if Letterman was still on
Is it weird that I got a little emotional at the end there? 😅
Why mention whiteness?
I haven't liked any since Leno and letterman
Conan’s interviews of Norm McDonald will always be my favorite
You hit the nail when you said that today's audience have more ways to get their dose of celebrities through social media, so the once only way to get a glimpse at your celebs was watching the late-night shows, is getting nowhere today in comparison.  That, and that it feels like a copy & paste show... with a different host here and there, but with many of the celebrities being the same, and believe me, they haven't that much to impress no one with anymore after appearing so many times, especially after they're spilling all their eggs on social media to get followers.   People today are also "on-demand" watchers, and there's way more stuff to watch today than ever before, and still we got the same time in a day, so we have to prioritize. Myself, I'm doing a binge-watch of good old "The X-Files" now. :)  I believe this is why David Letterman just ended his fruitful run, while at the top! A smart man, with a lot of sense for business.  ps.. haha... and I'm 44, and haven't had a "tv" for like 25 years?  I run what I watch on my mac, through my projector and a 100" screen!... or my computer monitors. Netflix, Youtube, etc...
and they have been gone for 3 months, and NO ONE NOTICED! I'm happy... Good by Late Night, now one misses you.
Glad to see this. Please ffs, end late night telly. No one watches it.
"Name two of the camera men in this room" that was savage, literally made my day
It died when Craig Ferguson retired for me :/
How can Colbert seem to be such an empathetic man but have such little ability to understand people who don’t agree with him politically. He treats them like absolute garbage.
Kimmel and Colbert are the worst. Just awful.
Why would he do that to Alice Cooper? That wasn’t funny at all.
went from funny to straight government propaganda, SNL is purely for telling Americans what is okay to laugh about in politics and what is not
The decline started exactly back in 2016 when literally all of these talk show hosts became crazy left wing lunatics attacking trump everyday.
they had to remove the laugh tracks during quarantine and everyone realized how unfunny they actually all were
I'm 27 and this is the most I've ever seen of a late night show and couldn't have named two shows or the hosts before this episode
I remember when EVERYONE watched Leno
Nah! CregiFerg
Just clicked on this to say forgetting Craig Ferguson in the thumbnail IS A SIN, AND I REFUSE TO WATCH
immediately after this video came out, the writers go on strike and ALL late night shows have DIED
Late night shows died once all the artist and stars began having social media. We get personal videos and messages everyday. It’s not special anymore
The only talk show I ever enjoyed was Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn.
Greg Gutfeld is still doing great.
For me was the politics that kill they took it too much on Trump for me
I watched Conan when I was in my 20s but that changed as I hit my 30s
I’m just sorry that could never solve the mystery of the yellow pencil on Seth Myers 😢
Amber Ruffin? She's amazing.
Its like watching cnn thats trying to be funny but its not funny at all.
Late night is for the boomers.
Only insane people wanted more politics on TV shows
Lol..... you made this whole video and and at the end you don't see the irony and foolishness of supporting the WGA and SAG? Hahaha.  That's some next level cognisant dissonance.
I think what destroyed a lot of the intereste in these is that they all,  with the exception of Fallon, tried to use politics and social issues as a form of engaging entertainment - which is so extremely overated. And with Fallon, your not correct in comparing him to Conan or or Carson...no, he was there to fill the shoes of Leno... which he did better than the others,  because he didn't try to exhaust them with issue content.   Cordon, I never got into.  But i totally agree with you.
I genuinely think it's extremely telling that a band that I'm a huge fan of had a late night appearance a few years ago and it was more of a footnote in the fandom than anything else,  when I know for a fact it would have been a HUGE deal when I was a teen.
That old interview between Stephen Colbert and Anderson Cooper really is great
Late night is mainly falling off because of trash political propaganda.
Even though the country is not responsible for James Corden, on behalf of the United Kingdom, we’re sorry.
Craig Ferguson was phenomenal and you dont say his name enough
26!!!!!!! Ya look 40!
Dude, late-night put a gun in its mouth the night Trump was elected, along with every other brand of globalist lap dog media brainwash 😘
I just feel like they've all become political pundits
Owen Benjamin called the death of these shows awhile back when he pointed out that every host had the same cookie cutter opinion on every major topic.
I stopped watching because they just lecture about liberal politics... it's not funny nor interesting!
Ronan was the only one I watched
Colbert is a destructive mainstream political shill, nothing more, nothing less. Hopefully, Conan keeps following his own creative path.
Trevor Noah is talented? Yikes! Yeah glad I haven’t checked in on Eddy in idk a year, because wow yeah nooo. People who are constantly ringing the division bell… nope.
Last Week Tonight or GTFO.
I want to hear Eddy’s lukewarm takes on Jurassic Park
Who wants to watch only B lister stars.
jeez, i thought you were 20 years older
Craig Ferguson was the last “great” talk show host. Since then, there’s been no one even close.
Those pranks Kimmel has parents do on the kids where they say they ate all their Halloween candy or won’t buy them Christmas presents and laugh and record as the kids sob put an awful taste in my mouth
my favorite Colbert memory is when he brought dancing vaccines on stage to promote Pfizer. so safe, so effective
Was that Camila Cabello who sang right after Corden's horrible pelvic thrust in a mouse costume? Wow. Calling her vocals mediocre might be generous.
Corden also lobbied for writers to get paid less.
I never ever thought I would back up piece of shit called James Corden, but I feel like it's unfair that question about cameraman names, because I'm worst person with names I ever knew, I often forget names of people I don't see for long time, hell in high school it took me whole school year to remember my entire class. So I feel for him, not knowing cameraman names
I’m 58 and haven’t watched live TV in over 10 years. You were actually still watching commercials post YouTube?  Why?
🤔 I was wondering why I hadn’t seen any Kimble clips lately.
Conan is the best..❤❤
Who cares tf
Joe Rogan is so much better then anything on tv.
Hope the strike lasts forever. Fuck em
I wish you talked about some conservative shows.
A great late night host should either be impartial to politics or be able to make fun of both sides. The woke left can’t take 1 joke but will label everyone on the right racist every 5 seconds. Mainstream media has something to do with this as well. It’s clear pretty much all of these guys are part of the woke machine.
Do you not believe that you are not nitpicking a non-issue which in turn makes you analyse another human through a magnifying glass to the point that you are not making fun of them but instead doing a depressive and parasocial character study of someone incredibly public (as in it is much harder to avoid controversy or act "correctly") that you do not know? Of course we can criticize people and especially public and famous people in some reasonably greater regard. However, I reacted to the fact that you presented some clips of James Corden which weren't terribly offensive or unreasonably disrespectful (at LEAST if you take very common human characteristics into account) in a context of him being a bad person. I really do not like late night shows or James Corden but I hope you would consider my concern about this. The video became much more narrational (if that's a word) after that section and I enjoyed it much more. I would love to hear your perspective on this since comedy is so difficult to balance. These are my thoughts at least.
Who watches T.V.? Jesus, what is this 2012?
I watched every episode of colbert when he started for like a year then stopped during the Trump election because it was the same boring shit over and over. Every guest has a trump joke. Every monologue was him. Haven't watched since.
24:47 for a moment I thought the dude on the left was just an image
I Miss Craig Ferguson so much
Conan never resonated with me. I've never understood the hype. I hate what happened to him though. I wish I had gotten into Craig Ferguson before he left his show. He's pretty funny.
Spot on. I pretty much feel exactly the same except I would be a little harsher on Fallon as I have never EVER laughed at Fallon.
i was always a colbert girl personally. he just seems like a lovely person
As a young adult with streaming platforms premiering movies or steaming theme not long after, the TV is almost exclusively a "home cinema" for me. I have 0 interest in live/cable TV. This is partially economical, but also because I prefer the type of content variety/less censorship of streaming
YOU'RE 26!?!??
Fallon is good ppl can relate to him
Maybe because all the hosts got woker and woker. This is why I stopped watching. And you are woke too because you’re blaming them for the color of their skin.
john oliver is king
Did he get his pronto uomo suit tailored the day he bought it ?
This was so good I even watched the add break with the big hat! 😉
Craig Ferguson was awesome. I am in that club.
I'm also 26, thanks for affirming my belief that we're young people, Eddy !
As soon as WGA members write anything worth watching, then I'll agree they should be paid.  But with all the dreck writers are creating in mainstream media, they are definitely overpaid.  I say *Down with the WGA* and go back to screenwriting school. #NoUnions #RightToWork
I miss when colbert made fun of the whole political spectrum not just the gop.
Conan the last great standing. Craig got out early. He was the best
I never thought any American late night comedians were funny as an Englishman, so it made a lot of sense for James Corden to become one of them.
Craig Ferguson was the true GOAT of late night
10:23 sadly, there are people like this IRL. Who treat celebrities like gods.
Man I just can’t stand anything James corden. He is the most self-centered, most annoying, narcissistic person I’ve ever seen on TV.
If anybody stood on my car and danced I would go ape shit
the way u just mentioned ur merch - terrible -who do u think ur talking to ? donkeys?
Watch 10 minutes of Letterman in like 1994 and you'll save yourself a lot of pointless information in this video.  Modern Late night TV failed because it's trash.
Oooo so sad WGA! I’m pro not giving a da€n for WGA…
What was the appeal of Trevor Noah? It seemed like no one even knew about him until Trump ran for president and Trevor dedicated 90% of his show to just making fun of Trump and trying to talk politics.
They alienated 50% of their audience. Blaming anything else is disingenuous.
Stopped liking it when they started focusing more on politics than anything else
i haven't watched any latenight tv since the early 2000's and it was Conan
Letterman made politics funny not leaning one way or the other as much, now it’s all garbage.
Unpopular opinion but James cordens show was always my favorite. It was the funniest and had the most interesting segments. Jimmy Kimmel is my least favorite, he’s so boring
Just my opinion, but late night TV has gotten way too political. Especially with Kimmel and Colbert. Political satire has ALWAYS been part of comedy, especially on late night tv. However there seems to be a meanness about it, They seem to be pushing an agenda instead of entertainment. That’s why I stopped watching.
Jimmy Fallon and Jay Leno were the only two worth watching
God I'd kill for Craig Ferguson and Jon Stewart to be back on the air
Conan would know his camera mens name as well as their parents names.
They all got too political
The cell phone killed alot of things but these hacks deserved the knife for soooo many reasons......snowflakes always melt.
Conan was the GOAT  Really the only male I looked up to growing up, im only 5'1, so I still do.
Late night hosts are just embrassing
20:53 I know that personally, after I watch a good movie or a good series I’ll watch interviews because I find it interesting how the filmed everything etc. but I do that on YouTube because it’s easy to find and easy to watch.
so uhhhhhhhhhhh What the heck is a "Late night show"???????
Let's not forget most of these hosts automatically turning off half the country with their clear and vitriolic political biases. That might have a little something to do with it.
I miss Craig. I hope he's happy.
Graham Norton is great though
John Oliver is one of the best Late Night show hosts IMO, he actually has substance behind him
Never heard of Corden ever in the history of my life. I'm also a late show fan.
nah i don't think it was bc james became unlikeable. it's just that we're in the late stage landscape shift from tv to tiktok and nobody cares.
Showtime killed some great alternative talk shows that breathed new life into the format. Justice for Ziwe and Desus & Mero.
It all ended when David Letterman retired
the death of late nite tv = internet = the planneddem!c
That’s one reason I don’t watch Late Night Shows. It gets too political thats my opinion.
I’ve changed my mind on the whole “Jay taking Conan’s” job. He didn’t decide he wanted his job back, Conan was getting horrible ratings and NBC asked Jay to come back. Jay is a genuinely good person imo. Corden on the other hand……
My insomniac 80 year old mom watches em all. Jimmy, Jimmy, Stephen, other guy, Seth
I miss Craig Ferguson
Conan and The Daily Show were my go to shows.  At some point the Trevor Noah's show started feeling stale before the pandemic so i stopped watching it and never came back to any late night show.
I think Stephen Colbert is my favorite, I don't watch late night but I am very fond of his ben and Jerrys flavor
You're only talking leftwing, though. Greg Gutfeld has been the late night leader ever since his show started. Which was well before the writers' strike. Did you mean 'The Death of Leftwing Latenight'?
I grew up watching Conan but during covid lockdown I watched NBC era Letterman.  Man, early Letterman is really good.  I think current late night host are just boring and its more about the interviews.   Maybe its rose tinted glasses but the skits on early Conan and Letterman were the best parts of the show.
seth meyers and john oliver are pretty good these days (writers' strike notwithstanding, networks need to pay their writers)
Great video. I remember when I was little at my Grandpa's house, we would watch Leno. But only the monologue. Then he would turn it off and go to bed. Good times. My wife and I used to love Fallon but just lost interest. But I couldn't tell you the last time I've even watched a YouTube clip from any of those guys.
Add to it all the shows have been non stop reruns since the writers strike. And that looks to go on for a lot longer.   This will be as damaging to them as the OJ trial was to daytime soaps
Corden and Fallon... blech... how did they even land the job?
I loved Craig Ferguson and David Letterman but when they left it felt like the late night shows were just trying too hard
"Servers in restaurants are always accommodating for allergies"  No, they absolutely aren't always.
Trevor Noah just isn't funny
This is a good thing. Its the blandest, least offensive mush possible.
Didn't think I'd be finding out Pedro pascal started in WW1984 on a random YouTube account. Thanks.
Conan and Craig Ferg are legends and are real and genuine… The others are fake and unfunny
I heard these writers make like $6k a week
I personally find all current late night hosts to be extremely annoying. Especially Fallon.
My pics worth more... 😂
When Stephen Colbert sat down with Anderson Cooper  to talk about grief, that was one of the more beautiful moments in recent memory.
Good. They're all trash. Especially Kimmel.
I think I have heard of Jimmy Kimmel before but I don't recognize that face, that set, that name. Sometimes I feel like I live under a rock with a computer, i ahve access to an infinite library of wisdom and fear it so deeply I find out nothing.
I stopped watching late night talk shows after Conan left.   Also Craig Ferguson was the best too
I genuinely really enjoy watching Conan. I would tune in if they ever gave him another show
Conan shouldn't be in this list
Making this video and not mentioning that these late night hosts basically became political commentators that only went after republicans (trump).Really makes this video suck.
I'm just going to say if the quality of my writing was on par with Star wars episode 9 or She-Hulk then I don't think that's worth the compensation they think they're worth
Jimmy Fallon is unwatchable. Not being negative just saying.
Graham Norton is the only "Late Night" host that is acceptable. His personality and the format of his show are undefeated and work so well.
Bruh idk about any other age group but I’m 19 and I can say with full confidence nobody under 26 watch fucking late night tv or tv at all🤣🤣🤣🤣
Honestly Graham Norton is better than all these guys love seeing his clips
That one guy with the high pitch voice who screwed Conan over ruined late night talk shows imo. Can't even remember his name
I’m terrible with names, but I can’t see working with someone for 2 years and not trying to learn their names
Too many jews.
In high school I used to watch Trevor Noah every day but that’s about all I watch when it come to those types of shows
Crazy how no one wants to listen to left-wing dogma coded in sprinkles and whipped cream from these hack comedians.
Ya didn't even mention they made a ride at Universal for Jimmy Fallon.
Jimmy Fallon is amazing I'll always watch
How can you make such a great video on late night talk shows and not include Space Ghost C2C?
Hollywood writers have been trash for about 10 years. Just saying.
celeb-worship, juvenile rubbish are not appealing to anyone with the maturity and education to find Europe on a map.
Eddy is 26😅😅😅😅 More like 46🎉🎉🎉 Jeez 🙄
Shame  pitty those who never enjoyed the genius of johnny, cavet and the late night geniusses.. most people would talk about carsons guest
correction--- what JON STEWART started  on the daily show.  smdh .  You damn kids.
All late night tv is hosted by hard left people. You automatically eliminated half the country. On top of that none of them are funny or likable.
ziwe getting cancelled was absolutely criminal
Didn't bring up anything about Kimmel's brp segments in the past?
All those dudes pushed the vaxx hard and Democratic party rhetoric hard, still do. All shills.
Jimmy Fallon is fundamentally unfunny and Seth Myers is even worse. A generation of comedians created by SNL that thinks it is good enough to act funny without writing any actual jokes. Awful. This channel is 100x better than those two shows combined. Keep doing what you do.
It's all Left wing propaganda now and anyone with half of brain caught on.
Allegedly abusive to staff. What about his day in court and not with two bit pod casters. Good story though. Celebrities are easy targets. Did you make a lot of money off this? Are you now a celebrity. Do we have to hate you now?  You are a good presenter. I'll give you that.
Jimmy Kimmel is king.
Conan was the best and still is the best.
Nope, death of late night was when they got to political in 2016. Sure, this improved numbers for a couple years but they alienated a huge group of people so all the shows had to compete for the liberal audience. Now that same audience is tuning out and the other group tuned out years ago.
Tbh, I really like Last Week Tonight with John Oliver a lot. It's hella crazy and super funny
you lost me at "Seth Meyers is your favorite"
Upvote here for eddy b for new late night !!!
It used to be must watch television. Leno, Letterman, Conan, Craig Ferguson. Late night is dying :(
Eddy says the things we all think lol
i wanna see 4 p.m. with freddy berbank
If some asshole tv personality was clogging my traffic id lay on my fucking horn till they got the hint
The Roots where a great band to choose.. I agree with that. They were solid every single time
Get over yourself already please, the more casual the better but you TRRYYY
Wait… you have to push a button for a zebra crossing? That’s a pelican crossing if it has a button
The late night war wasnt a war. People forget, or never knew, that talent has no say in who is hired to succeed them. Everyone blamed Leno. Not his call.
Nobody watches ANYTHING on live tv, except maybe sports. TV as we knew it is dead. Late night held on longer than the rest.
Yeah, being 27 and still scraping for financial stability, nevermind security, I just can't afford to pay for cable tv. I can watch all the things I actually _want_ to watch through the Internet, and most of that legally to boot!
Eddy looks like the Groucho Marx mustache nose and glasses disguise come to life.
So that's how Eddy got so skinny
Going from Craig Ferguson to James Corden is like going from a Lamborghini to a Ford Focus.
Colbert is very strange person in reality
17:55 what is wrong with coopers voice oh my lord he sounds like hes going thru puberty six times over
The way I enjoyed your video I feel like you could be a great late night tv host🔥🔥
You do know that Balthazar is lead by a man that keep doing shit? This is not his first time using celeb gossip to promote his restaurant.  The british guy has ONE negative story, Balthazar is involved in many... And like a complete fool you fell for it, because that gives you more click to be a dishonest ahole?
I’m realizing it’s almost impossible for my mind to mentally differentiate between Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon.
Late night is beyond dead. The writing is terrible. They rely so much on the personality of the host to try and pull of some of the jokes and it doesn't work.
I watch clips on YouTube. I think the only people who actually watch late night on tv are older people. That’s why the Fox Late night show is doing well.
It's difficult to describe what it was like for a presence like Carson to be there every night. Then Letterman was just icing on the cake. NBC didn't realize the genius that was Letterman. It was a huge mistake letting him go.
Lmao, we forgive you Pedro 😂
I appreciate most (all?) of Jon Stewart's creations. His tone was great and I was thankful for Colbert's takes on politics, Trevor Noah's incredibly intelligent and outside view on interviews and John Oliver's amazing HBO's show!
At this age of internet is much different than the decades before.
those two jimmys look incredibly similar so I always thought they are the same person.
The funniest of this entire video is you hopscotching oh my god ahahaha haha!
Say anything you want (or nothing at all haha) about Kimmel but I will always respect him for what he did for Guillermo. Some of my earliest memories are his late night show when Guillermo was still just his driver and how he slowly became more integrated into more bits and now I see him any time I see a clips. I don’t particularly like the program anymore but I’ll watch a little when I see Guillermo.
I miss (Larry Wilmore’s) The Nightly show.  Blew my mind when it got cancelled for [“not resonating with its audience”].
I stopped watching when Craig Ferguson quit. He was the only one I liked in the first place.
I know this comment is coming to you two month late but it almost brought a tear to my eye when you put the flowers on the crosswalk. RIP James. Sincerely anonymous camera man.
People that watch late night tv are bottom of the barrel
Now I have to find all the Cordon's crosswalk clips. Or is this a bit and it doesn't actually  exist?
Yeah, late night shows have lost its role in culture simply because they’re largely obsolete (I would rather watch a random celebrity tell me their essentials then listen to the same story they already told on another late night show) and because they are extremely sanitized to fit television requirements which has fallen out of favor for the majority of the audience. There’s only so much you can get out of that medium, in a society that only wants to push the envelope.
Never liked Corden but that prank he pulled on David Beckham with the ugly statue was one of the funniest things I've ever seen
a man with groucho marx glasses talking about one of the least interesting forms of entertainment from the US just after the mcu
Wait, television still exists!? TIL
I remember when Colbert was funny.  Now he's unfunny and just insufferable.
Nobody on earth has ever heard of Ziwe. Not one. Not even me.
Jimmy fallon is the only late night host i care about, because it feels like he bucked this trend of being mean to celebrities/disrespecting their boundaries/etc for public fun. A la james cordon or ellen degenerese
"A generation of late night hosts" aka entirely talentless robots who will gladly vomit up whatever the US govt and intelligence agencies tell them to
I do miss production value. We’re just toddlers glued to our devices every second of the day watching home video quality “content”
Super Mario with glasses is giving his opinion on late night shows in this video 😮
Progressive Propaganda...
I have always missed Ferguson but man I would have loved to see his takes on Covid and quarantine life
You only mentioned him one, but what they did with Minhaj was HORRENDUS. I fully belive patriot act was one of the few “talk shows ” that young people actually loves to watch and gen xers could get behind. It was informative, interesting and incredibly funny but of course netflix had to cancel  it because hasan actually called people out on their bs.
I heard "imagine"and i left the room
As someone who isn't American but has spent the last few months falling asleep to Johnny Carson on YouTube every night I can honestly say he was very hit and miss... A lot of miss. And he was a terrible interviewer
I miss Craig so much.
Colbert and meyers are funny, mostly because they mostly are either doing what they did on snl (meyers) or basically just transposed their previous skillset onto a new channel and time slot (colbert) lol. I think theyre both still decent be ause theyve kept their own personalities and interests involved (like colbert is still a giddy nerd and its great lol)
After how good he was on the Colbert report, it’s impossible for me to watch his new show. It’s so meh
I’m done with late night shows because all they talk about is anti Trump or anti Conservatism
I think adding politics to Late Night was so stupid. They can voice their opinions sure, but people took the views of comedians as hard facts and it's just not good. Any celebrity shouldn't be people's go to. It's not their job to do good research, present actual information, or have decent opinions. They're just supposed to be entertaining, it's two worlds apart that I don't think should've mixed the way they did
I wish someone with a foghorn in their car would just slam on it the whole time James did his stupid crosswalk musical
Its very odd how political they have become. Know whats even odder? That they ALL hold the same political views! Weird huh.
The only reason anyone ever watched these shows was because there were only 3 channels. So there were literally no other options
Times... They are a changin.
I stopped watching after most shows opened up with something political. Politics are everywhere, I don't need them to be in late night. I really respect Jimmy Fallon for not caving into the easy "Trump did this today" with a poor Trump impersonation. I don't like Trump but damn I don't wanna hear about him every second of every day especially before bed. I don't need Trump in my dreams.
Glad he didn’t mention that Lilly singh bs 😂😂it was straight hot garbage
Bro your 26? I thought you where in your thirties. You’ve got some manly hair, respect.
Not as many Swedish-Germans in the business anymore. It was bound to take a hit
I didn't even know James Corden had a late show, im an American so just thought he was like a Broadway actor or something who occasionally did that rap skit
I forgot Seth Meyers even had a show....
Craig Ferguson, literally walking circles around James Cordon... 3:39
I think they display way too much bias. Even Johnny Carson made fun of every news story. They all lost me when they lost their shit over DJT being elected. Fallon held out but eventually, he jumped in and I quit watching late night all together…
becoming political was the final nail in the coffin of late night talk shows, you can't take your already dwindling viewer base due to online and then cut that in half (at the very least, probably more like 75% considering most old people are the ones watching TV and they're typically more conservative) and expect to continue being relevant or even profitable.
Late night tv died when Craig Ferguson quit.
Conan seems to be popular with a lot of people but I don't find him funny, at all. Craig Ferguson is absolutely my favorite late night host, Hasan Minhaj a close second (as a host, I'm aware he don't have a late night show).   Trevor Noah is really good too, followed by the old Colbert. Currently Colbert seems to have lost his humor. I quite like Leno as well, I think he is so much more fun to watch. He took back the show because Conan was fired for having shit ratings. I gave Conan's show a shot but he has the humor of a 5 year old.   Conan and Corden tied for last place for me, with Conan boring af and Corden is unlikable.
god I miss Craig Ferguson's Late Late Show so much 😭
YES TO SNL!!! hahaha
Can’t watch any of them. Too leftist.
Miss Craig Ferguson
If youre not super lefty, late night is the most annoying shit on tv
One is British. So was Craig?!
RIP DESUS & MERO
Thanks for not having Colbert on the thumbnail. Keep it for the main course XD
18:33 why does John Oliver look like a special kid getting a puppy?
Connan career ruined lol ya with a 40 million exit package.😊
Just like most people stopped going to Disney….  the place of male princesses
AND the last good season of SNL was the season with Will Farrel.
Letterman was and still is and always will be the king of late night everyone else sucks.
What killed late night is the fact they decided to be partisan hacks
The death of late night came when it was taken over by the Democrat Party and Woke Lefties.  Lefty humor is not funny.  And Lefties cannot make fun of themselves, ever!
Paris Hilton talking about her NFT selection process made me want to commit arson
Well now the Hollywood elite have joined the strike. So now it's okay to be against it lol
Too woke
I only watch Graham Norton and LWT w/ John Oliver
Craig Fergusson and Conan were my absolute favorites. The real tragedy, however, was Stephen Colbert. I used to adore his Colbert Report on Comedy Central. Yet, when he went mainstream, he sold out big time! Now, he is nothing but a corporate and regime mouthpiece for hire.
Get rid of the British James Corden. We don’t want him here
Dont include Conan with all those other suckholes.
Colbert on the Colbert report was simply brilliant. I often times miss that show and how hilarious and satirical it was. I wish it would’ve been around for the Trump presidency
8:21 as someone who lives with someone with misophonia and has BOURDERLINE VIOLENT reactions.  Don't do that
The only late night show i watch is Kimmel only because he has a ton of bands i like on the show, and i end up watching those performances on youtube anyways.
you totally misrepresented the Jay Leno situation. generic opinion of it
Bro. Where is Stephen Colbert tho?!
Love that you filmed yourself buying the suit. You get that tax write off Eddy!
Eddy if you put those flowers in warm water for awhile the closed flowers would be more likely to bloom
I'm 39 and some of my best memories as a teen were staying up at until 11:35 to watch Conan with my mom, while everyone one went to bed. So many laughs. So many great bits and interviews. He really shaped my humor, along with Norm MacDonald hosting weekend update. I'm so stoked to know his humor and presence resonated with a younger generation. Cheers and love to the WGA for all of the belly laughs. Also, fuck @gamerclan2277.
Graham Norton is the best and he is British
More like death of TV🤷‍♂️
Yep I'm 55 and ive stopped watching network TV live , full stop.
Ok I know the Alice Cooper thing isnt the biggest deal to most people but as an autistic person with sensory issues I would've left the fucking room
5:00  there are at least 3 jews in the shot what are you on about mate 😂😂😂
I can't believe its been almost 3 months since the strike. Yikes.
They killed themselves when they took the PC route in order to stay relevant and keep their views up. I say that because people like Jon Stewart are actually out there protesting and speaking in front of committees while Kimmel and Fallon do their virtue signaling dance on TV and that’s all you hear from them
If you actually watch modern late nite television hosts you are the absolute definition of a sheep
Kiss my a$$ for giving two shîts about the color of a host's skin or their gender. I'm so sick of these racist and sexist remarks.
Conan was and still is the best
Marc Maron is aging backwards, truly a miracle
Late night TV? You mean NPC programming session?
Late night TV died when Craig Ferguson quit.
I agree with you on Late Night dying and Corden being an ass that no one likes,  i disagree that Colbert is smart, Seth was funny and good at his job. And the beginning of the end for late night was the switch to politics. Edit: Noah smart? that was one of the funniest jokes in the video.
The Tonight Show, AND late night, in general, died the day they screwed over Conan O'Brien. Period. End of story.
We need more people with a platform bringing up the writers strike my man, its awful how badly they're compensated for the work they do.
honestly letterman just handed his show to a younger version of him
I've been lucky enough to go to the filming of three late night shows: Trevor Noah, Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers. At the time, I was a big Trevor Noah fan, but being in the studio with the different hosts changed my mind. Seth was the best host who actually cared about his audience. He spent the most time talking and answering audience questions and the warmth that he had for his audience felt really genuine. I wasn't a big fan of his before, but after that experience, he rose to the top for me.
19:50 who watches tv
Sorry I got to Paris Hilton and dozed off.
: James Cordon.
Idk what your problem is, I think late night TV is great. Lots of excellent political commentary & satire.
I really like how much you poke at James Corden. No one likes his comedy 😂
Maybe its an unpopular opinion, but aside from Conan, I think they're all a bunch of empty-headed drones with nothing to say beyond what the network allows them to. Identical opinions, identical talking points, identical jokes, identical frauds. That's why late night is dead. No one attached to a network has anything interesting or unique to say. And if you ask me, that's why cable as a whole is dead. If I want to look at an empty suit, I can go to a mall.
I’d love to but I live in the U.K.  please show it in the U.K. and I’d love to watch it!
A Closer Look is SO consistently gooood...I mean, I haven't watched it 3+ years but yeah, great times 😅
Stephen Colbert mocks God too much for me but I enjoyed him since The Daily Show.
Jon Stewart was my fave.
1:17 Shes talking about it like she’s never seen it before.
See this is so funny because I literally haven't watched actual tv for like 8 years now. Like you couldn't pay me to pay for cable.
Is there a reason you barely mention John Oliver? Did he get canceled? What did he do......?
The questions from the audience.  Thanks Carol Burnett.
I’m extremely bad at names. I know the person and their history. A handicap. But it hurst people
All of the new late night show’s host steven Colbert is probably one of my favorite
Okay so at roughly 4 minutes 37 seconds you make reference to I won't tend to put thoughts or words in your mind or your mouth but suggesting why people might have been surprised the Jay Leno came back or something to do with Conan O'Brien. Primarily in my generation's mind is because Conan O'Brien is not funny. I won't be rooted to say the guys an idiot have you met him once he's quite a enduring friendly guy. And probably tall for a so-called Irishman. Just because he has red hair it does as the son of an Irish immigrant bug the heck of me the electric call himself Irish so much. He's not from Ireland I don't think he's even been able to trace that many roots back there. But just because he has red hair he thinks he's the ultimate Irish man. Sorry. Boring. Lame. Anyway in reference to your video here or rather I would have posted on it but it didn't have comments again LOL on The Late Night people very few people out there nowadays are remotely funny you suggested Myers Seth Meyers he's drier than a beach towel in the middle of Palm Springs this time of year. I don't understand what's funny about him James Gordon that British tubalard has some good skits because he always thought he was a theater buff. But I think he bought out when he did because he knew he just didn't have any more. As far as Stephen Colbert the guy's a jerk. And if you haven't figured out yet what I'm suggesting is all number of these jackasses have nothing but hate in their heart for a former president wait so do I more or less. I don't care about the last president. But I don't love the fact that every comedian or more or less everyone in Hollywood seem to have thought for a period of time that it was so I don't know passé and awesome to just do nothing but degrade the president and make fun of him. But somehow now with the new guy no one bothers. And you want to wonder why late night isn't a great thing anymore. Because again people can just watch whatever they want whenever they want without staying up late at night anymore?   Okay and sir, bro whatever you want to call yourself. You said you're what 27? And the lovely looking unshaved kind of sort of beard look with the long hair and glasses is really a look at going for? No disrespect but you might have been off being like some of the YouTube people who just narrate behind a screen and don't show their face? Oh I'm sorry could I be coming off as a jerk. No problem not really worried about it. Seemed like a sincere guy you probably like what you do. But even your narration holding the microphone for some reason it doesn't appear to be 100% in sync I'm not sure what's wrong with your editing. You just don't really come off as a YouTuber that was necessary. You're not really making videos but anything else that anyone else couldn't have done already or that was really necessary. I wish you all the best God bless - -  Okay so under the guise of I guess is the phrase or topic of TMI or nobody asked you who cares I'm going to put out here anyway. Looks like as I was writing this and almost sent it to myself. To say to you later. I then found it you appear to have gone on another minor very small mind you rant about the current Riders Guild strike and what was me how you feel that they should be felt sorry for because they're not just big fancy executive. In a world where I'm fairly sure that if you write for a big name show you probably still making something more money than I ever have or in the foreseeable future probably ever will? No I'm not going to feel sorry for them.
I haven’t watched a late night show since Craig Ferguson retired. Most of the crowd that’s still on the air are what I’d describe as punchable, particularly Cordon and Fallon. (I watched Letterman in the 80s and Conan in the 90s.)
It’s TV that is dead, NOT YouTube!  I miss Kimmel, I look forward the most.  2nd Trevor.  YouTube Latenight if this is bull discourse.  I miss Kimmel!  Funny!
Kimmel is the best!
5:00 except for Trevor Noah, who is of course, a South African immigrant like Musk.
James Cordon absolutely sucks. I hate that he’s found the fame that he has. It’s so clear that he’s in it for himself only and doesn’t care about anyone he works with.
Im sorry but Colbert was never funny
Conan's Late Nite on NBC late 90s through late 2000s to me was the most hilarious, self-deprecating, down to earth late show. They made the most WTF characters and skits under the excuse that no one was watching that late. You could tell they did whatever they wanted and laughed at themselves if the props looked cheap and hilariously underfunded. They constantly made a mockery of late night comedy standards and I loved it.
Does every popular youtuber need to have a dumb "clothing company"? Such a grift to bleed their sycophants!
Seth totally did that knowing the names of workers bit bcuz of that chubby Brit guy.
TV is a thing of the past. The average American is no longer a couch potato. Most of them spend all of their time working and skipping sleep to catch up on their lives because they have to work so much just to keep up with rent or afford healthcare. And the maybe one day they get off work is when they use streaming/on demand to catch up on everything. But theyre not watching it on TV anymore. We just dont have the time to sit down and watch it.
No clue who you are but i loved many of Cordons skits and having withdrawal symptoms from the loss of Trevor Noah.  If it hadn’t been for Colbert never saying the former guys name I’d be wiping oatmeal from my chin.  Gimme those latenight legends (as soon as the writers get what they deserve) 😉
Throw on top the writer and actor strikes...🔥🔥🔥✊
Stephen Colbert is the only one worth the show
Quarantine was THE BEST THING to ever happen to late night shows. no more applause breaks for the crowd. screw that crowd of like 150 people its the millions watching at home you need to cater to. the broadcasts from home or an empty studio was the BEST.
Neutral on Kimmel?! He's more hateable than hate!
The NEW Generation-- AKA The WOKE Generation of Hosts!
How has Paris Hilton not died yet, by forgetting how to breathe?
TGID! (Thank God It's Dead)
everytime I catch reruns of steven when i walk into the kitchen he is just always fucking talking about trump and its like if you where still doing your satire show you would be joking about more then just trump the bad parts of the republicans is far worse then trump and can be a lot more funny since trump is impossible to make fun of other then his silly look he is just too much of a showman and you just add to him
I will die on the hill that if Craig Ferguson was given the Tonight Show or Conan wasn't completely gipped by Jay Leno. Late Night would still be big  Conan was basically the only reason people watched these shows anymore after Leno and Craig Ferguson is the most underutilized performer in that entire scene. His interviews with Robin Williams are legendary.
Seth meyers is talentless.  Eddie has terrible taste.
Very much in awe of Trevor Noah,  quite fond of Papa Mochi, and sorely missing Conan and Guillermo.
One lste dhow and one late show is the one that i watch, the late night show with karim musa.
Here in the UK, we are lucky; we only get a couple of these late-night shows on a Friday night. It's not a thing here. Cordon left the UK because he was so disliked. Then reappeared every now and again on UK TV to remind us that “he was a star” in America, making him even more despised. The great pity from the point of view of the British is he has returned to the UK to try and remind us who he is.
do you, like, have a contract where once per episode you have to do a bit where you get suddenly mesmerized by some mediocre or shitty thing? corden, rainforest cafe gorillas, jimmy buffett......like it was funny but cmon innovate
Big Trevor Noah fan here, best interviewer and Best quarantine show
The yikes thing is a self aware joke right? If not this guy is pretty reddit
Why didn’t you mention the best and more popular Greg Gutfield?
Colbert is the worse and very hateful person, and not funny at all!!
Fallon is fine except when he’s talking or doing jokes about politics! Not funny. Colbert isn’t funny at all
Geez... I didn't know about Colbert losing his father and his brothers in a plane crash...
Bish, JON STEWART started the questions thing at the Daily Show. Colbert took it to the Report, then the LS. Trevor kept it up because it was tradition.
a little context about the clip at 17:55: anderson cooper get choked up because he also lost his dad and his brother at a young age
Steve Allen, Jack Paar, and Johnny Carson were intelligent, well-read hosts who could actually talk about real things and interact with intelligent guests, while also allowing comics, etc room to do their thing...they saw their potential audience as being America, while Letterman and those who followed have gone after particular groups such as college students...they might be good at what they do but what they do does not appeal to the average person.
I think conan got shafted, but i wonder what his take on it is now.  Yes fallon has had a long run, but conan was given the opportunity to try his own ideas and adjust to the change in audience habits on his own terms.
I saw a taping of James Corden and there was a moment where he seemed to lose his cool, and then did a reshoot of some segue or such.   Contrast to Conan, who I saw the same week on his Conan show, who spoke directly to the audience at the end of the show. He was just a class act on his show.  I’m glad Conan’s legacy will be that he’s spoken of so positively by all who’ve worked with him though!
if james corden stood on the hood of my fucking car I don't think his kids would have a father anymore
We’re going to gloss over the vaccine song from Colbert? Sponsored by Pfizer, of course.
Failed to even mention one of the reasons late night tv might of flopped is how far left wing they’ve all become and people might also be tired of that
I always watched Craig Ferguson when I could.  Where most hosts felt like company men, he was a bit more unfiltered.
Im related to Higgins and I still dont watch jimmy Fallon
Conan O’Brien is the only likeable late night host.
I'm just surprised people your age watch cable TV at all. I cut the cord when you were 12.
7:00 god, he sucks. Kelly Clarkson is the total opposite of this
Conan and Craig Ferguson were the only 2 worth watching.
I hate when late night shows try to push their personal political views on their platform. Last time i ever watched Fallon. Is when he said if trump won the 2016 election, the u.s. would have a facist as our sitting president. Never looked back. Its so bias how they all push the democrats agenda. I couldn't stomach it anymore.  Mind you i dont care where your political alliances are. I just dont wanna hear about it. Especially on a show where celebrities come on to promote a project and answer pre screened, softball standard questions
Imagine being late for work because James is blocking the road 😂😂
"And then destroy Conans career for a year or 2" Man a crazy time in life that was. I'll never forget the "way less money" joke on Conan's joining TBS announcement
Eddie's unwillingness to admit the 2016 trend of late night lienating half the country with the same surface-level dogwater observations of politics is disappointing to say the least. I understand wanting to explore the less subjective reasons, but virtually everyone I know who tuned out long ago made that their primary reason.
I think the primary thing that sunk late night tv is the fact the hosts became hyper political and routinely shit on half the country. That’s why I stopped watching and everyone I talk to says the same.
23:03 *ZIP
Yes!!
15:55 "Fallon wasn't equipped for the 'political change' of late night" It wasn't a political change it was picking one side. Turns out that partisan clowns constantly saying 'orange man bad" didn't go so well for late night...
Thank god I fucking hate late night tv.
I mean your main point is that late night TV took a nose dive about five to ten years ago for several factors. The main reason being that it isn't as good as it used to be. Then you say that the writers deserve to be paid MORE? For doing a worse job than they used to??? They sold a cheaper product and couldn't keep up with the times. Get a new job they're NOT THAT GOOD.
I think falon is the only one I like these days, even though I watch none of them like at all. Also I barely know half these people...   I also had a jimmy kimmel phase for a bit a few years ago but we don't talk about that  Edit: I have no clue what conan o'brien does but he seems cool to me as well
I didn't know the crosswalk thing was something he does more, i only know the rat thing, this is actually a cool idea tbh!
Why do you talk so slow, do you have a brain injury? Had to put playback speed at 2x to even watch this.
I watch reruns of The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson.
Not here!! not me. I quit TV including all of cable TV.. I miss the news and the History Channel.
The clapping when they present the NFT😭💀🤦‍♀️
Late night TV died when Craig went off the air.
I haven't watched anything late night since Craig Ferguson was on Late Late Show. Which is pretty much eons ago now.
I don't watch any TV soooo.
Colbert still has loads of very deep, profound, masterful sarcasm even though he doesn't do Report anymore. Shucks, I reckon he's like Mark Twain, Jr.
I was with ya until Seth Myers I thought he was the worst by far except Corden but that’s a special case
I just remember James Corden from Doctor Who
Seth is my favourite and he’s also the cutest ❤
Do people still watch TV?
I loved Craig Ferguson and I loved Conan. With them both gone, I don't know why I'd bother with late night now. The rest are pretty terrible.
Currentt writers' strike might the final nail in the coffin.
I never really liked any of the late night shows. Maybe Conan a bit. The one time I actually started to enjoy one of these shows, was when Craig Ferguson was hosting the late late show. For some reason his show just clicked with me. Unfortunately I started watching his show like a month before he was getting replaced. Needless to say. I had a pretty big dislike of James Cordon from the very start. Years later I feel justified in that dislike seeing how his reputation has gone in the toilet.
I have never seen one of his car singing videos and I will judge whoever made that a popular thing
I miss Craig Ferguson... He was the last actually funny host. Even Conan got stale as hell...
My only criteria is how funny the jokes are on the monologue (seen on Youtube.  I haven't watched TV in decades).   So....the winner is (obviously)......Jimmy Kimmel.
Letterman always spoke with the audience before the tapings. Trevor didn't start that thing.
Life without the late night monologues (during the strike) is not great. By which I mean, watching Kimmel, Cobert and Meyers every morning on YouTube.
I stopped watching cable TV deliberately after Wendy Williams got replaced
14:18 I did not need the reminder of this torture.
I haven’t watched yet but if there’s any Conan or Craig Ferguson slander in this video I’m going to be very upset.
love you for the WGA shoutout . i've got family and work associates in both the business and the guild itself . we appreciate you !
As a Brit, I can say that we hated Corden long before he went on US TV
Eddy you don't get that people despise everyone in Hollywood because many act holier than thou and the average person will celebrate them getting fucked by the billionaires like everyone else has been.
THE GUTFIELD EFFECT!!!!
I have to say, the trump presidency made Late Night shows unbearable. I was so tired of hearing his name every day
you skipped over jimmy tussling trumps hair like he was a little boy
I love your mustache. The video too! But your mustache… pretty magical
good riddance
Trevor Noah was the best
Conan love ❤
I watch conan in the 90's he is and always will be my fav host.
For me it was because they shifted heavily to political comedy which is very opinion oriented and normally they only serve one side. They will make fun of orange man for hours but old ded man reanimated and made president gets no jokes.
Hearing a 26 year old try and describe the 60+ year institution of late night television and how it has changed with shifts in the medium while his point of view is like "way back in 2010" is goddamn hilarious. You're telling us all about how you got hooked on Conan after he went to *TBS*? Sweetheart, just no.
TDS and alternatives to their narratives(now known as lies) destroyed the late nightshows. As soon as the cow was gone the milk soured.
I don't see why it is that discussion worthy. I listened to it, but I'm not seeing it. Shows should publish in the formats of the most common household video playing devices. That changes over time. Right now there is 3 really widespread video watching formats, televisions, desktop computers, mobile devices. Each one has pros/cons to leverage. I think the current setup of filming a scheduled TV broadcast and then editing it for publishing on other formats is sensible and will last for some time.
And now here the sag is protesting for a higher percentage of residuals. That's like me building a house and selling it. Then expecting a yearly payment for having done the job, just because someone is still using that house. No, the companies that produce the physical media, that costs money, deserve to make money from those physical discs and whatever else. That's why they make residuals. Writers are greedy and want more of that money. The average writer in Hollywood makes 120k a year. Which isn't much in California. But they're literally writers, their job can be done anywhere. Zoom group calls for meetings and brainstorming and so on. They should move if they want more spending power.
The problem with modern late night is that it no longer has bill Clinton playing heartbreak hotel on tenor sax as an election move (that succeeded). Beyond that, the best moment in modern late night was when jimmy Fallon had on Matt and Trey from South Park while he annoyed the shit out of Trey while Matt laughed at his friend being annoyed. Unintentionally gold.
I'm not surprised about the James Corden stuff. I know a guy who was roommates with a girl in the UK who worked for him, she said he was the rudest guy she'd ever met. He'd just be yelling at people on set, but it was all smiles on camera. Weird
I don’t give any of those places my time. Not one second. I’d rather watch Carson reruns.  You lost me on the stupid crosswalk bit. I disagree. People did not want to see these clowns going after politics in the manner they went about it.
Is it just me, or is your audio not really synced with your face? its very slight, but I found it distracting
Late night died after conan left
You’re 26.  That’s crazy.  You look at least 10 years older.
Nope, on average, writers make $38 hourly
Colbert's audience q&a's are always a treat. He's so much better when he's off script and being authentic
conan remains a talk show GOAT in my opinion. and while i can get that colbert might not be for everyone, i used to watch his monologue's every day while i ate lunch in college. that all being said, it really does suck that late night talk shows are dying and while conan's podcast is a cool way to adapt to changing times, it's still no the same.
Jimmy Fallon was always my favorite of all these hosts, his personality made the show actually entertaining
Jimmy Kimmel also did blackface and made women “feel what’s in his pants” as tv entertainment. So yeah. There’s that.
It’s not really a mystery why late night tv is dead. What screen are you looking at at 11:30pm (10:30 central)? If you’re under 70 it’s probably not the tv screen.
I am 36, and my parents watched late night TV as long as I can remember. Some of my earliest TV memories were of letterman doing top 10 lists. They're conservative, and the 2016 shift into political comedy just got them to stop watching all together. So maybe it retained younger viewers. But it definitely cost them older ones. Now, instead of switching to some form of late night, they just turn off the TV after the 11pm news is over.
26? 🤔
Wedding season and Eddy needed a good reason to write off a nice suit. We salute you 🫡
Gat this man a late night show rn.
jus4 another wannbe
I grew up watching Conan as a kid into my teens.  Watching the decline of late night is heartbreaking.  Especially with Leno/NBC screwing over Conan.   Every now and then I'll binge watch Conan remotes to remember the good times.
Does this explain why Late Night on You Tube for the Majors hasn’t been happening for the last few months?
Your 26? I thought you were in your mid 30s! Fuck, I'm old 🫠
Conan is the best one no cap
jimmy fallon has always sucked
Because of the title of this video, each of these feel like eulogies for the hosts
Corden looks like a stale biscuit
I don't like any of the current American hosts much although Seth Myers is definitely the best. Graham Norton has a much more entertaining format though.
Really this guy is 26, he looks like he is 50 🤣🤣🤣
This made me very nostalgic.
The new great interview shows involve food: Hot Ones by First We Feast and Last Meals by Mythical Kitchen.
Calling half your audience racist, I'm sure, was a smart idea.
Conan is the best♥️
I'll be real, every single man in this video was the same person in my brain
I made the mistake of eating while watching Conan and got chili up my nose while laughing. It was very painful ofc but I can't be mad, he's a comedic genius
the simple fact is this: Johnny Carson was the show.
As someone who couldn’t live without cable tv my whole life, once I got my own place and couldn’t afford cable at the time, I haven’t watched anything cable or live going on maybe 3-4 years now. I only watch YT and a little netflix
David Lettermen and Conan are my faves. I also enjoyed Arsenio Hall.
Man I miss Jon Steward
The hopscotch is a poetic addition even if it was just on the fly. Makes me think of Conan's opening skit to his career on Late Night
Jimmy fallon is actually pretty funny
I'm sorry but you lost me at when you said anything James Corden does was remotely funny.
I liked Conan because he had a genuine respect for video games, rather than just viewing them as kiddie shit.
see Lili Singh on what happens when u dont typecast
It's true of all shows.
Conan was the only one for me, no one ever got close to him, he's an outstanding compassionate human being and imo one of the top 5 comedians and entertainers that ever lived. You can throw ANY situation at him and he will make it work and make it funny. He was a legend to his staff, and extremely compassionate.
Gutfeld I think is rising in the ratings because the late night shows are just too derivative now
Late Night just became the Baseball of Network TV. A formerly ubiquitous cultural fixture that is now "Oh yeah, remember when everyone was crazy about it?"
Carson was the best.  Kimmel killed it by turning it political. Even though he got his start in the business by sexually harassing women and making a show of it.
Conan is an absolute legend, but I am watching old episodes of Craig Ferguson's show every night at the moment, they're just on another level for me.
Their political bias is the main reason why they failed. 😏
The fact that Eddie forgot to plug his own merch bcs of how passionate abt the topic he filmed.. He is truly a top tier youtuber
Jimmy Kimmel is my personal fav mostly for the fact that he’s trying to get sued by these influential people mostly politicians since he has the Disney lawyers behind him. You lost me at Seth Meyers. He’s literally my least fav and I find him completely unfunny. I honestly don’t know why he’s still on air
I’m sorry but James he’s getting lavish with a whole bunch of unearned praise here. Maybe because he’s still in the closet is why he irritates me so much I could care less if he’s gay, but he could at least be honest about it.
I can’t believe that James Corden is America’s favorite. I’d have to see the numbers.
Are you really trying to be woke in this
Novel idea: Have interesting guests and a good interviewer.  Duh!
Orange man bad overload since 2015
Conan is a long favourite of mine! He is amazing!
Well Eddy you look like a 50 yrs uncle / hippie…shocked to know you only late 20’s? :D
After Craig Ferguson left, I gave up on late night.  It's formulaic and lost what made it funny.
One was already British. Theo e cordon replaced. So…
people still watch tv?
They fired all the funny Black Men from late night. There was only one.
Are you kidding?  With that double strike going on, ALL of TV is dieing!
I was scrolling in the comments section to see any Conan fans, and I was not dissapointed. I really love Conan and Team Coco.❣️
All I know is Kramer's place is going to be fabulous.
Let's face it: The internet is killing network TV. Wether that's good or bad, it's happening. So it makes sense that with the approaching death of network TV, its staples, like late night shows, are also dying.
I never watch a single Network show.....just a small amount of Football on occasion   .
Today I learnt Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon are two different people.
Letterman and O'Brien just left too great shoes to fill.
The Paris Hilton thing made me want to die.
No late night TV.  I want to laugh not get a woke lecture by idiots who used to be comediennes.
Craig Ferguson's show was the best ever. How every women and host had a great banter every show.
Hey eddy, just found your channel. All i gotta say, i like the stache
I miss johnny carson tonight show.
UNBEARBLE SHIT: trevor, seth, colbert, corden, oliver BARELY TOLERABLE: Fallon, Kimmel GOLDEN : Conan, Craig
Comedians have become incredibly Woke over the past 10 or so years. It appears to be a trend that has no end.
James Corden is married? Wut.
Conan and Letterman. Nobody else comes close.
Gutfeld
I agree that the crowd you list up are fatuous numbnuts, and that the ritual of daily Television is beyond belief.  Do you think it has to do with them and I suspect most of their writers being USers ?
Damn I never even saw that clip of James Corden with the balloons (8:20). Made me hate him even more😂Phobias are not to be played with, no matter how weird or funny it may sound to you. My sister has a phobia of snakes from a bad childhood experience and will start hyperventilating if she sees one in real life. It used to be even in movies or TV but she went to therapy and can control it now, but still has to close her eyes. Seeing James just rub the balloons in the dudes face after he said he had a phobia of it pissed me tf off
craig ferguson greatest talk show host ever
Conan was/ is the best. He was wronged so badly and yet came back, I believe, stronger than ever. He was the GOAT.
watching late night ages you 14 years. this 40 year old looking man is only 26.
I think I last watched Jimmy Kimmel on an episode when he was speaking to personal assistant Alexa or was it Echo?? Anyway she was wildly laughing and people late at night. 😳. Yikes!  Late night is still entertaining and sometimes a great laugh but I did somewhat drift. Thank you for remind me of how entertaining late night can be and as someone said humanizing again.
No the most political host is john oliver
From all these late night shows, I only watch the clips on here, not tv 📺!! There are too many and way too similar to enjoy all of them, so you watch what you think is interesting or entertaining. After having watched lots if these shows, they still haven't learned how to make it so entertaining, that you would watch every episode. The only ones I still revere, were Jon Stewart from the Daily Show, Conan O'Brien And the best late night show doesn't even come from the US, but from the UK, Graham Norton!! The guests always bring their A-Game, tell funny stories and not much abt politics etc. Just a really fun show, that I still love to watch. Not that I dislike any of the hosts, their programming is very similar imo.
Why do keep banging on about 'being a young person....' What has age got to do with it? I haven't had a TV since 2012, and you were younger than me then, too.
I’d rather watch Late Night TV than this!
Would have been great to see hard numbers - audience declines, ratings declines, advertising declines and subscriber numbers for the new formats like podcasts that the hosts have launched  after leaving late night - it otherwise comes off as one man’s opinion .. I’m left with no context to the decline/ death of late night
I grew up watching Jay Leno. Then as we got older we'd watch Conan. I watched Ferguson in my college years and 20s. I don't watch late night anymore but those glory days of conan in the late 90s early 2000s will always be remembered.
Can’t stand jc. As a Brit I say thank you US for taking him.
Let's be honest Late Night is dead because it became too politically biased, people want to see both sides getting made fun off not just one side. Not to mention most of the newer batch of host are either egomaniacs(Colbert, Noah, Corden), can't think for themselves (Kimmel, Fallon), or just out right boring (Meyers)
I grew up watching jimmy Fallon and Trevor Noah (grades 4/5 maybe is when I started watching them) and let me say they were infact the only reasons why I watched tv. I actually only watched tv just for the daily show up until Trevor Noah left. Some of these shows do hook kids on how their interesting but the industry is sorta dying out
Jimmy Fallon never learned to act and always tried to act. It is so obvious, it's cringe everytime.
I so agree that Colbert and his wife were a great show.   I am, however, older and love him from Dana Carvey and  Strangers w/ Candy, so I love him.  Met him once and he was the most gracious person.   So hopefully, younger viewers will find a way to connect with him.
Rerun of johnny carson tonight show still far far better than the shitty talk show of today.
Johnny Carson was  extremely talented. He was not afraid to feature the guest and their talent. Jimmy Fallon and a few others are too self absorbed to be  successful in the manner in which Johnny Carson was.  Also celebritieswho are guests, are not at all as interesting as they used to be. THEY are not very smart and they don't discuss interesting topics any more.  Yes the writers are on strike. Something big is going on.
He's dead Jim that Man's dead
Bullseye 🎯.  This video really hits the nail on the head.
Their unending Trump Derangement Syndrome wasn't surprising as they are all Democrats, but when I saw each name on the list of visitors to Epstein's Island I knew the real reason. This a holding the evidence were making the decisions. It runs much deeper than we know.
Fallon's decision to avoid politics was the correct decision culturally. Politics has no place in a broad format like Late Night; most people don't want the host to sermonise. Additionally, it only exacerbates the already near omnipresence of the news-cycle. It's not good for your brain.
I was waiting to hear you talk about the obvious politicization of Late Night franchises that has taken place but I was disappointed.
There’s no upper limit to me watching this guy that’ll make me not think his moustache is fake. Even tho I know it’s real
I remember when Conan paid out of his own pocket for his crew for like months. Mad respect for Conan the last G of late night
Gave up cable in 1999
What about fallen rubbing trump's head, hoo boy he suffered for that! Hey entertainers, stay out of politics
Conan and Letterman rule. All the others drool.
Dude you are 26? I thought you are in your 30s.
Sorry but I like to have late-night comedians to help shake out the events of the day.. can't wait till they come back from the strike.
I just got back from vacation, I went to Universal Studios, home of the Race Through New York Ride starring Jimmy Fallon, and while I was waiting in line, I was asking my girlfriend the same thing, "who watches Jimmy Fallon? Who unironically watches The Tonight Show anymore?" and after we got off the ride I was still stunned that Jimmy Fallon is big enough of a figure to have his own ride at Universal. The waiting queue is cool, it's set up like an NBC studio and there's old memorabilia, but the wait time for it wasn't very long. And I think that's just a true testament of how much people just don't care about Late Night TV anymore.
Late Night can be summed up in 2 words: Sh1t Libs  It’s just another cog in manufactured consent  These people are liars, propagandists, and traitors to the people
The late night shows are all scripted and rehearsed.
John Oliver is a comic genius, but I dropped HBO long ago. You have to wonder why Corden & Fallon were ever hired.
This video is irritating. It seems you just like to bash a few people instead of making a point. You just do it longer then needed to make a point. Now stop this nonsence and get a life. Television in general in dead. everybody knows that.
Colbert is a hack. Noah the same. It's dying because the new crew absolutely came in too political. Just like all cable news is dying. The political spectrum killed late night
Being triggered about diversity is so cringe
You would think those late night stars would have had better home setups for quarantine. I've seen twitch streams with zero viewers who had better setups
Conan doesn't belong next to these absolute duds pictured here.. Ew.
I don't disagree. I watched the whole thing collapse as well.    I think we've lost something in the transition.   The pressure to be real, but also perform created a lot of great moments.   Bill Hader's Tom Cruise story, or Norm's moth joke come to mind.   Long live podcasts, but RIP late night.   Thanks for raising a generation. 😂
your really good at these types of videos.
making youtube videos during the strike, kinda makes you a scab. solidarity.
Your moustache 😭 please trim it down 😭😭
James C. Is so annouying
Good Video. Most surprising fact learned from watching this? You're 26!
Where trevor noah at
We have plenty of comics on Tiktok that we can watch before we go to bed. Like mobile phones, were no longer tied to one place or time. Hello, freedom!
Starting to think this host loves Corden. Time to block this channel…
stopped watching when leno left.
And Corbett
I miss kimmel
How can any one be an asshole to Alice Cooper James Corden
Jimmy Fallon: Writers are my world! Also Jimmy Fallon: puts his striking writers on unpaid leave (all Seth Meyers' writers are being paid)
Thumbnail is wrong, why Conan is in there? & why he’s in the background…
I want Colbert back - the rest can retire. FWIW, I like Conan's current gig much more than his stint in the late night seat.
Your comments on Leno are uninformed.
Also pay better attention, the writers are earning less because media is earning less as a whole purely due to wokeness. The writers are at fault for all the wokeness, others too but the writers actually you know, write that crap. The writer strike isn't getting support because we are all done being lectured to at the theater.
Dude your hilarious but your missing huge points here.  James Corden is hated because of his leftist views, the cross walk and restaurant didn't help but its the extreme push of leftism that put everyone off. Also everyone hates Pedro Pascal too, you know since he thinks everyone is racist and out to get him.  America is done with all the leftist crap and we want freedom of speech back.
I cringe when this guy refers to himself as a young person. Looks like he's well into his 40s.
what people often forget is that there’s a huge part of the country that’s ‘offline’, as in disconnected from gen z and milenialls on the internet…  something may appear like it’s totally dying decrepit, but that’s only the INTERNET POV. it looks like facebook, netflix, and and tv is totally dead, but in reality there are millions and millions of people still using them and they might even be growing
Nobody is watching these late night “ comedians” because they are a bunch of political hacks!
Jay Leno didn’t ask to come back, NBC asked to come back due to Conan’s low ratings.
I love Paris Hilton struggling to make nft's sound interesting
That mustache is killer 🔥
Man, Colbert is the ONLY good interviewer, gimme a break!
Replace Conan's pic with Stephen Colbert's
James Corden is almost like a poor man's Seth Rogen.
James Corden has a wife ?
I never watched late night tv shows since they were just so boring. They definently have their moments but I would just watch those on youtube for the 1 clip and leave because even that wasn't very funny.
I’m glad Americans like Cordon so much.
I work in live TV that's only on cable... GET THE PACKAGE! lol
Fallon is just so not funny - wasn’t on SNL and is less funny on late night
I am acquainted with only 3 people that would watch late night TV.  I don't consider them my friends due to other reasons but that is a good indicator of their mentality.  They also watched the Kardashians.  I cannot stomach the bowing to wokeness by those "comedians" of the last few years. They're only an extension of the owned news and have a very bad agenda while not being amusing.  Your video is very appealing.
23:45 What kind of bullshit dream is this? What's the matter with people nowadays making movies some kind of religious endeavor?
Are you really making the argument that one of the hosts failed because not enough politics? The whole format has failed because the incredibly biased and unfunny political shit storm in late night TV. That is reason number 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Other reasons for it's current insignificance pale in comparison to the POLITICS.
Fallon is the only late night comedian with any talent. The rest are pissed off no-talent losers.😊
I miss The Opposition with Jordan Klepper and the Jim Jefferies Show, they were the best !!
We need another 4 or 5 Jimmy's to be given a show. Have them all vaguely look like the others. And put them in a block one after the other. That way, if you fall asleep, you will wake up in what you can only assume is a fever dream.
Calling James cordon diet anything is hilarious
Johnny Carson was the best. Just watch the old shows on YT, so much humour, wit and intelligent conversation.
I particularly don’t enjoy Colbert, and it started with his The Office cameos.
not gonna lie - the ending made me nostalgic for the good old days of network tv - it was a magical era.
you are imposing your subjective ideas on us. They all great and intelligent people and that is what young generation lacks. For goodness sake they cannot multiply 3x3x3 ,and France is in Africa.
Yes definitely
All of us old people who have to work all the time (and can''t afford cable) always thought that James Corden was just Andy Richter faking an English accent! Did everyone know he was a different person?
Now we know what happened to Father Guido Sarducci! He assumed the identity of Eddy Burback (whoever he is!)
No one really watches live TV period any more, do they?
The writers in Hollywood are absolutely horrible. They kill everything they touch. I am pro-union but 95% of writers deserve to lose their job due to poor writing.
Johnny Carson was the King, the rest of them are merely pathetic.
Jimmy FAlon was the only good one, I agree.
Once they started their rants about those of us too smart to take the Posin shots, I stopped watching. They all turned poltical.
Actually you’re wrong I do I’m an Australian and I watched Stephen Colbert religiously when he’s on yeah and it’s an ordeal to get it in Australia but we still do so get out of your room and realise that your concept that others don’t watch it wrong problem because you’re shutting so maybe you should turn on the TV if you’ve got one
Eddy please please please drop a new video please
James Corden’s wife ordered an egg yolk omelette and was unhappy with the results, so she sent it back 3 times. Is it a keto thing? I had never heard of an egg yolk omelette before and regret googling it. James is pretty unlikeable so he achieved his goal
Only one I watch is John Oliver but that feels different in a way
I like how everyone is defending Conan And I'm all for it
So when are we going to talk about Graham Norton?
I can't stand late night tv. Nobody knows how to do an interview. The worst is Fallon and his stupid skits.   I never made it more than 5 minutes of him.
Now that we can actually see what celebrities are really like, we don’t want to see them at all.
Conan is sooooooooo funny.
Jimmy isn’t funny.
Leave Conan alone
Conan is GOAT! The rest are just eating conan's dust.  Edit:  Had to include graham and craig. Their shows are great too.
I don't have a tv!
CONAN is the king. ❤
FYI you're not a young person
Comedy wasteland
Ahhhhhh..... Did I hear you describe yourself as a "young person", unless the definition of young has changed, I don't think so. You look about 30, that's not young.
Does Jon Oliver count as late night?
Just happened on this video. Wow, it is good. Legitimately insightful and thoughtful. Eddy you are talented! Keep up the very good work!!!
Per James Cordon. If you want to know what a person's like, take a good look at how they treat inferiors, not equals.
I really liked @midnight..... times change. When I first watched latenight (was allowed) it was Carson, the market place has changed just a tad.
I never watch this stuff anymore. Too much politics.
Wait. So, James Cordon caused the fall of the entire Late Nite genre as he ended his show, just because he knew everyone in the business hated him? Respect! 👏 👏 👏
Nah Trevor Noah and Jim cordon are terrible.
Im for the writers strike to continue, the writing in shows suuuuuuuuck.
Seth Mayer sucks. His jokes are not funny. Yes it’s my opinion. But I do love jimmy Fallon (without politics), Stephan (with politics), and Kimmel (not so much anymore). Enough about these, main thing is Conan O’Brien is a legend.
TV is just cringe.
The writing on late night TV is better than ever. And network ratings are problematic. Do people even watch network TV? I haven't owned a TV for over 10 years.
Conan is the only comedian out of all the names mentioned just now. Truly a legend and the best. My respect to him.
I remember my grandma watching Johnny Carson every weeknight like clockwork. I used to love summers when I could stay up and watch with her. I don't remember that much, but it's a favorite memory.
Till this day I was thinking Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel shows are the same.
If John Stewart had a show I would. Personally I feel like so many hosts just don't have the charisma without their writers or studio audiences.
Trevor Noah was the only gems of the new format but not sure he qualifies as late night
gutfeld started in early april of 2021 and within eight weeks he owned the ratings for late night tv................cable or network.
I haven't watched late night since Leno and NBC screwed over Conan.
Late night network shows, ranked:  1.  Conan on NBC 2.  Letterman on NBC 3.  Ferguson on CBS 4.  Carson 5.  Letterman on CBS 6.  Myers on NBC 7.  Fallon on NBC at 12:30/11:30 central 8.  Arsenio 9.  Kimmel (just want to point out that all of the above are/were AMAZING shows) 10.  Colbert (who I loved on Comedy Central) 11.  Fallon on NBC at 11:30/10:30 central 12.  Leno 13.  Corden  Am I forgetting anyone?  I think it's really interesting that almost everyone who was really good was really good at a later time slot, with less money.  No one who moved to an earlier time slot stayed the same or got better.  And for everyone that says Fallon sucks, his later show was actually really great.
I'm against both the Hollywood Elite/Producers as well as the Writers. Over the last four years we saw the golden age of Streaming and Premium On Demand Television. So what did we get? Some of the laziest most boring shows made, also almost all these people kept their jobs during the Pandemic while most of America suffered. I have zero sympathy for the Writers or the Producers, I just hope that a ton of obviously bad employees lose their jobs; and never get to work again. They can learn to Code or go to Trade School. F all of Hollywood, including the Writers (except for the good Writers, they'll ironically get way richer after all this).
If I wanted liberal propaganda I'd watch CNN instead.
Conan O'Brien has done a great job of painting Jay Leno as the villain who "took" the Tonight Show back. He always conveniently omits the fact that ratings were in the toilet, the worst in the history of the Tonight Show with him as host.
When Joe Biden was inaugurated, Colbert suddenly had no material for his monologues, and I tuned out.  I'm 60. I watch a lot of YouTube, and stream tv from the 1980s through the 2010s. I did watch the first and third seasons of Star Trek Picard. I have a cable package so I can watch sports, but usually stream sports instead.  I have a brother-in-law in VFX, but other than him, the writers' strike has zero effect on me or my habits. The quality of TV is why I don't watch it.
Eh.... James Corden, a Brit, replaced Craig Ferguson, a Brit - all be it an ex-poo at-Scot.
27 minutes and not a mention of political divisiveness, like Fallon catching grief for playing with Trump's hair or zero jokes about Biden.  Sure, times they are a changin... 🙄
Why eddy change profile from Luigi eddy? I love Luigi edy!
Greg Gutfeld is the King of Late Night now!!
the era of tv ended with the first generation that started swiping screens in diapers, the brains of younger folks are able to, no require, multiple inputs at the same time. I think the question is not in late night dead but is format of tv production dead, being replaced by podcasts and reaction videos
Jimmy Kimmel has to be the worst of the lot, his show should be titled "Late Night Narratives by JImmy Kimmel". The man lives a sorry life under a rock, staring at everything and everyone from his lousy woke political lens. Also, he's NOT funny.
So what I'm getting from this is you're young and Late Nite TV is dead? K.
Today's youth is depressing when you actually think Trevor Noah is intelligent or funny.
The lame one sided politics(Kimmel, colbert )non jokes turned me off…
You're 26?!?!?! Brah...52...brah
I find Colbert and Meyers to be the worst of them all. Don't get me wrong, they are very smart and can be very funny and entertaining in general, but their political bias and the way they force it on us is disgusting. I can even stand Trevor Noah and his ridiculous political opinions, but Colbert and Meyers are a no-no for me.
All these Talkshows had it coming. They`ve been doing nothing for years, but dragging Trump and his Family through the gutter...........year after year after year.....................goodbye and good riddance to all of them 🤮
thought this was about why the late night tv died, not an intro to every host, if doing so, would have been nice to talk why every show is doing poorly rather than the hosts.
Can't believe I didn't notice until half way through that you are Marc Maron
Conan is goated
Letterman was the last one
its probably cuz these people are so unfunny no one wants to watch them. no joke. literally. conan was the only funny one, and he was screwed over.
Please please please I don’t want to see Ryan Seacrest is the new host  for James Corden. It’s bad enough he’s going to be hosting wheel of fortune in a few months. I do love Ryan Seacrest a lot but… There’s too much of him on TV.   It took many many months for me to really like and appreciate James Corden. He can act, he can sing, he can dance, he can write comedy, he’s quickwitted etc. I miss you James.😢
I channel surf.  I do miss Johnny Carson!  I was sleep deprived when I went to school Monday through Friday because I watch Johnny Carson Monday through Friday. I can still hear my mother yelling… Go to bed you have school tomorrow… Go to bed! 😮 😂😂😂
After Craig ferguson, and David Letterman. No way.
A quick Google search tells me that Jimmy Kimmel gets 1.6 million viewers per show for the '22-'23 season. Other shows will be just as easy to look up. Which is why I have to ask: Why do you start a video with such a fucking stupid question?
cause it is always political on late night show. we are tired of show that is political and piss off 50% of the population. Rather watch  craig ferguson than the rest of the unfunny guys.
19:16 the sound got out of sync here
Ellen and Cordon should work together.  Not on TV or anything, maybe in some office creating email spam or something.
Conan, legend obviously.. but Seth Meyers Corrections is my jam
I just realized that I though that Fallon and Kimmel were the same person. Both of them Fallon.
Why do you look like every 30+ year old millenial who lives in an unaffordable apartment on a media marketing salary?
Craig Ferguson is one of the best or the best.......
Even back in the Carson days, most people just watched the monologue and the first guest and then went to bed.
This video: "I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. I'm a young person. Late night TV is dead."
Another Dude holding a mic.
IMHO there is a over saturation of identical content because Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Seth Myers, Trevor Noah and Samantha Bee (before her show's cancellation) all told the same jokes. I mean nearly identical in substance and tone. It was just the same snarky sarcasm. They were almost completely interchangeable.
Late night TV is dead. It sucks. None of these guys are close to being funny. They are woke activists that have turned more than half the country away from watching them. They’re not well liked - partisan hacks.
You can leave " late night" out of the title. TV has been dying for a long time. Its all the same programs over and over with the same guests. The novelty of stars have deminished since there are many now. So many networks, so many programs, but all copy.each other. There is a reason that series like GoT are such big hits. No stars present almost, new ones are made instead.  I watched Big Brother religiously the first and second season, it was new. Now you have 100 different reality shows because that 1 show was a hit. The quality gets less and less all the time, just to make content. Eveybody has access to a screen and wants to be entertained, this is one of the reasons gaming took over TV broadcasting, unless its shows like GoT.
I watched Stephen colbert for 5 years straight including all the time when Donald trump was president, ngl Colbert did a good job
Never watched nobody but Graigy Ferg. All others are absolutely empty.
Wasn't it all the executives/producers fault for the whole Jay Leno/Conan debacle? Idk if it was entirely Leno's own doing
I can't believe he got actual audio from the Balthazar incident! Just another way Eddy goes above and beyond for his fans 😊
Seth was one of the better ones but then he slowly started turning into Rachel Maddow. I used to hate Falon, till I found out he was an epic drinker then he made total sense.
they went full libtard
1st time I seen corden, he was doing a show from someone's living room, those were fun
The SNL writers sure don't deserve a raise.  If ratings are down will they take a cut?
26year old????? Yo look at least 36
Get woke, go broke!! There, I saved you 27 precious mins!!!
You haven't mention the well known problem of China -- the government is too big for its productivity, and the CCP's huge population of cadres costs a huge portion of the public budget.
I used to watch late night show and even the replays to be entertained, but when they all become so political and got so obsessed and deranged with Trump, I weaned myself from these shows.  The shows become so toxic and nothing but political propaganda mouthpieces.  As an immigrant Canadian watching across the border, I have little interest in US politics, just want to be entertained and then they all went full blast political saying the same thing over and over again.  I know something/somebody  is cooking and it's no longer funny and enjoyable.
RIP Johnny Carson
With Conan you could tell he had a heart of gold. He is a genuine person  As for Colbert, well, he was great in the Colbert Report, but as soon as he moved to the "Late Show" it became just very bland and pretentious. Too scripted and fake. Ironic since his character on the "Colbert Report" was actually fake.
#teamcoco all the way😊👍
Graham Norton is the only one worth watching except for when Conan is on.
17:30 If that wasn't a scripted, aforementioned questioned directed at him.... I imagine he was probably thinking in his head *"Seriously"*
The audience applauded when they saw Paris Hilton's bored ape.
Not late night shows, but I always enjoyed Trevor Noah and John Oliver
Colbert jumped the shark when he tried to torpedo Stewarts joke because of the politics of the channel he was on.
These shows have as much relevance today as the yellowpages.  The audience size is a fraction of what it used to be and the shows have no cultural relevance anymore.  The media landscape has gone online and splintered.
When Conan retired, Late Night was oficially dead. It honestly started with Craig Ferguson, when he retired the ship started to sink
Really good critique on Cobert.
The heavy news commentary is what killed the format for me starting 2016. Late night was for comedy and escapism, not being reminded of how garbage US politics were. Fortunately, Conan avoided politics and he's the only former late night host I still follow. Trevor Noah just made obvious and unfunny woke jokes.
I liked your video as soon as you said James Corden's show is over
Bro is that mustache real???
Rest in piece I less
Somehow this reminds me of Bojack lol
For the first seconds I thought you were dubbed for some reason 😂
It’s not just late night tv, it’s all tv, it’s also movies, sports, music, news. They’re all suffering. The internet gives us unlimited alternatives for how we consume and how we spend our spare time. The days of shared media experiences over the water cooler are probably over.  It seems counterintuitive that something like the internet would divide us, instead of bring us together, but really seems to be the case.
Eddie doesnt like anything does he.
It died with Craig Ferguson
My parents canceled our cable around the time I turned 17 and I honestly couldn’t care less when they did. Tv in general had gotten so annoying
I always HATED James Corden specifically because of his stupid ass crosswalk dancing skit. I’ve never even been in that area but I’d be furious if he did that to me
I can't believe you're 26 yooooo
i don't mind anybody getting rich. i mind getting shat thrown in my face and then being asked to care for the wages of those who either threw it or didn't suggest that might not be the brightest way to do business. you get paid shit? do something else then.
The Jimmy's, Colbert and Seth all had talent and imagination before becoming hosts.  Each of them is terrible at their current jobs.   Cringey, unfunny, alienating and dull.   When I see clips of them online, I'm reminded why cutting the cord was the right move.  They all make subpar tv shows.
Conan is a legend and the last king of Late Night TV
Go woke go broke
I love conan but when he took over for jay the ratings sucked and it scared them so they had jay return for 30mins leading into him and the ratings popped as they expected. Kinda feel bad for Jay bc we all loved conan and we just buried jay when there was more to it
I stopped watching because of politics and corporate shilling! I like funny over pushing a political agenda.
The new Yikes merch is so cool
Lovin the long hair Eddy, lookin fresh as hell
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart was the last time I watched late night religiously.
Conan wasn’t bad, and Kimmel isn’t. The rest wax annoying in varying degree, but the only one I’ll watch is Graham Norton- because he lets his guests TALK.
I dropped cable twenty years ago and I'll never go back.
You're a naturally funny, dude. Just not as funny when you try too hard to be funny.
Also, some people aren't great at remembering names. I'm not. So, what, I'm an asshole if I can't remember the name of some nobody camera man that'll be replaced by AI robots one day? Oh, wait they already are being replaced by remote control automatic video equipment at news stations. No people necessary for that job now. Hollywood is getting the Karma it deserves.
Ya bro, I'm gonna have to disagree about restaurants always sticking up for people with allergies. My wife has food allergies to shell fish. It can kill her, bruh. A restaurant cross contaminated her gyro sandwich with shrimp. They didn't clean the grill between food. The entire time all they did was argue with me while my wife puked her guts up. I had to act fast and take her to the hospital. Another time we went to a taco restaurant. She informed the wait staff about her allergies to shell fish and to cook her food on a separate pan or grill. They absolutely refused. They said that they don't accommodate for allergies. Swear on my grandmother's grave, dude. In reality some restaurants don't give a shit about your allergies.
19:45       he's 26 years old ?!    holy shit, i would have guessed he was 42 years old !.
I mean i have to disagree rather strongly. the ratings really started tanking when the hosts themselves just were not enjoyable. No one wants to sit through an hour program to laugh twice. Literally the last host i thought was good was Craig, and we know how that went. Conan has his moments, and is the best of the "new" generation...but thats one out of ...i have literally lost count, over 10 other hosts though. This isnt even to me a kind of "culture war" thing, though sure several of the current hosts have been alienating half the potential audience(which certainly doesnt help)..even before they started doing that no one i knew, even prior to hot ones existing...did anyone i know regularly watch late night TV. The reason everyone gave was the same, that it was not funny or entertaining. sure they might tune in for a certain celebrity. but every day? no thanks, they are not funny enough on their own to warrant it.   After that sure you can add in factors like youtube and social media drastically altering the landscape, alienation of their audience, etc. Also to further prove the point you talk about clips going viral. WITH youtube pushing them most of them dont break 3m views. any big youtuber crushes their numbers in the same time period, or the occasional and i do mean occasional actual viral video. you have massive marketing, a massive staff, pushed to the forefront of the youtube recommended tab...and can barely scrape a few million views. the problem is the "content" they are producing, not that late night TV itself is doomed.
I can't believe this guy is only 26.
Propaganda isn’t funny. We don’t like being forced to listen to their proselytizing
gooby.
I like to see in Youtube..
Ngl I thought he was older with the mustache
I don't like the political direction they all took. It's not funny to me when they make easy, boring jokes about whatever's going on in Washington. It also feels alienating that they're all clearly biased to one side.
Stephen Colbert isn't funny. Basically, an extension of the Democratic party. Same with Jimmy Kimmel. Probably why they can't get good ratings. If you agree with their political leanings, you may find them funny. I personally don't like being told by modern-day clowns what I should think.
You're 26?
What does Tom Sellek care about late nite TV
It died with Carson, kids.
Writer's strike is dumb. Wages in all industries are a product of supply and demand. The supply has increased, the demand has dropped, wages fall. Simple calculation. Happens to all industries. Best to change with the times.
My issue with late night TV is they all became water carriers for the corporate Democratic Party.   They just aren’t funny. Just pathetic weasels.
Everything good about late night left with Conan
They're all absolutely outdo each other when it comes to being dire. The problem is that they have a pre-requisite for being phony as people trying to create phony conversations/entertainment. As for Corden, he should consider himself lucky if he gets a job in McDonalds!
Stupid content  walking 7 times on the cross walk
Only Conan was any good.. the rest are all corporate losers..
Variety confirmed w/ help from Neilsen's Ratings system compared daily ratings. 2012                                              2022 #1 Leno          10.0 million         #1 Colbert   1.8 million #2 Letterman  8.6 million          #2 Fallon     1.6 million #3 O'Brian       5.2 million           #3 Kimmel  1.4 million #4 Ferguson   1.5 million           #4 Corden   1.2 million #5 Daly            300 thousand     #5 Meyers    710 thousand
Trump Derangement Syndrome finished them off. My 86 year old mother who hates Trump and likes late night hosts, stopped watching because she said that it was Trump, Trump, Trump all the time.
I used to love all those late night shows, but they got so political when Trump came around and it was all so liberal. It went from being comedy to being liberal political attack shows.
Corden is like the Ellen of Late Nights
Late night talk shows have become too politicized for my taste. Even when I agree with those politics, that doesn't mean I want to hear about it. I am sick to death of hearing about Donald Trump.
Late night tv during the Trump presidency is what turned me off of it. Whether or not you agree politically with what they’re saying it was just exhausting to watch people hate on something so much. I think social media played a large role in that as well since you could basically find a political hate opinion from any of them from basically any social media of your choosing. The last thing I want to do at the end of my day when I want I just want to relax is hear about politics. I don’t want to hear about the right. I don’t want to hear about the left. None of it.
By the way nearly everyone in the UK doesn't like James Corden.
Greg gutfeld 👑
I have to remember seeing this that last week tonightbis not what most late night whows are like... im so happy he got that show cause it genuinely feels like we could have lost out on  one of the best comics if hed stuck to standup.
Fallon is a little sweetheart and I love his avoidance of politics. I think the later is the reason he has higher ratings. The rest of them honestly suck. Seemed like all they did was talk about Trump when he was in office and continue to even go this day. Talk about beating a dead horse.
Craig Ferguson is also British
Some good points, but do you want to really admit late night is void of all comedy and full of narrative and propaganda? You make a point about how long-form podcasts are gaining steam. Wonder why? People are tired of being fed “the message”.
Nothing about John oliver?
That green dress is too pretty for such a low quality entertainment venture
Conan is my all time favorite.
I really just hate all of them. Too many of them are copy and paste templates of each other with nothing much different.
Not a big fan of Corden. I really liked the band, tho
😅😅😅 and all these shows are garbage 🗑️
One thing about the decline of Late and late late night is that who the hell who has a job or school in the morning can sit down at midnight on a weeknight and watch an hour+ of TV ?
I don't like James Corden because he isn't funny. He's an ass licker. He also seems to do this thing where he flirts with the males, pretending to be gay. I actually didnt realise he's married with kids for a while.   Colbert and Fallon and Kimmel can all name their crew.
I tend to feel the politicization of the late shows is specifically one of the contributing factors of their demise. they were already long stagnant, but that didn't help. Because you took what was already an extremely insincere highly controlled and scripted format, where you never believed any of the hosts were behind any of their jokes or comments, and have them become obvious political mouthpieces of the network. When people tune in to the late show to have something fun to watch after the day is done, not get more of what was already on tv. It's why Jimmy stayed popular and fairly liked, vs his rivals. His only failing being that his show was already stale and past the format's prime, so he remained on top solely because he was apolitical, but that alone cannot float the show.  at the same time it's impossible to overstate the influence of podcasts, especially people like Joe Rogan. Who can still get super heavy hitting people on his show and instead of mundane safe questions looked over by a team of suits, and limited to the 20 minutes or so before the commercial break, you can have well over an hour of unscripted natural conversation.  I *wanted* to still like late night. I loved Letterman, and Leno, and Craig Ferguson. They were genuinely funny, and they were great at interviewing people. When Letterman, Leno, and Ferguson left, I tried Jimmy and I tried Colbert, but I never found either one funny. ESPECIALLY Colbert. And when he set the trend for becoming ultra political in 2016, it was just too much.  And Corden similarly was never funny nor likeable.  Seth i would argue is the best of the current crop, and ironically the best suited to the current politicized format, since it basically just becomes an extension of the role he played on SNL, which he always did extremely well. but again, I just dont like the heavy focus on politics in late night these days. So I just stopped paying attention. and I figure a lot of people have a similar story of having liked these shows before, but just not liking the current crop of hosts and the style.
i blame Leno for this. If he didnt steal the tonight show from conan, we'd still be watching quality tonight show with conan o brien
The writers strike will not end with anyone happy. What the writers want is impossible for the the networks to provide as it would completely destroy the current system of streaming services. If you want more information there's a great video by a youtuber "Call Me Chato" on the subject.
I feel like John Oliver being the only host left is so funny and perfect. I mean, have you seen that yearbook photo he always uses to advertise himself? He’s just such a whirlwind of an individual and a parody of himself who is absolutely in touch with what the world is like, and it’s perfect. And he’s the only one. He’s the ONLY host. That’s amazing.
“This group was much more diverse because-“ John Oliver is a furry. Oh, you aren’t including him yet. Oh shit okay I’ll save it for later.
Conan, Trevor Noah and John Oliver are the most self aware and clever late night hosts, and Trevor Noah isn’t even doing it anymore now haha.
Loved when you crossed the cross walk!
Conan and Fergie Ferg were the last 2 great late night hosts.  They were at least funny.   But the concept of late night and why it exists.... IMO.... died years ago.  Even while Ferguson and Conan were still on.  All late night was originally was to take a peak behind the curtain of what a celebrity was like..... and for them to pitch their movie, album, comedy show, or whatever product they were pushing.  Since the creation of social media.... we know what celebrities are like personally.... and they're fucking cringe inducing terrible people for the most part.  And the products Hollywood is producing is essentially ideological propaganda for the last 5-10 years.  So.... only the most basic bitches of society find that "entertaining" or enthralling.  The death of late night is the exact same reason why the bona fide movie star died.  People know everything about celebrities... and they're not that great.... and movies have in general - sucked ass for the better part of a decade.  Celebrities are less actors, musicians, comedians, whatever nowadays and more just glorified idiot activists spewing their dumb opinions every opportunity.  Nowadays.... you don't have to be famous to do that bullshit and get attention.  So nowadays celebrities are just famous.... average Joe idiots who pretend to be highly insightful and intelligent because.... they're famous.  As if fame makes one smarter.  They play pretend for a living for fucks sake.... or write songs, seemingly never growing up mentally past the age of 20.  I mean.... look at Tommy Lee or Nikki Sixx from Motley Crue. Those dudes are in their SIXTIES but desperately and pathetically cling to their 20s.  They act incredibly immature, they blatantly obviously due their hair and style their hair to look younger, and dress like they're still in their 20s... maybe 30s.  It's.... sad.  And I'd hate to pick on just then they're just a great example.  Pretty much all celebrities are like this.  They never grow/ mature... on a mental, intellectual level.  They act like they have but their opinions they spew are so simplistic and completely lack forethought and foresight they're the opinion a 20something would have with practically 0 life experience.  Only thing celebrities are seemingly knowledgeable on are..... drugs and plastic surgery.  Because they're glorified junkies and petrified to age so they've had every surgery under the sun to cling desperately to their youth.    The veil on celebrities has been truly lifted thanks to social media and those with brains see celebrities for what they are..... mentally immature, narcissistic - idiots.  Celebrities used to be marveled at.... now I think most with a brain just laugh at them.  Like the dancing monkeys they've chosen to be.... for our entertainment.  But they're entertaining for all the wrong reasons now.... on how pathetic and dumb they are.  Yes there's still the massive sector of society that's equally retarded as celebrities and still idolize them.  I mean... how else would the Kardashians be were they are without such a sector of society.  But a lot of people are just completely turned off by what they entertainment puppets have to say.... or what they even do nowadays.  There is very little luster to traditional entertainment celebrities nowadays to the point I think entrepreneurs have surpassed them in star power.  A sit down interview with Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Tim Cook, etc. Would likely garner more viewers than another interview with.... say.... Tom Cruise.... or Dwayne Johnson.... or Margot Robbie (she's kind of the "it" girl... for her 15 minutes in Hollywood).  The point is... people see celebrities for what they are.... actors who just play pretend for a living. Musicians who act like teens well into their 40s and beyond because they've never had to mature beyond that point in life.  The "mystery" of celebrities is gone.  And the apparent massive mental issues 99% of them have are so much more apparent.  Be it legitimately insane to just being conceited narcissists... that's pretty much a majority of entertainment celebrities.  What rational person would look up to that or be intrigued by that?  Couple that with the reveal of how everyone suspected for YEARS on how Hollywood truly operates to create these "stars" to be true - blow jobs for parts in movies/ shows and likely record contracts - being a "celebrity" is a lot less appealing. I mean hell.... the Kardashians claim to fame was literally a sex tape one had with a flash in the pan rapper.  The narcissistic matriarch of that family turned that seed tape into a billion dollar family enterprise.  Which is cool I guess..... but.... demented.  And outputting for sane people.  Said matriarchs kids are filthy rich now.... but are also filled with more plastic parts tab my 2021 Toyota Camry.  And they all look fucking miserable.  They only hit they appear to have in life is buying shit and their materialism.  Which is.... sad... and pathetic.  If they lost their fame/got "canceled" i bet they all would slip into severe depression and I wouldn't be shocked if I read about one or two of them killing themselves. I feel like 99% of celebrities are on some sort of psych drug for their "depression" and "anxiety."  One obstacle in their life would push them over the edge.  Because most of them are legit fucking mental cases.
I hate Fallon with a passion, he is an unfunny kiss ass who laughs at his own jokes and never lets his interviewees finish a single sentence
Craig Ferguson FTW❤
Team coco on youtube is comedy gold
You're like the James Corden of James Corden
Good riddance James Corden. Gives the Corden name a bad name.
The Golden days where Carson and about the first 10 years of Letterman.  Leno was ok.  Conan O'Brien was good. Nowadays it's horrible.
So good thank you
Conan has always been head and shoulders above the rest. He's organically funny and charming. There's an authentic warmth he has that makes him very likeable. Fallon is the exact opposite.
Dude you're 26?
Miss Jon Stuart
No segment focused on Trevor?
Latenight is just advertising for celebrities. Its rarely that it abouth anything important.
Oh yeah, I forgot the WGA is on strike. Thank god the WGA doesn't have a hold over media like they did in the 07' strike.
My favs are Trevor and Steven but what I got from this video was the shock and horror that you are only 26 years old! Wtf?!?
Me and my Paw used to watch every Episode of Jay Leno. Monday nights were my favorite, he did a segment called headlines. They were some of the only jokes I could understand cause I didn't know the topical shit.
Gutfeld has all the rating and not a single mention of it.
Late night died when it got too political. I always remember Letterman would give Chris Christy a hard time, but it was rare and more like a personal grief because he was in New Jersey. Now they all have an agenda and talk down to you about anything that goes on. I think there is a space for political late night, but from a specialty show. Seth is easily one of the worst, hard to watch. Noah too.
You're the only YouTuber whom I find myself rewatching again and again. 😂❤
9:13 is that a actually some random person’s car?! 😧
Conan ftw… he is actually funny as apposed to the others and clueless gamer is so much fun to watch.. James Cordon really needs to go away
The only one I enjoy is Seth Meyers, and while I don't really watch his whole show (mainly catching stuff on YouTube) out of all of the shows his is the one that I _could_ actually watch all the way through. I just don't care too much about most of the interviews which is why I don't.
He's 26,  WTF? 46 more like.
why was bro apologising that he didn’t plug his merch💀
Left wing nutcases killed late night. Colbert, Kimmel, Fallon, Noah, Stewart etc. people got really tired of their constant left wing cheerleading, with unfunny, unbalanced drivel!!
i like colbert because my dad and i would watch it a lot. and john oliver? idk if he counts but yeah.
For me it all ended when they replaced Stewart with the totally unfunny Trevor Noah. I wasn't a fan of late shows also, maybe some parts of Conan were good.
graham norton has been the king of talk shows for 25 years.
Haven't regularly watched since Craig Ferguson left the Late Late Show.
and nothing of value was lost
how tf do ppl watch this shit
Remember when Josh Radnor helped Obama to do TPP propaganda?
18:37- YOU hate Conservative people too like Seth does?
Go back like 6-7 years when letterman was still on the late show and Craig Ferguson was on the late late show , I caught a lot of shows when I would go up to my dad's on the weekends. I loved them then I mean lettermen got worse closer to him retiring. Craig was always amazing loved seeing him at night , always got a laugh out of me.
It’s just a circle Jerk of Like Minded Morons
Late night sucks because because it became political and it's not funny or interesting.
Late night tv used to contain comedy.
When Norm McDonald passed I stopped watching late night. Too painful.
classic eddy banger
My own reasons why late night tv is failing are that most of them mostly suck, James Cordon is a fat unlikeable douchebag who never deserved the show. The only two I like are Jimmy Kimmel and Steven Colbert, but that was for their opening monologs when they would make fun of US politics, especially tR*mps idiocy and eventual collapse. The difference is now US politics simply aren't funny anymore. It's all a big ugly disgusting circus full of greed and mud slinging and there's nothing left for comedic relief. For the first time since 1984 I'm actually thinking of not voting in 2024 because I don't live there anymore and I increasingly just want to give up on the USA such a crappy mess of scumbag politics, gun-insanity, extreme wokeness, and social division where one half hates the other half. No thanks I don't want to be part of that. Late night TV has always been at least somewhat a reflection and a barometer of what's going on and these days there's not much of interest.
You watch SNL.... Yikes
Go woke and go broke
I can’t speak for everyone but they became too political. All saying the same jokes about Trump (and I’m not a trump fan) but it got old and felt like they were stuffing their political views down your throat.   I remember watching Countdown With Keith Olberman and loved that show until he started doing a “Day 234 of the Bush administration…”. Literally every night the same thing over and over.
Whatever happened to "the children of Burbank"?
Can only watch Conan.
lol... using the words "diet" and "James Cordon" in the same sentence, and not seeing, "James Cordon could really dow ith going on a diet"
Yo dawg, a lot of ur videos recently are centred around negativity and criticism (I think. Just looked at the thumbnails and titles). Not bad on its own of course but it’s almost all of the recent videos. tell us about something you really love if you can. We’re here for you, not exclusively what you’re talking about.
Yes I dvr Seth and Colbert over an antenna because they seem to wait to post the rest on youtube till it's much too late for staying up. So they end up losing analytics and I skip ads either way. But I'm an oldie in my early 30s.
Fun Fact: James Corden lost to Hitler in a likability contest.
Really bad video my man, you didnt explained the title of the video
Conan forever!
It’s all woke garbage!  Unwatchable
The only guest on late night tv is Jennifer Lawrence
I stopped watching colbert in 2019
Don't know why they were that popular to begin with rather watch something else but did watch leno mono in the Clinton's years. But Clinton was a laughing stock about the scandal.
Conan will always be the GOAT
Their shows suck, and so do all of them... except for Conan.
Have not watched Late Night in 8 years…they all are too Wokie
Jay Leno used to put my grand parents to bed every night…. He was GREAT!!  He was a SAVAGE when it came to Bill Clinton jokes🤣🤣🤣  Now it’s a clown show…. and a DNC funding campaign AD🙄🙄
I'm 44 and have been a huge Conan fan for over 2 decades.  Warmed my heart hearing how much you and your brother liked him on TBS as kids. He was beyond gracious during that time ❤️ He's my all time favorite.  Colbert was great but his strengths are his characters like back in his Strangers with Candy 🍬 days
Late night tv shows have the same problem as all other broadcast tv shows - nobody watches live tv anymore.  I only watch live tv for sports and news.   My young adult kids don’t watch live tv at all.
Cordon, Piers, Prince Harry, is there a British import that IS tolerable? I don't think so. We need to quarantine that island.
But, living in the UK these late nights are available for the first time they now have an international audience. Stephen Colbert, Seth Myers my favourites.
Wait, you just said, actually you spent 20 minutes telling us that late night is dead, and then you say you support the late night writers for demanding more pay? but aren't these writers redundant anyway? based on your logic, they have zero leverage because networks are getting rid of late night tv anyway. I don't think we'll see another Late Night with Stephen Colbert show ever.
@midnight was one of the best and I've been waiting for this announcement, Conan is also the best late night talk show host besides Arsenio hall and Stephen colbert from the colbert report and the daily show under Jon stewart
My God but Hollywood is a toxic cesspool!  I often think about "that" scene in the flick '2012' (y'all know the one) and I smile.
Ziwe.
Jimmy Kimmel was the funniest dude on late night tv until he went all woke
Love Graham Norton
I can’t stand jay but Conan’s ratings were a nightmare. He’s way better but not as popular.
I loved Craig Ferguson. My favorite late-night host next to Conon. Sad he left. James Gordon was not as good as a replacement sadly enough in my opinion.
26 y, my god, u look 40+ dude
Its an old format which is too obsolete
Absolutely no one tops conan and fallon. Period.
Late night shows have always had political satire. When it started to trend more partisan, that’s when the appeal was lost. Either they’re preaching to the choir or alienating half their audience.
This video is fascinating yet frustrating. You clearly know enough to talk about this topic for hours, but you tease us with only a 27-minute video. Maybe a sequel at some point? Love your videos
So it died with corden?
I don't know the names of like half the people I talk to daily. I know their faces however
hmmm i wonder where is john oliver here
25yo??? only??
I loved that at about 16:00:  "The COLBAIR REPOIR"   Funny!
100 percent of my interest in late night dissolved when Conan retired.
This really felt like watching a funeral for my neighbors daughter's gerbil.
It's interesting because I agree with you 100% the celebrity interviews I never watch.  The political lampooning and observational comedy are the most compelling parts of late night.  Seth Meyers is great for this
fallon, conan and colbert are the only ones i like. kimmel made some really racist jokes towards bts (and doubled down on them when people were pissed, didn't he also do blackface or something?), corden everyone knows about.
Jimmy Fallon is the poster boy for NFTs. He's a dumb, privileged, over-promoted guy with more money than common sense. Basically, he's their target demographic.
Conan rocks and all the rest are just political propaganda
Stephen Colbert, no comments..👶🏻
5:05 “But one was British” remind me where Craig Ferguson was from again?
Does Eddie not realize he’s the James  Corden of YouTube. And his hair and mustache makes him look like a predator.
Craig Ferguson  was something else wouldn't last today with cancel culture he left at the best time
I haven’t watched for years, but it really does make me sad that late night TV seems to be on its way out. I remember being allowed to stay up late to watch Carson a few times as a kid, fell in love with Letterman and Conan in the 90s, and would watch every episode of Craig Ferguson that I possibly could. But ever since Craig left, I couldn’t connect to anyone and my interest fizzled out.
The only way to make late night worse is adding diversity
1:36  "I wanted something that represented me" (shows ape in gay bondage kink police suit)
Wheres my boi treverr
The idea that Corden couldn’t name 2 of his camera people is insane.
i dont actually dislike jimmy fallon himself that much but i dislike how sanitized and bland his show has to be because its so huge and marketed to literally every american
I liked late night TV 10 years ago when I was young and in high school and didn't care about politics and everything is funny to me. now that im older and politics are more important to me, I just can't enjoy it anymore. It's too much politics and I wanna laugh not think about politics.
I'm very excited to learn about the @Midnight reboot.  I loved that show!  POINTS!
'The Death of Late Night TV' may be for all the reasons you listed but the nail in the coffin will be the never ending Writers/Actors Strike. btw, claiming Fallon had a part in it's decline is giving him more relevance than he deserves...
With the exception of a few bits, I never found any of these hosts or shows funny or entertaining. Late Night tv sucks high key
Conan lost me the first time I saw him b/c he did a bunch of fat jokes. Ridiculous.
Tbf it started when Craig Freguson drop the ball
Conan is Conan, Trevor Noah is good and really smart as is John Oliver who understood 10 years ago that late night shows will die out,  others are either going to adapt or go away. Maybe it would be good for tv execs to embrace podcast like interviews and smaller scale late night shows. Give writers a fair pay they really deserve it.
Dude you didnt even mention Craig Ferguson... sad.
I still will never forgive Netflix for cancelling Patriot Act. It was one of my most favorite shows, both entertaining and informative. Hasan Minhaj is the best
You it Conan in the thumbnail yet you don't talk about him, which is fine. But ironically Stephan Colbert has a whole section in the video yet he's not on the thumbnail.
your talk is a lot unstructured and doesnt convince
Nobody watches Late Night talk shows anymore because they're on strike.
Not even a word about Kimmel in blackface? After tearing the Brit apart?
Gonna disagree on it just being an internet thing, though that didn't help.  What it boiled down to was like everything, the bottom line, and Late Night really showed that  What used to be insightful interviews and promotion turned into these scatterbrained skits that are good in the moment but have no staying power.  What used to be feel good moments for everyone became extremely partisan shilling for agendas that people were turned off from. (The Vaxxscene)  All because instead of substance and integrity they started chasing trends and easily the biggest trend of the last decade have been partisan politics.  There's a reason 2016 election compilations have 10s of millions of views (despite even YT's algorithm), because instead of them taking it on the chest and making light of their fumble, they just double down and show contempt for the opposition as just being ignorant, racist, sexist, etc.  It doesn't help that many of these hosts exhibit the same traits they accuse others of...and people just quit watching because it's no longer an escape from the political nonsense  Also nah, I don't empathize with the WGA.  Are their efforts compared to the Hollywood execs dwarfed?  Sure.  Is it currently a non living wage?  FUUUUUCK NO.  The minimal entry rate is double the salary of the average worker.  Even in the absurd cost of living in California, I am not gonna empathize with a bunch of yuppies that lament they're only making double what the average person in America earns year to year
Late night shows were never good. Johnny Carson was good most of the times. That's it.
Wow… James Corden started hosting on my birthday and I’m just now finding out it’s considered an unlucky day… this is fine
Conan is a legend
Steven Colbert has always given me bad vibes idk why
James cordon is the least enjoyable person on earth
No variety show (I'm using that very loosely.) can work because we can just watch exactly what we want at all time. Shows have the benefit of letting us press play and not worry about clicking something else for 30+ minutes, but that only works if it's the same type of thing for the duration of the show. All sketches. All interviews.  All music. Everyone is in the mood for only one thing at a time now.
I remember the kids in high school saying "did you see Letterman?"  which was funny as he was on at 12:30am then.  My work schedule put the late shows out for me.  Clips are good enough.  The celebs interviews got boring as it's just hyping their new project.  Plus some come off as jerks.  I loved Letterman, watched some Carson and Arsinio Hall.  I liked Bob Costa's interview show.  But by the 2010s, not watching at all.  I went to a Letterman taping in the 90s.  Went to the Colbert Report which was much better than Colbert on the Late Show.  John Oliver is the only one I watch regularly if he counts.
I like how you ordered your video from the most painfully unfunny ones to end on the only actually funny host in this entire list.
Majority of the late night hosts are rabid woke hacks
Like, Conan is awesome. I also wanna say anytime that Robin Williams was on a late night show it was can't miss T.V. he was quite literally one of the greatest late night guests, Eddie Murphy was funny too. Just thinking that some of the greatest comedians made for the greatest guests on late night T.V.
I'm older than you and I haven't cared about cable for years either.  I can't imagine paying for that garbage.
How was Corden's crosswalk shit even legal?
I hate all those stupid 'games.' Remember when chat shows were about, you know, chat?  I think Dick Cavett is still alive... just. Bring him back!
"as a 26 year old-" hold on a minute i refuse to believe a man with a mustache that big is 26
Calling Corden “diet Jimmy Fallon” is like calling Lizzo “diet Rihanna”, pretty much the antithesis of a diet 😂
Late night television nose dived after Carson and Letterman.  All the current shows/hosts are unentertaining and politicized.
Writers certainly aren't part of the Hollywood elite but most of them suck nowadays so I don't care about their money.
3 of the 4 hosts featured here are all named Jimmy
I still dont know if Rachel Maddow and Colbert arent the same person. I wanted to ask Tim Meadows and Don Cheadle at the same time, but...odly i cant seem to have THAT happen?!?
My favourite "comedy news anchor" has to be Cody Johnston of Some More News, *most* Wednesdays
Late Night TV started to die when Craig Left, it died when Conan left
I remember when Conan got the Tonight show and there was a big deal about it being in NY or not and Conan had to move to LA for it. Then when Fallon took over they were all eh go down the hall its fine. Always wished he'd have got to stay in NY
I know it was satirical but man am I glad Comedy Bang Bang went to podcasts. The show was by far the best "late night talk show."
Why did you have to bring back that memory of the Paris Hilton bored ape on Jimmy Fallon, I'm pretty sure I saw god with how cringy that was, nearly left me on my death bed.
You're twenty-six omigod get rid of that mustache you old man
You didn't even tell why the numbers really went down , what a joke of a video. They went down because they are always peddling propaganda.
They all just started focusing on politics and they became puppets for whatever lie the government is trying to push.
They are all so unlikeable, it's insane.
remove Conan and put in a bunch of dbags, anything will fail.
Oh god all the late night hosts are so boring and annoying. I loved Craig Ferguson though. Man was fire 🔥
Just because a lot of people like something doesn't make it good. Have you met people before?
Lmao imagine paying for cable 🤣
This is such a good video man
Late Night TV is just propoganda
0:28 Not since Craig Ferguson left.
Late night is dead because Colbert killed it. I get that he's got his fans, but not that many and I think there's even more that can't stand him.
Gone to fairyland....
Craig was/is better.
Carson knew he crew so well, he could down a full bottle of Jack, and then name his cameramen and their dogs.  For James Corden to not know any of his Cameramen's names at all is just a bad look.
I think it's great that Jimmy Fallon didn't tackle politics at all. His show is for everyone to enjoy an shouldn't turn into another wokefest that a few loud people want.
This is a FANTASTIC take on the subject. Great story, script, b-roll, audio mixing, editing…nice work!!!!
never forget Craig Ferguson
Gutfeld is alive and well. Just sayin'.
Ever since Conan left, not a single episode!
I just realized Eddy looks like Gene  Belcher from Bob's Burgers but as an adult. Like he's got the Bob mustache, but the youth and optimism of Gene😅
Late night TV is absolutely terrible.  The interviews are very lame, the monologues are supremely unfunny, and the format is old and tired.  I haven't watched late-night TV for about ten years now, just random clips here and there.
Conan is the GOAT
Fallon is a pathetic yes man for the left. Black face Kimmel is a witless hack! Colbert was humiliated live about Covid by another leftist who was injected with .05ml of reality.  All of these hacks aren’t funny even with dozens of writers.  At least Stewart was kind of funny decades ago before the job description became “attack anyone not democrat enough”!
3:31 - Love how Craig is walking around Cordon like he is Han Solo and Cordon is Jabba, genius
Craig Furguson was genius on Late Night ! .. It's too political now.
Conan 👑
When late night comedians began their shows with more and more vicious, political rants and attacks and became purposely alienating of more than half the country (talking to you Jimmy “Fcktard” Kimmel), those of us with a brain gave them the middle finger 🖕🏻and decided we aren’t going to watch your stupid and brain dead shows anymore. There once was a time when late night comics/shows were entertaining and fun to watch, and the hosts kept their personal political opinions to themselves…now they are just outrageously insulting and are basically extensions of the equally fcked up democrat party. People watch television to be entertained and not have liberalism shoved down their throats. Nice job.  You’re just not funny anymore. It’s basically just comedic quackery.
Can’t waste 28 minutes but thank god.
Don’t even bother watching tv anymore. It’s all crap and they all have a political agenda.
cretin = KreTTin
eh
The union makes us strong. Solidarity forever.
Ongoing late night feels outdated and like pandering at this point. Conan alone continues to adapt in a way that keeps me engaged.
If I was there during one of James cordens musical numbers i would lay on the horn to ruin it
You forgot Lily Singh 😂. That’s okay, we all did.
What happens when an Ambulance, Cop Car or Fire Truck has to pass a cross walk? What do those clowns do then?
I think the death of late night was celebs on twitter, we realize they are extremely uneducated and there is no need to go to late show to get to know them they tell us everyday how dumb and boring they are
I love how the people are just disgusted with James Corden on top of the car. like . . . do your shitty show. whatever. do it, be happy, make Alice Cooper - living rock ICON - feel like shit on purpose. go ahead, do it, I won't watch.   but you aggressively invade Los Anglians' DAILY COMMUTE . . . you're disrupting a powder keg for yuks and ratings. and attention.   also, I must say, the man was the WORST part of _Cats._ which is saying something indeed. when you distinguish yourself for being shit in one of the shittiest shits to ever shit, that's an impressive feat.   and then, to redeem himself, he and Rebel Wilson went on the Oscars and blamed their failings on the Special Effects artists. and pawed at a yarn ball attached to the mic.   it's troubling how DEEPLY resentful, bitter and cynical I can get after being primed to be. amazing effect. disturbing effect. I admit it. I was primed to unload on this guy I barely think about otherwise. oh well.
If you're 26, live TV wasn't a thing for you for a long time. The idea of sitting down to watch TV, zapping around to see who was on started to die in 2010 (that's when youtube started growing hugely and twitter started being relevant). People who watch late night content watch the news before going to bed and even them are being swooped over by Youtube. They're still fun and a lot of their bits are better than a lot of big content creators content, but now they're being cut and put on their channel as well. They might not need the absurd production, but, they generate ideas for youtubers. Internet feeds from TV still, but also from itself.
James replaced another British person…
I turn 35 in a couple of months. I haven't watched live TV outside the superbowl in an actual decade. It's just flatly not normal anymore. It's frankly weird that I watch SNL regularly and got peacock for it.
Seth has been the best late night host by far for quite some time now. I mean, any show that highlights Wally will always be S tier. The writer's strike hurts, especially with all the juicy Trump news. P.S. they should bring back Animal Flubs in corrections
8:00  If you had a "phobia" you would run out of the room at the sight.  Reminds of the highschool days where people gave themselves conditions to get attention
Gutfeld. One thing i really like about his show is that it starts 35 minutes earlier than the rest. I can watch him, go to bed and get more rest. And he is funny!
Craig Ferguson and Conan. They are the best to ever do it in my opinion.
I actually just fully understood that James Cordon has not been in the UK for years 😂 so yeah I give very little fuck about these shows.
hey does anyone remember jimmy fallon's hit single "idiot boyfriend"? such a banger, deff one of my top faves ever.
I’ve been watching Conan since I was a preteen in the mid 90’s. He was always the funnest and most charismatic. I don’t watch anything but a closer look on YouTube as Seth Myers is the only one that is funny smart and shares that bond with his staff that shows in what they put out. The Conan podcast is great though.
Colbert at home late show was honestly goated
Great video.  Don't you think this strike is going to further kill late night TV?
I watch Colbert's monologue on YouTube when I wake up and also A Closer Look. Sometimes Corrections on Friday or any interesting interview or musical guest Colbert might have. Never got into Kimmel, Fallon or Corden.
20:33 You sounded exactly like Trump there 😂
Conan will always be my favorite, but I actually have been increasingly becoming a fan of Jimmy Fallon lately. I feel like he brings some great energy and is a light hearted decent time watching him. I also love the roots and think some of his sketches and games with guests are good.  Can’t fucking stand Kimmel though. Such a shit dude.
I have never, as an adult, consumed live television as  home entertainment. It's so jarring and paced way too quickly when I'm used to podcasts, the commercials are the worst, they're some kind of fever dream. Cable is way too expensive for what it offers. IMO it's an irrelevant format.
I never watched late night TV for a very simple reason : I had to wake up early in the morning to go to work.
I just don’t get the point of them as tv shows   Like I get the interviews and the funny segments they put online  But the monologues aren’t really funny and are kinda awkward  A lot of skits are like even worse SNL sketches   idk I never got why you’d watch them fully as a show - the best parts are online  British ones I get coz they don’t do a lot of the crap
Honestly,, I think you missed something here… I think Joe Rogan had a part in the decline of late night television….. (Along with Marc Maron, and podcasts in general)….. Late night only gives you a quick 5-10 minute generic snippet of an “interview” of the guest which is mostly spent promoting something, whereas Joe Rogan was sitting down and talking to his guest for 3 whole HOURS…. And he doesn’t have canned generic cookie-cutter questions, rather he has an off-the-cuff conversation…. I really do think this new format of talking to people, really getting to see their personalities, has played a big role in the decline of interest of late night television….
I always wanted to know the people who actually attend these shows, why?
why do you look like if Mario and Luidgi had a son?
Make a pocket tee and I'll buy it
As a Swede.. This was never a thing. So no loss.. ;)
26 going on 40 🎉😂😂 maybe it's the groomer stash and the ads
Conan is king. Then the severely underrated Craig Ferguson IMO  I feel like Colbert really tried in his early days to elevate the show. I remember a lot of poets and scientists and not just the usual parade of actors doing press junkets. He's an intelligent and compassionate host that really needs to do a Conan and develop his own show. He should not be shackled to the idiocy of that desk which is dragging him down.
this is the first video I have seen from your channel, and you instantly remind me of Marc Marron, but if he wasn't whiny as hell.
Wait, @midnight is back?!
Man, when your own production puts you on blast for naming your cameramen...
As someone who has been in the automobile industry for years i can confidentaly say its going to be a ridd!
When Conan quit it was over for late-night talk shows.
All these new guys were absolute shit. Can't believe you guys wasted so much of your lives.
What about Bill Maher? You forgot about him…. He does a late night show too…. Just like John Oliver on HBO…. Just saying….
Jay Leno really "burned" Conan.  Do you believe in karma?
Sorry for asking.  What is a television?  Is that what the old people stare at all day?  I have a laptop and a cell phone.  That's it.  Johnny Carson was the last late night show.  The rest is just political hack.
This video is irrelevant. Late Night died because they sacrificed comedy to hyper focused on Trump.
Pro writers union? He'll no!! Those guys have ruined everything they touch. Imagine suck ass at your job and ask for a pay raise. Get woke go broke
James Cordon has been an arsehole even before his move to America for The Late Late Show. (Stories about treating crew like shit on UK TV shows) We should have sent you guys a warning
when sometinh end in U.S. india start, indian have only one latenight show, the kapil sharma show, he get famous, get into fight with his collegue hitting him with shoe, and then abuse a news guys, he said worst thing possible, "sell your daughter". so yeh he is the merge of all hosts.
All of the Conan love in the comments makes me so happy ❤ He will always be the GOAT alongside Letterman and Carson!
The real question is... why are they all JIMMY!??!
They all suck now days. Except Jimmy Kimmel's co-host, I can't spell his name! Ha
My favorite late night show was the late late show with Craig Ferguson. After his show ended, I stopped watching late night altogether. His show was so unique and fun and different, and I feel like if there were more hosts like Craig doing different and fun material, maybe late night wouldn't have heard its death knell quite so soon.
I mean, they did bring it on themselves. They thought putting AI in the writers’ chair would make them more bucks
The Colbert Report was the shit. I had classes in college that used some of the episodes as lesson occasionally. I think we were even shown clips in a calculus class. It’s truly amazing!  Jimmy Fallon ride in Orlando Universal is the best ride ever! I don’t even know the guy but the ride was great!
I think that late night shows might be loosing the TV viewers, but that's only because TV is loosing viewers! I start my day playing ALL the late shows (Colbert, Meyers, Kimmel, Fallon and The Daily Show in that order).  Modern times! I'm just glad of the changes because I never watched a late night show before. Now the strike is killing me. I still support it tho and am glad for those big noticeable names who publicly do.
Not gonna lie I think the crosswalk musical thing is also pretty shitty. Particularly standing on peoples cars and singing loudly at people you know want nothing to do with you. Any other person doing that would be harrasment but apparently because its for tv its "fine."
Bro, you just fucked me up. This is the first time I'm watching a vid from you and was thouroughly enjoying it UNTIL you stated your brother's name. My name is Tony as well, but it's the fact that my older brother's name is Eddie as well, albeit a different spelling. Had to pause for a moment XD
Conan and Craig Ferguson were the real OGs
The fact you went so easy on Kimmel is really disappointing. He's a worm of a man and a pathetic excuse of a host. The Joaquin phoenix interview especially still haunts my memories among many many others
I think that even if the shows aren’t perfect, people at least like and respect Colbert, Myers, and Fallon. Kimmel and Corden on the other hand are neither funny or likable.
The one late night show I won’t miss and will always watch from start to finish is Graham Norton. I know it’s obviously a British show (though Graham’s actually Irish), but him and actually several other Brit talk shows, (Alan Carr comes to mind)are fantastic entertainment. They don’t play games and have tv segments, It’s usually just them sitting and having a laugh with some drinks with a group of multiple famous people. Graham particularly doesn’t dominate the conversation so you get to see dame judi dench become besties with 50 cent.
You are 26? Damn you look so much…younger
The hat is fine, bro.
That merch is soo beautifulll!!!!!!!!!!
Yes, the era of Late Night TV has ended... but that's because we can now have "Late Anytime".  It's fine. We haven't lost anything - We gained something better.
I saw in my feed a video about the writers strike. and the guy kept bashing the writers saying they're greedy and whatever. His reasoning was why should they get paid more when they are ruining Marvel. How they don't put enough work into their writing and how disney writers are ruining it. Like what the hell. I always find it funny seeing someone who has never seen movies outside marvel.
15:24 Guillermo is the best part of Jimmy Kimmel Live
In the era of the internet people watching TV and movies has declined.  It's also demystified celebrity culture and most people regard celebrities after the Trump era with cynicism and derision especially my generation.  People watch twitch, youtube, or tiktok now.  Covid and 2020 did a lot of damage with hosts acting as barely entertaining government mouthpieces behind we cameras.  Essentially inferior but nonetheless more political Youtubers.  A depressing reminder of the world's embarrassing state  Nobody wants to watch late night shit when it's either depressing, boring, cringey or derivative.  Late Night is dead because it's obsolete.  Emplemon did a better video on this subject.
it’s crazy how Ziwe was one of the only talk shows that seems to be growing in the modern era and got cancelled, showtime picked the wrong segment for sure
You’re 26?!? 😮
i went to the abbey road crosswalk where the beetles shot their album of the same name, it was beyond funny to just watch people step into north london traffic to get pictures during rush hour
I only watch late night tv if i band i like is gonna be on😂
I WATCH IT!!!
holy sh*t that moustache man.............i dont know if I should shoot it .....or cast you in a porn movie
Late night killed itself with the constant Trump jokes. Those jokes became old quick. Now that Trump is out of office, they couldn't come up with original material.
SUPPORT THE WGA STRIKE, YA MORONS!!! FUCK YEAH, EDDIE!!
Craig and Conan are the best, could watch them for hours
"Jimmy Fallon? I'd rather he fall-on a bed of rusty nails." Hold on, I can do better... "Jimmy Fallon? The only thing HE should host... is a parasite!" (Thanks, Mike Stoklasa)
I thought this video was going to be about why the late night shows haven't been making new episodes lately.
The average WGA writer earns 250K a year making a empassioned speech on their behalf whilst people in the world can't afford to eat tonight is frankly ridiculous.
The death of late night propaganda would be a better title
They just aren't funny and entertaining at all. And they alienate half the country with their not so unbiased left leaning political rhetoric they spew.
Paris and Fallon talking about nfts made me want to put a gun in my mouth
I think conan will proceed to the top with the new max show conan wont stop
9:12 I'm surprised nobody got shot doing this, all they would need is one pissed off driver and it's over
Well you forgot the best late night host:  John Oliver. I fucking love him
I think that the fact that they all started to air their one sided political views alienated a big chunk of their audience base. Also their relentless government messaging related to covid was a huge put off. There are enough slots for this other than the comedy shows. This is also killing SNL.
I am a Conan man myself.
What about Craig Ferguson? That guy is a legend
James cordon bleu
Stephen Colbert is my favorite purely because he is a massive Lord of the Rings fan.
maaaaaaan this was great thanks
Yo! You're 26? 😮Wild 😂
I think one of the reasons late night is going away is the definition of celebrity is changing. There are lots of people like Eddy that are well known that just don't have movies to promote.
Dawg imagine not knowing the names of the people in your camera crew. I’ll go on commercial sets for one day and learn their names cause they’re literally the ones making everything possible
if someone blocked traffic and started dancing on the hood of my car it would be the last time they did that.
Wait you’re 26?? You look like you’re in your mid 40s bro 😳
God damn I miss the Colbert report
No offense intended whatsoever... But you're only 26 my dude!?   I think the mo just gives off mad dad vibes
I can say here's what. One of my country's TV/YouTube guys started something very similar to this late night format just recently. I've checked it out and it was... strange. Like, jokes — well, maybe some here and there, interesting stories — well, maybe some here and there, everything else — same. It's like everything and nothing. It's hard and boring to watch.
coming home after work in 2005-2014 to get high and watch the daily show with jon stewart and the Colbert report back to back was such a magical time lol.
Graham Norton despite not being a daily night time tv show is the gold standard of what these shows should try to be. Seeing 5-6 huge movie stars, directors and comedians together talk  about Hollywood and reminisce is something that is much more entertaining than solo one on one interviews. You get to see the interaction not just between the host and stars but also of the guests amongst themselves. And putting 5 big faces on a couch together is still something that Youtube and internet shows cant manage (yet), something that these TV networks should be able to pull off on a regular basis.
Graham Norton is my favorite host. His show is too funny and never cringe. The interviews are brilliant and unique.
The reason the ratings were declining was because cable television is dying.
Graham Norton is the best talk show host and I don't even think it aires in America
Thanks for making a video someone else made better already Eddy!
JAMES CORDEN: THIS IS MY last night doing this Show me: thank GOD !
I just find Colbert's corporate democrat politics super cringey. He always comes really close to nailing his point on the head, but then he can't stick the landing and it feels like it's on purpose
Eddie nine pins
yall rly bout to gloss over the man show???
I think politics played a decent role that is undervalued here
No one was ever able to fill Carson's shoes. It was all downhill after he retired.
I like John Oliver
Team Coco forever!
James Corden is an absolute bellend. Met him in a pub in Bristol a while back, he was being a dick to the server, pretty much got chased out the building
nah the hat is fabulous
This is just the perspective of another youtuber. To be a Youtuber, you just don’t need anything. Nothing. Just talk, thats all :)
Ebby get off the crosswalk.
Replacing Craig Ferguson with Corden is a cardinal sin, anyone related to the decision is NOT allowed past the gates (you knew this was gonna happen)
Going through the suit try-on with you was very intriguing, you definitely had me curious where that was going, and I think it paid off well.
Trump Derangement 24/7 is not funny.
There's a new king of late night talk and his name is Adam Dean Friedland
God as someone with misophonia james corden rubbing balloons to eek alice cooper is so annoying and gross to me... I feel a bit sick watching that clip myself just remembering the times people have done that sort of stuff to me! its not fun! and i can imagine its especially not fun when youre on live television and have to be all nice to the host or else...
Fudge, I don't watch the clips 😂
I used to actually watch Late Night with Conan O'Brien now and then. Late night TV is going away because those of us who have to get up and work the next day are in bed and don't align with their politics. Those who do align are largely unemployed, but can't afford cable. They either have no idea that these shows are available for free with an antenna or they think they're too hip and that they are for boomers. These shows can't just be having guests on and talking about their works, and having musical guests on to perform and to talk to them. They actually have segments dedicated to lecturing/"talking down to" the public about politics. It's one thing to make fun of it like they did on The Daily Show (of old, when they bashed everyone and not just non-leftists).
After Conan got fired so Leno can crawl back I just lost hope for talk shows.. I watched TBS because of Conan sometimes but mostly I checked clips from YouTube.
Real ones remember jay screwing conan and NO we don't forgive him
In the UK, we have one late night show host, Graham Norton and he is the nations sweetheart
I do not want to watch a late night show and hear politics. I do not care about their takes about anything lol
you kinda nailed it about most things here. Hope the WGA wins.
Every, EVERY Late Night Hosts are EXTREMELY Politically Correct Liberals who kiss the butts of celebrities.   People like Joan Rivers, Letterman, Leno, who were more Politically Incorrect who called out and made fun of celebrities to their face, is why I would watch Late Night. I didn’t watch Late Night to hear a Political Rant
That moment with Corden and the balloons really irked me because my middle school teacher did the exact same thing to me in front of my entire class in grade 6, but with the sound of the brush on the board and rubbing hands together. Those people are actually the worst
COMMUNITY SPOTTING
My yt recommended went from the death of laugh tracks to death of late night shows. I think they’re trying to say something
I’d rather go to the dentist than watch Colbert.
I never watch late night TV but sometimes I'll watch an episode afterwards on youtube if I find the topic interesting
Nothing better than rug-pulling Hollywood stars that are also nft grifters!
No mention of the toast job they pulled on Lilly? 🤔
I watch the monologs and Closer Look on YouTube. That's about it 😂
The issue with what writers get paid is a catch-22.  On principle, I am in favor of them being paid fairly.  I don't want to make it seem otherwise.   But in practice, the reality is that between streaming services, cable channels, etc., there is A LOT more content being made these days and A LOT more places to watch some portion of that content.  While great in theory (meaning there's more jobs to be had), it also means that the average TV show being made today is getting fewer people watching it, since there SO many more options today.   Not to mention that with Youtube becoming bigger and bigger over time, the time people spend watching videos (including this one) is time NOT spent watching a traditionally produced TV show (whether on a network or streaming service).     While actors are of course generally paid a lot more than writers, even many actors aren't getting paid as much for a TV show made for a streaming service today than they were for network TV in it's hey-day.   As just one example, while the amount they were paid is a A LOT for the average person, when Fuller House came out on Netflix, the returning cast from the original show was making less money per episode than they did on the original show (and each season of the new show had fewer episodes).  And that is without adjusting for inflation over the course of the 2 decades that passed between the original show ending and the new one starting.    Heck, Eddy even says himself in this video that he doesn't watch live TV on regular networks anymore and waits to stream them after the fact.  That's an understandable choice, and one that many make these days, but these shows don't make as much money off of those views as they do when more people watch live.  The more live ratings that they get, the more eyes that are on their show and by extension the commercials that run during it.   When views diminish, so does the amount they can get advertisers to pay, and by extension the money that can be put into the show (or the risk of it getting canceled).   While on demand/ streaming views do help and ads do generally run during them, it's typically fewer ads than the live broadcast.     And this whole video is specifically about how late night TV is dying with the ratings dropping substantially (they didn't even replace James Corden with someone else after he left), yet it ends talking about the writers strike and showing the hosts supporting their writers.  That's all well and good, but it becomes difficult to make an argument to pay more money to the staff on TV shows that are severely dropping in the ratings and therefore not bringing in as much money as they once did.     By no means am I saying that the hosts deserve to make as much money or more as they did when the ratings were higher.   The point is simply that it's hard to justify pumping more money into something that is clearly having substantially diminishing returns.
eddy is so funny. than u eddy
Damn I'm 10 years older than you and I've never been interested in late night TV.
More people watch celebrities eat chicken wings on yt than all of these shows audiences combined. I do watch some clips. Its just so fake tho. Its like 15 minutes of comedy (using that word generously). 20 minutes of celebrities plugging their project, and 25 minutes of commercials. The interviews are basically commercials, too. Now, w the writers strike they are kinda effed
The fact that Stephen Colbert, the undisputed king of late night comedy himself, was not in the thumbnail was a travesty of  unmeasurable proportions.
I loved the Patriot Act and was PISSED when it was cancelled.
I mean why would I want to see scripted interviews of people I don’t give 2 shits about?
Eddy is my age? Goddamn, he looks like he's 37.
The fact that Eddy thinks the clip at 18:37 is an example of something that's funny worries me deeply.
As a British person America we love you but sorry u can keep James cordon
You look great man!
I miss Meanwhile!! 😭
Huh? Talk about backward logic trying to force your own narrative.  Yes, waitstaff and restaurants are usually very accommodating of an allergy... but they are also fallible. And if they make an error on my loved one's food, with a deadly allergen... my being verbally abusive will be the least of their concerns. Which would probably lead to my being banned... and I would do it each and every time
Let's not tell the peduli with caramumyentuhku The hour kind of sendirian You have a memegang hand in it Jika tidak there is an orang in the room Why Anda menyukainya tanpa size? If we lose and look at the sendiri, sorry Why can we mencintaiku with the same face? Let's have more than one tulangku kembali And this mendambakan gerakan I don't have a lot of loads of bagaimana hidup sendiri Itu cut it off Dan itu berkembang You are a danau and aku lautan Ah, semua in the morning Anda also experienced daily hours in the Anda sector And I'm looking up for help, oh Oh, alas, let's not tank Let's membutuhkanmu in the sini for the tinggal Aku mematahkan semua tulangku back to us menemukanmu The menangis of the danau Why is it the search that we have to create Anda merasa seperti beban? Oh, and let me tell you everything At the top of our menarikmu keluar dari air pasang Oh, wah, wah, wah I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid), I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) Dengarkan baik-baik, it's not right The wind blows in my head And I see it right in the near future Ah last time again So I can appreciate it, and I don't have to miss it Sayang, let's not hancur tanpamu Let's membutuhkanmu in the sini for the tinggal Aku mematahkan semua tulangku back to us menemukanmu The menangis of the danau Unfortunately the search that I have to teach Anda more like beban, oh And let me become a member of the semuanya kembali At the top of our menarikmu keluar dari air pasang Sayang, if I am cepat tertidur Saya manihat orang ini memperhatikan saya Berpikir, "Where does it go? Where does it go? Katakan padaku, where does it go?" Oh, please Kira is there, and I am not there I don't have an apa-apa in antaranya And in front of me, there is a lady penny cilik Dia mengawasiku, bernyanyi "They are women, they are women women, and they are women children" Dia menyanyikan, "Dia seorang, dia seorang wanita, dan I'm not sure what to do" Sayang, he didn't hancur tanpamu Let's membutuhkanmu in the sini for the tinggal Aku mematahkan semua tulangku back to us menemukanmu The menangis of the danau Unfortunately the search that I have to tell Anda more like beban, oh And let me become a member of the semuanya kembali Aku bersumpah akan menarikmu keluar dari air pasang
I’m honestly surprised network television is still a thing, I can’t think of anyone I know who still watches network tv
"Is this a bigger deal than being abusive to restaurant staff? No."  Yes, it is. Much, much worse.
This feels like it could have been summed up in 13 mins. And I think you may be missing the "common man" pov. I don't think people like being preached to during their late night, and clapter is ruining comedy. Just my 2 cents.
ziwe’s show being cancelled is literally so stupid
I'll be honest, Colbert, Kimmel, Trevor Noah, and Seth Meyers got me through thebTrump presidency. I live in louisiana and eveeyone here is a MAGA cultist. Those 4 late night hosts were my only connection to both let me know I wasnt insane and let me laugh at the absurdity that was going on in this country. But once Biden became elected, I dropped off. I watch Graham Norton interviews and that's pretty much it now.
I have such fond memories of switching frantically between Leno's and Letterman's monologues during the mid 80s and early 90s.They were both sooo funny and the jokes were always awesome. Great show, Mr Burback. Thanks for the memories!
0:30 - here's your answer: The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, LastWeekTonight with John Oliver, The Daily Show, Real Time with Bill Maher, The Problem With Jon Stewart...do your fucking research!
Conan is a giant amongst peons that are Fallon, Kimmel, Corden. He was and is still the only one worth watching.
Neverrr!
Late night TV has long been liberal propaganda, hopefully things will change for the better
Late night has been horrible since the politics took over.
I’m very much appreciating the timing of your ad breaks. It makes me mind them less (also I just subbed, yee haw)
wear a mask !!!!!
heck of a mustache
Late night tv died when Craig Ferguson left.
1:17 she's so funny tbh sorry
I have to agree with you on Stephen. I think he’s a much better interviewer than he gets credit for. I’d like to see him interview Bill Burr again under different circumstances. I feel like there’s probably a really good conversation about dads and fatherhood that they could’ve had.
I think and alot of ppl I know stopped watching late-night because of the political jokes. They don't want their entertainment and politics mixed. Also sometimes some of them and I felt attacked by those jokes. They were only making fun of one side and it's one thing to make fun of the politicians bit to make fun of ppl who vote for them is a whole other monster. Late night is not the daily show and the daily show is not late night u know. I watch entertainment to forget about that stuff and escape for a little. If I'm constantly reminded about that stuff it's not the kind of entertainment I will want anymore. This has also ruined other things in entertainment like marvel, star wars, Disney amd many others. That's why top gun 2 and godzilla did so good at the box office
How meta would it be if there was a Tik Tok of an annoyed driver filming eddy cross the street 7 times.
Conan is the only good late night show
1. Craig Ferguson  2. Conan
Can we all agree that Eddie is straight smoking dick when he says the cross walk musicals are a funny idea, cause no they fukn aren't
Definitely team Cobert but he show is for old ppl :/
Who still has a tv?!
Everyone talks about how cringey Fallon is but no one talks about enabling the sexual assault of a minor
when he got to the corden crosswalk... LMAOOOO
I just don’t watch tv
You missed Trevor Noah, and the female late night host what's her name. Whatever serves your narrative i guess
I'm a 92 kid. This was good. Thanks.
As someone who sucks at names, I could very well not know camera men's names after 2 years.  However, I cant see the writers putting him out there like that if it was a known thing on set, that people just understood he knows who you are, just cant recall your name.
I still miss The CBS Late Movie.
I’ll always love Conan lol
Review Brah for the next Late Night Show
Jimmy Kimmel is the biggest sell-out. Just like his boyfriend, Howard Stern typical hypocrites.
I still think Andy Richter is the best late night cohost ever
Conan and Seth are comedic geniuses. I’ll always consume whatever content they’re a part of
This was a really great video! I really enjoy the analyzing of late night shows! Thanks Eddy!
Because of this video, I now have the Late Late show with James Corden popping up in my recommendations
I thought you were 35+ years old. Just today I realized you are 26 years old! Cool!
In 2023 it amazes me that people don't understand that the internet has destroyed how people view television. No one cares.
I hadnt seen that Hilton NFT clip. Fucking surreal. Its basically just satire.  Also, I think it should be mentioned how much Late Night lifted ideas/concepts from Good Mythical Morning. Late Night basically became that, because they knew it would be more “internet friendly”.
I think all those who are still all mad about a about imaginethere is no heaven pandemic video need to shut the fuck up. I saw way worst from non celebs.
9:52 I think the only time I've ever seen a video of someone being happy about that, is when bts was on the show. Probably because Taehyung sat on the girls car.
Your politics are obnoxious, nobody cares about writers. Just watch some of the thousands of good TV shows and movies that already exist
There’s no way you Ziwe works lmao. That show is so boring
Bro even though I have cable at home I don't even watch tv still. Its just my parents who watch it but I never use it, I very much prefer YouTube or literally anything else
When speaking about Seth, you should have mentioned corrections segment
Seth at home got me through the pandemic. And his Closet Look segments got me through the a-hole's presidency. I still seek out every single Closer Look segment on YouTube, but I don't have cable and so never watch live. But even if I could, I don't care about celebrity interviews. Never did, even tho I would watch letterman for how he handled them. And I'm 64.
Not knowing the cameramen question is insaaaane
You know what’s interesting is to think about all of the iconic celebrity culture moments that wouldn’t matter half as much now if they happened on late night TV because of how much it’s tanked. I’m talking things like The Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show, that sort of thing.
The only time I watch live TV is for football.   Thats it.
Here’s what should of happened!  Conan should of stayed at 11:30pm Jon Stewart should of replaced Letterman! Ferguson should of got a max deal and stayed on!   Fallon,Kimmel,James,whatever the f his last name is, all STINK! Including Colbert in Late Night however, he was great on the Colbert Report….so go back or take over Daily Show!   But nooooooo…..none of that happened….so EVERYTHING SUCKS!
I don't care about the vast majority of the celebrities on these show so I watch them for the monologues. Stephen Colbert's and Trevor Noah's are the best. I like the content of Seth Meyer's show but always found him to be incredibly dull and uncharismatic to the point of being unwatchable. I don't care about the Jimmies and have hated Corden since before he moved to the US. Took them long enough to see through his fake persona. I'm looking forwards to more stand ups from Trevor as he is really better as a stand up comedian
Great video, support the writers!!!!!!
Last week tonight is the only a late night show I watch lmao
can we hurry along the process of the death of these shows?
I love being told what to think about politics by people who have to be as safe as possible and live in a sheltered world!!
had to skip the crosswalk part that was too hard to watch
How much interesting
Conan is the funniest out of all of them i like the way he uses is staff and make them famous
I hated james corden before i even saw him
thats a fantastic moustache. i dont even care about the topic but that shit drew me in.
How i miss Craig. I was one of those ppl who follow him like a cult lol
I always watched there videos on YouTube cause I never had cable
I read ur name as eddy burbank since u live so close lol
Why is this how i’m finding out Ziwe got cancelled
I watch colbert and kimmel since around the time covid started...I used to watch Leno and Conan before
When Conan left NBC, that was the end of me watching late night, even SNL. I ditched TV completely around that time as well I have been watching YouTube content ever since.
Well how about this. We replace these tonight show with a bung of Wrestling shows
nice video dude
I can't  stand James Corden even second
Seth Meyers is by far the worst late night show I have seen in a long time, maybe ever.
I'll forever dispose Kimmel for his or his writers belittling of let's players. Then when pressed back on it with genuine open discourse in defences of let's plays he or his writers choose to paint consumers of lets plays (yt comment section) as stupid internet trolls with short temper ya know defining a group broadly by their worse members ultra uncool. And markeplier was very measured in his redeem Kimmels image segment but also fought for his lively hood and fanbase. Anyway forever heck him.
Wow great 😮
Maybe just me but half of them (Corden and Fallon) are either unlikeable and annoying. And the other half seem like political puppets (Kimmel and Colbert).
11:46 😮 26 yo. I would have guessed he was 45...
Thumbs up
gotta give it to conan, the podcast is gonna replace this format and conan got on it early
Colbert turned me off late night shows.
Love that you highlighted the writer's strike at the end. Nice work on this one!
You forgot when James yelled at his wife on a plane…in front of everyone…
Thank you for producing such great content, always excited to see when u have a new video up. Great video!
You spelled salvation wrong.
Conan is the only one worth watching. The rest of these guys are hacks
It also could be because they alienated half the country
I’m a true jackal est. during peak covid days and watched Seth do his secret tiny whispers monologues and since then I’ve loved his show.  Corrections, closer look, all of it.  He’s my favorite now and I never even thought he was like super hilarious or something before covid.  I just knew he was on snl and that was it…I discovered his show on YouTube during Covid and I’ve been a huge fan since.  He’s also the best place to get your news from lol cuz it’s honest yet so entertaining.  I also love how he treats his crew and he just seems the best out of them all.  Edit: also Seth is the best for never going back to wearing suits.  He did this cuz his YouTube fan base suggested it and I just love that he reads a lot of our comments.  Yes he actually reads comments.  He made a bit on how annoying YouTube comments are how they constantly correct him all the time l…so he decided to sarcastically apologize for all his mistakes while reading ppls corrections and it turned into a hilarious, Emmy-winning, reoccurring bit 😊
This is only my 3rd or 4th or your videos but everytime I am just impressed. Well done sir.
Seth Meyers is the worst what do you mean😂
I stopped caring about "late night" shows in 2016. And I see no reason to ever care again. They "aren't for me". Colbert as Colbert is Colbert and he is just the worst person. Colbert is everything wrong with the West.
Most millenials and probaly all of gen z dont have or warch cable... thats pretty much the answer lol they were trying to appeal to the age group that dosnt watch cable. The gen xrs and boomers that still watch dont like the liberal leaning shows and guests. Im not a political person so the fact that they turned into mini news shows turned me right off. I actually respected that fallon tried to stay out of it. Atleast thats my opinion on the matter lol
I think late night shows feel more natural than Social Media content, because it looks like one long shoot. I prefer content that is building up the attention over time. All this short attention content feels cringe in my opinion. Great video.
they all become dnc propagandists thats why the lost half of their audience.  calling people like seth meyers 'intelligent' is really telling about your own lack of intelligence.
My mom doesn't have internet and she LOVES Jimmy Fallon
26? Bro you look 45
Very nice video
Another Burback Banger
After Craig and Conan, it was no reason to watch anymore
Late night gets its talking points from the intelligence community like all mainstream media its almost fully funded by big pharmaceutical
YouTube is great because you can be famous without being molested by a 60 year old producer
Real talk, they should just turn the Daily Show into the Patriot Act. That shit was fire and Netflix shouldn't have ended it.
John oliver and stephen is really the only one i watch
I haven't watched cable for like 8 years..
In the UK he is a slightly annoying z list celebrity. Bin the USA, he is a national embarrassment,  as he's treating his talentless arse as if he was a highly esteemed acor with charisma.  The guy is meant to be an extra or for comic relief,  and he is not very funny unless it is painful slapstick humor
I feel like these late night shows are political infomercials. They have always joked about politics but now it feels very propagandaish.
What's the show at 21:17?
Late night tv is mostly so cringe these days. Also there are like a million other better things to watch now. Late night tv is really dead.
Conan takes the trophy 👌
👍
Interesting no mention was made of the most cringe worthy late night show Gutfeld! Anyone’s worst show is sheer brilliance compared to Gutfeld, pure punishment to sit through for a minute. 😜
their ratings would have been at least double had they not sent a giant F U to conservative viewers.  Even many non conservative viewers are turned off by too much politics in late night.  Can't believe this video didn't address the real reason these shows are dying.
Get well soon Eddy
Jimmy Kimmel was never funny
You don't need a cable package to watch live TV, or network TV -- I just use YouTube TV, and its built-in DVR to watch network-based/local shows.
kimmel is a raging misogynist, colbert is transphobic, fallon did blackface. we really have the brightest stars as our late night hosts
you might feel a little more strongly about kimmel after finding out about the man show
I know his sister(Jimmy Kimmel) Jill shes hilarious too and a real gold heart kind of person. I still havent met Jimmy yet though.
Laziness and jokes getting stake
I find it a little weird you didn't bring up the fact that all of these late-night host all sharing common one very repetitive talking point and that's our ex-president Trump.
Me and my parents love the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, I watch most of it when there's guest I like on Youtube, but I'm glad my parent's gets to watch in on TV when it gets translated to French .
I think Im with most people on this when I say that Conan was really the only late night show host that wasnt too cringey to watch a lotta the time. I loved when hed have Bill Burr , or Norm Macdonald on his show. He truly did love comedians and didnt care about being "outshined" on his own show. He genuinely loved comedy
I watch sports on cable TV because it is (was) non political. I think political opinions of the hosts had more to do with it than you think .....
Pretty sure only people 50 and over actually watch this at this point.
I think Americans attention span is about 2 mins and can’t watch entire tv shows anymore lol
Don't lump Conan in with those sellouts
They killed themselves by spewing leftist political propaganda
Jay Leno and David Letterman were the best
i watch it youtube cuz we don’t have  a tv
Viewership is being propped up by nursing homes i hear them from twenty rooms every night.
This was insightful and hilarious loved it full supporter of the writers strike
I can't stand Jimmy Cemmal.
Also, some of those drivers have saint like patience. I'm stunned nobody has ever just, you know, hit the gas...?
Ummm, no. Corden is absolutely a monster.  Evidence the first, How he treated his own wife and child on that flight.  Evidence the second, You saw him in Cats right? Nobody walked away from that untainted...
Thank God!
Joe Rogans podcasts and like fckd up late night shows
nice
Just 18.54 left
Im glad late night is dead. Every single view got these sickos more cash to buy and have sex with kids. Not only does Hollywood need to die, the players need to be brought to justice
10:00 becoming addicted to using a crosswalk isn't the character arc i expected from this video
First thing I did on this video was ensure the comments section properly defended Conan. Thankfully I can now watch the video in peace.
Colbert changed... to say he is compassionate is to say he is more "tolerant" to all that espouse his personal beliefs. If you do not, there is no solace from malice.
this is so funny because, james tried his best to "become" American, clearly. He became so try hard and wanky not even the english wanted to claim him 😂 Funniest yet? He went to my school! Holmer green, in high wycombe, and id bet there's a lot of people from his home town that would love to have a little go 😂 Put him in his place 💀 hahaa he's so desperate to get away from it, it's so embarrassing.
“People like Harry Styles, BTS… or Josh Gad” -Eddy has me dying 😂
Greg Gutfeld is the king of late night.
Hi all!  Of course, I'm not a fan of night shows and programs, but I rarely can find a little time for myself to watch.
Greg  Gutgeld beats them all
I watched the late late from beginning to end and set DVR to record if I couldn't watch it at the time... then when Craigy ferg left I stopped watching all late night shows because  I would switch between the 2 main ones and most days the monologs were similar..
Very good
14:52 it is still so fucking wild that Lou Wilson introduces Jimmy Kimmel every night hahaha
They all suck.  I miss Letterman and Carson.
Shows became too political.
I'm surprised you didn't emphasize more the massive shift Left of all of them.
Good work beautiful vedio I like it ☺️
You really can blame Donald Trump for killing of the late night vibe of American talk shows. There was atmosphere and fun. All late night talk shows looked depressing after Trump was elected.
The election of Donald Trump really did kill the late night atmosphere in America. Late night talk shows became depressing.
I haven't had cable/watched live tv for 17 years
Great video, but why does no one talk about how Archie Yates and Eddy look like twins?
Corden is the new Ellen
Maybe if the late night writers hadn't spent 15 years making jokes 95% against Republicans, the Republican part of the population would care about this.
What do you mean bruh seth is easily the lamest late night show host and that says a lot
Really nice video :). Could you bring out new jiek clothing or just restock the ones that are in. I would like to buy some ot them :)
I thought your mustache would be too thick to make valid points. I was wrong. Thanks for da opinions g
Tbh you have to be a very boring person to get legitimately mad at people dancing in front of your car in a crosswalk and causing you to be 2 minutes later than otherwise.
Surprised this video didnt mention trevor noah
I love Jimmy Fallon and yes I will flip though channels for him🫣🫣🫣 but I def don’t tune in nightly.  As for all other late night shows, I will tune in if my fav celebs are on there!!
Leftist politics ruined talk shows that's why gutfeld has more viewers than all these shows
This guy is what Hasan Piker thinks he is
OMG what a shill there is like 3 in video commercials and 2 hidden ones in the background.  He has excellent points but it is hard to take them seriously when I only see a sell out.
The fact that there are so many of these shows EVERY NIGHT in the US is bonkers to me. I just can't get my head around it. The UK is a big country with lots of celebrities to appear on these kinds of shows and there are 1-2 of these kinds of shows a week depending on the time of year.
The biggest problem with late night shows is that they have become basic clones of each other. Left leaning host makes simple, surface level jokes then asks a celebrity basic scripted questions and plays a 'random' quirky game. The only difference is the likeability of the host themself
Politics killed it.  Liberalism specifically.  Let's not pretend otherwise.  Johnny Carson didnt demonize half the nation for pity applause by the other half.
At midnight is the only late night talk show I've enjoyed as a full piece of content, and this is how I find out they're remaking it ??? 😮 heck yeahh!!
Weird how 3 of em are named James like what’s the odds
18:13 wierd I didn’t see this empathy during cov..I saw a lot of pro shaming and apathy that he and others were promoti
Cov lockdowns really proved how unfunny they were
Nothing was lost cept conan
Ok.1. Yes love Conan. 2. Colbert   Did not steal from Trevor Noah with the questions. That has been done since The Carol Burnett show, watch that clip with Carol.
Has anyone ever said you remind them of Marc Maron
i figure the only late night talk shows that can get taylor swift on them are the ones that are worth watching lol
You know it's dying and mostly dead when the promo breathlessly announces "This week's special guest is Elizabeth Warren ..."
I quit watching when it became full time far left. All the fun was at the expense of the right. It was mean spirited as well.
I loved Craig Ferguson.  Stopped watching late night after that.
Ok
Please don’t send Corden back 🇬🇧
I dont have cable but i love seth meyers and conan theyre both fantastic the rest are forgettable.
Conan was the only one worth watching! The rest were cringy as fuk
I don't know why "He broke that car" took me out.
In general, Eddy's compulsion to involve Chrisy or whatever, is such a shallow move. She doesn't exist, bro. You trying to prove her supposed existence isn't working, dawg. Get help.
why dont they just start doing livestreams on twitch or youtube
Nice
Conan is the only late night host that I think is genuinely funny
Imagine enjoying Trevor Noah
Also… I thought “late night TV” and “TV” in general, died completely and totally well over a decade ago or more. I say this as someone who’s a few days from turning 49 years old. As far as I’m concerned…there is no more “TV” at all. If you imagine there is…I’m sorry for you.
I’m surprised anyone at all watched or otherwise took into account late TV past about 1998 or so…especially so past 2005 etc. I recall falling asleep hearing my parents watch Carson in the mid 80s, and I watched him and Letterman soon after in the early 90s, but very soon after that, there’s zero need for them, then and now. The latter-day stuff with Fallon et al was unnecessary and was almost always horrible anyhow. Today, I’d MUCH rather watch a 40 year old Carson skit or interview for free on Tubi than anything else recent.
You moustache looks horrible
I think those celebrities get too much crap for their imagine rendition. Yes, it's  cringey and in bad taste, but their intent to lift up people's spirits was there. Like a bad birthday gift, the tought was there.
...my favorite is Graham Norton. But idk if his show can be included into the late late show category ahaha
Bruh my heat dropped when he pulled out those balloons. Absolute airhead.
I mean, I still like Steven Colbert and John Oliver (but I understand why some may not). The Late Show and Last Week Tonight are the only "late night show"s thay I like.
haven't watched the vid yet, but TAFS will bring late night shows back from the dead, it's a legitimate center left TV production
The real problem with late night television lately has been it's gotten overly political. More often than not, they're very partisan and basically play to the same views that the Hollywood elites have. They regularly smear the right and fawn over leftist tropes like gun control. We as viewers want to be entertained, not informed. Fox's show Gutfeld has quietly become one of the highest, if not the highest, rated late night show because it's so much of what the other talk shows are not. Granted, I'm not necessarily saying I agree or disagree with any of these hosts' views but as a country built on limited government and the ability to express views freely, these hosts seem to miss the point of what the free market is about: Giving us what we want to hear, not need to hear.
It already died when it went woke.
btw what happened to that late show lilly singh was hosting? did it survive even the one season?
I want to know how this all compares to Graham Norton and his ratings.
Oh, also most of the modern hosts are partisan hacks
I record Colbert on my DVR and watch it over breakfast the following morning.
I've genuinely been watching Eddy since he was at 50k and this makes me so happy to see him POP TF OFF with his content and get recognition
Colbert could've been great but he went safe, way too conservative n old.
Jimmy Fallon is unbelievably unfunny, even more so than any of the other hosts. During the pandemic, I watched some of his clips and without the laugh track, he is so damn bland. My brain was fooled by the audience telling me where the joke is supposed to be
One was British? Bro doesn't know where Scotland is
people that stay in hotels without a fire stick have no choice but watch late night TV
James taking over Craig Ferguson what a downfall 😅
“What’s my name?”  👁️ 👄 👁️
Honestly, Conan is the only person I can watch who’s entertaining.  Hell, Jon Stewart is someone definitely left of me, but I think he’s a funny and entertaining guy.   But I’d take Conan over all these other hosts.
Good
Bro! You definately lost the genes loterry...My jaw dropped when you said "I'm 26 yrs old"  LOL I assumed you must be at least 38.
Everytime I tuned in it was joking about Donald Trump. Every. Single. Fucking. Second. It's not funny. It's called irony.  And it is BORING. Colbert = BORING, Kimmel = BORING, Myers = BORING, Cordon= BORING. Conan Obrien is the only funny one among them. Jimmy Kimmel looked thoroughly pissed when Cordon couldn't name a cameraman's name.
I never understood the Jimmy Fallon hate. He does laugh too much, and the NFT thing was dumb, but that’s all harmless yeah? He seems like a genuinely fun guy in my opinion. Not incredible, but just good fun.
It hurts how bad it’s gotten.
they all turned into social justice democrat loving commies peddling poison.
Jimmy Kimmels NBA/Sports content is his saving grace and Guillmero is an absolute showstopper.
WOW!!!  How indoctrinated you must be to completely leave out the new king of late night. Do you know how to read the ratings for late night tv?  Blowing away these frauds in the ratings, yes even the networks, GUTFELD is destroying the competition. 11 ET Fox News!  I know the snowflakes can't watch Fox without a security blanket and pacifier, but you're missing out, GUTFELD is actually funny!  Oh, and check the ratings again.
You are being way to kind to these unfunny assholes.
That Fallon-Hilton NFT video is straight up cancer inducing cringe. Just the most cynical corporate joyless things I have ever seen.  Oh and also, Craig Ferguson is and always will be the MVP of late night.
Very rarely watched the drivel that is the late night TV shows, won’t miss them one bit!
So honoured to be your first guest 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Ngl quarantine late night shows were actually much better, I feel a lot more personal when they talk to a camera, then an audience. And overall, I just think it was a better system.
Wow, what a journey, thank you good sir.
Johnny Carson , Conan O’Brien, Jay Leno never got political. Late Night is not funny at all now.
As far as a representative of the international audience goes, I've been along for the ride since the early moments of daily show with Jon Stewart, as the era of then high-speed p2p-sharing came about. I've never known any other format than the digital realm for late night shows, so it's strange to put this video into this context. The appeal that Stewart had with TDS (and still has now with his current show), the Colbert report, and now predominantly Seth Myers, is the good political satire and the occasional relevant interviews in a smart format. Any other content would simply feel like a waste of time - and the brits have already perfected that realm with their gameshowesque approach (Mock The Week, QI, Have I got news for you etc.)
John Oliver (and his team, of course) is doing seriously good investigative reporting. And his format is perfect for YouTube. Glad you mentioned him.
Sooooo boooooring.   Why so many views?
Colbert was on Epstein island
seth is way too political but I agree that his YT videos were great
The Fallon bit about NFTs is actually what made me vow never to watch his sketches again. Paris Hilton and Fallon share the same agent. Who happens to be an early investor in bored apes. So he gave them one of his NFTs in exchange for free promotion, and they pretended they bought them and how they're such a great deal. Of course we know how it went. I'm surprised they didn't get sued for willingly promoting a scam. And if it's unwilling, then I guess it shows how stupid they are...
Great video. I cackled at Paris Hilton having the audacity to say she made the ape. They tried the diverse late night tv host with Lilly but it was god awful. Like awful
Graham Norton's show is the best, period.
Really wish Colbert didn’t make such stinky stinky smelly smelly awful awful animated shows cause he seems like a real swell genuine guy
No way ur 26 you gotta be like 30-32
Conan is an absolute legend. When the writers strike of 2007 happened he kept spinning his wedding ring just to fill airtime and he managed to keep his show entertaining.  Even more so is the fact that he paid the salaries of nearly 80 staff members whose jobs were idled because of the strike out of his own pocket.
Every time I see another clip of Crosswalk the Musical I am driven further to the edge
I'm still mad that James Corden replaced Craig Ferguson.
Good, it needs to go
That mustache is epicly beautiful!
I actually used to like James Corden’s Late Late Show when I was younger, but it got tiresome fast, after the first dozen episodes that I really enjoyed as the dumb kid I was it got really boring and really stale and stopped being funny by like the third Car Karaoke they did, if it was ever funny before then. I don’t completely hate him, but “his” jokes got boring quickly and he’s terrible, arguably worse than on the Late Late Show, in any other media ever, especially in Cinderella and Cats. Hated him in both of those.
I never liked Corden in the least, nor Fallen, but I do like Kimmil, Cobert.
Having a cable package and also having a life schedule which suits TV schedules is just not in the modern lifestyle. I work a 30hour job with a weekly rota. It gives me time for my hobbies and freelance work while still having a level of stability. Scheduled TV when I work this kind of job just wouldn't work. I'd miss random nights every week. Online I can catch it when I'm free. As technology continues to make workloads lighter on workers, we will have more and more job flexibility, and more free time. Eventually we will cross a threshold where scheduled programming may work again, but in this time where technology is slowly changing most industries, both creative and manual, we don't (as a mass population) have the stability to consistently watch scheduled TV.
Jimmy Kimmel go from such a funny show like The Man Show Thule milquetoast Bland late-night show?
It would be alright if they all went away,permanently.
I swear this is some of the most interesting stuff. I know late Night isn't made for kids but I started watching Conan at around 14 when he got his own show on tbs and got into other late night once I didnt have access to cable. wish I would have started younger to really see the last of David letterman though
Lost all respect for your comedy tastes when you said you watch current day SNL and like seth myers. lol And the example clip you show of how "hilarious" seth is involves him going "who ate my weed gummies?" followed by him showing clips of random staff and saying their names in a weird schoolteacher voice. "Andy? Karen? Steven?" How is that funny exactly? It could have been funny maybe if he cut to close ups of people in the audience. These shows have become bad enough but seeing them without an applause sign in their houses and the deathly silence after every punchline is painful. There are a couple reasons late night is struggling. One is the hosts suck. Two is that they have become incredibly politically polarizing which alienates a lot of the country. Take a look at 90s SNL mocking the Gore v Bush debates. Both sides are made fun of. Now look at modern day SNL having a comedian dressed as hilary singing a sad love song after she lost. Where is the funny? Trump was really damaging to modern comedy because of his extreme overuse. 90s Conan would do typically one Bush joke in is monologue each night. Modern Conan I saw once do an ENTIRE monologue about Trump. The entire thing. That is crazy. Then there is the element of massive phoniness many of these new hosts have. Colbert dancing with the people dressed as vaccines is max cringe. There arent even any attempts at jokes, the entire dance is clearly pandering to the pharmaceutical sponsors. Kimmel once said after a mass shooting that he wouldnt talk about things like that on his show because he wanted it to be a sanctuary from those things where people could go to laugh and be happy. Now that he has become so political we have him crying over shootings in his monologue and calling the then president a nazi. I couldnt even tell you if Conan or Leno were liberals or conservatives. They didnt preach and they made fun of everything. There is no question at all where every single one of these comedians stand.
@MIDNIGHT IS AN ELITE SHOW. I DIDN’T HEAR ABOUT THE REBOOT AND IM SO EXCITED
the breath of shit night peepee
You forgot all about Green Gutfeld on Fox who’s rating are higher than most here and climbing ! If you are going to do something do it correctly! You list all credibility!
5:05 One of the "old" group was British too. So don't give them credit for being more diverse than they were. 😢
please restock, this is the only merch drop i've ever been tempted by!
Some younger folks now don't even realize Stephen Colbert had his own show before the Late Show. I swear on my life that The Colbert Report was some of the best late night comedy I've ever seen on television.
Honestly writers should get more then there asking for they write everything we enjoy and love and I wouldn’t have the shows and movies that we love
the song at the end of the video sounded pretty, who sang that?
Craig Ferguson was our last hope.
John Oliver is king
I think the main reason streaming services and if not the soul reason they are the dominant force is, we can pay to watch what we want and WITHOUT COMMERCIALS. Especially when watching quick 23 min shows. My mom watches the office on Comedy Central sometimes and it literally blows my mind she’s watching a show, that we can watch on a streaming service that we pay for, commercial free, yet she still watches it on the network (to be fair she’ll pause it and let it play so she can fast forward but she always catches up and has to watch commercials again it blows my effing mind)
should be noted that James Corden once showed up (uninvited) to his staff writers union meeting along with some producers to advocate to pay them EVEN LESS
Can’t stand James cordon jimmy falon or Jimmy kimmel all cringe and not funny
boomers
Their just not funny
You're 26??? How
Great tax write off for that suit!!
Why are they all named James
This guy needs to watch The Chris Gethard Show
I stopped watching Late Night TV after Conan aired his last episode on NBC. I may have accidentally seen some Fallon but I rest assured, the only part of it I like is how he somehow kidnapped The Roots.
I can’t believe you would spend the money on flowers for that
You're apathetic to Kimmel of all people? He gets extremely political!
Genz killed comedy too political🤮🤮🤮🤮
Eddy PLEASE restock your merch, it's already sold out and it's only been a week :(
Why all of the hosts can't share their income and wealth with their writers? That's exactly what they're often promoting on their shows
Honestly what has killed late night is politics. Politics kill entertainment
Timestamp where henmentions the woke one sided political propaganda?
Yes the rise of internet media and viral videos definitely plays a role, the quarantine played a role, but, and perhaps you didn't notice because your politics may align, but the political shift is a large part as well. It was successful during a certain election because it was the thing at the time. But regularly placing yourself at odds with a large number of potential viewers is no way to build ratings. The old talk shows were focused on being funny and promoting the celebrity, it shifted to being relevant and everyone lost interest.
this dude is 26 ? dayum
stopped watching after carson and letterman.
I must say I did not realize James Corden had ended his show. Another sign Late Night is Dead.
2:48 Some people also like Hitler Like Kanye
you are 26?? good lord. You look like an old Silent Bob.
If Late Night With Conan O'Brien was still a thing, I'd definitely watch just for that.
Did you know that the Colbert Report was really popular with conservatives? Apparently satire isn't really effective.
The James' crosswalk bit was so funny I couldn't laugh hard enough. Thank you
Jimmy Kimmel has done lots of problematic stuff in the past. Simply because he didn't address many of them is the reason I greatly dislike him. Would've been interesting to bring up :)
Conan is just way too smart
Great to see Eddy 9 Pins back in action!
James Corden once showed up to a WGA meeting for late night writers to advocate for lower pay for late night writers, and Jimmy Fallon is now the first late night host to stop paying his staff during the strike.
Late Night TV died many years ago... What people have been watching is the rigomortis....
Wow I didnt realize there were so many late night shows
this is the realest video i’ve watched this year frfr
James Corden was good as a side host but that's really it.
Seth Myers is garbage.
#BradHartliep the #Greatest #LateNight #Host since #CraigFerguson .. and the only #Actor who can return #LateNight #Television to the greatest time slot in history ..
I stopped caring about late night shows a long time ago but the only one I’d ever watch on a consistent basis would be Conan O’Brien, especially when Bill Burr was being interviewed.
Goddamn that merch drop lookin GOOD
I prefer the Norton show over those ones anyways. Won’t be missing the awkward laughs and unimpressive jokes.
leave alice cooper alone! 😭
You nailed it exactly how I feel about Colbert now
Thank you SO MUCH for making this, for pop culture and comedy history!  (Justice for Hasan & Ziwe)
I'm still a big fan of Colbert and I watch the clips every night but I definitely don't watch it on network.
26?  Really?🥺 I'm sure it's nothing a spa day can't help. Great job on the video. Now go get some rest and consider the spa day.
Stephen Colbert is biased and unapologetic with his opinions and views, he's been very divisive and treated people who disagreed with him, entire swathes of our country with disdain and contempt. He may be passionate and even compassionate, but Stephen Colbert is no role model, no humanitarian, just a performer. He is no better than those he criticizes.
Seth Meyers really found himself during quarantine. I loved Colbert's show too. Seth Meyer's Corrections segment is fabulous.
Bro I’m older than you, what the hell I thought you were like 40.
that john cena meme got me
Oh, snap! This is embarrassing, but while I always noticed the difference, I don’t think I ever consciously noticed that Kimmel and Fallon were not the same Jimmy. I did a triple take to realize you’d switched people.
your hair length looks excellent
Eddy has way too many ads in his videos. Like waaayyy too many. Who even is this guy?
Personally could never stand Trever Noah, since John Stuart left, it just isn’t the same for me
Honestly I did like James Cordons late show when it first came out, then I found out he’s a “bloody cunt” as the British say
You're 26? You look like 46 bro. Lose the stache
Last week tonight with John Oliver surpasses them all
Yeah I only watch live TV for sports
you're missing the colbert chapter marker unless that's intentional.
Thanks
I didn’t realize you were tall
Late night TV died in 2016.
The appreciation for Conan in the comments is 100% deserved, I Iove him!!!
I love how so many of us love Craig Ferguson and Conan.
Conan is the best! I’ve been watching him since his first show on Late Night w/ Conan.
As a person from the UK, we were completely baffled as to why the US allowed James Corden onto your screens and we pray you do not return him to us.
Fuck Late Night. The institution is dead
I stopped watching any of it the day Conan stopped
Colbert’s quarantine show was the best. I watched every monologue on YouTube the morning after. As soon as he was back in studio with an audience I completely lost interest and stopped watching.
It’s for publicists and marketers and managers to push their products and having a premier portfolio that is literally the only reason it exists . Even though less people see it. It’s a resume builder for the money people, product sellers etc .
Colbert is a nut job im my opinion. Any of his vaccine skits just prove that.
corden doesn’t even deserve to be in the conversation here.
conan and craig ferguson are the goats of late night no debate, fuck james corden
stephen colbert and seth meyers are two of my comfort shows fr like theyre just wholesome, nice guys who love their wives and kids... they also seem to be such good friends with the majority of people they interview and it really shows that it's more like people just having a conversation over a celeb coming on to do promo and getting asked the same 5 questions. also i like that theyre more political than the jimmies and theyre able to explain current news stories in a way that i can understand but it still informative and educated.  also someone give hasan minhaj another show PLEASE i miss the patriot act soso much!!!
Conan is in a different league. He’s not the same.
This is great! (Algorythm)
It died when Carson retired.
Conan and letterman will always be the only talk shows I can watch. Conan and his remote segments were fantastic
Cable was the first bullet. Once you had options, networks were hit. I believe adult swim was the second bullet. People my age had something to see late at night now tailored to them. No new generation watching late night. The final bullet in the back of the head was podcasts. Podcasting showed what interviews and conversations can be, and made it clear how plastic and synthetic late night shows are.
Late Night shows need to be culturally and socially relevant. While we have seen the format change with the evolution of media and how it’s consumed, also keep in mind Late Night was never designed for international audiences.  What Late Night TV was, was an aggregate of pop culture for media consumption. What is pop culture in a global society? It’s no longer localized to their immediate communities. People can afford to care less about their own culture and community, just as much as people can now care more and engage with foreign cultures and communities.  In that scope if people want their fix of popular culture entertainment, the late show has become a very archaic, and just does not reach the amount of people Twitter and YouTube does, and to a much more diverse audience.
The Pete Holmes Show was great
I only feel sad for Conan, the rest can go to hell
Always loved watching Craig Ferguson with my grandma. Miss you nana
What hurts about Colbert, is that he has the potential to be the best out of all of them
It’s just a mouthpiece for radical leftist propaganda.
Didn't Conan O'Brien retire before the pandemic I thought he did for some reason I could be wrong Just curious
Fallon and Conan are the only ones I ever liked. Fallon purely because my dad, who was in charge of the Universal Studio Tour for 5 or so years, met Fallon a few times and he spoke so highly of how kind he was. Taking him out to lunch a few times and he did a run on the tour once just for fun. Guy is just a pretty good person who is having fun. Conan is just hilarious and easily the funniest of late night hosts.
Conan was honesty the only one I gave a shit about. I think it was his cynicism and the fact that he was self aware that everything they did on the show was to waste time.
genuinely a good video.
9:49 im like. 80% sure josh gad was said at the end of the list as a joke about him not being as big of a celebrity as the others but of those three josh gad is 100% my favorite and i did a double take irl shdkfjhsakdlfjhas
Colbert was good until Colbert became trump deranged
Your work is excellent!
Aah man, I thought Eddy was going to surprise propose to his girlfriend during a funny end bit, it was just the bit. 🙁
I stopped watching this video when the poster started giving his opinion about how waiting staff at restaurants handle food allergies.
Soon, the only center-left late night talk show left will be the one and only Adam Friedland Show!
I had gotten terribly jaded about late night show hosts and I realized that my internal representation of their personalities had grown warped. Thank you for your retrospective and for humanizing these people.
Colbert did unaired questions with the audience on the colbert report
As an Irishman I've almost no constant exposure to any of these hosts, but from what ihave seen Stephen Colbert is by far the most relatable and easy to watch because hes rarely cringey
This was an insightful video - I think having sincere diverse voices and allowing them to mature would be helpful and unique . The fact that Hassan and Ziwe show was cancelled speaks directly to That idea - it’s not just diversity that looks different but a different spin too
I like Last Week Tonight. It’s fun
The Tom Green.late night show was one.of my favorite
I pretty much only watch Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (the full episodes on youtube)
I literally only learned about James Corden prior because of Doctor Who.
Let's not pretend that the political jokes overwhelmingly slant towards one side.  Older audiences for TV tend to be more conservative and late night is further left than what would be their typical audience.
"As a 26 year old"... really? You look about 40, man.
I still miss Craig Ferguson
Isn't Gutfeld huge in the ratings now?
Anyone else remember the size of the crowd Johnny Carson used to pull for his audiences? They were huge. As to late night in more modern times, I really miss Craig Ferguson.
Craig Ferguson and Conan were the only good ones.
Every late night show has turned into a B.S. fest like the View.. people are tired of being talked to like idiots, and lied to by these agenda pushing clowns..  they all suck if you ask me
I don't watch any of these shows. They are boring .....kind of like Monty Pythons "A complete waste of time"
Late night British tv- specifically graham norton just oh my god. American late night needs to take a note.
The problem with the new late night hosts is they turned off 50% of their viewers when they all developed Trump Derangement Syndrome.
Good riddance!
yeah but... Conan and John Oliver.
nice content
Got my subscription.
Conan is awesome, but I lost all respect for the rest of them especially Kimmel. Even as a 30 year fan of Stern, I can’t listen to him anymore either
"but one was British" John Oliver took that comment personally, either that or he's happy to not be remembered as the British man lecturing Americans about how terrible they are
Stephen Colbert and Trevor Noah have been my favourites, for different reasons, but I agree with everything you say here. I’m Norwegian though, so I obviously don’t watch the shows live 😅
Caught up on the late night lore now!
Conan O’Brien and Craig Ferguson need to come back. Kimmel is ok, Fallon is a mystery as to how he ever got the job, and Corden sucked. Seth is fine. Stephen Colbert is his own act and odd man out, excellent writers but his interviewing skills are cringeworthy on a good day.
Bro you're 26!? Sheesh... lol this is enough youtube for today
No mention at all of the fact that nearly all these talk show hosts went hard left politcally in 2016, effectively turning off half the country who votes for the right and also all the people who dont want to watch any political propoganda in general.
Watch the clip of colbert acting all sad and honest with Andrew Garfield, now realize they already rehearsed that before taping so its the second or third time "acting" tha t scene out
Conan, Colbert, Kimmel. Top 3
Jimmy Fallon is so fake, even his laughs are forced
late night doesnt cover politics? lol thats all they cover.
Everyone in the video thumbnail except Conan is mediocore or cringey. Craig ferguson and letterman were good. Fallon, Colbert, Meyers and Noah are all cringey af
this guy is so LA it hurts
What Eddy’s only 26? He looks like 1970s 26.
I used to love that ish
I do remember the Jay Leno thing quite vividly. I already hated him but this was another level .He had no shame at all when it came to taking the show back from Conan. Even when he was getting roasted by Jimmy Kimmel on his own show in one of the few times I actually liked Jimmy Kimmel as well since he had come to late night from the freaking 'Man Show' which, if you've never heard of it you should thank your lucky stars, ended every episode with girls in bikinis jumping on trampolines. High quality entertainment if there ever was right there.
I could care less about any of these liberal tools.
James Corden has ruined James Corden for me. He's on a couple of really good Doctor Who episodes I now cannot watch because he's on them even though he was at the time one of the reasons I did watch them. Isn't time confusing?
Very nice video
I‘m from Germany and we have late night shows here that still are very successful actually. I think the main difference is the daily format. You just can‘t produce quality content daily, while here once a week we get super interesting deep dives on important topics for example on „ZDF Magazin Royale“. Also quality content on the internet not just extracts make it feel more tuned into current society.
I agree. But you seem like a jaded person that doesn’t need to that mad over dumb shit. Dose this actually matter to you?
23:05 your fly is down
8:20 are these sets prepped in advance? I hope so. That would be a d**k move if it wasn’t
I just started re-watching Colbert Report 2006. The most talented man on TV at the time just amazing how he can be smart and funny while in character. Where is that guy?
Thats an easy one  . Johnny Carson died.
I literally forgot James Corden existed until you brought it up.. thanks a lot 😒
Late night tv? You mean left wing propaganda? Yea, it's no wonder why they are pure shit now. Sad thing is many of those sellouts used to be funny comedians before they dove head first into political propaganda.  Not one of them hasn't.  Not one.
Awesome video
Late night tv is going away like Saturday morning cartoons. But unlike the cartoons, hardly anyone will miss it.
👍👍
5:07 dude! Are you forgetting Trevor Noah?!?!!!
Loved seeing James Corden's face get beet red and uncomfortable when asked any cameraman's name. Absolutely delicious schadenfreude.
Great analysis but I wish you would have devoted more time to Trevor Noah.
I would follow Eddie to cable tv… I think we all would
The writers suck and haven't written anything funny in years
Long live the GOAT The Irish Cokaroooooo ! Conan
If only Kimmel didnt go Woke.... (sigh)
I hope I walk across the corden crosswalk some day.
Podcasts destroyed the Late Night and Sitcoms industries.
Craig Ferguson left before late late night went totally stale. Steven Colbert is the new standard....but likely the last of his kind.
You're alive! No uploads in 2 months, I just assumed you had died.
A writer strike seems like a bad idea during the same time period GPT-4 takes over the world.
So DAPPER in your suit
thank you for talking about the strike!!!!!
I was genuinely so sad that Patriot Act didn't continue
20:04 Bro you don’t need a cable package, you just need a $20 TV antenna! They broadcast that stuff for free, dude.
I just turned 50 and i haven't watched network TV like live since 2009! And i havent had cable sinve 2005.
Craig Ferguson called it in, so why bother to watch late night..its terrible.
Bro I thought james cordon was gay
I feel like if late night shows just moved to an internet platform they'd do way better
Omg your moustache makes it look like your lips are lagging please shave
Haven't really watched Late Night since Ferguson retired. Used to watch Kimmel and Conan, but never was really into anyone else.
Honestly, I’m surprised it took ‘til the pandemic for you to stop watching live tv. I’m 30, and stopped back in 2011
23:03, your fly is undone (like halfway at least) lol
Also really hard to like the current late night shows when 90% of the time their "joke" is centered around making fun of half of the country.
Imagine... those videos were never made.
Conan was the last great late night show host.
dude omg i love john oliver but I've literally only ever watched his show on youtube lmao
Every year Late Night TV is dying 😂😂😂😂😂
My parents watched Johnny Carson EVERY NIGHT.  I remember lying in bed between them, loving the old time humor!
I watched Jimmy Fallon a couple times for The Roots ngl
eddy dont let displate sponor you, they let people profit off of stolen art
Can’t believe there’s not one mention of late night shows ruining themselves for telling people how to vote. Remember politics are funny just don’t blatantly show a side.
Late night TV died with the wrap of "Night Flight"
Out of Scriptwriters ?   STOP EATING SCRIPTWRITERS you can order a pizza... it tastes almost the same  (free cheesy remark included)
If writers can go on strike why cant struggling actors do tye same, its kinda fucked that they are doing this and halting everything
They need to up the funny and drop the political stuff.
HOW YOU GONNA END ON STEPHEN LIKE THAT
Jimmy fallon is my favorite because he treats everyone is a lot of respect & it's fun watching him play the games with his guests and interview them but I only watch when one of my kpop groups is on. James Corden literally insulted BTS' fans which is definitely not the way you want to go for your guests. They were on once after that then never again.
The death of late-night TV goes along with the death of network TV. If Jonny Carson was still alive and hosting the Tonight Show it would be struggling in this current streaming on demand world. Also, people are so over celebrities. Who cares about what they think or do outside of being the trained court jesters they are.
The most hilarious part is that their writers are on strike, these talentless hacks can't even be funny without another unfunny hack writing the "comedy".
Fine recommendation algorithm, I'll watch this. This thumbnail has stalked me for days ;)
TBH I can't actually remember the last time I watched a late night show
Late Night television is in a flat spin and is quickly falling to the ground. Gonna be a massive explosion when it hits.
ziwe getting cancelled broke me. i need her back NOW
Guys, James Corden is at a stoplight performing a bit and he goes to stand on the hood of your car, how quickly do you run him over
This video has an almost unwatchable amount of ads wow
Gordon is British how much British tv do you watch? Exactly
Ahh I completely forgot pedro was in that video, why did you remind me
It's called a writers strike but ok
Trevor Noah just sucked, paled in comparison to Jon Stewart
I’ve no interest in late night tv, yet was completely captivated by this content. Thank again, Eddy.
Last Week Tonight is critically underrated. Amazing news comedy show.
I respect that you shouted out The Roots in this vid, they definitely have some great music
You ever watch the Larry Sanders Show? Hilariously nails some of the crap that happens behind the scenes of late night television.
True, I'm not watching them live but I always watch their YouTube clips.
How is there a writer's strike when it costs $50 to photocopy "TRUMP BAD" five-hundred times?
As soon as I heard the audience clap for the Ape NFT, I knew they’re probably all actors
Last time I actually watched a late show was the late late show with Craig
Biggest news is @Midnight returning. Good memories there.
As much as this WGA strike is killing my neater savings, I really hope they can secure a better contract, so the rest of us below the line can fight for more equitable compensation for the sacrifices we make to make rich people richer.
Calling Jimmi Fallon a “great interviewer” is so far off base.
Amazing video
The hopscotch jump at the end was a nice touch.
I don't think anyone is too hard on Fallen. His interviews are extremely cringe, especially when he interviews other comedians.
Conan was nothing like the rest. He was last of the greats
Craig Ferguson was the best.
rip bozo
Craig Ferguson should’ve gotten the step up to the Late Show. To this day I believe this
When Conan was still on yeah, but it seems like after that, it all went down hill. Trevor Noah was great to watch though. And I really don’t like Conan doing a podcast, it’s usually just him making fun of himself most of the time and Sona pretending people care what she has to say.
I miss Conan, his was somehow apolitical  when the others were going all into politics
Conan is the only funny one
i used to watch conan, but in brazil it was like 4 pm on HBO hehe
The Adam Friedland Show will revolutionize the talk show genre and bring back late night.
I completely disagree. It’s the golden age of late night right now. Fallon and Kimmel alone are killing it. Ten years ago you had Kimmel struggling, Craig Ferguson muttering incomprehensible nonsense to a robot and Conan trying to recover from Jay’s garage. Now you have Colbert and Meyers and just the most killer hosts.
The last time I did this was in 2008. We will watch SNL from beginning to end once in a while. Also, Seth's Youtube clips are the best. Late night really died when Letterman and Jon Stewart both retired.
Did you forget about Trevor Noah? I feel like everybody ignores his show along with Amber Ruffin's and Samantha Bee's show:(
I watch colbert monologs on the internet. That's it.
FINALLY LET IT DIE
I watch almost every Closer Look on YouTube the next morning and go through phases of watching Seth's entire show on Peacock when I get home the next day. That being said I have no idea how many people actually watch the show when it airs at 12:35 in the morning because I certainly don't. I think they've actually started posting A Closer Look on YouTube a few hours before the show.
Bro why you had to racialize l
Bring back Craig!
Think its sad really, conans show was the best, end of an era
Does anyone actually watch tv anymore?  I haven't watched anything for weeks. Already cancelled my cable.  Going internet only. Doing it already, so it saves me a nice buck!
Adult Swim still exists what are you talking about? Its not dead.
As someone from the UK I was actually shocked to see the actual viewing figures what what are supposedly major tv shows in the US. We have replays of old 70's sitcoms that get more viewers! Nice to know it's a general shift in the world.
Late night died when Letterman left.
Seeing Conan on the thumbnail made me 😢 but also he’s the only small handful of late night host who juggles humoring everyone perfectly from audience, to employees/crew. Plus his show has been done for a long time. I love the Dapper Dan segment.
Conan is the only truly talented one amongst that group. The rest turned into partisan hacks.
Thank you for making it easy to leave james corden, in other intellectual words :  RIPBOZO KEK  😂🤙
Yeah pretty much the older generation is what pays for cable. There’s just no point for a cable package anymore when you can get your content with only internet.
i just wanted to say that crosswalks in america are so weird... in most countries you either have traffic lights so you know when you can walk or you have a pedestrian crossing where everyone gives way to someone crossing, no traffic lights involved.
so are the yikes banners going to go up for Sale along with the clothes line?
I cant stand kimmel because he's so one- sided and hypocritical.  There alot to make fun of with biden and hunter, but he has them on as guests .hes doing his part to influence politics
the part of me that is trying to heal with inner child work is so happy that Eddy did the hopscotch that was drawn in chalk
John Oliver is my favourite.
26! 😮 WTF man!
you grew up watching conan on TBS? (his 3rd show??) how young r u
I just catch the monologs on youtube instead of waiting for late night
I fully support the writers strike. I also believe that this should be a starting point for more workers to strike. As a full time Uber driver, we get less than half of what the rider is charged. Thats kinda insane when you think about it. I think if we went on strike the nation would come to a screeching halt. I also think most minimum wage workers should strike. Teachers should strike. Any job that is essential yet workers feel/are treated as though we need the job more than the job needs us, should strike.
You are 26?!
They got too political, they all got what they deserved. Every other so called "joke" was either about Trump or the right. Its like having a McDonald's on every single street corner within a 2 mile radius. Eventually they will all close, because its literally the same thing over and over and over again.
The death of regular TV
I have the same phobia as Alice Cooper and hoo boy that clip made me mad.
Bruh gal gadot sucks ong 😂
I am part of the Craig Ferguson cult following. It was a late night show where, on one side of the host, there was the co-host - a gay robot skeleton. On the other side, there were two guys in a horse suit. The guest, a famous actor would come on, the movie they're in would be mention once and then Craig would ask them something along the lines of "So? How's it been for you? Have you been swimming a lot?" and before that his monologue would have like a minute of silence after a weird joke. True punk version of the late night formula.
Conan O'Brien is the best Smart, funny and ginger 😂 what else do you people want?! ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!
Conan is the goat. Meanwhile Colbert has basically become a propaganda show for the Democratic Party. He's gotten way too political like most of the Late Night Shows. Out of all the others Jimmy Fallon seems to be the most genuine and decent person of them. Unlike Cordon who a two faced snake 🤮
I was waiting for the deep dive on Conan too. Bummer - great video though!
Jimmy Kimmel and Guillermo is s tier. Conan got jipped so hard when I was young. Screw u leno
Dude those are called bits, they’re fake
Damnit Eddy now I’m gonna buy more displates
Yeah I don't watch TV, unless it's sports
L
No Jay Leno  on the cover art? Lol
Conan ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Craig Ferguson. Where are you when we need you?  Dude? 🙏
Trump exposed and killed these late night shows
I'm sure the fact they all become super political had nothing to do with decline of late night... instead it was probably because people got bored of celebrity...
Conan O'Brian show was my fav when i was younger.  He's the best
I stopped watching live tv in like 2015 for the most part.  Streaming services were close.  But now it's hella saturated and im back to youtube, reels also fudged my brain into a short attention span.  Late night is long
Pedro is a progressive *****
You are 26??
YouTube why tf I not get notified about this. Bell is rung YouTube!!!
I literally have never watched late night tv. I can't stand the hosts except Conan, everyone likes Conan. I'm frankly not sure why I watched this video, and I'm even less sure about what watching to completion says about me.
Does anyone else remember the screaming baby on a plane incident?.....
😂😂😂❤❤❤
Yes... We watch late night TV just like we watch everything, online. We subscribe and usually start the day watching late night TV on YouTube. Everyone keeps saying it's dying when it's just evolving like everything else.
Great interview? It’s all written wtf are you talking about it’s all fake that’s why people don’t watch and those YouTube videos only get played cause they’re on the top of everyone’s recommended or front page of YouTube this video sucks
Craig = GOAT
James Corden is a yeast infection
Hope all the same energy is going to be sent back to us at the UAW when we have to strike in October. We’ll need all the support we can get because the whole country will be at our throats telling us to bend to our bosses wills. Go writers, and support all unions!
I mean honestly it was all trash anyways.  I had a hard time believe people really watched it all the time.
@EddyBurback Even in late night's heyday, no one watched a late night episode on TV from beginning to end.  You watched the monolog, then you either changed the channel, turned off the TV, or fell asleep during the rest of the episode.  Maybe you as a Comedian watched the whole episodes because that's learning your craft, but the rest of us didn't bother. Well maybe in the pre-cable pre-VCR rabbit ears era, when you only had 3 networks plus 2-3 local channels, maybe then you watched the whole episode cuz you didn't have anything to change the channel to.  Honestly  YouTube has revived late night for me.  I don't think I've watched since '90s upstarts like Arsenio, early Conan, and didn't Joan rivers take a Crack at it back then too?
You lost me at Seth Myers being any good. Ick.
Pedro Pascal sucks.
Yeah honestly, I'm eighteen, and my family doesn't even own a TV anymore. With the rise of streaming services for my parents and youtube for me and my brother, we all get our entertainement from somewhere else. Granted, we weren't ever the target demographic for late night TV (aka we're french) but I've seen this happen for a ton of people who just...don't watch TV at all. I suspect not only late night TV, but other stuff like episodic releases or live mid-day news reports for example are also nearing their end
When they went political they lost half of their viewing audience.  On an already dwindling format this was the nail in the coffin.  No one wants to be lectured to in their off time.
It became a liberal hack fest
For those with short attention spans, the main takeaway is at 20:25.
Conan and Ferguson are the last to do it right. It's dead now. Late night has become a propaganda machine.
What is the with the touchiness of this male host toward young female guests?
I don’t know many things but I can trust a man that chooses his hats wisely and of the correct size
I really love Conan, one of my favorite talk shows
I’m from Ireland & from 90% of the clips alone most of these “Late Night Show” are just glorified advertisements or promotions …   There’s no real conversations or interactions it all seems very forced/staged..  Conan is my favourite anything I’ve seen of him has been really good & genuine ..
I think that interaction with Colbert and Andrew Garfield makes me see Colbert in a different light but then I remember the fact that he dehumanized Trump because of political differences and then he pushed an anti, anti vaxx campaign and that makes me realize that people like him don't really care
The writers should only be paid more if they wrote better shows/movies.
Conan was the last good host. I couldn't imagine ever being a "fan of late night". All of the hosts you mentioned are insufferable pricks
Can confirm, this holds true for other countries as well. I'm 33, when i was a teen, it was kind of special to watch our own poltical comedy and satire shows with my dad on late night tv. If the episode particularly good or relevant, we'd even get an extension on our bedtime (usually my parents would send us to our rooms around 10pm so they could have some alone time). Now though? I have multiple TVs at home but we don't watch traditional live tv AT ALL. EVER. It's just not interesting. If there's a really good take/episode on political talkshows or satire shows, i can catch it online whenever i want. I don't plan my day around what show is on at what time. And it's the same with american late night as well. My partner and i love sitting down to watch monologues or political satire segments - but we do it over breakfast, if at all.  We really, really loved Hassan minhaj on Patriot Act. We watched that show religiously, every weekend over breakfast. We were extremely sad when it got cancelled.   I just don't care about all of the cult of personality though. I don't care who these people are, i care about their content. I also don't care about celebrities at all, so that's a huge part of late night that's just irrelevant to me, and why it's so convenient to just catch "comedy news" on youtube.   I think these shows would do really well if they just went to netflix (or another online streaming service). Large portions of their audience are already also watching online. The live component just isn't as important anymore today, i feel. I'd be really happy if partiot act came back :/
I don’t think it’s helping that with streaming shows and a lot of blockbuster movies, the writing feels like it’s been phoned in for a while now. Take Ant Man Quantumania. Marvel spent around 200 million on that movie and somehow either forgot to pay their writing team or hired writers who phoned it in. I don’t know… same with Star Wars. Everything except Andor has been “meh” for quite a while. Mandalorian was doing fine but now is “meh.” Almost all the movies on Netflix are phoned in from a writing perspective. Marvel’s shows especially have been embarrassingly bad with regard to writing as well. Maybe that’s wrong and there are a bunch of movies and shows I’m missing, but the general vibe I’m getting is that writers could do better and all my favorite franchises are going down. It’s hard not to feel like it’s their fault. This strike is sort of coming at a bad time. I suppose if what’s really happening is that they have too much being expected of them with too little compensation, then that would make sense. But the reality is I find myself a bit angry at them to be honest. Even if it isn’t their fault in the end, I’m just saying it feels like it is for me.
You're wrong.   The cult of woke or its predecessor political correctness - forced comedians to either self censor, or be cancelled.   Between Obama and Trump, comedians gravitated towards becoming hyper political. Sure politicians should be the butt of jokes, but thats all they could do.  Today, they simply aren't funny. You want comedy, look into non western media. Youll find them, and they are hilarious.   Why? They dont care about the cult of woke, and ignore it. As should all of you.
I watch A Closer Look but by the time it's out, I've always heard the same news from other YouTube Only channels. Meidas Touch, Bryan Tyler Cohen, Young Truks, etc
Welcome to the internet, Late Night. Your death was long ago, though you may have tried to find your way through it. TV as is stands just isn't the format that continues in this day and age. Information and entertainment was spread via specific time slots through a specific format, much like radio was. Radio was also slowly replaced by television, though still experienced in cars by responsible drivers. (I could go on about people in cars using their phones these days and causing the death and injury of thousands by day, but I digress). Information and entertainment is available at any time in this day and age. I posit that the internet is the death of Late Night, though it may have taken quite a long time.
Not me finding that Ziwe was cancelled with this video.
I feel like the corden camera man incident was a joke/to make him drink the drink for laughs. I've walked the crosswalk too & tbh the crosswalk lights do go that long. I was like why is this so long? Maybe it's an American thing who knows.  I've been to tapings of Corden & Fallon. I liked both. Both guys talked to the audience & Corden did a q&a with us as well. Fallon talked to us during music guest was setting up.  I prefer watching Fallon, Corden, Seth then maybe Colbert. As an Aussie we don't really get these guys on tv anymore so I've been watching them on YouTube for a while. I'm not big fan of Kimmel think only time I'll watch his interviews is mainly if MCU actor is on bc he's on ABC which goes with Disney.
11:28 is that corey lajoie
according to hg tudor cordon is a genuine clinical narcissist, and he is certainly NOT 'one of the most interesting hosts of all time', hes far closer to the opposite, hes also a fat - so.
Jimmy Kimmel earned my disgust with his prank encouragement:((
fine
I never thought much about it but yeah, the only time I actually watched Colbert's show instead of catching clips on Youtube was during quarentine. His greatest strenght is how genuine he can be, and the scripted late show format ends up working against that.
I swear to God I didn't even know Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy kimmel were different people. I just thought Fallon grew a beard got older suddenly
one word. liberals.
I miss both Craig and Conan so much! ❤😭 Genuinely entertaining besides watching reruns of Letterman and Carson.
SNL is so fire
What killed late night is they got political. When you make fun of 1/2 of your viewers everynight, they stop watching. When your ratings get cut in half, your show gets canceled.
Guess what?, we all get paid less when you adjust for inflation. It took me ten years to work up to 17 an hour at my job, now they start people at 15.
Conan and Colbert will always be my favorite hosts. Colbert Report was always the funniest talk show and Conan had that creative energy that nobody brings to late night anymore. Shame on the companies. I pray the writers get more flexibility and livability.
Wait, Ziwe got cancelled?! Figures, how many zoomers even know Showtime exists?
Trevor Noah did not "leave" the Daily Show. He got fired because all he did was spew misinformation so no one watched him.
As someone those parent's couldn't afford cable anymore growing up, late night TV was what I watched when I stayed up. This was the late 90s-mid 2000s. Out of all the hosts that were on during that time, Conan was my favorite. And still is. He (and adult swim) were one of my introductions to absurdist and self-deprecating humor.
When they started being propagandists for the ruling class is when they started to lose their audience.
2:48 genuinely had no idea this existed
I watch more late night tv from the 70s than ive ever watched of the last decade plus
I respect James Cordons resignation, didn't overstayed his welcome and he recognized the fad is losing its charm, no sense in getting buried with the genre
10:00 You played a video clip with the narrator saying that they programmed the light to last longer to facilitate the show.  This appeared in-line in your own video without further comment by you.  That is, you seem to be presenting it as truth, without any primary source.  Is that true, or did the other person just make it up?
4:40 I heard, eventually, that it was *not* Leno deciding he wanted his old job back.  It was all done with the producers, deciding (without Leno's input) to replace him, then asking him to return.  Leno was not the bad guy here.
Hey whatever happened to that roommate of yours? The one you did that podcast with who was like widely popular? Did you just piggy off him or what?
There's too much personal politics now in Late Night. I think it's selfish to water down a comedy show with political rants in your monologue. Also weird to be dividing your audience, cause you're that thirsty to be a politician now lol.
Just gonna say light night politic shows… I would never watch.
I think a lot of the reason that late shows are falling off is that people aren't consuming programming the way they used to. With people ditching cable and moving their focus completely to streaming platforms, late shows and their format just don't translate welll.
One thing I felt wasn’t touched on was how the older audience is also no longer looking to “late night” shows for their entertainment. My parents were both born in the early 50s, so they came of age during that era. Neither of them watch late night tv- and both are avid social media users in what would be considered their golden years. It’s funny how the shift transcends multiple eras. All Other touch points were agreeable
Colbert fan here. As a political junkie, the only way I can get political news now is from comedians, specifically from Stephen. Otherwise it’s too depressing.
Who else here would unironically watch Eddy's one man internet late night show if he started uploading one?  Especially if it came with canned laughter.
Grew up watching the Johnny Carson show and gotta say he was the best of them all.. he knew how to make you laugh and brought in the most interesting cast of people to talk with. The guys nowdays are ok but not as comical as Carson. He played so many roles and made you watch til the show was done.
As a kid, Conan was where I heard about a lot of current events. What a time where I waited for a monologue at night to get caught up instead of being pounded by 24/7 notifications of the world
they went woke and got broke
Conan’s travel shows were so good. I hope there’s more
I have never subscribed to cable. Only time I watch it is at my family’s house. Haven’t watched TV regularly in probably 10 years when walking dead got worse
Americans are REALLY missing out on Graham Norton. He is BY FAR my favourite host. In fact, he’s the only one I’ll watch now.
I know Key & Peele is not a late night show but it's one of most influential ones for me because that's where I got my nickname from. My name is Blake but people call me blocay from that one scene
I loved Patriot Act! I can’t believe it got canceled.
I really appreciate the quality of Eddie’s videos lately. I’ve watched his recent videos at least 2 or 3 times each because they’re so well written !
And nothing of value was lost
my man, i don't own a TV for over 15 years.
You produce some of the finest pop culture punditry on the entire youtube platform
I just watch the late night news monologues on YouTube- I don’t care at all about the celebrity interviews, weird games or the bands. (Kimmel, Meyers, Colbert)
The opening monologues got lazy, political, and divisive.  It wasn't fun.  They were mean-spirited
Ziwe has a really good interview show & id like to see a few more late night shows taking a format like hers
I only watch A closer look and Corrections on YouTube.
the new banner appearing as you talk about times changing was an incredible choice
james (or his people) do a pretty admirable job of keeping his assholery off the radar — it wasn't until today i was aware james is such a priggard that, this wasn't just people meme-ing on hames just because he's a little bit chubby / flamboyant  fair enough  =====  i'm a 1982 baby  i was fortunate enough to be able to catch the tail end, of one of the greatest Cultural Eras of our humanity — the 1960s / 1970s  conan, and then ferguson, were the last vestiges of my own Late Night Talk Show-watching era; i regret having given leno as much of my time as i had — though, funnily enough, i do recall slowly growing a distaste for him, independent of all the other crap he'd eventually become known for (i think his "quizzing the dummies on the street" segment kicked it off i was 21 / 20, gradually coming to terms with the reality that many of my fellow man simply were destined to destroy themselves that, there simply was no hope, for a sizeable majority of them — if sages like george carlin, lewis black, pre-controversy bill maher, and other social commentators couldn't halt the impending madness, in spite of _their_ reach, i knew we were doomed)  =====  i hadn't really thought too much about late night talk shows, over these last 17 years, thereäbouts  i suppose it a good thing, i happen to be subscribed to be acquainted (through this platform) with jarvis & jordan, eh eddy?  🙂
shhh don't remind me about Pedro being in the "Imagine" video. that never happened
Wait wait wait!  ...  YOU'RE 26?  *26*  TWENTY SIX?  It's the moustache, it just looks too thick and luscious for such a fresh faced gentlemen, I commend your facial follicles
Yeah Craig F was by far the best.  Only place to watch is here on youtube
I feel like no one ever talks about how jimmy kimmel and jimmy fallon have done black face.
I only watxhed Conan or Letterman as a kid, and during youtube times, I would just watch Conan skits since I do nkt watch television. Now, it's just John Oliver, but never the full episodes. Now, nothing. I'm mostly reading comics and books.
James Corden’s show officially ended on my birthday! What a nice gift :)
I dont want to watch self congratulating socially conscious hosts play stupid games with celebrities.
I still enjoy Stephen and Seth a lot though.
Conan for life
Now I really want to know who are Seth’s weed gummies lol
Late night died when it stopped being about comedy and started being about political activism. So basically when Trump got elected. Instead of jokes it was lecturing the audience about how evil the Republicans were or how you're a terrible person if you don't get vaccinated. All they did was push left wing narratives and now people are sick of it. Their ratings are in the ground while Fox's Gutfeld reigns supreme.
After social media, it was only a matter of time for cable anything. The very last thing these hosts should have done.... was go political. Imagine excluding half of your audience, when your audience has already significantly dwindled.
I was a teenager in the mid 90s, and I watched SNL on Saturday nights.  I was an old woman even then, and have plenty of memories of falling asleep part way through, and waking up at 3 or 4 am not knowing where I am and why my TV and lights were on.  Yes, I had a TV in my bedroom.
Please welcome our guests for the evening Harvey weinstein, Kevin spacey, and Jeffrey Epstein. All these shows echo that Hollywood celeb vibe.
the adam friedland show still carries on the legacy
The downfall is its host. They aren't funny and the jokes are not funny
i choose to believe that me watching an entire episode of late night once in a blue moon when taylor swift is on is singlehandedly keeping the industry afloat
Never feel bad for Jimmy Fallon
Trevor Noah? Gurl, questions from the audience was done in daytime talk shows since WAAAAYYY BEFORE... LMAO
The most surprising thing about this was that Eddy is 26😮
omg I did not know that was pedro in wonder women why does he looks so odd
I have watched so many Jay Leno episodes and Conan in his prime. Literally watched them like every day. Times have really changed. There is no late night tv anymore.
Simply Tv is dying….we don’t need it anymore.
I was so devastated when I heard the news about James Corden. Please America, you can keep him, we really really don’t want him back. 🇬🇧
The fact that I'm the same age as this 34 year old-looking-uncle never ceases to amaze me.
heads up! displate often sells works by artists who were NOT made aware of it, basically stealing and profiting from them.
Craig Ferguson is still the GOAT of late night TV imo
Honestly late night ended when David letterman left because it was the end of an era. Conan, David and Jay were the last connection to Johnny Carson and when Conan was forced out, and jay retired David knew he could leave knowing Conan ended up in TBS and Jay was off the air. Craig Ferguson really held everything together for awhile though he doesn't get enough credit. Jimmy and Jimmy are just there in the background not really interesting or interesting just there. I would watch Conan David and Craig for them where I might see a segment of the Jimmys if there was someone on their show I wanted to see
You literally said in the first sentance why you're wrong. Late night tv is transitioning from tv to youtube. It isnt dead, tv is dead. Ratings, lol.
I knew James from doctor who, thought it was cool that he got a show but I never watched it. I don't even own a TV antenna or pay for cable. I was everything online
No mention of GUTFIELD THE late night RUNAWAY winner with viewership , right wing politically based on FOX …that’s the true sign of the death knell of late night , how could you exclude Greg
The people who liked James Corden’s tonight show were the same people who liked Cats  Absolutely no one
Why am I experiencing deja vu from this. I remember Vividly like a few months if not year ago of you doing this.
While the show has been cancelled for years, the vast majority of its run aired on public access television, and when it finally got picked up by cable it got bounced around a couple networks, I have to say The Chris Gethard Show was the best late night style show that ever existed. It was super punk rock and chaos incarnate. Not only did the house band include staples of the New York punk scene including Mikey Erg but they were also able to get his band The Ergs to reunite for the first time in over a decade to play the show (they did the same with Atom and his Package). A ton of the episodes are on YouTube. I highly recommend checking it out
Last Month I´ve watched the Daily Show with Jordan Klepper and the Late Show with Stephen Colbert in their studios. The Daily Show felt as a family affair and I had some laughs during the warmup interview schtick (I´m from Germany) as was the Late Show where I was on stage during the warmup.
10:32 fuck abbey road the cordon cross is where it’s at😩😩😩
Well, Late Night got too political which alienated half the audience. And then it's not funny anymore. I can slam a politician, but there is no humor in that!
Just imagine the person in the car in the end...... "Here we go......the James Corden Walk.....phew! looks like i picked the right time to get through...oh and look! only one guy crossing it, that's fair. ....but.... but..... what is he doing with the flowers?? Oh GAWD.... what's going to happen NOW?!"
Pay executives less Ceo less and writers more
Hasan minhaj isnt that funny.
I don't watch live tv and would never purchase cable
I missed the Colbert Report. Colbert was funny when he was home. Not as funny as before but he is still likeable.
Given my experience Restaurants very often don’t understand Allergies or Celiac, much less proper methods of cross contamination avoidance, which is one of the main reasons I simply haven’t eaten out in years, and in fact reccomend to most people with Food Related Disabilities that Food Service Businesses such as Restaurants and Cafes are usually not worth the risk.  THAT BEING SAID, NOTHING excuses abusive behaviors towards staff, ever, and if there was really a problem he and his wife just could have left instead and consulted a lawyer.
Jimmy Kimmel loves David Letterman. Like ride or die for Letterman..I think it shows because he has that same "show business isn't real" personality.
"James cordon leaves late night and return too england"  Most english comedy fans: *points at cordon* "No he fucking wont"
am i dumb or is eddy saying “repor” instead of “report”
Everyone in LA driving by those flowers: "wow did someone get ran over there again?"
Seth Meyers is great. I watch him on YouTube tho but watch every bit of it in pieces.
Good riddance
petition for eddy to be a guest host on the daily show
dont u abuse ur gf?
why is it "seth myers" for the last 3 or four hosts
After Carson letterman  and Leno  no
Pedro can do no wrong
Remember Craig Ferguson? I remember Craig Ferguson.
You´re only 26 ? You look like a slightly younger brother of marc maron.
That crosswalk crossing bit was interminable. 👎🏽
So I basically disagree with this whole video. Lol
I do watch a Jimmy Fallon episode once in a while and Graham Norton show if I like the guest. i used to Conan a lot but to be honest these are the only ones in my opinion who are doing something different. Colbert and Kimmel while are good seem a little too same, Seth is nice but well not better than Jimmy, and I refuse to watch Cordon cause I'm not over and never will be over Craig Ferguson the greatest talk show host if we're talking about purely talking to guests oh Who am I kidding Craig is just the best in everything.
Not much of this was out of left field or illogical, but it’s really disingenuous to keep calling all these late-night hosts intelligent and call it the death of late-night TV  while simultaneously ignoring how consistently left-leaning hosts have been over the last few years and just pretend their horrendous politics (according to middle-America) aren’t a huge reason people stopped tuning in.
When colbert had the colbert report, i thought it was hilarious, then when in high school and the colbert report ended and he started his new show i realized he was just pandering to the left super hard and it made him unwatchable
I was waiting for him to talk about Eric Andrea show😢
Conan, Trevor Noah & John Oliver are the only ones I’ve liked. Jon Stewart & Seth Myers also look good, but I aint didn’t watch them so I cant say😂🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
there were a few times i forgor i was watching eddy burback and was surprised when it cut back to his face cam
trevor hoah was fired because he's not funny. he's never been funny. not once.
I'm 25 and I would say that I mildly enjoy late night shows, but also only on YouTube. I think I've seen maybe 10 minutes of late night TV actually while it was broadcasting in the last 10 years. Colbert is my favorite currently on, but I agree that his quarantine stuff was better (it felt freer and like he was enjoying himself more). I love what Conan has been doing with his podcast, too!
Craig was truly the best late night host
Thanks for the reminder that I absolutely hate celebrities.
I miss Craig Ferguson
I think the problem is that celebrity worship and PC culture has run amok. Like the celebs have to be the most perfectly friendly and “likable” people, and the hosts have to kiss their 🍑 and never bring up sleazy rumors or embarrass them in any way. They go on to promote their movies or whatever and just want to please everybody. It’s blah. But I love love love a great monologue
The daily Show is late night ?
James Cordon was one of my favorites. I'm missing James already, but the writers strike softens the blow.
No mention of Gutfleld!.... It's the #1 late night show
No mention of absolute uniparty one-sided hack politics barging into all of it?
I don’t know… I live for Seth Meyers and Jimmy Kimmel monologues. But when was the last time I sat down and watched the show? Wow, probably not since the 90s
Don't out yourself watching SNL 😂
This is why Ziwe should be the only late night host. She just tries to cancel all her guests which is fun and interesting. Also, she's beautiful and hilarious.
You have to be funny and be willing to make fun of everyone to be watched, otherwise you are a shill.
Craig Ferguson was the best late night host and Geoff Peterson was the best late night side sick. Period.
Kimmel had more diverse musical guests so he gets points for me for that
Good video essay. I subscribed
I’ll save you the 27 minutes: Late Night TV died when Trump became President and it’s all they talked about for 6 years
Colbert is the best, hands down.  Seth is an easy 2nd but more often than not his jokes with the crew just don't land.  Wish Stephen would spend a little more time with the new band leader, but that's my only qualm.
I catch Stephen's monolog almost every night & get up at 5am for work.
The writers are still on strike. NO WRITERS= NO SHOWS! Fine with me I just watch streamers! I'm missing a lot of really good writers
The Alice Cooper baloon thing was awful. Corden was being borderline psychopatic.
Eddy Burback is very handsome!
I actually like Seth Meyers, Colbert, Fallon, John Oliver, and Kimmel are awesome and I think you aren’t and you look like a 65 year old man.
All these shows are obsessed with Trump. Its almost as if they are the PR faction of the DNC. Really shows a lack of range and writing.
I actually appreciated Fallon staying out of politics. With politics being everywhere and so polarizing, the break of it from Fallon was welcome. I come to these shows to be entertained, not to be politically preached at
Conan is the only one who was a legitimate host. The rest were very focused on making themselves be the center of attention instead of the people coming onto the show. Also whoever enjoyed the increase in a political focus, idk how your life is going, but it must suck.
Why are they all named Kimmel?
Is it just me or is eddys mustache even THICKER than before?
1:57 lol, you’re not wrong. I see more clips of the British late night show than any of the others
1:24 why do they sound so punchable?
The Woke folks eventually will go broke. When they stop being political and start just being funny about modern life then people might start watching again.
8:13 I gotta shout out Calico lol, she was like tf….
it didnt get stale, the new hosts are just shit.
Mr. Burback, the first quarter of this video is about James Cordon - while the title of it says it’s concerned with late night shows in general; you get seriously sidetracked here. This is blatant click-bait, and I’ll make sure to avoid any video of yours from now on.
The thing about modern late night is that ratings don’t really matter. The shows cost nothing to make, and gives the networks a way to promote new TV shows and movies via the interviews. Even if no one watches them live, they watch clips, on social, on Reddit, etc, so their use as a promotional vehicle is enough
Cool video dude. It helped me escape life for couple of minutes. Good job.
Where's Craig Ferguson. Love that guy. He is late night tv
Not only is the late night format dated and not appealing to younger people, it seemed to get so incredibly political. I agreed with his slant, but Seth Myers made my eyes roll and I almost never laughed. Did anyone know how Johnny Cason voted? I dont think it was common knowledge, but today people insist on knowing the late night host's politics. I miss the days when it wasn't the main focus.
I enjoy Stephen Colbert show
Those of us from the UK were horrified when Corden said he was stepping down as he then threatened to return to the UK!  (He had already lost a lot of goodwill in the UK before he even went to the US)
Denim
Enjoy these.....
Another one. Well done!
All of the triggered anti Trump jokes got old... you can add SNL to the list too because that show fell off.
No love for the Adam friedland show?
I personally like Jimmy Fallon more because he doesn't talk about politics. Mostly because I'm Canadain. I also feel like politics sets people apart but I think a talk show should bring people together
i like stephen colbert hes a cool guy
Late Night died when Ferguson stopped
Interesting to hear nothing about the change in political biases on the shows. When you alienate 50% of your audience your ratings are going to fall.
Yes. My parents do.
Camilla cableo is super annoying in that clip
Conan is and will always be the king of the new generation of late night hosts. true successor to the old king David letterman. and his secret is that he simply puts comedy first and politics second.
Corden should come back and do a crosswalk musical in Compton
OK I had to like and sub from the crosswalk that you’re a funny guy. This is the first time I’ve seen you good luck man.
Conan’s a legend
Late night isn’t dead, but streaming services pretty much are. Slowly but surely we are returning to a digital version of cable. What really killed the Netflix business model is when it went fully digital and you had full access to a huge library. Sure it was new and innovative, but it was only sustainable so long as they didn’t have to compete.
eddy real question if you see this how the hell do you do your hair you look great
4/27/23, the year I got a completely surprising birthday gift
Ah just shut up eddy bareback! /S
Wesh Magnum!
great video bro : )
I used to find conan wierd, but after watching some of his stuff he really grew on me, the dude was actually pretty funny and had guests on who said what they thought and didn’t get super political, and even if he did. It wasn’t insufferable like Colbert or Meyers. Conan FTW
19:46 😳 YOU’RE 26?!?!? Holy shit I feel old now! 🤦🏻‍♂️ I was under the strange assumption that you were closer to my age, 32, than you are. I can tell you though it’s NOT that you look old. You just have great facial hair maintenance that makes you appear older. 🥸👍🏻
Why does your thumbnail not feature the king of late night TV? Colbert.
Ngl I only watched late night TV shows during the Trump administration because the jokes practically wrote themselves
Why did harry styles rubbing his as* on a car disturb me so much 🫣😭
But honestly, at the end of the day, who the fuck cares? These bozos lost their relevancy long before covid. Good riddance.
Steven Colbert is a really inspirational human being even if late night tv isn’t panning out
Long gone are the days of Carson, Leno. Now they are just a political show. They tell you how to think and that there is only one way of thinking.
Nice  video for all time
https://youtu.be/a1mH-WLKt74
jon stewart's show was always my favorite
Seth meyers show is actually the worst idk how he can say that’s his favorite. Also completely disagree on the political stuff that’s actually why I stopped watching. Too many politics.
conan and the daily show with jon Stewart were the best and the funniest conan especially was great
It's simple, being DNC propagandist shills is not funny.
If you live near a big city you can watch the major networks with an antenna. I've been doing it for years. Late night TV is one of the few things I watch.
Jimmy and James are the WORST. But you forgot Ferguson
I'm 20. During quarantine I saw myself watching a lot of late night clips. Kimmel's prank videos, Fallon's games, Conan's remote segments... I don't think I watched a single interview other than of 2 or 3 celebrities I already liked
Also Colbert said to Conan that he needed to get away from his Colbert character as it was playing the same character for a long time
The media has changed; “does anyone even watch vaudeville anymore?” Conan and Letterman were the kings of comedy; the kings of comedy will seek different media forms in the next gens, it’s always been this way
Personal theory about the crosswalk musical, if they don't get out of the way in time you are legally allowed to run them over
Conan and Dave letterman are the 2 ultimate LEGENDS! now Seth and Stephen are the 2 i enjoy watching and thing are also fantastic. Fallon is a clown and he always was  and Kimmel embodies the Jerry Springer vibe to his show, it definitely makes sense that he grew up in las vegas.
honestly, the only one i'm truly sad to see go would be Trevor Noah. Dude's a legend and his late night show definitely had its moments.
The american format sucks and they're all the same. 1. Host comes out, makes some cringy ass jokes with no irony, throws out some political platitudes, audience claps. 2. Actor comes out, talks about some film for 3 minutes, then the host makes some stupid jokes. 3. Some cringy segment mean to be funny, but isnt. 4. Another actor comes out, talks about some show for 3 minutes, then more stupid jokes. 5. Some artist that blew up last week performs some song to playback. 6. Good night everybody.  Just copy Graham Norton, roll all the guests out at once, have them sit in a couch and engage with each other.
I never really watched Late Night until it became prevalent on YT (and also since about 2015-2016 where I couldn't really look away from politics anymore and Late Night was the only digestible way for me to handle it and the consequences it foretold) and now I watch it regularly, mostly Colbert, Meyers and Oliver. Kimmel is bleh, Fallon is alright, and while I liked some of the humor and content of Corden, as a person and actor he was obnoxious.
So, moral of the story is that James Corden is an asshole and we must pressure late night hosts to spin their wedding rings on air for the entire duration of the episode.
conan is the man, conan beyond border is beyond hilarious
Wasting your life away to be entertained by controlled PedoHollywood agenda. U don't need a TV.🖕
Conan 👑
They're all absolutely terrible anyway good riddance
What bubble do you live in that you left out the top late night show namely Gutfeld? Blind spot much?
I hate the politics of late night
I hope you went back to pick up your flowers coz they were too pretty to be left on Corden cross
I don't get this channel. It's supposed to be cool and ironic? How can you be cool and above the dinosaurs you are so desperately chasing?
Ya'll need to stop following/caring what celebrities do..
Fallon's fake laughter though...
Idk why but I’ve always liked Conan
There is a writers strike now, but I watch full episodes on Paramount+ and Peacock.
Craig Ferguson will always be the greatest
Trevor Noah and Colbert. These names should be nowhere near the words “smart” or “intelligent.”
Ferguson was great. Haven't watched a single late night show from start to finish since Ferguson went off the air in 2014.  The ones today are repetitive.
What's the song that plays from 25:58?
The last thing I remember from late night television is my dad being upset that the host of his favourite late night show was leaving in the late 2000s early 2010s
This is a very good video
Good, screw libtard Jimmy diddle
James Corden is diet jimmy fallon... well not really
0:19  “But do most people turn on the TV”….  Let me stop u right there, Bob - “No”.
You’re only 26???!!!  😮 I had you down as 45 at least!!
So no Trevor in this analysis??
Is this the coach from Scott Sterling ?
I have been praying for this my whole life
James is both the cat and the mouse.
Hey also surprised that you didn’t mention, but didn’t James Corden also do a bunch of slimy shit trying to reduce his own staffs wages? I remember hearing something about this awhile back.
someone already made a much better version of this video a long time ago
Kimmel is the biggest sellout
Craig Ferguson was the GOAT!
I think Seth Meyers is a great comedian and late night host, but once Trump ran for president it seemed like he had a man crush on Trump. His main jokes all surrounded around Trump and it got old really fast.
They should have quadrupled down on the Trump jokes IMHO. That's what gets the ratings going.
Ever since Covid, I stopped watching late night shows. Really, I mostly stopped after Conan retired. Everyone else is generic and boring. I used to love the Colbert Report but Steven as a late night host…nah he lost it. And Kimmel is so political now, he’s unwatchable.
Very well put, Yep after Corden now finished and only got the two jimmies and colbert. late night just ended. most watch on record or youtube.
The Corden show was losing $15 million a year.
Are they still on strike?
Dont forget Carson Daily. Oh wait nvm, forget Carson Daily.
5:05 his predecessor was scottish
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future"
As much as I loved Colbert on the daily show and the Colbert report I'm not a fan of his late night. His politics are fine but his interviews feel a little flat. Not bad just missing something. And his bits are just okay. I like Fallon. His games are fun and creative. His interviews are just okay. I like Seth Meyers bits but his interviews seem kinda boring. Conan was smart. He cut his show to 1 interview. He got it while he was riding high. His podcasts are some of the best things to listen to/watch.
Screw this. Just make vid entirely on Conan
Late night tv is lame
between being part of a dying format and being able to get 1.8m views in four days, I think you got it pretty good!
Ive never liked any of these they always come off cringe and theyre only funny cuz of laugh tracks and signs that tell the audience to laugh, which isnt natural humor
Miss me some Craig Ferguson...Conan is really the only good one left, the rest seem "fake" or manufactured.
Politics contaminated their water.
You're 26?!?
This is how I find out they are rebooting @midnight?! Nice. And also a very good video! As someone who has jumped off the late night train a while ago now it gave a good overview of what lead me and others to this decision!
I remember I use to watch the daily show with John Stewart with my dad while I was growing up, it was really fun to learn all the things going on around the world at the time
The only show I liked was the Greg Ferguson show and Conan
I haven't dedicated time to sit down and watch late-night TV since Craig Ferguson left.
The song at the end is "Easy to Leave" Featuring Jennifer Holm, by Roots and Recognition. She has a very similar voice to another artist I know: Lizzy Mc Alpine. Would definitely recommend them both.
Are you telling me Corden’s ball clap killed late night?😮 9:04 “wow”
the decoder ring theme song😍
Jimmy Kimmel was too political. I don't watch him anymore.
lol this dude is 26?
Trevor and Colbert are they only likeables for me. Fallon and Meyers are too awkward and Kimmel is too bland. Colbert and Trevor are smart and often offered deeply intellectual insights. Conan had some funny shorts, but just never got into his interviews.  Sidenote: Loved Hasan's show.
There is a lot of political talk and influence on these shows. NOT ONE touts a conservative view. Not one. Think about that for a minute. You dont have to be a conservative to see the wrong in this fact.
LMAO calling Hollywood writers the "little guy" is hilarious to me. Good video otherwise 👌🏽
i just want to state that corden was so bad that cbs cancelled the whole damn show. in my opinion it shows that craig ferguson is just such a classy act and he was such a genuine person that no one would be able to follow him.
The bit about the NFTs where they just keep cutting back to the fucking monkey is absolute comedy gold, too bad it’s entirely accidental
The only one I like is Conan, he just seems to have the best etiquette out of all the hosts
The Late Late Show with Craig Was the best ever, nothing comes close!
I mean kimmel did the man show then preaches the opposite on his show
Im glad we all agree that pedro is good
I was laughing so hard at the cordon crosswalk bit lmao
Loved Fallon in rehab! Wym😂
Only tv I watch live is sports
with the change in media consumption, every new late night host is set up to fail ESPECIALLY trevor noah. i personally never liked his brand of comedy, but his likability faded with every year
Love you Eddy. Great work as always. Farewell James Corden, it’s long overdue
I don't watch any late night shows they duck
big missed opportunity for a tony soprano meme on the balthazar banning 😔
It’s not just a shift from cable to internet it’s a shift from a traditional celebrity obsessed culture to a “influencer “ obsessed culture. A shift  to 5 second attention spans and really it just boils down to people being so lazy they can’t be bothered anymore.
My friend worked for that crosswalk show and not only did they make waiting at the light annoying but they also had people go and flag down the cars to have them sign release forms after they got thru the light. Making them wast more time
Honestly? Kimmel comes across the guy who could genuinely be funny but his desire to be liked and well-received by everyone holds him back. Allegedly, he avoids his best material that was conceived in the writers room to be as non-offensive and by extension as boring as possible.  Or essentially, sort of like Brett Hand from Inside Job but as a late night talk show host. If true, then this is sort of sad.
I love Conan, I think celebrities really enjoyed being interviewed by him because of his humor and his remotes were the best. You can even tell he is a great guy by his interaction with his staff and can't wait for his travel show, it shows that no matter the place or barrier language this man talent has no limits.
Jimmy out of all of them is my favorite. Very glad he didn't go political. It would have made me hate him.
Woke = broke
Late Night died when Craig Ferguson retired.
Interesting to think about. You're right about the requirements and expectations put upon late-night hosts. What an era we used to have...
Nobody wants to be lectured by rich liberals that’s why no one watches
As a former late night junkie, I have to defend Jimmy Kimmel.   As a teenager watching late night tv I'm the early 2000s to current, Ferguson, Kimmel, and Conan are still my favorites. I caught Leno and Letterman in the ladder stages of their career and they just didn't do it for me. Kimmel, who is inspired by peak Letterman, has a delivery for dry humor. And the way he evolved as a late night host is unmatched. He's so good with making small talk funny and entertaining without being over the top. And he's an incredible host. I can go on but I just think he's great
Great point on unlimited internet access to celebrities, and no need for monologue-style news jokes anymore.
I miss late night tv tbh now I play no cut complications of family guy on YouTube at night
Hate to break it to everyone,  its been dead since the early 00's. If not earlier.
thank god you redacted the Colbert interview comment, that shook me in your last video and you've earned my trust again lmao
I remember always watching these shows like 5-6 years ago and now I never ever watch them
Failed to point out the stark contrast between Kimmel on late night and the content he was responsible for up until then.. Meyers has Trump to thank for a significant portion of his material, which can be funny, but becomes stale. I remember thinking Noah was such a fresh voice when he put out that first stand up special.. but he become a talking head for progressive politics and that turned me off, though I'm sure a lot of people enjoyed it.
I like cable….
I'm here for the Eddy Burback late night show
“Comedians”
Marc Maron's soon had a point here.
Conan will always hold a dear place in my heart ❤. Effortlessly funny and he truly embraced his position in the media landscape after a public fiasco that would've broke many others' will to stay in the public eye.
Paris Hilton talking with Fallon about Boredape made me want to vomit
Good thing Conan changed things for himself
You gotta mention last week tonight
23:02 I can’t be the only one who thought this shot was hot    I CAN’T
This mans stash is thicker then my mom
They went woke. That's what happened. Tds.
who sung the closing song??? it’s so good for no reason
Screw the writers, sorry
fallons a drunk
On the topics of both the writers strike and James Corden-- another James Corden controversy is that he was actually super against the WGA and repeatedly tried to undermine them and the agreed upon salary by trying to trick straight out of film school students into working with him for cheap in exchange for "real life experience" and the like.
i love this series so much!!!!!
American late night TV is/was an institution. early on, they'd tell you how to think about things in a way not deemed acceptable for daytime broadcasting: daddy listened, at beer #5; mommy, having tucked in the kids, now out on cornerstore pills for the night. blissful post-war 50's, I guess. anyways. the show. FFWD a couple of decades, and it's just stand-up comedy level of 'smart' in various suits. Today? how many smells of the rainbow does your fart match, if you were required to let one rip on stage if the shareholders demanded it? were the beans facilitating that fart vegan and organic? how do you feel about it, please comment on all social platforms available, violently emotional, and, preferrably, by yesterday.
Youtube wont let me load this video :)
No love for Craig Ferguson
Eddy I need you to put out more stock for the new Yikes merch :(
I miss Craig Ferguson
I strongly dislike Kimmel and I'm not exactly sure why
Hasan Minaj is kinda cringey in his delivery, but his focus of discussion was usually topical, more so than any other show was.
They’re over because they’re not funny or interesting…..period
Bro looking like an 80s dad saying he's 26 😵
You're a joke mate 🤣 😂
Let's explain the explained lol 😆 it's really easy if you read the Internet 😱
I love how Eddy has all of these small side-adventures in his videos where he gets caught up in the emotion of things
Craig Ferguson was the best of them.
Maybe the first step to making late night TV "not an institution of American culture" was embracing a political element of the show and cutting half of America out of it?
DID YOU HEAR THE CLAP WHEN CORDON WAS IN THAT MOUSE SUIT? MY EARDRUMS
I think the idea of late night tv is still possible. Just the problem is, where are people going to watch it? Streaming is bad for late night tv, it’s not made for producing content daily… but it could if they found a way. The problem isn’t the monologue or the comedy. It’s the fact late night is designed to promote other people’s shows, but the interviews are when I do stop watching. I watch for the monologue. All I’m asking for is some a comedic take on daily events, and some stupid bits and sketches. No celebrities. There’s no way to make celebrities fun, it’s whole premise Fallon and Corden are based on and I hate those shows. It’s just staged interviews and bits to promote crap.
Hey eddy, long time viewer loved to watch your content a couple years back, just wanted to ask if you could bring the child of burback hoodies back for I was a mere adolescent and could not afford your merchandise, would love to buy one now xx
I think it definitely started with the Conan leno fiasco.   Obviously other factors, but Conan was the perfect guy to transition from late nights boomer demo to a younger, more in touch group.
we forgive pedro always 🙌
I dont remember who it was, i think maybe Colbert or Seth Myers , but i remember during the covid homeshows watching them present it EXACTLY the same as when there was a studio audience, saying a line, waiting for a laugh, saying the next line. It was so weird and terrible to watch
I wonder how many people who were at that crosswalk when Eddy left the flowers assumed he'd lost someone to a hit and run there.
26 year old???
Jimmy Fallon was a weak link on SNL, and he's a weak link as a host, but Jimmy Kimmel gives, has always given, and will always give me the ICK. Seth, John Oliver, Amber Ruffin, (mostly) Trevor Noah,  (sometimes) Conan, and (less and less) Colbert are the only good hosts.
No doubt the late night format is well past its peak. CBS didn't replace Corden and instead cancelled The Late Late Show after 28 years. I doubt ABC will keep a talk show at 11:35 once Kimmel goes. Same with the 12:35 slot at NBC once Meyers goes and cable has been impacted by the decline of late night shows.  But I dont see The Tonight Show and The Late Show going anywhere soon. No chance that NBC and CBS will cancel those shows anytime soon.
Hi Eddy, I think that you should make your own late night show here on YouTube if that's possible :) Also, I have been following some of your videos since that Rainforest Cafe one ^^
Did he skip john oliver, or is he not seen as this type of late night talks how host?
13:29 love the Community reference.
Whoa memory unlocked. I wanted to like @midnight but they kept looking at their written out jokes and delivering them poorly and it’s was just bad, like David Spade show bad. Also, it was to find a replacement for Chelsea lately and the soup going away. I needing something with comedians being fairly straight forward and funny.
10 seconds in, but in response to that first question, no i dont watch it, and i have no interest in clipsnof late night tv on youtube either, but the amount of specifically jenna ortega late night interview clips the algorithm tries to push on me is STAGGERING for someone whos never watched any, or any of the things shes even been in
I love Conan 😌
The imagine video was such a big shift oh my god. They should put it in a museum.
The "unhappy drivers" choose to be there
Darling,I'm 53 and I haven't had cable in years.
Colberts monologues are far away the best
I miss Craig and Geoff.
So someone might get fired from their job bec they we’re stuck in traffic
I haven’t watched cable tv since I moved into my own apartment in January of 2021
Ferguson was genuinely funny.
I loved Ferguson.
I think people still watch John Oliver but mostly on YouTube
I miss Craig Ferguson!!!😢 he was so funny and just awsum too watch!!😂💯 wish he'd come back!!👍
What’s sad is Conan was the best of them all.
Making Trump jokes every night... I still think people voted just to stop hearing the same old material being repeated over and over and over again. It was painful to watch, I could spot Colberts punch lines from miles away
idk if i ever realized that jimmy kimmel and jimmy fallon were different people
me watching the complete late night saga its been a ride
I like Seth Meyers the most. He has the great chemistry with his guests.
love Graham Norton!! UK networks do it better, sorry but US talk shows are just so boring
Jimmy Kimmel's monologs are great!
The writers strike forced Youtube to recommend your channel to me.
You had me until not having an opinion on Kimmel
So there’s that TikTok of the older, like maybe late 30’s woman saying “Are y’all actually watching anime? I’m sorry but really?” And the responses to that was literally everyone telling her to keep enjoying cable tv and night shows in her dull ass life and it was great. Also Conan’s the only goat with this stuff, of the people in this list, he’s shown a long standing amount of care for his staff and people around him. Especially during writer strikes
Sorry, but to defend Colbert's blatant "cashing a crazy big check so I'll sell my soul and do whatever big pharma and big government say," propaganda as sincere and filled with kindness is just the worst take ever
Colbert is so full of hate for Trump he can’t be funny.  He is painful to watch, so I don’t.
seth meyers was a guest speaker at my university back in october and he was incredibly charming and seems like an all around really great guy. james corden, however, ruined my life by being involved in the emoji movie
How bout noooooo
Siiick bro. 1:37
Last week tonight?
We live in a world of genuinely awful people but apparently Corden and Ellen are the worst 🙄 seems like such a distraction.
22:45 buddy boy I don't watch American TV at all most of its trash the only genres this country tries on are hero movies/shows and those have gone down hill since like 2014. Shit Dragon Ball Z has better writing than most this Hollywood shit and that series is a pathetic joke of writing.
thisa goodass vid, yo.
The last Late Night show I would actually watch was Colin Ferguson.  Beyond that I haven't watched anything late night in 20 years and no TV programming at all for the last 8. Just not worth it.
@20:10 “I’ll never get a cable package!” - Subscribed to Paramount+, Netflix, Disney+, YouTube premium… 😉
5:05 isn't Craig Ferguson from Glasgow tho?
Long live Conan O'Brien
love conan, hate corden, simple as
Trevor Noah is one of the best...hes great with comedie, politics and at interviewing. Conan is good but Noah was better.
Shout out Craig Ferguson for knowing how to make a late night show be amazing
I just realized that all of these are not the same show
No one watches it because they’ve become mindless PC liberal puppets.
If I have sports on in the background, and a late night show ends up on afterwards, I always make sure to change the channel to literally anything else. Can’t let them think they have viewers like that
I love you Eddy, but it's Colbert Report, not Colbert Rapport
Me for my wedding:🥱🧍‍♂️ Me for the Fall of Late Night TV:🫡🕴
I think seth myers is smart and does things like "corrections" which is basically a show specifically to upload and interact with youtube
I watch Last Week Tonight on YouTube
James Corden is a knob head and has never been funny!
well, Not anymore man. Late night TV talk shows died in the 90s.
I’d say all the late night hosts are overrated and look ridiculous anytime they step into politics. Gutfeld is the only late night show I have enjoyed
Once Letterman and Conan left the Late Night scene, there was nobody witty or smart enough to be worth watching.
The shows aren't dying just because people watch them in different formats.  The important thing is how much interest there is overall.
Your entire opinion on all of these mirrors my own opinions perfectly! I wasn’t expecting to hear “people are too hard in Jimmy Fallon, I’m very neutral on Kimmel, and Seth Meyers is my favorite”.
Once again, I feel *required* to shout out Seth Meyers's Youtube only segment "Corrections." It's so fucking funny. Inside jokes, making fun of the crew and himself, viewer interaction - it's the closest we'll get to one of the Late Night hosts having a Twitch channel
Bro seth meyers us the worst! How us he your favorite? I mean none are good but come on
Going into this I knew exactly ZERO about James Corden.... and I wish things had stayed that way.
Good for Abby Sciuto for sticking up for Alice Cooper
Wait where’s that letterman guy and the one with all the cars?  They made more late night shows after those ended??  Weird
Once Craig left, the comedy left with him.
jimmy kimmel frustrates me because he kept trying to claim the university i went to didn’t exist, so we got a lot of random adults coming to campus and making unfunny jokes to exhausted students  stephen colbert sweep, he is the man of all time
Once craig ferguson left I was done with it.
These idiots aren't recovering from the current strike.
Jesus christ wtf is this bit with paris hilton? What is she talking about “took her 6 months to do”. To do what? Lol
I love Stephen. Good thing is youtube exist
I love how the internet social media , it’s slowly killing the simping for celebrities mainstream media culture , No one cares about the oscars like they did 20 years ago for example , celebrities get constantly made fun of in memes on the internet as opposed to be put up on a pedestal , and a celebrity now it’s more likely to get he’s legal repercussions when they brake the law now , example R Kelly , Harvey Weinstein, bill cosby, instead of just getting away with it cause their rich and famous
Maybe because all the hosts are unbearable.
I miss Craig Ferguson. Still think about Vampire Bob Barker all the time
james corden is poop
i miss letterman
Your moustache is mad
Humanity won today
I used to love watching Craig Ferguson
This is not very interesting.
The Daily Show running through guest hosts is a move stolen directly from Have I Got News For You from the UK. But the US will never figure out how to do a proper panel show, unfortunately, so that's the closest we'll get.
Why are we going easy on Fallon? Not being good enough to be the host on the Tonight Show is not an excuse for not being good enough.
Pedro was in it you can’t wish it away it is in unforgivable
I'm mostly disappointed by anyone thinking Trever Noah is funny
Colbert is my favorite of all those. I catch his monologue most every night of the week. But often don’t stick around for the interview unless I know the actor. I think unless the number of late shows decreases to like 2 or three it can’t work as a net work tv show.
Fun fact: heavy smoking appears to cause insomnia (it's largely from the nicotine). The entire concept of the late show on American television coincides with smoking being at its highest percentage of the population for 20 years - 1950-1970. While smoking began to decline through the 70s, the insomniac patterns were well-ingrained into television viewers by then. Perhaps sufficiently to power the late show boom of the 1980s.  By the 2000s however, late gen-x members and millennials who smoked much less would be coming into their own as adult prime time television viewers. I wouldn't be surprised if it's literally the decline in nicotine usage which is irreversibly reducing the demand for live late-night entertainment content in the home.
Is it wrong that I consider all the hosts you higlighted to be insufferable douchebags?
"The Death of Late Night TV" implies it was ever alive. It has always been awful.
Growing up with Stephen Colbert watching him in Strangers with Candy and The Daily Show it was wild to see how different he was.
Conan will always stay my favorite, but Fallon does great
When everyone tries to dislike him, he becomes likable. 🤔
are fucking youtubes servers burning or are they doing this on purpose
I feel like this is quite opportune timing as the writer's strike starts again. I still like the old charm of late night shows, but they're becoming old and stiff, even when they try to be new and edgy. I honestly think if they try to be less rehearsed and perfect, and show more of their own character they'll be less samey. Like the moments Kimmel and Colbert could talk about their personal lives, it made me so much more bonded to them. They don't have to be so polished and rely on the glitz and the suits. Like Drew Barrymore for example, her interviews are so personal, fresh, and I could see that format becoming way more successful
Please release more of the spring merch!!!!
Colbert hates everyone who doesn’t agree with his politics and wishes the worst on all of us, so to call him compassionate is wildly inaccurate.
Late night as become Democrat wing
Wait...you're 26???
I grew up with Conan, Leno, and Letterman in the late 90s. Watched their shows like it was the gospel (leno more than letterman) when I should have been asleep to wake up for grade school. Late Night sure isn't what it used to be, but I'll never forget it for making me the sarcastic asshole with a heart of gold that I am today lmao. Great vid, thanks for the nostalgia and the fun!
Restock the yikes merch please 🙏 I watched the video too late and now it's all out if stock ╥﹏╥ but it's so cool, easily the best merch you've dropped so far!!
Eddy is the same level of being painfully unfunny with his bits as James Corden
holy shit that anderson cooper clip
Can’t wait for mainstream to fall off
There's a pretty big elephant in the room regarding these shows... and that's the fact that if you don't agree with a very specific and narrow political ideology, most of these hosts go out of their way to antagonize your beliefs, or at very least make absolutely no effort to see other people's perspectives.  It used to be a very broad spectrum, you had left wing hosts, right wing hosts, moderate hosts, radical hosts, and hosts who didn't really take a stance one way or the other. And each of them had unique or interesting takes, whether you agreed with them or not each show felt completely different depending on who was speaking. Nowadays it doesn't feel that way... it just seems like a choice between 4 or 5 radical left wing hosts who all say the same things, and like 2 guys who just avoid politics completely. There's no space for moderates who still want to hear a bit of political news but don't want the entire show to be "orange man bad" - and there's certainly no space for anybody with right wing or even centrist views. It very much gives off the impression that all of Hollywood wants you to believe in very specific things otherwise you're "wrong" and "evil" for not agreeing with them.
I got to say I have a hard time watching your videos and staying focused, you're extremely attractive voluptuous seductive beautiful manly mustache overwhelms me to the point of disassociation.
Late Night died when Craig left.
THANK U FOR SHOUTING OUT THE WRITER’S STRIKE!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Nice video from Marc Maron.
I only watch if a celebrity i like is guest on
😂😂😂🔥
God I miss Craig Ferguson so much
who killed late night...                  trump.
Wait, these shows are on TV? And people watch TV? Weird.
I think the one thing you got wrong in this was to claim that it was an issue that Jimmy wasn't political and it hurt him. I'd say it was the opposite and that the death of late night is because it's political. Like, take Colbert. His show is so political it feels more like propaganda than comedy. I mean, look at how many cringey vaccine pushes he had where he had people dressed as a syringes dance. Who the fuck wants to watch that. The only people who would like that content are the people who obsessed with politics. Even a passer buy would be put off. I'd say this did more to kill late night as it just became insufferable. Really, the shift to politics has been what really killed these. The audience was being tired of being lectured and tired of unfunny Trump jokes and they ALL did it constantly. As for the writers strike, the reason most people shouldn't support it is simply because Hollywood can't write for shit nowadays so why should they get a raise? If anything, the low ratings of the show don't justify a pay bump. Simple economics.
Craig Ferguson was awesome.
Conan was always my number one. Seth Meyers is two. Stephen and Kimmel are tied for third. Fallon does his best but his format is Played out. Fuck James Corden, so glad that they're replacing him with @midnight which I never understood why was canceled in the first place. I'll be watching it on YouTube like everyone else.  Great content! Subbed.
shit, they are so agressive on the crosswalk. I wouldn`t want to be there for even a second. A manipulative shit, noone could run from their "show" that noone even wanted to see in the first place.
I'm glad you changed your mind about Colbert's interviewing abilities, personally I love seeing him interview, not only does he have smart questions, but he makes his guests feel very comfortable. Working backstage at a late night show (not American) I can tell when the joke is planned and when the conversation is natural. It is very hard to create a natural atmosphere for an interview, so I appreciate his work on that part. I loved his show during it's peak, in 2016-2020, and I still very much look forward for his interviews.
what about the adam friedland show?
If it isn't Conan I don't want it.
I really like Craig Furgenson when I was a kid
James Corden is a bum that needs to go back across the pond
Late night comedy died when all the left winger writers pushed their agenda vs being balanced and funny for everyone.  Go woke, go broke.  Crap.  At least Gutfeld is transparent about being a political comedy.
Conan is easily the best, followed by Seth. I think what sets them apart is how they interact with their staff and audience. I guarantee Seth's audience knows the names of all his writing staff and they all genuinely just seem like friends hanging out.
I dont watch any because they think their funny, but are far from it. That Corbert dude or what ever his name is is moron and cant stand him.
I needed this video, my grandpa watched late night every night. He loved it.  But I never understood it and now I just feel like this video proves it was a stale type of programming
I'm definitely a Closer Look man
They should replace screenwriters with Ai, they’d probably do a better job
Throwing Conan in that graphic like he's not the greatest of all time.
I miss Craig Ferguson.
Super nice transition into the strike, I feel rewarded for making it to the end of the video. Solid stuff
And btw, if you’re not disgusted and sickened by trump you are sick and disgusting
Conan is the funniest of all of these, Kimmel and Colbert can be funny and are likable
I only watch the Daily Show.
No mention that Jimmy Fallon isnt funny, it’s pretty simple
If Conan was still on there is a MUCH better chance lol
good
Haven't had cable television since 2011
You claim your 26, yet you seem like a 50 year old Marc Maron at heart, essence, and aesthetics.
I only really watched Seth meyers on YouTube during the Covid isolation. Was funny in his attic. Haven’t really seen any since then though. I don’t have regular tv and don’t care about regular tv anymore.
What is this Tee Vee of which you speak? :-)
I work in a hospital for minimum wage fighting off mental health patients and protecting the front line workers.  Sorry if my heart doesn’t bleed for writers making way more sitting at a desk writing.  Just because we don’t respect the strike doesn’t have anything to do with the “hollywood elite”.  There are just way more people who work harder that get way less, they just don’t get as much publicity.  My job isn’t even close to the worst example either….
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, (and Josh Robert Thompson/Geoff) was the last great late night show in the tradition of Carson, Leno, Letterman, etc. It had comedy, great interviews and artistic freedom.
It’s all fake viewbots and propaganda
Conan O'Brien was the best late-night host hands down
Went from hilarious entertainment, to mediocre entertainment, to a 100% pure leftist commie propaganda platform….each week they’re given their DNC talking points and what agendas to spew….and they’re ALL satanic cowards
I fully support the writers strike! If it means we have to go years without late night content—that is a sacrifice I’m willing to make!! Let’s go writers!!! Let’s go writers!!! Let’s go writers!!!
Uh, Trevor Noah's no longer on TDS.  And did you ever think of Samantha Bee or Amber Ruffin?
Conan was the last TV show host I watched than he left us and I left with him
Why did you include Conan. He's not in late night tv he's a podcaster. He made it out at the perfect time
colbert, but only the monologues.
If most of the hosts weren't political virtue signaling puppets it would be fun to watch again.
now that we’re wrapping this up i think it’s time we all admit Seth Meyers was the hottest late night host
1:15 I cannot believe this actually happened. And people clapped.
Craig Ferguson was the best host
I think people aren't putting much attention to the fact that CBS is not replacing James Corden and ending The Late Late Show for good. That's quite a big deal, and it broke a decades long tradition. More will follow, and personally I think it's the official beginning of the end for late night tv. It's quite bittersweet, but honestly, as a massive fan of Conan and Craig Ferguson, we are just never gonna see someone like them ever again, so why even bother? I still think Craig Ferguson would have done great even nowadays, because the people are hungry for something of that format. Conan is still doing fantastic by being himself, because that's what he was always brilliant at. So, I do think that if you give people something authentic and genuine, they will bite into it. However, executives play it very safe and censoring is prevalent in all media. Shame, but I guess times truly have changed.  Honestly, I think currently Jimmy Fallon has the best show and I don't dislike him. He is unique and that's something you don't find often nowadays. Plus, when he's out of script, he has shown to be really funny. And he has the best sidekick...Higgins. So it's fine for what it is.
I haven't seen a lot of Stephen Colbert's interviews but the one he did with Nicki Minaj is art
I have no sympathy for the writers strike.  If they get paid 23% less than 15 years ago then frankly they are doing much better than 99% of the US population.  Currently, due to inflation since covid, almost everyone gets paid 15-20% less than 2019, so an additional 3-8% for 12 years is actually good going.  It shows there were some years where they received increases more than inflation, a luxury almost no-one else saw.  Plus the shear amount they get paid - which I notice no-one ever mentions - is more than what most people earn in 5-10 years.
Not that I ride for Jimmy Fallon or anything, but I absolutely believe that his laugh is real- have y'all ever seen him when he was on SNL? The man laughs like it's a lifestyle
YT replaced tv for me years ago. The almighty algo is more powerful than any channel switching
Longtime fan. Your content is great, I'm glad you are getting really popular!
For me, it was Cordon disrespecting Patrick Stewart that revealed what an asshat he was.  It's wasn't the altercation, it was the fact that you have to be a real jerk for Patrick Stewart to call you out.  Conan O'Brien was the best late night host.  He always comes across as such a nice guy and he never shys away from looking like a fool.  The older late show hosts, the Lenos and Lettermans, were so much better than the recent hosts.
Why do you look 40?
I miss Craig Ferguson
Nobody will ever top Conan for me. His comedic timing, wit and general weirdness can't be recreated. The time he made his American Girl doll into a possible Nazi was a standpoint.
The downfall of late night TV is definitely related to spending the entire show on politics. Exclusively left wing politics. The hosts have a smug attitude and contempt for anyone who doesn’t share their views.   Late night TV used to be fun for all Americans regardless of politics. Now everything has to be tribal, which is sad for our nation.
I have never watched a late night TV show in my life. I have no interest in listening to celebrities babble on about nothing. I only like the beginning monologue.  In the past 10 years l haven’t had access to any television shows that aren’t streaming as l cancelled my cable. When l do have access to cable TV I find it unwatchable. I know of Colbert, Kimmel, Trevor, Seth etc through YouTube clips and watch them regularly.
Good riddance
Enjoyed how articulated this was. Agreed on most all points 🙌
the most shocking part of the Cordon/Balthazar fiasco was finding out he has a wife. I thought that dude was gay the entire time
Late Night Limbo sounds like a Donkey Kong Country level
I LOVE Stephen Colbert.
Is it to late to invest in nft?
I had the same experience with Conan but a decade earlier, 04-2010 Late Night with Conan O’Brien was an institution for me as a teen.
Eddy are you the owner of bryers and dryers ice cream i was just wondering
Conan is the goat
The only show I want to see about celebrities is Charlie Brooker sitting on his couch talking shit.
Anyone else just kinda forget that James Corden exists?
I like that Seth Myers show hires metal/hardcore drummers to fill in from time to time. Best talk show.
Just to be clear, Jay got forced out of the tonight show when Conan announced he was going to be the host of the tonight show. There were some ruthless showbiz contract negotiations on Conans part so lets not pretend that he was a poor helpless victim and Jay was the mastermind behind it all. When Conan negotiated his takeover of the 1130 spot he was on fire but by the time he took over he had cooled significantly and wasn't the powerhouse of 2005 anymore.
god this is a mood, the only time i tune into ANY late night shows now is to exclusively watch a band that im interested in perform and then i immediately stop watching lol
Would you be interested in hosting the tonight show eddy burback if the position was offered to you
Conan doesn’t belong with those other five fools.
didnt Corden get canned because it was losing millions a month
Wait... James Corden has a wife?
May it rest in piss.
The only late night hosts worth watching at all from the last 30 years were Letterman, Conan, and Ferguson
If Conan was still running I’d watch it
This is in line with the laws of world development.
we lost the greatest talk show guest of all time 😢
Seth Meyers has become the closest amalgam for me of what Craig Ferguson had; he (Seth) is wonderful and relaxed and someone you might want to hang out with...not unlike Craig.  I 100% commend Conan for his talent and relatability and his relationships with his staff & crew...BUT...he never really grabbed me. He still (to me) feels like that tired old "safe" comedy from the old (David Letterman, Johnny Carson) days, which I have LONG since grown past.  Especial honorable mention for Graham Norton, whose career I mostly missed, much to my chagrin. He has (SOMEHOW) taken that tired, old "Late Night" format and honed it to perfection.  (Aside: have you gone back and watched any of Craig's Late Night run?)
0:25 I’m 25 seconds in and I really hope you talk about how all the late night hosts are fighting and pulling off each others wigs over who gets to be bum buddies with BTS to stay relevant (🫰🏼 no hate army 💜)
Conan is the best
Does John Oliver not count as a late night show host bc LWT is not every night
only liked conan, ever since he retired I havent watched one late night show since
Is anyone going to fact check Eddy for referring to himself as a "young person"
I like how it says mystery door on it but it's clearly just the AC unit being held back there
Personally I think John Oliver doesn’t do a “late night” show
If Conan or Craig came back, I would actually watch it... probably on repeat
late night died with carson.
It is insanely disrespectful that James jumped Ontop of that dudes car, he’s lucky they didn’t drive with him on it or sue for damages there’s no way he didn’t dent the hood they’re not built for tubs of lard like him.
Seth is my favourite too.
Jimmy Kimmel knew what he was doing when he asked James to name camera operators. I didnt laugh though. In theatre I've always known my technicians even if just their name and their role. But since theres a lot of downtime during tech rehearsals i got to know my cast and crew well. This makes me really sad for those men and women who literally worked to put James on TV everyday. THANK YOUR TECHNICIANS! THEY PUT YOU ON STAGE!
Late Night shows are for adults and adult conversations and humor. These shows are basically day time shows with lite comedy "games" and celebs promoting their middle of the road careers. 80s Letterman will always be the best written comedy show, night after a night.
Literally all just voices for the Democratic party
Colbert broke my heart. His satirical character was so good for so long then when he dropped it he just became just another host
Pic sucks you didn't put conan frin center thats why i wont watch this his story is the main catalyst
Kimmel send nice, guests like him, he’s smart, but by god, he talks over his guests, especially women.
Also the fact they all became democrat party political entities didn’t help
Corden is like a theater kid stereotype: has major pick me energy when the spotlight is on them, and is a complete asshole to people.
Your sir have earned a sub
Colbert literally looks like he's an MSNBC host.
Corden, like Ellen, being mean to guests. Her scare bullshit was never funny.
You're 26? Damn.
I miss John Stewart’s daily show followed by the Colbert report…only time I ever tuned into late night.
Colbert just breaks my heart.  He has intense talent. Only person who could have replaced Letterman.  Yet, he goes on political rants that get under my skin. He pushes too hard.  Leno could be scathing, but you never knew his own thoughts. He pursued the joke.  Colbert is transparent, and he forces non-jokes only to promote his personal thought. Wish I could meet him and talk him down off the tower.  He is an incendiary talent, and I miss him.
I stopped watching when Craig Ferguson left. Used to watch Craig Kilborn, Jay Leno, and sometimes Letterman. Didn't enjoy James Corden or Conan O'Brien.
I’m surprised Eddy didn’t mention Colbert’s pretty blatant move to be very corporate and political. That vaccine skit and his tussle with Jon Stewart were very cringe and an anathema to what we expect from late night comedy.
I fucking hate how political late night shows have gotten, I don't give a single fuck about politics.
I never cared for any of the late shows, I think they suffer the same problem as SNL.  The turn around is too quick to make high quality content so most of the content is meh.  The only one I was sad to see fall was The Daily Show, sorry no one will replace Jon Steward.  Also I wish I saw this level of support for all Unions.
The day Letterman went off the air it was officially over.
Small comment, as an aside, but you are 100% correct. The Tonight Show Band being the Roots blew me away.  The only reason I watched the show.
Every time Eddy makes a video on late night it's an instant classic
I think Jimmy Kimmel knew that James didn't know their names and wanted to dig him for it live, IMO.
My ex has us get cable bc he hated streaming. His reasoning was he wanted to just "turn the tv on and not have to make a choice" 😬 I've never heard it put that way 😅
I will never understand how James Corden became popular
love the merch
Trevor Noah was the only one whos personality I like. The others is just somethings I occasionally watch if I know what else I should watch
Eddy, late night is far from dead, the center left late night smash hit The Adam Friedland Show is the HBIC of late night , deadass.
Am I the only one who thinks that Fallons decision to avoid politics was smart af?
It's simple. Late shows aren't funny anymore... 😒 😑
for me... it died when craig fergusson gave up :(
Rip.
“That’s 7 times over the Cordon Crosswalk”
I’m sure they’ll blow up in popularity during the 2024 election. Even more if a republican wins. Just like Trump being elected saved the news industry.
The only late night show I actually ever watched live was Craig Ferguson's show because it was so unique and ridiculous and Craig was hilarious.
For a sec i thought he was gonna start hosting a late night show, tbh i would dig that as a new youtube format
I can say *AND VERY PROUD TO SAY* I never seen a minute of Late Night TV or SNL since maybe 1990's.
Political late night started and died with Jon Stewart  Colbert did a vaccine song that was just the worst.
The thing with the phobia is what brits do. That’s just our sense of humour. I get why Americans might not like it but we love being the ones making fun of someone’s phobias like that
The problem with late night talk shows is they rely on scripts that have to be written to cover the now. While all the content we consume that covers the now is created - now. There’s no reason to wait to 10pm to watch jimmy kimmel crack a joke that was written for him about an event that happened at 10am when 500 rolled across all social media platforms have already done it before the show airs. The content is just too late to the party. It can’t keep up.
Meh connan was funny trevor and Jon Stewart were too but everyone tried to copy them
Eddy casually dropping that he’s 26 and not 42 like I had imagined in my head……
Tv expert
The world is unaffected by by Cordon’s exit.  I would feel similarly if Fallon left.  Colbert, Meyers, and Kimmel have substance and authenticity to them and have left a mark on the legacy of late night television — er morning toilet clip streaming — and deserve to have their 8x10’s next to other legends in the hall of fame.  Also, since this is my first time catching one of Eddy’s videos, can he please get hired to play Marc Marin’s son in an independent film?
At least we still got Bug
Major respect for the Writers Strike! Work must be fairly paid! Writing is work! ❤
Good
BRING BAXK CRAIG FERGUSON!!!
Also to answer the thesis question (which was obviously rhetorical): I watch (or watched, as the WGA strike is currently happening) each show, on TV, every night. Time shifting and skipping commercials lets me watch 5 hour-long shows in about 3.5 hours.   I also see that you couldn't find a clip of Seth Meyers's regular opening credits, since they haven't uploaded it to YT. Hit me up if you want and I'll hook you up with one of my recordings.
It's funny you mention how viewers will pick up on things as they watch. Since that Spill Your Guts bit aired, James DID get to know his staff and camera operators, and right up to the end they were part of the unscripted crosstalk portions of the show. If you actually watched his full show, you'd have picked up on that.
It's not creeten it's cret-en
Good riddance. They only spread misinformation and hate. Establishment propaganda at its worst.
I realize something I haven't watched live t v since the simpsons movie.
"but one was British" so was Craig Ferguson
Let's be honest here:  Late night TV died decades ago.  People just wouldn't bury it and instead they insisted the rotting corpse be propped up in the living room for everyone to gawk at.
The current late night TV hosts are the worse mix ever. Jimmy Fallon being the least funny. I stopped watching after Conan went off air.
its kinda pathetic that u have a handheld mic in ur mamas basement...
Its funny hearing about Cordon and how much of an A-hole . Johnny Carson was, and still is the most beloved late night host. But Carson was notoriously mean, and rotten towards certain people. He held grudges, and certainly wasn't the guy everyone saw on Tv at night. Of course the internet didn't exist back then, Neither did TMZ. So things were just different. Everything has changed now . Late night shows are a dime a dozen. And with streaming services,  and YouTube channels,  the late night shows are becoming less and less relevent to today's world
8:04 The way she immediately said absolutely not and took the balloons away.. And he continues with the one he has left..
Writing is so bad that they can go on strike and no one cares
It was all the Trump bashing. I'm not American.  I get it you don't like the guy but lots of people do. And you weren't just attacking your own president you were attacking your audience,  personalizing it and insulting everyone who didn't hate him. On really deep levels. It was so much hate and meanness I honestly felt so uncomfortable.  It was not entertainment anymore. It was just so gross to see
Dude what difference does the color of their skin make? I miss Geoff and Craig...
good
Conan's success being greater than anyone else largely owes to the fact that he doesn't involve himself in heavy politics and keeps things light-hearted which suits the format best.
Cordens wife ruined him. But some men only do it for the women.
I would watch late night again if it was hosted by someone like Ricky Gervais, Russell Brand or Bill Burr. Imagine watching Ricky Gervais shitting on celebrities every night? 😂
Dear Americans, please please please for the love of God keep James Corden in your country. C'mon, you owe us.  - literally all of Britain
That's one hell of a dick broom you've got going there, Eddy.
It's dying because Conan quit and none of the remaining hosts is Conan.
Actually, if you watch Hasans new special he talks about quitting the show because of death threat
i can't believe the goldmine of takes in this video. Even though conan isn't a segment because he quit there's clear appreciation of him sprinkled throughout  and as for everyone else YEAH i loved the quarantine shows it was like thry were forced to be 2010 youtubers and be AUTHENTIC. The imagine backlash really made them think twice about celeb culture too. Also fallon redemption. Honestly until corden he was the onr everyone loved to hate and it was so silly because it's not like he didn't keep putting new things on the show to keep it fresh and interviews where he laughed "too fakely" Honestly i heard that in conan's too. The 2 guest format just leaves too little time for authenticity. Conan switchinh to 1 guest showed that and then later with his podcast.  ALSO YES ZIWE, I'm so surprised by her mention but ofc, IT'S A HATECRIME TO CANCEL HER SHOW (and patriot act too) Lastly i love poor underrated seth meyers. If any show has to stay i hope its his. Maybe the future is the best ones switching to streamed shows but then ziwe better return.
Craig Ferguson was always the best to me. But late night shows died for me when Conan stopped. I still can’t believe Craig Ferguson retired and then was replaced with James Corden. They don’t feel like 2 different versions of a show. It’s like 2 different genres. Miss you Craig
*"smells like James"* a phrase I never wanted to hear
Get the right information about jay leno and Conan forcibly retiring jay leno.
I don’t watch TV. Why is it 3 AM? Why am I watching this ?
I wonder if commentary channels are gonna do the same?
Whatever Speculative  Not news...op ed.
why tf did they cancel ZIWE ?!?!?!?! The outrage
15:22
To me every joke has to send a message. Certain groups need to be lifted while other groups are treated with kid gloves yet other groups are blamed for everything. Latenight killed itself when humor was sidestepped in favor of messaging.
Seth is my least favorite but I agree it's dying.
Eddy did you just buy a suit for the crosswalk bit??
Corden was the most moderate of all of them I haven't seen much Conan since he was on NBC. I can't watch any of them all the way through and I rarely bother with any of their monologues.
If I were stuck at that crosswalk, I would just lay on the horn during the entire bit.
Maybe, just maybe, comedy isn't as funny when it's overly safe.
Conan is the only one who isn't a soy boy
Kimmel and Colbert are great.  Love Seth. Fallon is unfortunately mediocre.  Corden has never been funny and is quite annoying.  50 year old, growing up on Carson, Leno. Conan is boring.   And you look 40, not 26
Yes, itsa bigger deal than being abusive to restaurant staff
Sorry, James Corden SUCKS
Im going to SAY IT...We know why there killing the late night shows....We would never watch a Trans take over Any Late Night and that is what is going to happen as There A PRIDE CULT that  no body dears to talk about .And just think what Kind of jokes there would be when a Trans would do a Late Night Show !?!
We’re online now. Many of us can’t or don’t want to foot the cable bill… even when the option of network TV is free—blame the cable companies for that. Also, we’re paying for streaming programs (not all of them) and we can also access late night show monologues online. There’s nothing to fix. A newer more innovative product disrupted the market, and the streaming companies will continue to fight for dominance till the last man is standing, even if they drag everything down with them.
what the hell is Ziwe?
If it’s not on YouTube, I don’t watch it.
I haven't watched late night TV much since the days of Craig Ferguson on Late Late and Conan on Late Night, so this is an interesting watch
They went full woke. Personally give zero shits about them. Except Conan of course.
17:50 "What punishments of God are not gifts, do you believe that?"  His answer to that question was beautiful, I judged too harshly of him. God bless him. 🙏
so is the point your making that Late night hosts are insufferable, unfunny and a drain on the public consciousness?
Conan is amazing the rest are knobheads pushing politics, not interested.
thats funny how i my order of favorite host was the complete opposite, The list went from my favorite to my least favorite
CONAN WAS THE LAST GOOD LATE NIGHT SHOW. Also seth meyers was a writer for SNL and great on SNL, so it also makes sense he is doing well. Jimmy is alright. Kimmel and Stephen both are meh.
Colbert is the 🐐. FIGHT ME.
I do still love the good old Daily Show. Good times.
“Hurting jimmy more than it helped”  I’ll bet you anything that his accountants disagree
Im certainly not conservative and consider myself a liberal but they ALL seem to be sponsored by the democrat party with the exception of bill maher. Unless you can take the piss out of BOTH sides of the political establishment then its not good satire or comedy
Once Conan finished that was it. The rest of these dudes either sold out hard or weren't funny/interesting to begin with. Gonna sound like an old man here but I miss Letterman.
Nice
People would watch late night TV if ALL of the hosts weren't insufferable corporate sellouts, and all of the writing wasn't the safest shit imaginable. Absolutely zero edge to late night TV anymore. Author of this video also seems like an annoying twat
I honestly think the issue with late night is that almost none of these guys are really all that exceptional. Letterman was the most charming late night host ever. Conan probably the funniest and Carson probably the best interviewer. Fallon was never the star on SNL, Seth Myers was great in his role on Weekend Update, but I think only has one gear, and that’s hard to maintain over a week’s worth of show. I feel like Kimmel has always kind of come off like a douche? Could be in the minority there. And then Noah, Colbert and Oliver lean sooo heavy on the political jokes, that it instantly restricts your crowd. I think less and less people want politics in their late night (although the minority that do I think are very vocal and VERY passionate about it, on both sides) - a political jab here or there is fantastic, but when it becomes the backbone of your show I think it loses its luster.   I think Late Night can still work. I think it needs to adapt to the times - but I also think it needs the right host. Someone who can separate themselves from what Hot Ones, or GQ, or Podcasts do. I don’t know who, and I don’t know how- but I think it can be done
I would if Norm Macdonald was alive and hosting.
conan is the only late night host ive cared about since the 90s. john stewart is the only talk show host ive cared about. leno and letterman were boring, i'm too young to know who johnny carson is. the short chubby guy was better on the man show, the snl kid is a gimmick. i've never watched an episode of the other dudes.   conon is the only one that's funny and talented enough to write for himself
Great video as always!
I don’t find any of these shows or people particularly likable or interesting and I think that’s just becoming an increasingly common opinion, that’s why it’s dying imo
Merch sold out :(
Dude nothing is crazy about all this. Have we forgotten about Sir Conan, the best Late Night Show Host of them all?!?!?!
Seth Meyers is super clever and is the only late night show I watch (on youtube the next day). I watched Colbert during the trump era, but he's just been cringe after coming back from quarantine.
Honestly that crosswalk nonsense is what they get for living in L.A
I watch Colbert every night as a religious ritual.
Conan is the only one I went out of my way to watch back in HS
I'm sitting here cringing so hard for Alice Cooper (on his behalf). James was an ass to do that to him with the balloons :(
Conan and Craig were my favs
I’m at tour guide and I have had people that have worked for/and or, the people themselves. I will say that Corden is hated, Jimmy is loved but parties too hard, and no one ever has said a bad word about Conan
Don't know this James guy but definitely change the title to "the death of James .. " cause I'm 10 minutes in and ...
Colbert was SO much better during quarantine. Myers was too, but there was way less of a quality dip going back to the studio.
Sad how much Youtube makes from your labor. Youtube is taking a nice skim off the top. You work, they get paid.
THIS IS HOW I FIND OUT @Midnight is back !?!!?
Wow, can't believe you are JUST NOW getting this   The people behind "Late Night" shows lost it in the battle between cable and broadcast.
i loved Craig Ferguson 🤷🏼‍♀️
are you the heir to Yikes swirly colorful pencils from the 90's?
We got Conan's Back! Team Coco for Life!!!!!!!
I watch EVERY A Closer Look that Seth’s show posts. I miss the sea captain and the birds, but I still enjoy it nonetheless.
Go woke and you will go broke. Censorship is for idiots. If you can't handle words you live to privileged a life. Fix your community and get off your phone.
Are people watching tv in general anymore?
you are correct . and were correct in the first 2 minutes rendering the rest of the video superfluous, like the subject matter in hand.  well done on the irony
My ex lived right there near that crosswalk. We would walk there all the time. To think that fat f*ck was so entitled that he would forcefully insert his bullsh*t on the already miserable and annoyed drivers in LA traffic is insufferable and infuriating.
What you described applies to ALL tv, not just late night. Pointless video tbh
Realizing that James probably isn’t a very good person was really disappointing to me, because I personally really enjoy his show. I’m sad that it’s over and that late night in general is struggling.
Bruh as someone with OCD and Schzioaffective Disorder you won't believe how many people's go to when you tell them about a phobia you have, is to then try to trigger that phobia. Like.. you're intentionally hurting me and in some states that can actually be considered batery (if they touched you to trigger the phobia especially).
I grew up obsessed with Conan, admired Letterman but didn't watch him enough, but The Daily Show and The Colbert Report were peak late night tv for me. It all went down the drain for me after Jon Stewart left the Daily Show. No one did that particular format better than those two in that era.
Conan is king. In every way
I miss Craig Ferguson.
Ive never wanted to get a displate, but that Disco Elysium one is tempting me
It's just a changing landscape. Everyone is podcasting now.
Dude I just finished this video -- immediatw subscribe. Damn binging time for me I suppose
Fuck yea union strong!
I saw James at his show as an audience member once a long time ago, not that I wanted to as I really didn't like him even then (went there to see Dave Grohl) I saw for myself how shitty he is with his audience. Completely ignored people who were screaming for him during breaks, instead he'd walk to his desk and browse on his phone looking so grumpy and bored like he'd rather be anywhere else. I found it disgusting that he wouldn't even bat an eye to his audience who obviously want acknowledgement, but no, absolutely nothing. He looked annoyed the whole time he was off camera. Ohh but when the camera is back on THEN he goes back to his smiley TV persona and only THEN he acknowledges his audience, like a massive hypocrite douchebag. Glad his nastiness is more well known now!  I had gone to see Craig Ferguson while he was there as host of the Late Late Show a few years prior to that (Larry King was the guest) and it was such a more positive experience. He was himself all throughout, during breaks he would chat and joke with his audience, shook hands with as many people as he could, and signed autographs. He was such an awesome and funny guy, it's a real shame he left the show only for someone like James to fill his seat. 🙄
i just realized that johnny carson is THE johnny carson that is a notable alum from my college
Wait @midnight is coming back?
Also not every network had a late night talk show for a while, The Late Show only stuck around since people wanted Letterman to get The Tonight Show I'd think.
Late shows are just Democrat propaganda, im not wasting time watching that.
Bro I don’t wven have A TV
The idea of Julia Roberts going to talk to Jimmy Fallon about her latest movie sounds so archaic and pointless.   There are just so many other places to get your entertainment news without listening to Julia Roberts telling inane stories about getting her garbage disposal fixed so she can pretend to be relatable.
Steven falls flat when he starts going on about relgion. Hes been destroyed in any debate hes had on the subject and refuses to admit defeat lol.   And that take he had about gods horrible actions actually being "gifts". Is one of the most fucked up in things ive heard him say. There is nothing intelligent about that statment. It is SCARY. Its an insane amount of deluding himself.   Hes thanking someone, he thinks murdered his family. That's what that is. "thank you god for killing my father snd brother, what a gift you've given". Is creepy as all hell.  Im not religious. But if thats how people see their own god, and STILL follow him, I fear for those people.
1.  Gutfeld is consistently kicking butts in the ratings over Fallon, Kimmel…. No mention of Gutfeld, why was that? 2.  Conan, Letterman, and Ferguson were multiple levels better than their replacements.  3.  Colbert comes across as a jerk.  4.  Late night hosts come across as condescending, arrogant a$$holes to a “fly over country”. 5.  Most aren’t funny, provide no real entertainment, and it’s a dying product.
Ever since Conan was screwed out of The Tonight Show and Craig Ferguson left the Late Late Show the late night talk shows have been in decline. Conan on TBS was the last talk show I watched, and now that that's over, I've pretty much tuned out of the other talk shows. It's just not the same.
The moustache is GLOWING. I’m enthralled.
So wait, I have a question overall, do you think  the shift towards politics in 2020 was a good thing, or not? I get it that shows need to adapt and change and find ways to do it, but spending time alienating middle America(the people who are still mostly watching actual TV) to own "le ebin cheeto man XD" multiple times a week is certainly is a choice.
I use to watch late night TV back in 2000, but not anymore though.
Can’t believe he didn’t even touch on Bill Maher
eddy been putting out his best content lately
Do you have any idea how long I’ve been waiting for this. You posted this at the perfect time I was about to blow up kimmel’s
Back when we had late night with Conan o Brian, Tonight show with David Letterman, and the Colbert Report on every night talk shows were 🔥🔥🔥
You should do a video on how awful displate is 💀😂
I stopped watching late night television after David Letterman and Conan O’Brien are no longer on air and then canceled Sling TV.
Idk why but for the last year , all I do is watch YouTube , you can watch reactions to shows and get the whole show or movie in a hood tone frame or stuff ur interested in … compared to wasting money
Good riddance
This is insane to me. I haven't watched live tv for almost 10 years now.
I believe Late night died 20 years ago.  Who watch’s broadcast television or cable programs?
3:33 what’s with that thing he’s doing with his body and chin wtf😭 like urning for sum
Craig Ferguson was the goat
I grew up on late night shows because my dad didn't have cable and those were basically the only shows on at night. When I was like 7 I absolutely LOVED Craig Ferguson and finding out that he was replaced with James Corden kinda ruined late night for me, but Stephen and Seth have a special place in my heart bc they're very personable to me. Conan wasn't around when I was younger but he is definitely one of my faves now.
The only good talk show host is Graham Norton
Meow
I love Seth Meyers and the daily show, but I just watch everything on their YouTube channels not on TV. The writer's strike kinda sucks in regards to no new episodes.
even my parents who are such dedicated cable fans that they dont skip ads on youtube videos, started watching all the late night shows on youtube
I’m happy to see it dwindle. The format is so dead and I honestly don’t care about celebrities, they’re so inflated it’s so boring.
imagine spending millions of dollars to produce a late night show someone can modernly produce in their basement with a couple friends
The death rattle was getting rid of Conan and Craig Ferguson.
It is genuinely fascinating to me how important late night tv is to people. I have only watched it a dozen or so times and categorized it with QVC in the "nobody actually watches this" section of my brain. This video has 1.5M views as I watch it and I now realize I was so wrong.  I had no idea so many people care about this topic.
STAND STRONG WGA
Say what you want but I think avoiding politics was a smart move for Fallon. He still talked about current events, but tried to stay a little more neutral than the other shows and I appreciate that. I also think he’s just a genuinely cool person and what he did to the tonight show, especially in the first few years, was genius. When he came in I was still pissed about what happened to Conan so that’s saying a lot.
i watch john oliver
Only one I ever watched was Conan.
When talking about the new hosts' diversity I %100 expected you to say the difference is that Cordon is fat
hm, I honestly see 50 years from now, nostalgic videos about late shows... and then, historic videos about them, like cultural history...
Taking questions from the audience started with Carol Burnett 🎉
Did you leave those flowers there at the end, if so people driving past are gonna think someone died in a car crash or something there💀
@13:38 a fly lands on Hilary's left eyebrow. I started dying laughing i'm a child. lol
Eddy Burback is a secret clone of dantavius
I literally barely even use the tv we have in our household, I usually just watch stuff on my phone or on my computer, and the rare times when I do use the TV it is usually a streaming service and specifically watching something with a friend of family. 99% of the time the TV just goes unused.
Eddy's videos are so refreshing in the commentary category. Sometimes these creators can feel redundant and bitchy, just yelling about things that are annoying. But Eddy makes what feels like a full on documentary with facts and jokes mixed together. I feel like I legitimately learn something every time
I'm offended you completely snubbed the hot new center left talk show "The Adam Friedland Show"
Conan isnt dead ill always watch Conan.
MARCH 24, NOT MY BIRTHDAY
Criag Ferguson was an incredible host who was dang hilarious and had real integrity.
The problem is everything is politicized. For the most part no one wants to hear that shit non stop!
love the i think you should leave reference
Now time for a video on political satire like Daily Show, This Week Tonight, etc
Late night died when Craig left
I'm Gen X and one day i just stopped watching terrestrial. I blame the quality, information dense content of youtube creators for providing what the lethargic terrestrial formats lack. Like yours, dude.  Also, unionise.  Edit: forgot to remind you that you look like a millennial Maron. This is a compliment 😀
You failed to mention how they completely abandoned their target audiences and zoned in on older people who hate trump
Funnily enough, I've always been watching late shows on demand (and sometimes not that legally) because I live in Europe and couldn't watch it any other way... I pretty much liked all of them but Jay Leno (c*nt) and Jimmy Fallon (not funny). I loved John Oliver taking over for Jon Stewart while he was directing his movie.
You’re the most Lib youtuber I’ve ever come across,
I don’t really care for anybody here, I’m a bit confused on how you follow up Meyers being you favorite by the most unfunny clip of all time
Fully agree about the Colbert Report being incredible performance art vs. The Late Show format. Before when he was always in character, getting a glimpse of the real Stephen was like a rare gift. And the quarantine shows were highly watchable too.
No mention of Greg Gutfeld, who leads everyone you mentioned in ratings in the same time segment, even with the disadvantage of being exclusive to cable? Curious.
I can’t believe at midnight is returning, finally something that deserves to be resurrected
Dude awesome content. Love your analysis! Shave the stache though, it looks creepy on you. Go for a nice well-kept beard instead. Cheers!
So you put an audio clip in apologizing for not mentioning your merch sooner... Why not just put the audio clip in sooner? Makes me feel like you're lying to me. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt this time, but you better watch it, Bub! For real. Don't piss me off or I will be pissed off... And you don't wanna do that to me... Because if you do... Then I will have been made pissed off and you do NOT want that!
The Larry Sanders Show is better than any late night show today 😂
Dude you're not a young person. Give it up.
Rip to one of the most influential formats in media history but hello to new ones and maybe even better ones..
Welp conan went off so you know
Every time I watch the cross-walk musicals, I always scream STEP ON THE DAMN GAS! HE'S ON YOUR CAR, IT WON'T BE YOUR FAULT. HIT THE GAS!!!
who is the guy in the brown suit at 17:28 ?
I seriously teared up at the end - it’s so nice to see you supporting the writers strike. As part of my job, I’ve been very deep in this news and it can get frustrating to see people thinking writers are ‘Hollywood elites’ rather than, generally, people who struggle to pay their rent as they prop up the entertainment we all consume.
Why don’t you go on late night?
Craig Ferguson was honestly the best
Please, Johnny Carson Invented late night TV. He WAS the party. When he died, so did late night.
Watching Colbert is like watching Charlie Rose back in the day.  You just want to hear people talking.
It's all fun and games until you're comedy interferes in the lives or ordinary people
I never got over Craig Ferguson leaving.
I became a Conan fan forever when I actually read the whole Tonight Show controversy back when i read newspapers as a kid. Outside of the Crimson Chin I don’t respect Leno in any capacity after that bs
You’re so funny 😊 you’d make a great late night host
Larry sanders was the best host
Unfortunately, late night shows have become extremely partisan. And every show has gone ONE way.  Its not satire funny jokes poking fun at American politics as a whole, its hateful mean spirited vitriol pointed at a specific half of the country. The only people who will enjoy these shows are either on the left or are non political. Late night is dying because they're alienating a significant portion of their audience.
It's over
Am I the only one who thinks that a majority of late shows hosts are dicks? Kimmel in particular, with Corden coming up as a close second. Colbert isn’t nearly as funny as he used to be. Fallon and Conan are really the only ones that were entertaining to watch.
Diversity is more than skin deep bud
Late night tv was made by and died with the departure of Craig Ferguson.
Omfg I miss Craig Ferguson, Jeff Peterson and Secretariat 😢😢😢😢
These shows didn’t die because of a change in atmosphere. They died because they just aren’t funny anymore. They are all political, one-sided and lack any insight, which is what comedy is supposed to do (e.g. Colbert dancing with vaccine needles).
I lived in an apartment closest to the James Corden intersection for 7+ years of my life AMA
How the hell Eddy get so handsome. Why that boy lookin so fresh? 😭
conan is the funniest late night host
THEY XANCELLED ZIWE???
I loved Conan he was absolutely hilarious and so likable. James is just insufferable, and honestly not even funny most of the time. He’s also a massive D-bag to people irl so yeah. I only really think Jimmy Fallon is the most fun late night host in general. Imo
Late night tv died when Craig Ferguson left the late late show
You don’t need cable for SNL! Antenna TV is still alive, free, and quite good, and will be better in the next few years.
Craig Ferguson was also British
you're "young" Nd watched live TV as recently s 2019?
lowkey agree with most of what u said here, never get on tv to watch these shows, all i do is catch their monologues
I almost forgot why I hate Leno. Thanks for reminding us.
Personally the appeal of Fallon for me is that I don’t want to see a host give their take on current politics, especially when politics is not their wheelhouse.
I had no idea Marc Maron had a son!
Bless you for being nice to seth meyers
Conan blows everyone out da fuckin water mate
I adore Conan man, he always brings a smile to my face
In 2017 my family went to Universal Studios amusement park and they had a Jimmy Fallon ride. The ride was fun in all and the waiting area was some sort of “Late Night hall of fame” and I just couldn’t wrap my head around why someone would give a shit. I figured it must be some weird generation gap but apparently nobody cares at all lol
8:32 the video keeps buffering everytime I get to this point
26:25 funniest moment on youtube
Craig Ferguson is and the best late night host
Bruh
Imagine ya gotta get to work, you end up getting there late. You know your ass is on the line. And your boss is asking an explanation as to why you're late. And as you feel a weight sink to the bottom of your stomach, you realize the only explanation you have is James Cordon fucked with the traffic lights so he can hold a red light for a bit where he shakes his groin at me in a rat costume.
Jimmy Fallon is a fail in
I would say John Oliver is the only good, funny, and ENTERTAINING late night show
Conan is the G.O.A.T!
I can’t stop staring at that black void between your nose and lips 🥸
hey! the vid is glitchy, and I've checked - it's not just me
WGA strike is so goofy. They are striking to hire a bunch of extra people they don't need while also paying them even more. Most of the shows they made are Terri and have low ratings. Hollywood shill.
why isn't 4:26 - 4:31 playing
Late night died when Conan stopped
Bunch of sell outs, thats why. The BS only lasts so long.
14:18 can someone explain? what happened ?
Did Colbert stop or something?
5:43 this is patently false, at least in NYC. It’s shocking how frequently they won’t write things down and just claim “I’ll remember” instead of just writing it down if asked  I’m sure James Corden was being a complete dbag but to say that restaurant staff are always accommodating is bogus
Well. There is still amazing Graham 👏 but his show has such a different vibe, i don't know if it even classifies as a late night talk show?
By this point in time, I'm aware that James Cordon is a very unpopular guy, but as a Brit it always takes me by surprise. The ammount of goodwill this man has from Gavin and Stacy over here is breathtaking.
I watch Last Week Tonight, but I'm not sure if it counts, and I watch it streaming since I don't own a television anyway. So idk if that's a kiiiiiinda in reply to the opening question, but here's some engagement for the algorithm.
First time seeing this channel. For the first minute or so, I thought this guy was Jared Dines in disguise.
Nah that clip of him not knowing A SINGLE cameraman/woman is CRAZYYYY!!! Ik he deals with a lot of ppl in a day but like bro😭😭
i got no bitches
As a fella working in entertainment and media, quite literally the only people who watch late night TV are people who work in the field, the amount of “did you catch Kimmel yesterday” at own of my past jobs was insane
This just makes me miss Craig Ferguson and Late Night Conan
I feel like it wasn't worth watching after Craig Ferguson - he had good interviews, did whatever he wanted, had a robot sidekick and a dancing horse
None of these hosts are good or smart. They're all about unfunny jokes and "orange man bad."
Good fucking riddance.
I'm surprised you didn't bring up Lilly Singh.
wait i was supossed to watch late night on tv
I don't know why but I heavily dislike Trevor Noah.
Kimmel started out doing some interesting stuff with the format. He had an on-set bar and let the audience drink. But a woman got so drunk she got sick and they had to stop that. Then he had weekly sidekicks like Snoop Dogg, but they eventually stopped that too because it was hard to book guests who wanted to act as sidekicks for a week.  Colbert has been the most disappointing. His early work on The Dana Carvey Show and Strangers With Candy were so subversive and transgressive that I’m honestly surprised he’s Catholic. I didn’t know Colbert brought this much humanity and empathy to his show. But that may explain why I don’t watch it. Not because those aren’t good qualities to have in an interviewer, but because that’s not what I tune into a late night talk show for.  An early comment brought up Graham Norton as a good format that has endured several runs and media eras. I agree and it seemed Cordon wanted to do that. But instead of allowing the guests to be the center of attention, Cordon made it about himself. 🙄  And you’re also forgetting Desus & Mero, my man. #BodgaHive
Wooh support the writers strike!!!
The thing with Fallon, he had no business taking that seat, absolutely none. He was terrible on SNL, his humor is so corny. Just generic, not worthy of the prestige that comes with host of The Tonight Show.
> Wanted to get into film and comedy > Becomes a youtuber with a decent following but no one really cares about > Learns the basics of dreaming and editing,  can write jokes that occasionally elicit an audible chuckle > Close enough
conan is the only redeemable and actually good late night host. all other are blegh. corden and fallon are too annoying, kimmel and noah are too political, and myers and colbert are too boring. conan is a perfect mix of everything good about a host and his twist on a late night talk show is just a better format than the standard one that everyone else is doing. plus, he's just more likeable, both for the crew, the guests, and the audience
5 mins 14 secs -- Signing off -- most boring video on YouTube
Really liked that lady bit about the WGA strike. Very well done.
I used to watch The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson live. When he left, I got hooked on Stephen Colbert's monologue, Seth's A Closer Look and Trevor's whole show. But I no longer watch anything live anymore. I watch all of Seth's content and Colbert's monologue, and maybe Kimmel's monologue on YouTube. Unless it's a viral skit, I don't watch Fallon and I've never seen Cordon's show. And there are very, very few celebrities that interest me enough to watch them get interviewed, so those clips are passed by almost completely.  But I agree, Seth Myers has the best show all around.
Two things I hate: (1) unions; and (2) most main stream television shows. Give me more YouTube and media produced by ununionized writers.
They made the shows political, most people want to relax and laugh, and see a great music act.--I haven't watched a late-night show for years,
Does anyone know what show this clip is from? 22:22
sponsor end 12:51
Sorry Eddie but your soyness is blinding you from seeing that 2016 is what ruined late night as a whole, TDS is real and Colbert has it.
This video could have been 5 seconds long.  What ruined late night was DJ Trump.
Conan is fantastic and the best, no argument there, but I’m here to defend Fallon, he’s made some mistakes and has done his fair share of cringe content but, he’s really not that bad as everyone says. It seems that it’s just the common consensus to jump on the band wagon to hate him, which I don’t understand. Not everything hits but he does have quite a few good jokes, really funny ones no doubt. I hear a lot about his “fake laugh” and annoying happiness but honestly I’ll take that over the pure cynicism and sometimes real hatred that Kimmel has while performing.
James Carden steps on my car he is getting punched in the face
I haven't watched a late show since Johnny Carson left.  I like Leno the car guy, not the host.
I think the reason people equate the strikes to the hollywood elites is because these late night hosts make millions themselves and could take a paycut in order to restore the wages for the writers, but they'd rather bargain to have the unions comp for it.  While I don't know the details of why the wages decreased, it's possible the shows started making less and the hosts were still on their same massive contracted amount, but they couldn't reduce their star talent's pay so they opted for the writers.  If the hosts really are "nothing without their writers" then prove it and reduce your pay which is already too high. But maybe they don't actually care and it's all a virtue signaling.  Or maybe the hosts aren't willing to do it because they realize how unfunny their writers have been and they don't deserve a pay increase.  Which is one aspect that was really not highlighted, is these shows dying is absolutely majorly because of how unfunny they all became. (Or always were)
Look fuck James Corden but that loser Karen who was like get off the car and he put a dent in it is pathetic. The car is part of their production and not just some random person’s car
As more and more younger people primarily follow content creators, streamers, and influences as their main source of entertainment - do you think they lose out on some of the emotional intelligence and vulnerability of people like Stephen Colbert?
Old SNL stars suck at late night.  True late night shows died after Letterman. The rest that followed are just very lame.  Younger generation’s talent are as vacant as the Kardashians brains.
What about the Adam Friedland show?
If it's getting views and ad money, then it's not dead. They adapted to the modern way people consume media.
I absolutely adore Conan. His podcast is always my absolute favorite. His wit, self awareness, and ability to laugh at himself just makes him so damn like-able. Can't wait for his new travel show.
These shows always sucked, scripted and thinly veiled interviews, fake laughs and super short duration. They always felt so fake.
In Sweden we have a show called "Swedish News" that's pretty similiar to John Olivers show. They have had three host in the past maybe 8 years, all competent and well known comedians. I think it's doing pretty well. (Although I don't like the new host as much).
Oliver has the best of any of these type of shows, obviously his is vastly different. It does super well, but only airs once a week, has a focus and a purpose and isn't cookie cutter. I walk away from his show having learned something. I don't think people have the time or the care anymore for these shows. Colbert to me has become a shell of himself. I have seen clips and when he's making jokes I've audibly groaned at how horrible they are.
Every time I find myself watching The Tonight Show recently it just isn’t entertaining, I don’t know what happened.
I loved the video but I couldn't tell if the audio was slightly out of sync or if your moustache just makes words look like they're not coming out haha
your viewers are all minors, and adults watch the tv shows, especially when they talk shit about trump... haha
Considering the current writers strike, it’s relevant to mention another instance of James being an asshole to crew is when he showed up to a private WGA meeting to advocate for lower pay for late night writers
Conan is the only good one left who is both quite likable and quite entertaining
Politics killed late shows. America got more partisan, and newer hosts were hired based on this. This alienated a large number of casual viewers. Conan and Fallon largely avoided this, however you could say it was a large factor in the general drop in viewership. Same thing happened to SNL. Id say Letterman became the catalyst for it all with his open criticism night after night of the Iraq War and Bush. Even if the criticism was right, people used to tune in for entertainment, laughter, and escapism, not to be constantly reminded of the same things the 24/7 news networks were also churning out.
I like reading comments on videos about late night just to read ppl give love to conan❤
Because for the most part they have unfunny hosts
You forgot about the greatest of all late night hosts 'Retired Filmmaker George Lucas' and the George Lucas Talk Show. He even showed up in the video on Seth's desk.
i was waiting for this video ngl
I would definitely be on the news if that bitch climbed on my car.
i hope he mentions how half of late night hosts have done black face
Okay, but I will always legitimately love Conan O'Brian. He is the only late night host that I find 0 cringe factor in.
I always prayed there would be someone to go hit a dance move in everyone of cordons street performances … I mean it is a public walkway why can’t people use it
These shows have all become woke agenda dispensers. Nothing but culture creation brainwashing.
most hosts wont know the names of the camera guys, they're pretty far down the line, they may know the names of the director and DP but they probably wont know the camera guys the camera guys also switch out more frequently. when I worked on Dr. Phil we had new  camera people every shoot. Cam Op is a pretty standard job if you've shot one late night show you can shoot any. Not as a defense of James because hes shitty for sure but just in general there is a bit of separation of crew and host  on most big shows.
Gosh darn it. A couple days late and dat hot green yikes tee is sold out...
I saw choen O'Brien for the time when i was in hospital and his show really became the highlight of each day for me during that time. I never watched that or any other late night show after that but he's show really was a bright spot in that time
Wait, we got Corden for Ferguson? That happened?
It’s kind of like what happened to Saturday Mornings. Except, I was actually saddened when that ended.
That’s odd…I feel the same way about guys with a Youtube account with opinions. Something has got to change! Um…GO AWAY?
Hmm Lily Singh seems to be missing from this
I don’t even watch cable tv anymore; I switched to streaming around a decade ago… like most of the world.
They r entertaining for sure.      if we are talking about their politics - Just to make sure these hosts are all right wingers, mostly agree with status quo and their solidarity with their class interest  They agree with "foreign policy" of amerkkk state department partisan(America-burgerland)   if u r not anti capitalist,then u r a right winger ,no doubt about it
They r entertaining with different strokes   if we are talking about their politics - Just to make sure these hosts are all right wingers, mostly agree with status quo and their solidarity with their class interest  They agree with "foreign policy" of amerkkk state department partisan(America-burgerland)   if u r not anti capitalist,then u r a right winger ,no doubt about it
I like Conan
Most just don't watch TV anymore
Why does the internet still love Conan so much? He isn't a good interviewer and his shtick has been old for what 20 years now? He didn't end his show... It was canceled because no one was watching.
How can you talk about late night TV and not even mention Jon Stewart?
i watched this while getting ready for a taylor swift concert thank you eddy
can I just say I love you so much for including a clip of the bee gees on johnny carson
George Lopez show was the best
I never watch live tv. I just stream the next day.... or watch YouTube.... tv.... that's funny. Yeah.... times have changed.
8:16 just being a twat for attention
The only late night tv show I watch is the Adam Friedland show
Conan looks so disappointed when he talks about Jay It’s sad to see 🥺
loved that you highlighted the writer’s strike at the end!!
So glad you lot took James Corden away from us here in the Uk. He is an absolute plague.
Late Night shows have been going to shit for several reasons: 1) Fart huffing for the DNC and 2) There used to be 1 Johnny Carson. Then people decided to flood the market with Late Night hosts who were all cookie cutter copies trying to be Johnny Carson and the ship has been sinking since then.
I think I've mainly watched Conan and Craig Ferguson. I'd actually stop and watch them.
They're bringing back @Midnight?! That's so bizarre.
As a follow up to this, i would love to see eddy create a full late night tv show episode with the monologue and interviews and bits and all
I think late night needs to go live
Conan and Craig Ferguson were the GOATS of 21st century late night. Once they were off the air, there ain't a reason to watch
Eddy, your content has been so great! Honestly make whatever and I'll watch it.
You are 26?!?!?!?!!!!😮
Perhaps I judged Colbert to harshly
The most disappointing thing about James Corden is having come from watching him do great at quiz shows like Big Fat Quiz of the Year and be genuinely funny and snarky, to whatever sanitized Disney adult ass behind the scenes DIVA he is now. Never seen a bigger case of fame going to someone's head!
the only late night show i actually watch is last week tonight but idk if that even counts as light night tv
You need to be cast as Marc Marons son or a younger him in something.
excellent pro union messaging!!!!! this was such a good video thank u eddy!!! power 2 the unions
having james corden on there but not craig fergusson hurts. like, I understand why you did it, but it still hurts. late night tv died when the unfunny corden replaced fergusson
Maybe they should, idk, pay their writers?
Also, Fallon is the only one that I would ever sit down to watch. I think Colbert hasn’t been the same since leaving the Colbert report
Why did I think that sign said mystery odor 😂😂
You kinda forgot the whole political propaganda aspect of late night...
He is 26 😳 bro looks like 50
Wait you're 26?! I could have sworn you were 34, but maybe it's the facial hair
coco forever
A 26 year old!?!
Thank god James Corden will be off the air
The REAL question is.... what will Sonya do, if it isn't avoiding doing work for Conan?
I attended a taping of James Cordon’s show in 2018. I was visiting friends in LA and it was free. I’d never been to a show taping before, but I found it odd that between takes and off camera, he didn’t speak to a single person. He was glued to his phone the entire time and didn’t make eye contact with a single staffer, even the ones walking up to him to touch up his hair or give him something. The whole energy was “I don’t wanna be here” and then boom the charm came back on as soon as they started recording again
More like not on a diet jimmy fallon
James Corden looks like a pig banker  from those old political cartoons.
You had me until you said Seth was funny. Easily the worst of all of them.
No offense but aren’t you like 20 ? It was dead before you were born lol
You don't have to make that bet about Jimmy knowing his staff. I used to watch a lot of his YouTube clips, and in about 3 different videos, he got the crew involved by calling them by name.
Man, I absolutely loved @midnight. I'd love for it to be a youtube series.
When Leno and Letterman left, they all should have stopped then.  AND JON STEWART WITH TREVOR NOAH, what an awful trade we got there.
Eddy, great naked gun reference at the end there with the hopscotch 😂
I’m praying that Craig Ferguson makes any kind of comeback, him and Conan were miles above the rest of them
I miss Craig Ferguson. He and Conan continued the lineage of young Letterman, weird, absurd, and stupid.
Go woke go broke. 🤷‍♂️ These late night morons are done! 😂👌
Graham Norton still goated
Idk why I did not expect you to bring this around to the writers strike, but big respect!!!
I think I should explain something before the video starts to prevent confusion:   TV was a type of 'streaming service' that existed decades ago. You would watch it on a computer monitor that couldn't access the Internet, had no touch screen, and did nothing else.
I'll be honest, I enjoyed Stephen Colbert much more when it was during quarantine, it felt more personal tbh
If the car Corden wasn't his car and just a random civilian i wosh they backed up and he fell right on his ass
I LOVED Craig. He seemed like one of the only ones who wanted to have real conversations with his guests instead of just promoting stuff. Having Corden follow him was just sad.
Norm Macdonald thought Jon Stewart was great at political comedy, however, the copycats did not do it as well.  I like the bashing of people in charge of the country,  Now, when one party gets fried, the other is  mostly ignored. Johnny and Jay Leno, even though they could be bland, they gave jabs to both sides.  The late night shows should be replaced by 30 minute infomercials. Network tv is hard to watch and many people seem to be glued to looking at their phone screen, even when walking. Like a zombie movie out there. Walking Dead Phone Zombies, on a sidewalk near you. They should read a book while walking, it would look just as strange (grandpa's rant is over).
Late night shows are literally just liberal advertisements niw
They should have took a page from Johnny Carson's play book and left politics out of it. These morons have no idea what they're talking about yet they think we want to know what they think in politics.
I'm with Norm Macdonald in saying that when it comes to comedy, the most important question is always, "What would Seth Meyers do?"
You're not 26
your merch sold out ak fast which is great for you but absolutely sucks for me 😭
i love the idea that that basic itch collage took paris 6 months to make
Politically biased, predictable and boring - the era of Letterman and Jay Leno were amusing at times but this latest crop can only be described as forgettable.
Also, I haven’t watched a late-night talk show in a long time, but there was a period where I was subscribed to Jimmy Fallon on Youtube, but then it became a hassle to try and keep up with his videos, and so I don’t watch any late-night talk shows on any platform. Also also, you forgot to mention Carson Daly and Lilly Singh.
Did you and Codyko coordinate your thumbnails this week
I’m sorry, but putting flowers by the Crosswalk makes it look like somebody died there. Idk if this is something that occurs in the US or Canada, but in European countries, there’s this thing where if a person died somewhere, like on a street or by the road, they attach flowers on a pole (of a light-post or street sign or on a tree) or sometimes they put up a photo or the name of a person as to mark where a person lost their life there.
Ziwe got cancelled???!!! WHAAAT. This alters my state of being
Conan looks like he could be sterling knight’s dad
Conan is the only good late night host
They've all become way too political. Jimmy Kimmel may as well be on MSNBC, all he does is attack Trump. As do several of the rest. That's not entertaining, that's not funny, it's just some hate-filled political rant.
lost your credibility at the kimmel is neutral part. He just uses his show to push liberal propaganda. He's not funny either.
Remember when Colbert's response to inflation and skyrocketing gas prices was "let them drive Teslas"? It's irrefutable proof that Democrats are the Party of Oligarchs.
Honestly, I think late night has gone down hill at least in the last decade is because of trump. They turned from being mildly funny (at best) into political preachers. I got sick very quickly if each night having a political theme of the day that wasn’t even funny. It was cringe level 1000 when Fallon had Biden on and drooled all of him. Or when Kimmel had his wife come on and give a speech about abortion. Like what are we doing guys?
Seth is the best ? …. Dude no one even watches that show . He’s trash . All these shows are trash . But Seth is the absolute worst lol
I stopped watching late night around 2007, but popped in when Conan took over Tonight Show and Dave's retirement show I watched. Other than that, no thank you.
99% of the late night hacks are leftoid NPCs regurgitating the same thing endlessly
It all started when Fallon took over that iconic role as B-rate comedian
I really enjoyed CONAN and Craig Ferguson's Late Late shows. I enjoyed them in general really.
That stache never fails to amaze me.
Great video eddy
When mentioning the big three what about Gutfield
legit was in LA these last few days and i saw these people protesting and i never read what the signs said so that is crazy i witnessed it and not sure how most people never knew
I was positive James Corden was gay.
Conan's and Craig's are the only two shows which I would watch just for their host's personalities. The rest are ok if the guest is interesting to me.
You forgot to mention the all powerful Joe Biden effect that is turning everything to boring.
It’s crazy that this video is 30 minutes long and doesn’t ever try to make an original point about the current state of these shows.   Here’s a tip, commentary videos that just describe things as everyone else sees them isn’t interesting or able to keep a reasonably thoughtful person engaged. The only positive feedback your going to get is “wow, you said exactly what I think about this, great video!”   Dude, you spend twenty minutes doing voiceover on just late night tv clips describing the things we can see them doing. We can see and hear them too, we have the same sources and social media platforms that you do, we have the exact same opinions. You might as well have made a video called  “thing that used to be popular is now not as popular as newer things”   Like come the fuck on, did you come up with this on your toilet watching late night clips on your phone? Did the logical part of your brain go on a writers strike too?  This is content that maybe took about a week to come up with and film, and then edited together over the weekend to pay bills.
"The Death of Late Night TV" Over 1/3 of the video dedicated to James Corden Sounds about right.
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS SOOO MUCH
This entire video felt like a preamble to a very good longer video that never came. Strange feeling.
We were NOT to hard on Jimmy fallon
people can tear my love of jimmy fallon out of my cold, dead hands. he’s just a silly guy!
thinking to myself: hmm, I wonder if Eddy grew his mustache just so it obscures his lips when filming for doing VO
Conan imo was the greatest host. I mean while everyone else has to do a skit, dance, play games to be entertaining. Conan can just be funny. You know someones talented when you can go to different countries, without planned skits, just walk the streets and be hilarious. The only really good host left is Norton.
But what if you just don't like Hollywood in general....
I like @midnight.
How come John Oliver wasn’t included? Like I know he’s not a traditional late night host but I still consider him one and I actually enjoy his show very much. Seth Meyers John Oliver Conan Jimmy Fallon  Kimmel Noah Colbert The fat one
Conan was the only one I watched.
I feel like you could of made this video 4 or 5 years ago and it would make more sense
I stopped watching Colbert when he started trashing Bernie. Rubbed me the wrong way.
The wga lost my support with their ridiculous demands regarding continuous employment. Welcome to the real world.
Late night died in 2015 when they sold their souls to clinton the far right fascist.
I hope the next thing that dies is video essay content creators that just make “I don’t like this thing, and here are the reasons that you already know and will agree with me on”
I did like Conan but nobody even comes close to the great Craig Ferguson!
Do Last Week Tonight and The Problem with John Stewart count? Because I sometimes watch full episode of those when I feel like the weight of the topics won’t entirely crush me that day.
Your enthusiasm about the Corden crosswalk matches the thrill I felt during my anime location hunts in Japan.
I Miss Craig Ferguson
Craig Ferguson bits on YouTube are better than anything current.
James Corden would be a bad poker player. You can read his mind.  That is why I got to dislike him, after many years. I loved his stuff, when he started the US show.  He is often very angry and, yes, mean. Despite all the great improv with the staff, it was based picking on someone too often.  The two Jimmys … always mixed them up. Seth & Steven🆒  33 minutes of Eddy talking about something that I miss greatly.  Thanks.   ❤Late Time TV rules … the next morning.   PS Podcasts take the pressure off people. Conan and Corden could be much easier to watch that way.
How could you not mention that both Colbert and Meyers went to the same school- Northwestern?! GO U, NU.
i love the implication that the gal galdot imagine video was the catalyst for the death of late night tv, because it actually makes so much sense but no sense at the same time
I was hoping Eddy would do like Bruce Wayne at Crime Alley with those roses and he didn’t disappoint
Conan is the GOAT.
Only Conan is not a total loser without any humour and talent propped up by those tv stations
Will James Cordon watch this? 🤔
They were all replaced with idiots
I for one can’t wait to see what Fallon does after his show inevitably becomes unsustainable. I think he’s the most misinterpreted late night host and his genuine character has been restricted because of the platform. Looking forward to seeing him be himself with his own content, I think it’ll surprise alot of people
I appreciate the union shout out
26?
Connan is still the best late night TV host
The thing that really kills late night is their obsession with pleasing their government overlords. They are just puppets
Has t this video been made like 40 times at this point?
The closest we have to “Late Night” in the UK is the Graham Norton show and it’s much more informal and more like a chat show. Everyone drinks and interaction between the guests is encouraged making for a much more chaotic atmosphere sometimes. By all accounts it’s doing well in the ratings still.   Probably a more relevant British comparison would be with Top of the Pop a long running music show that was humanly killed in 2006. It was a complete stalwart of the schedule on the BBC and so it’s death was quite difficult but sometimes it’s better to let things go and remember the good times than to hang on. That’s how I feel about Late Night after watching your video.
Imagine being late to work because James Corden is singing in the road.
22:06 Yes, this is one of the problem with many of the late night show. They are mostly just clones of Jon Stewart's Daily Show with heavy bias so I don't really pay attention to most of it. The problem I have with the political stuffs are heavily leaning toward certain narratives. Late night talk show has been heavily satirized with political things in 90s but it was very equal opportunist, both Bill Clinton and Bob Dole (even Ross Perot) were making fun of it during 1995 so why it suddenly not the case since 2008? Bush, Kerry, and Gore (with some Ralph Nader) were all the topic of jokes but it was not the case in recent years.  24:54 interestingly, 15 years ago, that was the last time the writers were on strike. It was the time that Conan's incredible improv skills took over the late night, this writers' strike will determine if it will actually end the late night television for good.
Please don't send James back to Britland, I can't deal with that 😑
I'm sorry but the things colbert said about loss being a gift of God because of empathy are extremely stupid
Other than the host what's wrong with @midnight? I thought it was a great show
No late night host will ever beat Craig Ferguson imo
If that dude climbed on my car I would definitely floor it
To go from Craig Ferguson, who is easily in the Top 5 best hosts, to the unlikable dude from Cats was the death of late night.
It died when Conan left
5:08 Well to be fair Craig Ferguson was British too.
i only watch clips of seth meyers and also the daily show. others arent even entertaining anymore
How dare you not mention Seth Meyer's Corrections! It's like one giant run-on anti-comedic inside joke; it's amazing
Surprised there was no mention of the real reason late night shows have died, because everyone shifted to politics and cornered themself in a way that made it so they couldn't focus on making jokes and people laugh anymore. They instead now write for approval and applause. The comedy comes after the message, and they don't want to step over the line with their audience they have also cornered into being of one major political pursuasion, so the jokes are all one side of the aisle not wanting to offend someone on the other side.
Just commenting to help this small passionate creator with the algorithm
The internet really polarized society as well. Gone are the days of classic comedy and goofy gags like you would see with David Letterman. Now, it’s like there are sacred things they won’t touch and the same punching bags over and over. Regardless of your leanings it’s off putting because it’s so predictable and stale. But of course they probably all feel they have to do their part for their cause, which they’ve all somehow confused with their political stripe.
I'm not the bigger Fallon fan, not by a long shot, but I very glad he stayed away from politics in his show. Colbert and Kimmel turned rancid when their shows became pandery and political. Entertainment like this is a escape, not a lecture.
is this your seciond time uploading this? i thought you had a late night jummy kimmel video edit, you mentioned it 10 seconds in
Craig Ferguson was the last great late night host
They all sucked. Craig Ferguson was the best Its was a fever dream
What uhh.. what’s behind mystery door #1 Eddy?…
Trump Derangement Syndrome was probably the finishing blow for late night. People like Colbert just couldn't get over it, and every SINGLE FUCKING EPISODE being dedicated to what new thing Trump did turned me off for good. I used to watch Craig Ferguson and Conan to get away from that kind of horse shit, but now it's all there is, with smirking assholes like Jimmy Kimmel leading the charge.
The double meaning of the ending was... Awesome.
Part of the problem is the association of those tv networks being one sided politically. It also doesn't help that these late night shows look like another form of news media and we all know the majority of those credibility post 2020 have gone downhill. The association with the network and those shows is a big reason of the rating fall.
No. I refuse to accept that Eddy Burback is younger than me.  No. Please no. This phenomena doesn't happen to my generation. Is this PTSD???
Yup
Seth Meyers' Corrections is easily my favorite segment on late night and its not even late night, but a digital exclusive.
Not to play the devil's advocate here, but that TikTok claim about them programming the red light to last longer so that Corden can do his dances there is complete and utter bullshit. The fact that some people would believe this is absolutely laughable. If somebody wants to say bullshit like this trying to pass it off as a fact, then include a source
I honestly forget about that insane amount of celebrities singing some song I've never heard before and the fact that for some reason after I saw that ad for the very first time I genuinely stopped watching all the late-night Show's videos and I didn't even want to hate on celebrities I just suddenly didn't care anymore for some reason
I'm not a big fan of James Corden but I wouldn't throw him under the bus for the restaurant fiasco. The owner Keith McNally has a long history of starting shit with critics, shitting on Democrats while supporting MAGA (he says he's a Democrat despite evidence to contrary), and lastly defending/supported Woody Allen and Ghislaine Maxwell IE Jeffrey Epstein's right hand enabler. Guy appeasa to have a DEEP asshole streak. For that reason alone I might give James a major benefit of the doubt to how he acted.
I know Stephen’s son and he’s cool
Conan being screwed out of the Tonight Show is the reason late night is fucked tbh, Leno in general sucked and then screwing over both Letterman and Conan from the Tonight Show slot is just heartbreaking
Yea, colberts late show felt neutered. With the extended run time it just kinda fell off for me.   I should give him another shot its been a bit
Am I having a stroke or something because I remember you uploaded this video like 4 years ago or something
Love the new merch design! I don't usually get YouTuber merch, but this stuff looks so stylish!
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Craig Ferguson!!!!!! Miss him
I love being able to watch Late night TV while it airs but it's way more convenient to catch it on YouTube in the morning while I'm brushing my teeth
The look back at 2019/2020 is just so utterly bizarre like. Time just truly stopped it was so weird. 2019 feels like 4000 years ago
I guess the daily show wasn't discussed because it's only on comedy central but to me it's essential late night viewing. Competent writing (frequently funny or smart, sometimes even both), and an assortment of actor-comedians who are pretty much all hilarious. I was unimpressed with Trevor at first but he grew into a great host.  I briefly became addicted to corden's show because I lived hearing from Ian Karmel and oh man, Reggie Watts... James would ask him such standard questions and he would give the most delightfully bizarre answers. One time they were covering a news story about a woman breaking her husband out of prison and james was asking his crew if they would break their spouse or best friend out of prison and when he got to reggie, reggie said something like "I avoid this issue by befriending only noncorporeal beings" and james just went silent for a moment and then moved onto the next bit. It was stupendous.  Since no one asked:   Personally I don't really get the appeal of Fallon. If I'm watching clips of the tonight show it's for the same reason I'm eating vanilla ice cream: because I was out of everything else.  Kimmel is a funny guy, but he's mean. You can sense it, and it makes all his humor a bit stressful and uncomfortable. And the way he treats Guillermo verges on racist. I said it!  Colbert... Oh, Colbert. Your eponymous show was so savage, so incisive and so uncompromising. Which makes your middle-of-the-road centrist liberal jokes feel so tragic. I can almost hear the jokes they're missing, or choosing not to make. I think sometimes the audience can hear them too.  Seth Meyers is the only late night show besides the daily show that actually feels in touch with activism and the youth perspective, but sometimes they stumble over the most basic stuff, like joke structure or anticipating their audience. For a really long time into quarantine, seth would still ask his nonexistent audience how they were doing before getting to the news. Now he has an audience again but he hasn't resumed asking people how they're doing, he just says "we hope you're doing well, now let's get to the news." I don't know why this interests me so much lol although it does feel sort of emblematic of the show's tendency to miscalculate their audience.  Anyway, I'm telling on myself for how much late night I watch (online) but it's nice after a long day to just relax and help you deal with the latest bullshit.
mustache
I haven't had a TV in just about 7 years now. Not once have I missed it.
That clip of James jumping on that dudes car makes me want to punch him. If you happen to be reading this comment JAMES, and I know you are, if I ever see that pudgy pig face of yours watch out.
I think a potentially better question is how many people still actually watch TV at all, other than those who slurp down cable news. I haven't owned an actual tv in at least a decade, and most of my friends are the same way because literally everything we want to watch is available online, so there is no point to cable/broadcast tv. A decent projector and a a laptop with an internet connection, and you're set.
i need to know how much they paid u for that add /gen
Conan is the best but Craig Ferguson has a special place in my heart
Trevor Noah intelligent? Yeah, no.
Oh, and there also are antennas. No need for cable. Legally, you are allowed to put them up, even in HOA areas. We haven’t gotten cable in forever, at least not in 20+ years. There are always ways to watch your show, when and wherever.
I just went to the Fallon show on the 2nd?? The one with Strahan, an I think he would have to be my favorite.
Tim Dillon needs his own late night show
Eddy rocks a suit
You know, there is something called “recording and watching later”.  You might want to try it. When the shows come back on.
one thing is for sure - Conan is the GOAT
I enjoy watching Colbert, Myers, and Noah on youtube, but I haven't seen an actual late night show on tv in 20 years.
@17:39 when I saw live at the Colbert Report, I loved seeing him do these questions
where da fk is Jhonny Carson in that thumbnail?!...ohhh the DEATH of late nigtht tv, well he didn't kill it. =D
holy crap 26!!! ouch
how dare you remind me pedro pascal was in the imagine video 🥲
Wow. James is a bit of an ass. I didn't watch him before, I'll be sure not to watch him in the future. Good thing he's already done.  Deep dive Johnny Carson some time. Also a 'bit' of an ass.
Late night died when Craigy Fergs left Late Late
11:42   Are you trying to be ironic? Or do you legitimately not understand why late night hosts (and comedians in general) are failing?   Late night hosts are probably some of the best comedians on the planet, but they have to resort to being silly, rather than actually be funny. You know bc jokes are offensive, but being silly, well, any 5 year old loves someone thats silly. And being silly=money.. btw who was your sponsor again?
I had those reebok classics before u
Even my 72 year old mom got sick of late night TV.  She told me she couldn't handle watching Jimmy Kimmel anymore and she never looked Jimmy Fallon.   I applauded her and have never been more proud.
This is certainly... a version of the events that led to Late Nights downfall.
John Oliver only getting a passing mention is pretty crazy to me... but I do only watch the segments they put on YouTube
Late night is failing because it’s gone so far left as well as “celebrities” slowly becoming irrelevant. Less and less of us care about anything they have to say The rise of social media and “wokeness” as a cult has exposed the majority of them as superficial, clueless windbags.   As diverse as America is in terms of politics and culture, average American can’t relate to the extremist views of the militant trans movement, or the reliably predictable racial diversity quota, gay and lesbian, interracial relationships, etc that is shoehorned into every single movie and tv series now.
I miss russel brands late show tbh   Might be the only one...
Ur mustache is too distracting. I just keep staring at how healthy and thick it looks
this CANNOT be how I found out Ziwe got canceled.........
It's tragic no one took the opportunity to plow through James at that crosswalk
They should put the salaries in the credits, so people know how much money the executives make.
You’re very good at what you do
I’ve completely erased Pedro from that singing video 🩷
I only watch Colbert's Meanwhile and sometimes his monologue. But only on YouTube
JACKAL IDENTIFIED!
5:20 Tony Soprano would be pissed about that
Personally I think that Jay's 1st retirement attempt wasn't an official one because he was talked into and forced into it by Conan and NBC so no one can truly blame him for coming back despite not wanting to, but nonetheless I consider his 2014 tonight show retirement to be the OFFICIAL retirement.
I'd really like to see Cordon react to the end of this video
@19:42 I'm a boomer and outside of high prestige shows or live events, there is ZERO of anything being offered on just normal or cable tv. I saw this during the dawn of youtube. There's no need to; & Normal T,V as we know it, started dying a long long time ago. That's why we're all here enjoying this video, not on channel 47 on UHF on our tv.. YUCK.
After Craig Ferguson and Conan were done I completely lost interest in late night shows, felt they were some of the only genuine and likeable personalities.
Another issue that took place is that the primary viewing audience right now for these shows tends to be a bit older and this demographic generally disliked the politics that these late shows had in the Trump era, especially with how hosts like Kimmel and Colbert did everything they could to look like smug assholes when doing so
the one time in my life I watched late night tv regularly was when seth myers was doing his quarantine show. then as soon as he went back to typical late night tv I slowly stopped watching
As a 20 year old (early stage zoomer), I haven't watched TV since I was around 10 years old. I think I stopped watching TV about when Kevin 11 turned into a monster again in ultimate alien... anyway. Theres no reason for someone like me to ever watch television. Its not an attention span thing, trust me. I love sitting down for a half hour video, even 2 hours, or EIGHT. Long form content is definitely what I prefer. The thing is, I can't pause an 8 hour TV show. Not only that, even if I could, it'd be interspersed with 50 million unskippable ads. Plus, it probably wouldn't even be niche enough to be interesting. More of the same regurgitated garbage that television and film has been making for decades. I want content about the intricacies of road markings, or the functions of microwaves, or random specific battles in ancient rome. You just can't get content like that on TV. On top of the already mentioned reduce accessibility & functionality, and increased watch time. TV fucking sucks man.
This is an ultimate clickbatey video. I dislike James Corden, honestly thought he was a terrible person, and halfway through this video this guy is still talking about James Corden (okay I'm on 11 minutes out of 27), and almost makes me liked James Corden. Everyone in the world already disliked the guy, it's not a new opinion, do better content.
Idk my dad loves watching the full late night shows streamed the next day
I saw that Jury Duty clip! Such a gem of a funny show 😂
Craig Ferguson hands down the best.
For me the problems with Fallon are the Trump interview and the sad clown.vibe. Same for Colbert but I remember his glory days and love seeing his LotR geekdom.
Very happy to know it's not just me, a 27 year old woman, who has YouTube premium 🥲😅
When Colbert was pretending to be mega right wing that was his peak comedy lol.
About the Corden traffic thing, doesn't it make the other celebs look bad as well for choosing to participate in it?
why am i just learning that they cancelled ziwe’s show NOOOOO
As someone who has bought flowers before I must say... I can't believe you just dropped $50 on flowers to make a joke.
Pretty sure Craig was British too ;)
that guy's 26?
Good job Eddiey
Kimmel, Fallon, Corden… not funny. That’s why late night is tanking.
Jimmy Kimmel looks likes he's constantly inhaling opioids
Kimmel does have the best live shows. Some of the concerts put on for that show are fucking nuts.
How anyone is entertained by any of this is a mystery
Corden is a diet-version of someone? Okay
For whatever reason I thought this was going to be a video about the bachelor. Happy to be here
I do feel like Colbert's ability to have earnest conversations with celebrities is his biggest strength outside of his career in satire. I think he would be far better suited to following Conan and just doing a podcast with guests so he can highlight those strengths as an interviewer. Few hosts I've seen on TV have been capable of getting me to tear up like him.
Shout out Desus & Mero! The Bodega Hive miss you guys!❤❤
You neglected to mention Sam Bee and Lilly Singh…and that they were the lowest rated shows in late night history.
this video is so chronically hollywood. 95% of people don't care about any of this shit: the staff, the restaurant, the crosswalk. nothing.  in reality, the show is ending because ratings for it suck now, and james corden isn't funny or entertaining. it's literally that simple, anything else is conjecture.
They didn't stop production in support of the strike, they stopped it because they didn't have any writers...
Paris Hilton's ape looks like an extra in Cruising (1980)
Seth Meyers is the only late night show I watch. I also only watch it on Youtube. His show feels way more like a really high quality youtube channel than a cheesy late night show.
With how the writers strike ended newer episodes of late night shows i have to ask: why should i feel sympathy for the people responsible for writing these awful shows? Only a handful actually wrote anything good and the REALLY good ones im pretty sure they can negotiate anything, especially if they had more than 1 part behind the scenes
Awesome video
Craig Ferguson kicked everyone's ass.
im sorry but i must say it.....eddy is so foine
I agree with it all. But in addition, I think the writing got so lazy after Donald Trump ran. The writers went all in on Trump, and it lasted too long, and became unfunny really fast. I missed non-Trump comedy.
Your thumbnail is misleading. You have Conan O’Brien on there instead of Stephen Colbert.
Another great video!!
Eddy reminds of a young Gene Shalit
Colbert is the only one would stop and watch if he shows up in my YouTube timeline . And I don't know if last week tonight counts, but it's the only one I actively search for.
Seth Myers’s is great. Until he nervously laughs like a girl for way too long when confronted with big-time comedians
I think 90's and early 2000's late night talk shows were the pinnacle of american entertainment. The late night wars between conan and leno were the golden age imo. the two part video series about them called "late night wars" is a great watch
Fallon is annoying and unfunny.
ohhh I'm pumped to watch this
this was a beautiful and very entertaining video to watch and really gave me a lot of insight within the worlds of late shows. However, I cant believe this is how i found out that Pedro Pascal was in the Imagine video. Babygirl, why?
Since it doesn't seem to affect you since you probably agree with their takes, you probably didn't even consider that late night's foray into becoming more political was a major turning point as well. A large portion of late night's audience shut that shit off the moment they and their opinions (the viewers) became the butt of the joke. Literally all of Hollywood has their "right and wrong" think, and they have made it abundantly clear over the past few years where they stand. For many of us, we decided "well fuck you too, then," shut off the TV and haven't looked back.
Colbert is just the warm-and-fuzzies theatre nerd I love, Graham Norton is that banter and star power, and Conan has just the funniest and most comforting Wait-Wait Don't Tell Me energy I need sometimes.
I think the death of late night can also be attributed to us as a society becoming more lax about what we consider to be "raunchy" or "for adults only" as that was sort of their purpose, to be an adults only tv show.
man, I never noticed how handsome you are, Eddie
It died with Craig Ferguson. Rest if these dudes are ass
I think everyone misses Craig Ferguson
When you said “I will never get a cable package. You’ll never get me again” I felt that
I miss Jon Stewart :(
Late night hasn’t been entertaining or remotely amusing since Carson left.
Late Night TV has been dying because they're propagandists. People tuned to people like Conan, Johnny Carson and Jay Leno because they made fun of everyone equally. Now it's just "agree with me or you're a racist, homophobe, misogynist POS."
people forget TV antennas still exist!
i get the same feeling about seeing colbert do late night that i get when i see someone with a huge dog living in a small apartment. he needs space to run around
Give us a video on John Oliver plz🙏🥺
Thank you so much for this analysis! I agree with everything you say, and I am much more engaged with Conan material, as he seems to always be reinventing himself, whilst still staying genuine and humble acknowledging the contributions of the people around him.
Conan is the GOAT
You failed to mention another factor:  Late Night  TV alienated 50% of the country with their politics.  Even Jimmy Kimmel said that ABC went to him and told him to scale back the Trump jokes cause he was losing viewers.  He said he didn’t care.  While I agree with your macro view of how Late Night is outdated.  The business model of late night is pretty dumb as all the hosts (except Gutefld) are vying for only 1/2 the country.  Wait, did you even mention Gutfeld?
Im a young person (23) and ive NEVER watched a late night show. Ive only seen a few short clips here and there on YouTube.  Many of my peers dont watch them either.
The networks need to get rid of every one of the current late night hosts.  After watching for around 30 years,  I quit watching when Leno left.
I was one of the 12 people who like Corden's show, but only his pandemic-era stuff when he and his crew would banter. Once the live audience came back and it was only him again, big pass.
i'm 40 and honestly dont know anyone who watches latenight tv except my dad who is 62, the last time i was even into late night shows was when conan was on tbs, i'd say my favorites were letterman, conan and craig ferguson but yeah the format is a thing of the past.
I stopped in 2017. Unwatchable from then on.
From Johnny Carson to these afeminate clowns in one generation!
I often have to drive for work and if I was stuck in this traffic only to find out it’s for a Corden bit? In this economy? With these gas prices? I would hate him too.
1:48-1:54😊 The Bee Gees... Robin & Maurice/ (RIP Twins) ❤
It really looks like someone died in a motor accident at corden crosswalk now
It was so hard to watch James pull out the balloons for Alice Cooper I almost clicked away until I remembered what I was watching
whats the song at the end
great video, we really lived through a cool period before the end of cable. growing up watching the colbert report then the daily show was so entertaining.
Yeah, a lot of us watch them, it’s quite literally just James Cordon who needs to leave (and thankfully is.) Heaven forbid 100% of the population doesn’t watch every late night show 🙄
Eddy is my favorite eddy
The craziest part of this video was when you said you were 26. You look like a 45-year-old 1970s porn star. And that's not meant as an insult, at all. I'd totally be in a movie with you. Moving on...
Let the record show that at 23:02, Eddy's fly is partially unzipped. That is all.
I think the streaming services and the decrease use of cable (yes Youtube TV is an option). I have to say that although I do watch Colbert I watch Seth Myers. Just a personal preference and how he kept the changes (no longer to suit and engaging with the camera man and Wally). And still I  watch it on Youtube and not when its happening. Another is when they chose to put the clips for the late night shows on YouTube also plays and a part.
I think you missed the biggest reason we dont watch anymore. The hosts arent the friendly, classy and funny guy at the party anymore. They are too often the preachy, annoying guy who is sucking up to the boss at work and for some reason the board likes him and doesn't see through the facade like the average person does. They arent comedians who are brave enough to acknowledge the insanity going on around us. Instead they sit comfy at their desks and count the corporate sponsorship bribes under the table. Why would i watch that?  I used to be a regular Fallon, Degeneres and Colbert viewer. Now if i see them i click away ASAP. Conan's clips are still great.
I miss Kimmel on the man show
Nice job, dude. Got you a new subscriber.
Eddy drops some of the best commentary videos so casually
I just think every single example of any single show post Conan is absolutely unwatchable and makes me want to leave my own skin. They are all awful and COVID turned them into giant smug losers
When you become a shill for one political party and hide behind so called comedy you are no longer funny.
Love ya and love your content. When you have a sorority girls wall blanket with your merch and you wear your merch throughout your video it's rather difficult to believe "Oh gosh golly, I totally forgot that I have new merch". C'mon son, that's a huge chunk of your income. Don't bullshit your audience they'll support you either way. Not a joke, not a jest, just trying to make yourself look humble.
Why am I watching this?   I couldn’t care less about this.
My mom gets her political indoctrination from late night shows.
I feel that the Johnny Carson's success was not just due to likeability, but he gave a platform to so many talented people who simply needed a chance to show their talent to a large audience.  Johnny Carson helped launch the careers of many household names.  Conan O'Brien came the closest.  The rest?  Self-aggrandizement.
We need an Eddy late night show/podcast
John 13:34  A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another: just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.
I miss Conan 🥺
For me, I never got into late night. However, it’s probably due to me being gen Z and basically growing up with the internet. Although, I have to say that I honestly Conan was the best late night host. The thing I like about Conan though is all his bits. I feel like other late night shows just don’t have as cool of segments of his. They are also very accessible on YouTube. I also love how he incorporated his staff with his bits, to the point they are characters on the show. It just makes the show feel real an authentic. I’ll always remember stuff like him helping an intern practice for her drivers license(and then getting weed), traveling the world, all the bits with Jordan Schlansky, etc).
Puts on late night
You know how you hate all those late night shows? Who do you think writes them guy? Why do you want to support shtty writing smh
Started watching Amber Ruffin during quarantine and she’s a delight. Her writing on Meyer’s show is really excellent and it’s exciting watching her shine.
Does anyone watch you at all. Never heard of you.
My favs were Conan and Trevor 💜. Btw just a question, can you do a video about "Whose Line is it anyway"?. I grew up with that show and I will love a whole video about it from you 🙏🏼🙏🏼
you stopped watching tv in 2020? I assumed young people stopped around 2011
Yeah, none of these guys are funny.
I thought for sure he was 35-40
The recent lack of Late Night clips have made me a happier person. I feel like my Video Recommendations have been slightly Cleaned.
New Eddy video!!
Interesting! I love watch Seth on YouTube! Fallon’s Trump interview was the end of my interest in his show
@midnight... where else am i going to get these POINTS!!!?
i think it’s funny how much eddy says he’s young
I’m not up that late so I just watch the clips on YouTube.
Used to watch the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson but stopped when he left.
No.
I feel like the idea of late night tv is great but very outdated
everything about Corden reeks of soy...
It sure is depressing knowing that the majority of these talk show hosts are woke pedophilic satanists..
Honestly, I think Conan is the only actually likeable person in the whole bunch. He's also shown he can do more than just be a late night host.
I wouldn't watch ANYTHING from any of those clowns since Craig Ferguson left the Late Late Show.
Okay, but MAJOR respect to Pauly Perrette trying to take those balloons from James when he was being an ass to Alice Cooper
Colbert taking questions from the audience always reminds me of Carol Burnette doing that at the start of her show back in the 70s.
This is because no one is watching network TV anymore. Why would we when we can stream anime without Ads on the internet?
They aren’t funny
Watching this in between hentai at midnight.
Can’t miss something you never watched.
everyone who's done audience seat filler work through SRO or BTS knows and hates that crosswalk
Awesome video, Eddy!
Never let Jimmy Fallon off the air!!!! He has the best ride at Universal!!!
james corden’s late late show contract ended on my birthday what a gift 🥳
Only reason I pay for Hulu live is for sports honestly.
thank you for talking about the writers strike!!!
Eddy's lookin rough for 26
It's so odd because after the pandemic, Corden's show seemed to be a lot more group oriented and the crew was always involved, often as character in skits and helping along the punchlines.  I watched the show nightly, and I didn't care for James an awful lot, but I enjoyed the employees of the crew that he was surrounded by.  Maybe this shift was in direct rebuttal to the Kimmel incident but it's still interesting to consider.
This dude called Stephen Colbert and Trevor Noah intelligent lol. Ok then.
How do you not mention that a guy who hosted THE MAN SHOW and has done black face a FEW times now hosts a show where he gets to act woke and hollier than thou towards people who get cancelled.  How anyone could possibly stand Kimmel's facade is beyond me
They aren't funny, they try to be THE star, rather than deferring to their guest stars and they are too political. A great example of how to be when on-air is Johnny Carson. He facilitated his guests in being open and interesting. He could go after both sides of politics politely and he had great entertainers. These hosts just don't have it.
Conan still the goat modern late night show host (not including Jon Stewart)
they aint even funny tho
My perspective of Jimmy Kimmel changed after watching old clips of The Man Show 😳
Honestly, I'm not a huge fan of Seth Meyers, but I do like that he has a lot of guests on his show that wouldn't get a spot on other late night shows. He's featured a couple of comic book writers and artists, which is really cool.
eddy's mustache seems to get bigger and bigger every video
26?  Gotta admit, I was assuming you were about 10 years older than that. I think it's the majestic moustache. Seems like it should take about 30 years to grow.
IMO last week tonights format works so well that keeps winning Primetime Emmy
Ever stop to think that all these "institutions of American comedy" and their host burned their credibility bridge during the pandemic and became intolerable?
I love Seth Myers, but the only show I watch live if I'm home is Svengoolie on Saturday night.
Yoo I saw Alice Cooper for my 9th time this last Tuesday! Great front man, incredible person. How dare that small pathetic host do that to such a legend.
No one does for anything mate.  You still living in the 80s?
Does SNL count? I’ve occasionally turned on the TV and turned on SNL depending on whose hosting
Eddy do be lookin kinda fire in that tux tho...
eddy, youre a gem of commentary entertainment, which has, in its own way, become its own institution in these modern times of content consumption - globally, too, as i can tell you i am writing this from portugal. late night tv as a concept might be fading away, but if we have people like you making use of their talent and adapting to the times, i feel like the core of late night - which is just , to entertain, to inform, to comment, to get contact with the parts of culture an audience wants to get a closer look at, and to do it all while pulling some belly laughs from us - then i think we’ll be in good hands, artistically wise, to face this new era of comedic entertainment, and the ones to come after that too.
Bring back The Chevy Chase show.
I didn’t know about the James Corden Balthazar controversy, but I will say that restaurant staff are absolutely horrendous when accommodating my egg allergy, to the point where I was literally choking and the chef came out and yelled at me to suck it up cause there was no way he messed up. Either way, Corden might have been justified if his experiences have been anything like mine.
trevor noah is painfully unfunny
It was nice to link the video with the strikes! Class conciouness is essential!
John Oliver is the only host I watch anymore. The comedy blended with politics and hard hitting facts is what I think more of the late night shows should have been, but I can understand not wanting to alienate anyone if your main goal is just to entertain and have high ratings. But John Oliver doesn't gafffff lol, that's why I love him so much. Plus, yanno, I resonate with self depreciation jokes as a millennial 💀
Late night TV has been dead for a long time. It's just that late night TV only recently noticed.
jimmy fallon got off lightly on this one. he's a total hack. can't stand his incessant cackling and overreaction to every guests response.
Abbey Road < Corden Crosswalk
I’ve seen every episode of Fallon & Colbert since they each took over, respectively. Sometimes while it’s airing, but normally on demand: cable, app or tv streaming.
I started watching Seth Meyers (on YouTube) over the pandemic.  I especially love his "Corrections" segment and also how he changed up how he did the show, after the pandemic.  He seems like a really genuinely kind and good natured person.  Except when he's trolling the Jackals, of course. xD
As a writer and an aspiring screenwriter I fully support the wga strike. People saying it’s not justified or saying it’s stupid have no idea how production works and that a show or movie they love wouldn’t be thing without those screenwriters.
late night tv been dead for like idk 7 years?
No one is on Conan's level imo, he's really my favorite
This guy is only 26?!
Don't return the hat!
Jimmie Fallon destroyed that show. He played the “ BESTys” card all the time. His voice is annoying and his guests are boring. Intellectually a complete disaster.
No one watching late night any more.   Me still watching old Conan and Letterman clips.
Lmao imagine hemoraging 20 million dollars a year, also being a piece of shit, and then trying to play off your show being cancelled by "not renewing your contract". Good riddance James Cordon.
Don't see how you could not talk about the rise and fall of Desus & Mero
Tall Skeleton literally did the exact same video
I wanna mention, Seth Meyers’ writers are on strike right now, their pay was put on hold because of it, and he’s paying all their salaries for 3 weeks. He also showed up to the strike in person
@AJ   -  Hey, give me a few samples of your very own "sanity" and we will discuss it.   Direct me to a YouTube page where you have expounded your wisdom on an appealing topic.     I'm dying to see your "lack of  degeneracy."
​ @AJ  -    Hey, give me a few samples of your very own "sanity" and we will discuss it.   Direct me to a YouTube page where you have fairly recently expounded your wisdom on an appealing topic.
Craig Ferguson’s retirement in 2014 started the slow death of late night. Glad he got a mention here
I've started getting into floral patterns and earthy tones so i might get that green shirt
Interesting points.   Late-night TV died when Letterman moved on. Seth Myers is still fun, but that's been it for some time. Colbert is fine but exclusively political since Trump. Even before the pandemic,   Cordon said in interviews (before he became the anti-christ of late-night) they had no illusions about who was watching them that late at night (the morning!) with Carpool Karaoke, etc. YouTube was their target audience. They got far more revenue from YT than from broadcast.   The entire concept of 'talk shows' is entirely dated - they were one of the first TV formats and have LONG outlived their point. For a while with Carson (yeah, I am THAT old) it was an event to see who he had on - a breaking comic, a celeb you ONLY saw with him, or a regular fun guest - then it turned into a promotion machine - no movie star came on unless they had a movie to sell. All the conversations became canned.  Dick Cavett (so far as I recall) was not a late-night host - I think his show was on in first-run syndication. HE had amazing guests, long intelligent conversations and risked controversy. His show is a time capsule of the 60s-70s
Video interaction
Personally, I love Kimmel and Colbert the best.  I can tell they are really being themselves on screen.  Kimmel also broke the barbature ceiling (my phrase for professional men having beards, believe me it's a problem for some older people.  Letterman did it briefly too but I think he retired too early to make a real impact).  I'm taking this strike time as a good motivator to read more of George R.R. Martin's long series.  He is very funny sometimes.  I don't need to watch the HBO show, he knows how to write a strong screenplay and keep me interested.  Don't get me started on Fallon.
I first saw James Corden on Doctor Who so I was very excited at first and then slowly started to dislike him.
I honestly miss watching Conan on network it’s been forever
My uncle was on the camera crew for Colbert's at home show :) he won a peabody award
Conan is the only boss youd wanna work for after hearing all the stories about how after he left nbc he kept most of his staff under him helping support them with jis money conan is one of the poeple
late night being on decline for 10 years... craig left late night 10 years ago. COINCIDENCE?   rt tho he'll always be my fave bc i do have so many memories of him getting me thru high school and talking to my mom abt his monologue the next day (i could usually only keep myself awake for the first two segments.) then when i was a freshman in college he ended the show just after my first semester. sophomore year he did his comedy tour and i got to see him live and it was incredible.  all that to say I'm one of his cult followers. but before i started watching him i didn't like late night much except for conan-- he was the only one i found funny, but when he had regular programming i was younger and not really interested in watching tv late at night anyhow so craig was still on when i was an older teen and could appreciate the hustle more ^_^  i find colbert charming, but i don't go out of my way to watch him.  his show feels commercial for lack of a better term. after you get used to a creepy scotsman and a gay robot going off script and riffing off of each other for 10 years you can't really go back! :s
the only strong feeling i have about jimmy kimmel's show is that it was a good choice for him to hire lou wilson tbh
@Midnight is coming back?!?! Best news in late night TV ever!
the only late night i ever watched regularly was jon stewarts daily show and i really liked noah as a comedian before he was even announced as the new guy but I just found his take on the daily show to be less rigorous and less funny. Podcasts have been my primary mode of engagement with celebrity culture probably since 2009 and I'm also 26.
it's crazy how now you genuinely look like the evolved version of 2019 Eddy
13:00 brilliant point i did not realize
I stopped watching at 18 min. Seth Meyers the best 🤔🙄
You did not do nearly enough on the Fallon NFT, thing... Deserves at least the same effort as Corden focused portion. That segment was seriously dystopian end of the world surreal. And a quick jog to show that they and both their agencies were invested, so it was a live snake oil grift to rip off gramma and whoever else watches late night (as well as just excruciatingly transparent and boring).
Jimmy Fallon is not funny.
your mustache is looking good eddy!
the only shows i ever liked were jon stewart daily show and craig ferugson late late show
hot take but I love jimmy kimmel
Late night peaked with Craig Ferguson, full stop. And ironically, it did so because Craig hated the format.
Thank god it's dying. It's celebrities talking to other celebrities, jerking each other off.
I watch Seth Meyers religiously. The next morning, on YouTube lol
Good Mythical Morning has been doing various versions of “Spill your guts” for years and better. I like how Jimmy Kimmel played that though 😂
HE WAS ABUSIVE TO DA STAFF 🤌🤌🤌
James Corden has the same energy to me as those “popular” girls in high school who thought they were cool for loudly talking and laughing with their friends while the teacher was trying to start class and everyone else had quieted down
James Corden not respecting Alice Coopers phobia gives me Ellen coercing a pregnancy announcement out of Mariah Carey vibes - he is literally just fat male Ellen
James Gorden isnt Gay?
idk about james corden but his carpool karaoke segments were the best
Man you forgot that no one watches TV anymore. That’s the reason people.. Everything else is minor
does every youtuber do that thing now where they mispronounce something to bait comments? yes? well, i suppose it’s worked on me
They insist on populating it with mindless flase faces with as much true personality or whit as my bicycle pump then wonder why it died? If you watch the greats like Johnny Carson they play eagerly with fires like Robin Williams and do so without the smothering script because they are inteligent enough to know how to and have the whit to react in a way that supports the guest.
I’d rather watch a good late night movie.
"he was abusive to tha staff!"
If this isn’t the best argument for Patriot Act to come back idk what is
the internet killed the cable star
i watched craig Ferguson before his retirement really one of the last great titans of the format
Late night shows are a relic of the 2000’s tbh
What is the theme song from that he is playing in the intro?? I can’t place it and it’s driving me crazy
I have such severe tache envy
Samantha Bee is a great comedy hostess but I feel like she’s stuck. Ideally, her show would be longer segment like John Oliver’s documentaries- but since she is somewhat stuck in this limbo of late night shows- it’s a rushed 30 minutes. Hard core hitting journalism sped up. The jokes can’t land since she is forced to move quicker. Hopefully her success is just around the corner.
Calling James Cordon a "Diet Jimmy Fallon" , is probably the only time James Cordon has been associated with the word diet.
Thumsup
atp the only host i like is fallon
Seeing that moment when cordon talked with pelosi in front of her two mega freezers loaded with designer ice cream was the most clear sign this civilization was on a downward trajectory
Seth and Conan do the best with their staff I think. Seth helping Amber Ruffin get her own show and shoot to stardom was awesome.
james corden’s food show was also racist, they took foods from other cultures and were basically like “look how disgusting these are”
Comedy Central Colbert was incredible. It was satire's highest form. But i guess it was time to let it go
I dont think ive watched actual live TV for like 15 years lol
As a British person, I was super happy to have gotten rid of James Corden and pass him off to the Americans 😊 we don't want him here
oh man BEEF is such a good show. I love Amy Wong
The only late night show I still catch whenever it comes out is John Oliver and I think he’s far and away the best late night now.
R.i.p. James Corden, you may be missed 🕊
The best thing about Jimmy Kimmel is the use of Lou Wilson, one of the best D&D players of all time. God bless you, you wonderful, hilarious man.
I'm 25 & British so seeing as I only got to see these guys via YT clips really highlighted the fact that late night talkshows as a format was never going to last. But I was always hoping that they'd stick around as a sort of source for good skits n stuff and a lil part of me still wants them to continue on, but more in the style of Dick Cavett in the US or Parkinson from the UK. They had deeper questioning that was less anecdotal but also still benefited from having a live audience. But with regards to all these hosts I generally agree with ur takes with some disagreements. Firstly, Conan is my favourite and is the best but I could never tolerate Andy Richter as he is simply not funny and I do think that sometimes Conan would either be too ott or just hog too much of the some of the interviews with self-deprecation. I also don't like Podcasts and I dont think it's an improvement to the format but I give him credit nevertheless for exploiting the popularity of that market. I think Fallon is 2nd simply because even though he laughs at everything to easily it does just seem like celebs go on to his show knowing they're gonna have a good time and that's nice to see. I also think he has adjusted well to the innovations of social media pretty well. From that point on it's all downhill. I like mean tweets and family feud things like that but they are pretty rare and he is quite an abrasive host. I understand that he idolised Letterman but I think that that more of a hindrance than a positive. It really does show that he is passionate about late night for example with his tribute to Don Rick les but I just think he's nice to watch. Additionally I don't like Guillermo and how he is written in as an awful stereotype or how he treats that other guy who is rubbish at describing celebs he met. Sets Meyers is boring. He's decent at interviewing but not truly worth watching. It's like his guests go there to feel indie or classy but just appear to be there. Never watched a closer look because I never thought it could rival the daily show or John Oliver covering the same topic which they inevitably would and with much more detail because they'd have more time. By all means it could be good but I also don't really care. I feel like it is a myth that talkshows had to offer political insight from 2015 onwards because it either shouldve been there from the start or not at all. With Corden, aside from the fact he was a bad person, he was a mediocre host. He very rarely had any interesting questions of note nor did he have any notable moments on the couch. The idiot sandwich meme is his best contribution and that is ancient and he can hardly take credit. Never watched Carpool Karaoke bc I didn't understood the appeal of watching it. Only watched a few of the rap battles and spill ur guts, the first gets cringe quickly the second seemed annoying fake. I know that ppl also complained about the fact that it was culturally offensive but I think they could turn off the TV by the time he's announced they're playing it anyway. And besides some of those food items just on the basis of what they are are unappealing just because of what they are like when u find out foie gras is duck liver it tastes nice but u know u ate liver. The other flinching game was pretty dumb as well. Other than that he was very narcissistic from his takes on be fatshaming, to things like his crosswalk crap to just who he made his key allies like Harry Styles and Adele. He played up that sort of fat, campy guy persona but it was just annoying. British people didn't really hate him in the UK but his stock decreased because of how it just seemed that he was so incapable on his own. It then got more frustrating when ppl would see all the amazing opportunities he was afforded and how he would fuck them all up. Colbert is crap. I mentioned how I watched clips on YT to start but the prospect of watching a 9min interview w  Colbert was unbearable vs a 27min talking about why he was bad. He's so awkward in interviews, has a pretentious set up, annoyingly religious and preachy, rarely had a deep moment like the one with Andrew Garfield, invited James Franco on after he was facing accusations of sexual misconduct so not good with timing. I can't say he's the worst because Bill Maher still technically counts as a Late Night host but he is shit. And whilst John Oliver and the Daily Show also count as late night but they're so news oriented that they don't really count. But only Conan and Fallon had anything of note that was worth watching. Now Fallon is all that's left so I wouldn't bother getting cable if I was in America. YT would  suffice
That hopscotch moment was just *chefs kiss*
This was a great deep dive on late night! I didn't know how the various hosts stepped into roles when others retired. 🤔 I recently put out a video which is similar but in a different vein. One late night host who stands above the rest imo is Graham Norton so looked at why this is the case, with reference to Fallon and Kimmel also. 👌 If you want more late night content - https://youtu.be/oLGIFoevXKQ And if not, that's cool. You do you.
I came and stayed solely and exclusively for the mustache
been watching for ages now and have only realised now that Eddy kinda sounds like Mordecai from regular show. ahaha
Seth Myers is funny and everything, so is Colbert, but I don't claim they are good people, not a fan of the two Jimmy's
I always loved Colbert and Conan. To me then and Jon Stewart are the best in late night.
16:58 ultraman spotted in the bottom right of the frame
Late night hasn’t been the same since The Larry Sanders Show. No flipping!
lose the mustache, it looks stupid
TV is a thing of the past.
No one watches because they’re not funny anymore. Making fun of trump is old.
Hey, there's a Kapibara is sitting under your nose
Modern Hollywood writers should get paid less
John Oliver is my absolute favorite!
beautiful vide0
Trevor Noah is horrible. Like, he's a good man sure but he's a garbage comedian and joke writer
Ironic thing is I remember the last writers strike when Conan bearded out, and how the writing for all the late night shows improved 😂 So the problem with all the writing is clearly all the writers
Seth Meyers has done a great job on his show. It doesn't feel like a host change at all. It feels completely new and Seth has a lot of personality and comedic chops to make it work
Dammit Eddy, you coulda had a jumpscare warning for James Corden even his fucking name f;kajsdfasd Good lord that was terrifying
Colbert would look great with a lovely piano-wire necktie. Fallon, Meyers, Kimmel....  get some rope.
Colbert's at home quarantine show was something that really really helped me through the pandemic. Once he returned to the Ed Sullivan Theater to continue his regular TV show, it felt incredibly detached from reality and ungrounded. Completely opposite to the feeling I was getting during the at home format
Did you know that Eddy Burback calls himself Eddy Bareback when he’s “with” his girl? He’ll kick the bedroom door in wearing nothing but a moustache, and his girl instantly becomes liquid. He starts grunting and growling while he’s screaming “I’M EDDY BAREBACK BAYBEEE!” He then jumps onto the bed creating a loud “sploosh” sound, and howls at the moon like the peak of masculinity that he is. His girl, at the absolute apex of arousal, looks into his eyes as he says it one more time; “I’M EDDY BAREBACK BAYBEEE!”. What comes next is the most savagely beautiful love-making session this side of the animal kingdom. I wish I was a 1/10th the man he is…
bro the mustache is growing to a sizes hitherto undreamt of.
The Adam Friedland Show is my favorite talkshow right now.
Im so comfused i watched this video yesterday and because i couldnt pay full attention rewatched it but i feel likeba huge chunk was missing? Did he cut part of the video out?
I mean is it the absolute death? Or just for now? Cuz if its the latter, think of all the great jokes the writers will have thought up (at least in their heads), ready to go! Well, I guess that's a good thing for half the nation anyway...
Nice shoutout to the writer strike, have family that works in the industry, good to see representation.
i agree with you about stephen colbert. i like him and he seems like a nice funny guy but i just don't watch his show. i think it's the format. my favourite talk show is graham norton. the fact that there are multiple celebrities on there at the same time i think really helps because it's not just the host, it's also different celebrities interacting with each other. and it seems like graham is good at making everyone feel comfortable enough to joke around. plus they kind of quickly run through a bunch of anecdotes so nothing is drawn out.
Get woke... go broke
just found out james cordens first show on late late was my 14th birthday lmao
As a non-American, it's very interesting watching these videos because I get to see the people who actually watched these shows talk about them.
The 25:30 should be in the beginning.
Honestly I'm surprised Eddy was still watching full tv episodes until the pandemic. I'm like 5 years older and it's been youtube clips for me since day one. The last time I saw an episode of late night front to back was in 2013 when I attended a taping of Conan in person!
Myers and Colbert are my favorite because of how they incorporate there crew
Eddies videos hit so hard, makes me wish he uploaded more, but thats prolly why they are so good
i feel like the late night talk show format is still kind of working in the UK. we've got Graham Norton & Jonathan Ross, and other comedians with temporary success talk shows
I feel like Graham Norton is still able to draw viewers to the celebrity culture aspect because you get funny interactions between groups of celebrities you would never normally see together, and Graham is a fantastic conduit for the guests stories. Julie Walter's putting her hand in 50 Cents mouth to feel the bullet shrapnel is a prime example, you can't get that kind of content anywhere else.
I don't know. To me it was always that the new guys just didn't have the charisma to carry shows. Then the ones that did were pushed to the side because they wouldn't sacrifice their charisma to go on an entirely boring political witch hunt.  I had to listen to a lot of these because I used to hang out with someone who would watch them religiously and he was near deaf so he always played them at crazy volume. All I recall is just constantly being annoyed with only a few actually entertaining bits very sparsely. It got me curious and I started watching some old Carson and Letterman and the difference was night and day. They're people that you want to listen to and you want them to like you. While the new anchors' personalities were just nails on a chalkboard even before the happening.
"Good riddance to bad rubbish." -The British
"Writers are paid 23% less than 15 years ago *when accounting for inflation."* Oh, so when inflation hurt normal people for the last two years it was fine, but NOW it's an issue because it affects your bottom line. This strike is a better joke than anything they've written in their entire careers.
Seth is so underrated, he has all the best bits.
rip ziwe and god bless ben & jerry’s the tonight dough starring jimmy fallon
"Colbert was best positioned for the shift into politics." And it completely broke his brain.
the shit was trash since i was even a kid nothing beats the internet with all to do why would anyone waste their time watching some reject on tv
love the fact that eddy does the hopscotch
Nobody in the sane town of Chillingbourne watches Late Night TV - not even one person!! 🚫
26? Holy shit I thought you were almost 40
The hat’s kinda, sorta, maybe, just a liiiiiiiiiittle too big.
As a fan of late night, I am a HUGE fan of Seth Meyers and believe that no one compares to him in late night. A Closer Look is always as engaging as John Oliver's "Last Week Tonight" segments, and they do 4 a week, albeit in a more political and less controversial light. He is INSANELY personable with his guests and is able to adapt and flow with ease due to his improv background. He comes across as genuine in his questions and answers, which is more to say than a lot of other late-night hosts. I used to be a Colbert fan until he started his own show- his comedy feels old and angry. Seth Meyers has adapted to his current audience and his love for his staff shines through the mundanity/horribleness of the current news. I truly believe Conan was the true king of late night, but Seth has picked up where Conan left off in a different way. He isn't Conan, but his interactions/collaborations with his writers show what an incredibly smart and strong crew they are. Keep Seth Meyers on air!
Nice
8:36 LA's streets are negligently designed. They are far too wide, too many lanes, and too fast. They are built like highways. I don't give a crap that James Corden was blocking one for an extra 5 seconds. The drivers chose to use their cars and add to the traffic instead of doing the responsible thing and taking public transit.
no matter what he does, what controversy he causes, to me James Corden will always be..  ..that guy who was in a couple of mediocre doctor who episodes
“Street peoplw” is crazy
Seth is my least favourite of them all, after Corden. Seth isn’t funny at all, no edge no balls, pretty much all of them suck.
Wonderful work Edward
I am trying to figure out what song is playing at the end of the video. Anyone know song/artist? Thanks in advance 🙏
Letterman into Kilborn, then later Ferguson, was peak late night viewing for me.
banger closing
Conan will always stand as one of the best comedians and show hosts in my book. To this day I actively search for his old and new content because it really is timeless. And like Eddy, I too love Conans travel series and the way he always tried to be emersed in the different cultures as well as make it soo freaking funny
at midnight was one of the worst series I've ever seen
5:39 Hold on James Corden is married?
Maybe if they weren’t all liberal hacks
When he crossed the crosswalk… I got chills.
Too much politics. You danced around the subject like it wasn't what turned off half their viewers. And it's only going one way.
Eddie's a real stinker, in the best kinda way.
As someone who’s autistic with horrible sensory issues I think I would’ve gone to jail if Alice Cooper was me LMAO
im at the sponsor rn. i was waiting until the sponsor to pause the video and take a shower. the minute i go to pause the video i see this man. with this BIG FUCKIN HAT. and i cant click away. what the fuck 😭 this guy knows how to keep engagement up smh
Ngl james always came up with interesting premises but ended up as all mess
Fallon and Myers are my 2 personal favorites. Not that I watch late night television, but of all the clips I see, they are my favorite.
Late Night shows committed suicide by politicizing EVERYTHING and not listening to their (potential viewers).  They spout this liberal crap and expect all people to react the same.  No research on their audience nor what their audience wanted.  Late Night did this to themselves.  And the public's life and satisfaction increased in proportion.  Late Night TV can grow a mold and decay; the sooner the better.
Jesus is coming back soon! The Bible foretold all of the things that are happening in the world right now over 2,000 years ago. The New World Order is about to come into power and the world is about to go into the 7 year tribulation, which is going to be literal hell on earth. Everything is coming together exactly like God said it would! Yes, for the world it is a hopeless situation, but the good news is that God has provided an escape through faith in Jesus Christ alone!       John 3:16: “For God so loved the world that he gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him will not perish, but have everlasting life.”       We are all born sinners and doomed to spend eternity in hell. Romans 3:10 states that “There is no one righteous, not even one”.       Romans 3:23 explains: “For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.” We all have a sin debt that we owe God and it is so great that we can never possibly repay it. However, the good news is that Jesus paid that debt by dying and suffering the wrath of God in our place on the cross, and three days later He rose from the dead in ultimate victory over sin and death.       Romans 6:23 says: “The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.” God loves us more than we can even imagine and is offering every single person forgiveness and salvation, regardless of what anyone has done, if only they repent and put their faith in Jesus Christ alone. We can never do anything to earn salvation no matter how good of a person that we think we are. Isaiah 64:6 states: “all our righteous acts are like filthy rags”. But praise God that when we accept Christ as our savior, Jesus gives us His righteousness! It’s a GIFT!       Romans 10:9-10 explains: “That if you confess with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved.”       Romans 10:13 “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved”.        Jesus IS Lord and the Bible says one day all will confess that and bow their knee before Him. Unfortunately, there will be many that do that right before they go into eternal torment in the lake of fire. Do it now before it is too late! Jesus is real, He is the Son of God, He gave His life for us, and three days later He rose from the dead. To this day there is an empty tomb in Jerusalem! He is coming back soon to rapture every true believer. Don’t be left behind to experience the wrath of God that’s about to fall on this world. Repent of your sins and get saved now before it’s too late. John 14:6: (Jesus speaking) “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”  Here are a couple links for further information. I am not affiliated with this website or ministry, they are simply tools that I think may help you!  https://jackhibbs.com/know-god/  https://jackhibbs.com/real-life-basics/
Letterman and Conan are both gone so… yeah late night is dead
It's truly an American tragedy that we lost Craig Ferguson to that train accident the Brits call "James Corden". How does such a shitty person exist at such a level in the entertainment industry? I guess he's another "Leno" type: people who can't seem to help punching other people's lives (and livelihoods) in order to improve their own station. Late night will surely improve with comics like Corden off the air, thank goodness!
My men jhon oliver probably predicted the future so he choose literally deferent director as compare to his friends
oh man jimmy fallon meant so much to me when i was a young teen! i have so many memories from when he did late night and i remember watching his tonight show premier live! definitely over the years my opinion on him has changed a lot. for a while i didnt like him at all anymore and now i would say im more neutral positive. but i think there was definitely something special about that 2013/2014/2015 era of night shows like you said. it was a really exciting time.
Imagine Anthony jeselnik start his late night show i can bet it gonna work 100% because everything he does is negative and It's the nicest thing for comedy
No one really like a protagonist persona anymore and every late night host play protagonist there, nothing really deferent between kimmel, conan, fallon, james they all nicest person in show. Imagine Anthony jeselnik start his late night show i can bet it gonna work 100% because everything he does is negative and It's the nicest thing for comedy
Colbert has always felt more human to me as a host, especially during quarantine. He just seems like he is an actual person outside of his career.  I once saw someone point out that in his quarantine episodes, his wife laughs at his jokes off-camera-- not all of them, but the ones she finds funny. I also really enjoy his interview with John Mulaney (regardless of how you feel about him now, it's a great interview) where the two of them talk candidly about their anxieties and how they navigate comedy because of that. Obviously he's a multimillionaire, but he feels like he cares about what he does.
this is Daily Show erasure and I won't stand for it
Jimmy Fallon is the fakest fucking persona in late night
We cut the cord around 2010 or 2011.  Even with three streaming services, it’s cheaper than cable.
As someone in the US, I still don't know who tf that Corden dude is. I can recall seeing a single YouTube video with him and it was some shitty karaoke. IF THAT FUCK EVER JUMPED ON THE HOOD OF MY CAR I WOULD FLOOR IT. And whatever happens, happens.
a fitting tribute to late night tv
It's amazing how Conan inspired the next generation of comedians like Carson did for his generation.   No one says Leno (or even Letterman) inspired them to be comedians. It's always Conan.
With such wonderful hits as the Star Wars sequel trilogy and TV shows, LOTR TV, Marvel movies and TV shows post snap, Dr Who, Star Trek movies and TV, DC movies and TV,  GoT Season 8, late nite comedy, and so many others are great reasons why they need to cull writers not institute mandatory minimums for the amount of morons you hire.   If you look at what their asking for, they're stupid. They want a set number of writers and a set number of days/hours. How about like the rest of America, you get paid based on merit? You know if your show tanks you get absolute minimum/nothing. For you earned nothing for the company.   Instead they want a communist style setup that rewards everyone equally for bad work. If you wrote the Batwoman tv show, you don't deserve more than someone working at McDonald's. You did less than them to provide in this world.  This isn't the death of late nite television, this is the death of entertainment as we know it. Most of these people need to find something their actually good at, instead of their twisted vision of an ip. They can't even be forked to keep that even in continuity. Gotta love Velma and the new Turtles.....
Seth Meyers’s transition from the news segments on SNL to late night talk show host was probably the easiest “career transition” known to mankind
My favorite is Jimmy Kimmel.
The spill your guts or fill your guts segment is kinda racist…
Just wanted to mention that your sponsored spots are great. Making them a bit silly and entertaining means I don’t skip them and the progress bar stymies my impatience as I can see that it’s moving quickly. Thanks Eddy.
i told myself i wouldn't fucking watch the whole video and somehow i did   THANKS EDDY, NOW I DONT HAVE ENOUGH TIME TO FINISH MY FINAL EXAM
Conan was the only late night host I’d actually click on
Farewell
Bye-bye!  The fact that the writers strike, a strike of some of the most worthless people in Hollywood, is what's bringing down these Late Night hosts, the most worthless people in the public eye, is just the best instance of killing two burds with one stone in history.
His WIFE!!!!!’?????????!!! I I thought  I thought that James cordon was a whole gay man.  He isn’t? Is this a Mandela effect? Is it happening?? WIFE!?
Writers are just the best. Conan, Rowan Atkinson, Jenifer Saunders, Dawn French, Victoria Woods, Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie, Will Ferrell, Seth Meyers are writers I can think of off the top of my head that are exceptional and they’re not the majority that we don’t see working as hard as game developers do to get the art, that they’re being forced to rush for a fraction of what the people who are rushing them are getting paid, done.   THAT’S CAPITALISM BABY YEEHAW 🤠
Lol... never watched American late night TV. They're all shite.  I watch Graham Norton, it's a lot more entertaining (and no I don't find James Corden funny).
I am so sad that Ziwe was canceled but I couldn't bring myself to pay for showtime just for her show. Im part of the problem. Id like to apologize to you Ziwe.
Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon are the same person and no one can tell me otherwise
I don’t hAve cable or an antenna so ha
🌹 🌹 🌹
i would consider getting cable if eddy burback was a late night show host
And i still dont care.
Craig Ferguson was the best.
It’s just the older generation who watches regular “TV” channels.
It was over when Jon Stewart left. His show had a purpose around which all the other shows could orbit. They flounder without the gravitas.
Ngl, I have no idea who Jimmy Kimmel even is
naked jakob is AWESOME and eddy bumbum is STINKY
9:19 If one of their actors stood on the hood of my car without my permission, I'd definitely yell at them.   Same for if they twerked on my car. @8:40   James is beyond not ok.
Top Tier YouTuber
This is honestly really sad for me because I have such fond memories of watching the Colbert Report and the Daily Show when Jon Stewart was still the host; we'd sit in the living room and watch them while we ate dinner. That was years ago now and while we still sometimes tune in to the Late Show or Jimmy Kimmel, it really isn't the same anymore. I still love Stephen Colbert but I find less and less of his jokes and bits funny and sometimes find myself asking if I'm laughing because it was funny or because I love Stephen Colbert and remember when he WAS funny. Not to say that he doesn't still have great monologues, I love his meanwhile bit, but it really does feel like it's truly the end. Which is strange because I think back to 10 years ago when I thought it would never change at all. It'll be interesting to look back on this another 10 years down the line and see how different things are then. RIP Late night TV, you may be dying but I'll keep the best parts of you in my heart.
God im older than eddy wtf
the backdrop is gorgeous omg the tapestry the pillows the couch the lights it’s perf
That line by Colbert during the Anderson Cooper interview was heart wrenching. GOAT LSH
Yo the new merch look soooo good, might have to scoop a couple up before they're all gone!
22:41 As much as I enjoyed watching @midnight leading up to the final season, this is one series that doesn't need to be rebooted.
YOU'LL NEVER GET ME AGAIN COMCAST!
I’m glad Seth is getting the praise he deserves. I remember when his show first started out and it not only looked different, but the structure felt different as well and it wasn’t nearly as good as it is now. Letting him be do the monologue and segments at his desk helped him play to his strengths, and I’m glad that instead of going back to his suit like every other host, he kept the informal attire. The show feels very casual and he seems to have a great connection with his writers and audience. After Conan ended his show he easily became my favorite current host.
I love Colbert and Meyers!! I watch so much of their stuff on youtube. Literally never watched them on TV. Colbert during quarantine really was a gift.   Also, the format of Last Week Tonight is so different from the other shows that I didn't realize it was the same thing. I watch that every week on Monday as if it's just a youtube channel with a regular upload schedule.
I hate late night hosts but damn this video has so much personal bias. Like man I watched a few of your other vids and they were so streamlined, informative, and interesting. This one is just all over the place and uninformative kinda like a late night show lmao.
Hat looks great Eddy!
Good, the smart people in this country are fed up with this liberal bias woke bullshit all these late night shows put out day in day out! I hope their all canceled from lack of ratings they suck anyway
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Good riddance. The one thing all those shows had in common minus Conan's, is that they were complete garbage.
Marc Maron has a son?
Not to mention the rise of woke culture is anti comedy while many of the late night shows hosts are not really funny and come off as veiled political pundits.
Good, they're not talking about any real sh** anyway.... Get rid of them all!
Whatever happened to predictability? The milkman, the paperboy, the evening tv?
conan and Ferguson were the last greats... Colbert literally ruined TV for me.  i hated him so much i used to intentionally watch so my gag reflex would purge my binge drinking.
It's only John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt doing ridiculous acts on late night TV and saying dumb things to the audiences nowadays.  Anytime I think about late night is with Johnny Carson on NBC back in the 70s and 80s. Then you, David Letterman, on CBS network from the 80s and 90s. So people don't stay up that late and work 12 hour shifts. Not everyone has cable and cable is expensive to have nowadays. Every time I think about a stupid person and give them honor of being called John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt as a real dummy because it fits them so well.🤣🤣🤣👏👏👏🤣🤣🤣
james cordon rubbing the balloons together to trigger a guests phobia reminds me of ellen a bit too much
Fallon is good at preplanned sketches, especially the musical performance ones. But he is surprisingly horrible at interviewing people.   Meyers and his fellow writer/performers (Ruffin, etc.) are funny, but I think a lot of the humor in that show is a little bit too educated /  sophisticated for the average viewer, and that's why the ratings haven't been as good as the other shows. Which is a shame; they deserve better.  Kimmel seems like a decent dude, but I don't find his show as funny as the others. Plus, some of the recurring bits are actually a little bit too cruel for my tastes, like the one where he encourages people to tell their very young children that they ate all of their Halloween candy.  I'm also a little wary of him because of that awful "man show" back in the day, but he's clearly matured since then.  Letterman, O'Brien and Ferguson were the best from the retirees.   And I think Colbert is the best at the overall set of skills for this kind of show out of the current batch. He seems to have a very broad base of knowledge outside of the entertainment world, which helps him to think very quickly and come up with the right thing to say if things go off script. And as an interviewer, he knows when to keep it funny, and he knows when to show empathy and seriousness.  Agreed 100% that having a good set of writers is the most important aspect of all. Being writers first is why O'Brien, Colbert, and Meyers are so good.
What is the difference between the late night and daytime format. I’ve seen Gen Z fall head over heals for Drew Barrymore’s show.  Any research on that?
As someone who lives in LA and regularly makes an hour+ commute from one side of the city to the other for work, I cannot tell you how blood boiling it would be to miss my bus because james corden was shaking his ass in the middle of Beverly.
Need that closing song!! It’s so beautiful
I asked my parents if they ever watch late night shows and my mom said, very passionately, “every single night” like okay Lori damn
Who the hell are you?
We do not forgive pedro hes one of the worst
i don't care about james corden that much, i would have liked to know that a solid third of the video was about him 🥴
Theyre all leftist mouthpieces. They dont care about ratings. Theyre being paid too well to care.  .
Late night TV has been on a decline for a while. Network TV, ABC, CBS, and NBC, ruled the air waves years ago. Now with all the choices we have the FUNNY and the CLEVER, had been diluted with a lot of crap.
I find eating and drinking to be unpleasant when my mustache is that long. How do you deal with it?
hahaha another classic eddy!!! hahaha
as an english person, we dont like james corden either 💀
People across the country are getting tired of these celebrities and Hollywood in general. They have become very narcissistic and bias in their political comedy. Learning Late night host don’t even write their own monologues makes it more vomit inducing.
You gotta watch graham norton show now after doing seeing all of this on american tv
bring back dick cavett
Bros mustache is glorious
Jimmy Fallon looks like he's holding back a bunch of excess skin with a clamp on the back of his head
Too much one sided politics, zero comedy.  You can get the same thing watching CNN, MSDNC or any other democrat propaganda outlet.
bro is so close  to understanding how the rich profit off the labor of the worker, SO close
The only late night show I ever turned my TV on for was Craig Ferguson, and I watched it as often as I could. James Cordon is stupid. I think they're all stupid actually. I miss Craig Ferguson.
ok the mocking theater kid thing by doing crosswalk musicals- I didn't know this was a thing on his show, so I just assumed he's a dick and the biggest theater kid of them all...i assumed it was 100% him thinking this shit was cool
I haven’t had cable the entire time I’ve lived on my own. It’s really not necessary with all the streaming services available now.
That was such a good video, congrats! I love Conan too. Anyway, cheers from Brazil!
I liked Kimmel until he became political.
Good question. My husband I haven’t watched a late show in 20 years or so.
the weirdest thing is you probably know the names of writers and directors and obviously actors but nobody actually knows or cares about these “studio executives” yet they reap the rewards of others? without any reason other than a name being attached to a property?
poop
Who is missing here? https://www.youtube.com/@KW-Talent-Show
I work in live tv broadcast and all of the on air talent know us crew members and bring us cookies, donuts, celebrate our birthdays, thank us and mention us by name on air. There’s no excuse for James Corden to not be able to name 2 of the camera ops. I’ve met a lot of on air personalities in my career and even the people I thought were a-holes are literal angels compared to how he seems to be. Edit: autocorrect
I'm surprised the crosswalk button didn't say, "Press to Ashley." Just to make it really special.
Colbert gave us that precious Keanu Reeves moment where Reeves said “the people who love us will miss us when we’re gone “
Conan is the best to ever do it, but this video made me remember that Craig Ferguson is right up there with him. Absolute legends.
Your 26? Jesus, you must’ve had a hard life😂
I can't believe I just realized James Cordon's last name was Cordon and not Gordan which I have heard until now. Also Jimmy Kimmel did blackface
Union plug at the end goes so hard great work per usual brother
Jon Stewart was the end. I was actually choked up when he abruptly pulled out.
stellar ending haha
i'm very sorry for that server but "restaurant servers are always very accommodating to allergies" my fucking ass. people have gotten fucking anaphylaxis because of shit servers do on purpose out of spite. if they have an opportunity to be ableist they will take it.
At least we have gutfeild
The question you should be asking yourself is do people turn on their TVs to cable/satellite at all? The answer is no. If they turn on their TVs, it's to streaming services and movie platforms. Infact, probably alot of people don't even turn on TVs to do that anymore. They turn on their mobile devices (phones, tablets, etc). TV, just like radio and the telegraph before that, is dying off just as it's predecessors did.
Conan was king!
I want the Yikes floral flag that’s in the background so bad. 25:36 Eddy I beg put it on the store for preorder please!
we don't talk about lily singh
I audibly gasped when Eddy came on screen in that suit with those flowers, and all that for James Corden??? 😭 Jimbo doesn't deserve that good of an outfit Eddy
Eddy putting the flowers down right there makes it look like somebody died in a car crash on that corner
i’ve always had a feeling James Corden wasn’t a good person so the only surprising thing about his controversy was the fact that he had a wife 💀
You never heard of him before he took on the Late Show? Wow... you lucky sod.
Eddy you’re like the dad from cloudy with a chance of meatballs and I’m okay with that
You know there’s this guy, Conan, he’s got a podcast, and he’s pretty funny I think he would make a great late night host.
No mention of Larry Sanders
Agreed, late night was an institution and the internet and podcasts killed it for the better. Craig and Conan were the only shows watchable as a Gen-Zer while the others are either too dull or political for my taste. Now I just watch YouTube clips old Conan clips and Johnny Carson interviewing legends like Don Rickles and Rodney Dangerfield.
Stephen Colbert doing the at home show was actually really good. Colbert's talent really feels wasted on a nightly talk show.
I’m so glad you mentioned John Oliver ! I love his show so much, and I’d love to hear your critiques on his show !
ppl put too much thought into media, late night is lame it always has been
Right Colbert is obviously a puppet type now opposed to the Colbert report
Eddy looks great in a suit
I'm sorry but Eddy stopping to play hopscotch was so cute I had to laugh lmfao
Late night TV is dying for a thousand and one reasons, but most among them is that the hosts no longer have any particular politicians who they can take a shit on.  And even when they did, it was of course not the least bit funny simply because they always attacked the wrong politicians, and they also praised the wrong politicians  -
The only late night show I ever bother to catch is Last Week Tonight with John Oliver because he's just...objectively more fun.
Thank the lord, bring back reruns of Carson and Leno..........😁
A 26yo? Good lord you look like my dead dad 3 years after he died. Hey sus H Christo man eat a burger without the bun guy.
I wish you talked about how some of that food in fill or spill your guts is cultural food because hella ppl find it disrespectful
What really sets Eddy apart from other commentary youtubers is a certain joie de vivre that appears in every one of his videos
I miss you, Craig Ferguson
If it was your dream to be entertaining people like Conan, you are so doing that. This was so good, so insightful, so thoughtful and fair to the subjects and also lighthearted and funny. As much as I would love to see stuff from you all the time, it is so worth it for the quality videos you've been making.
This is the first video of your I've ever seen and I am grateful I trusted youtube when they put some random mustachioed hipster on my home page.  Subscribed.
I haven't watched 'cable' tv in like 15yrs. Always mostly on demand stuff.
Nothing, absolutely nothing will replace Jimmy Fallon dancing to a "take the Covid shot b/c a new variant is out" song set to B52s Love Shack. A historic low for big pharma propaganda.
Seth is still the only one  I like to watch ❤
As a 26 year old? Jesus, I'm 50 and I thought we were peers!
I’m convinced James corden is gay
i agree with your rankings of the hosts. the reason why i don't like jimmy fallon is because he over reacts to every little thing. it comes off as disingenuine and aggressive.
Remember how James Corden showed up to a WGA meeting and got the mic to argue why he should be allowed to pay his writers less? Cuz I remember.
I totally agree with you that Colbert is a great interviewer in an emotionally intelligent way. He's a very cool person. Authentic
With Conan gone, late night will never be good. It's just too many people getting political with their work nowadays. I was very very entertained by a man who was naturally funny and never had to step into politics to make people laugh. It was genuine and not pandering to an audience.
Always bringing race problems where there aren't any smh
Top tier video. 👏👏
I like to pretend that never happened to pedrito, I can forgive him he didn't need to do it but he was just being nice 😭
I watch Colbert with my dad all the time. He thinks Stephan is really funny, and relates to his partial deafness. We both miss Trevor Noah, it’s really too bad he left.
10:01 BARE HANDS!?  wow... we thought we could trust you.
and good riddance
Truly said
goat
late night is so shit and only opd boomers love that shit.. and u dont have to be old to be a boomer
Wait James C has a wife? I always figured he was gay.
Not Dr Pepper but still great:)
I tend to only watch Seth Meyers and John Oliver regularly, on YouTube. I like that Seth actively involves his writers and crews in skits, and that he stands up for their rights with the WGA.
The way I would drive off if James got on top of my car
All of those shows except for Conan are insufferable to watch. It’s all the same regurgitated bland jokes over and over. I’m glad they are on strike. I hope they never come back.
Yes Seth Meyers on YouTube. Not network television anymore
We saw Conan on tour in San Francisco in 2019. Purchased a VIP package that included a Meet & Greet backstage & a goodie bag full of merch. Conan is taller & thinner in person & very, very nice/patient with fans. He had other comedians as well as a band on that tour. It was a fun show & his staff was great to me (as a disabled/mobility impaired person that has difficulty with stairs.) I grew up watching Carson & Letterman. The Tonight Show & Late Night were about the only things on for an insomniac student to watch especially if you did not have cable in the 90s. I usually preferred the later night shows that come on after Johnny (Letterman, Conan, Ferguson) & I definitely liked Jimmy Fallon's show better when it was in the later time slot. They had some pretty great sketch parodies & it felt less like a game show. Fallon is very talented but not a great interviewer imo. My fave right now is probably Seth Meyers (he is a good interviewer & doesn't pull political punches) followed by Colbert. I don't watch any network tv anymore  except for those shows which I stream. I do not have a twitter or instagram acct but I agree, I think with all the podcasts & YT channels & social media platforms, network aired late night talk shows just might go the way of the dinosaurs.
Conan is legitimately funny
As someone with severe misophonia, corden bringing out the balloons when the guest said he hated the sound makes my blood boil
Pedro now has a pet peeve for people doing karaoke so it's safe to say he was also changed by that exact moment
There was a time a few months ago when i would watch Colbert as my morning news on youtube. I hope that he continues doing news content if ever his show ends
This has almost nothing to do with majority of the video, but you looked nice in the suit!
I usually don't comment on videos that have over 300 comments but fuck it, here I am. I might not have had cable for 18 years but I do miss late night shows. Conan was my jam, I used to go to a friend's house to watch it when I didn't have cable, the TBS era. I've never watched an episode of Kimmel or Corden, but I'm still down for a late night style show at any time of the day.
I watch clips on YouTube. I like it, I’m just tired and we don’t use regular tv anymore
I watch Colbert on YouTube.other than that.. .
Let Hollywood die
"Smells like James!..." Not going to ask how you know. Moving on!
they are bringing back @midnight??? thats insane
9:04 too much
so basically you watch late night shiws...
I cant think of a greater drop-off in quality than the Late Late Show going from Craig Ferguson to James Corden
@6:46 reminds me of one of my favorite SNL sketches called What's That Name, where terrible people are asked basic names of people around them that they should know and they never do
The best thing to happen to late night in a few years was Andy Samberg and John Mulaney filling in for Jimmy Kimmel
a lot of people probably don't know what Redbar is but if Mike & Jules had a show on late night cable TV everyone would watch it & I would be forced to get cable again
I will always have a special place for Jon Stewart and his daily show, Noah is great but still not the same
Desus an Mero long back
You just summarized my thoughts on Late Night exactly, and I'm an old. Even down to the impact that the lockdown had. I watched Colbert Report religiously, then didn't like the new show, but got onboard with Stephen's lockdown videos. But then faded again. Seth kept the feeling relaxed even after lockdown, and that's been a huge factor in watching. But yeah, I'll only ever watch what they post on YouTube, I have no interest in turning on a tv.
When will Eddy get a talk show?
number 3 on trending?
I love Paris Hilton, but that NFT thi g was hard to watch
The rise of podcasts definitely curbed late night
as someone who never used to watch late-night tv, i've become such a massive fan of seth over the past few years. i think his show is the only one that really adapted throughout pandemic and /didn't/ stumble too badly when they brought audiences back in. it's clear that late night is made with a lot of love, from the host to the writers to the producers, and you can really feel that when you watch it. and corrections being this long-running bit that's always going on just a little too long but just long enough for it to be funny is exactly the type of humour that works for me.
How can you create art when you mom has died? That’s an example of great interview question? Yeah guess only celebrities are impacted by death….
Late night alienated half their viewer base in 2016 by calling all republicans racist and the worst people on earth. Ever since they’ve been bleeding money
Just wait till Trump will be reelected. They explode again. It's a like a gold mine.
Late night has been a waste land since Craig Ferguson left.
We also have a million options now
eddy with another BANGER
I think celebrities being active on social media lead to declined interest in talk shows as well. People can just go on IG or TikTok to see their favorite singer or actor in a much more authentic format, maybe even have a chance to interact directly with them. There isn't much of a reason to watch them on a talk show unless it's something like Hot Ones that shows them in a new light.
WE GOT EDDY ON TRENDING, LETS GO
The only thing I watch live is wrestling because that's the best way to watch it without missing stuff.
@mindnight coming back to replace Cordan is a massive upgrade
Great video
Can anyone _PLEASE_ tell me what happened to Conan's HBO show deal. Or whatever Conan is doing (TV or youtube, doesn't matter).  The last news I can find is from last year (2022) just announcing the partnership with no further details. TBS was also supposed to do a spinoff of his 'Without Boarders' show but I can't find any news about that either.
if formats is not ADD enough that's why anything dies
Maybe traditional TV can still get views and be relevant if all of it was DVR. Basically it would be like youtube but with official full TV stuff.  The problem isn't with TV programs, it is a the time constraint. If you don't DVR something yourself then you have to attend when the show is on. And those annoying long ads every ten minutes...  As for the last super show on TV, TV has been diluted from so many platforms and sources. The is the same reason why MJ was the last superstar musician. He wouldn't have been this big today just like why Carson was so popular. Once the internet and phone and streaming hit, no one superstar of anything can be. And this is a great thing, by the way since billions of people now have access to more content than ever and with more options than ever.
The quality of your videos are incredibly high as of late (maybe longer). Keep up the hard work!
shit. does that mean penguinz0 counts as a show host
This video is how I learned that James Corden apparently isn’t gay
As a time traveller I will tell you only one secret. The future of Late Night is You. Young people on YouTube making short comedy skits.
TEAM COCO!!! He's been posting clips on youtube recently hinting at the new travel series he's been talking about at the end of his run @ TBS
Late Night Propaganda
Years ago, I did make sure to tune in to Conan every day. He's worth it <3
The reason late night tv is dying is because millenials are incapable of paying attention for more than 15 seconds, and late night tv needs a working brain to understand the content and an attention span greater than that of a dead slug. Late night TV will die when the last of the boomers packs it in. And so the future goes.
I feel like I've seen this one before
Too banal crap nothingness
Can't do late night better then Sean Evans and hot ones 🫡
Colbert has went way down hill. He just spew the lowest hanging fruit. His jokes are all puns. Jon Stewart was a blessing and a curse....bc he gave us his show and the Colbert report but now everyone just mimicks them. It's dumb bc they all tell similar jokes.
Hasn't been the same since Johnny Carson
I agree with everything, but man... i miss conan. give him a show again, idc about the format
The only one I've enjoyed in a very long time is John Oliver.  He has had many outstanding focus pieces.
you're 26? wow
Seth always makes me laugh - his impression camp has really paid off. I love that he didn’t go back to the suits. He listened to his fans/jackals about that and it says a lot about him. Colbert can make me laugh and John Oliver is great. I miss Conan, Trevor, and Jon Stewart.
I hate Jimmy Fallon from my deepest heart.
I think late night TV suffered the same fate as The Big Bang Theory. Once there was no audience clapping or laughing during quarantine, everyone just cringed.
why do you look so much like jenna marbles husband
i just turned 27, i was raised on the Colbert Report and i watch every episode of Stephen Colbert when it airs. I also pay for HBO so i can watch the full episodes of John Oliver. Only reason i pay for HBO.
Pedro Pascal was on that "Imagine" video more than on the set of season 3 of The Mandalorian.
So James Corden is the reason why drivers in L.A go on a rampage and start police chases...?
Idk what youre talking about. The Adam Friedland show is killing it in the late night talk show world!
You could've mentioned how Jimmy Kimmel is unbelievably obsessed with talking about trump
When did Marc Maron become such an affable guy?
Good they all became lying tools for government/corporate propaganda. They should be arrested for influencing and debasing themselves to the massive Covid human rights violation
Leno had to come back, his Turtle Wax expenses are insane. Also, everyday Eddy looks more and more like Marc Maron. Just... wider.
I miss Craig Ferguson.
Not defending James Corden because he's gross but Letterman would shut down 53rd Street, NY to hava a band spell out Happy Birthday to a woman who happened to work across the street. He would call her at her job often and get her to dump random stuff out the window. One time he sent Regis and once he sent polynesian flame dancers. Letterman was something else.
I think there's a ton of baby boomers who still have cable and still watch the news during the day, and late night shows at night. I usually walk my dog at night while nobody's around (cuz she goes crazy around other dogs), and whenever I happen to glance into someone's front window, they're almost always watching either the news or a late night show.  Even my mom and stepdad still have cable and watch those shows - they just also happen to have Netflix and maybe Disney + (but they mostly only watch some of the hit shows when they come out, as opposed to just scrolling through and watching whatever catches their eye).  They're definitely a dying breed, and I'm not sure who will end up taking over for the current crop of guys (or who would even want to) - unless the shows just stop existing altogether, or if they morph into some sort of online/podcast type thing like what Conan's doing now.  To be somewhat fair to Leno, I think he's a comedian's comedian (all other comedians seem to revere him from back in the day, at least from what I always hear on Dana Carvey and David Spade's Fly on the Wall podcast, and some other podcasts), and I think he's super well-liked except for what he did to Conan.  Also to be somewhat fair to Corden, I disagree that most of these guys would know the names of random cameramen - they might have a few "main" guys who are always there or something, but I doubt they spend much time talking to most of them (whether it's cameramen or any other crew members that are more removed from the writing/performance itself). I think there's wayyyy more crew members than you think, so you're talking about remembering like 50-100 people who you don't interact very much with - not out of malice but just because you're all busy and you've got jobs to do, that largely don't intersect much.  I think Conan's a comedy genius, even moreso than these other guys, so he tends to keep things interesting - he was a writer for the longest time (on SNL and the Simpsons) so he knows how it works, he's a great performer, and he's great at improv/riffing, so he can basically do anything and make it fun.  I think SNL is also falling by the wayside, but I bet it's still going to be on for quite a while just because it's such a behemoth with so much history - and I'd imagine it still commands a decent audience every Saturday (and people then watch the clips on Youtube).
Conan is the 🐐 for sure
Rest in piss it won’t be missed
The last time Jimmy Fallon was funny ,AOC was intelligent .
Lazy Jay Leno misinformation
Suicide.
Ziwe was outstanding and it's still a total bummer that it got cancelled.
Never heard of james corden being banned him being hated ever! or people not wanting to watch his show because of it
This is weird, but your couch looks just like Karolina Zebrowska’s
Carson and Letterman were so far beyond all of these numptys there's no comparison.
Question:what about Gutfled? He is killing it rn. (Pls be polite in your replys, I'm talking about him in the context of late night not political views) thanks!
Jay Leno was my favorite.  Headlines, Iron Jay, The Judgemental Bastard, Jay Walking, Mr. Brain... It just doesn't get any better. He paved the way for future entertainers with a lot of those bits.
Conan is the GOAT
dude why is your audio always out of sync
Conan is the best late night host and human out of all of them
I shouldn’t have heard Cordan make those sounds….. oh God, why?
Sorry but I don’t understand the video this video you seem to be defending the late night show I don’t the cause for that is it out of respect for the shows because you believe it will end soon and  the whole genera or because you really feel responsible to some degree in the downfall of late night show even though the reason for the decline is pretty obvious having to do with lose of interest of public to the traditional model of celebrity let’s make this clear the reason for the spread of celebrity influence in the first place is because the celebrity have been celebrated as the gods or angles or prophets of the modern area people who are beyond the human limit you can see that in how the late night show are all scripted
Any writers in the chat? I support you
19:35 is that genocidist barrack obama
the rihanna interview was inconic
I used to but they have become so leftist I am sick of them.
I did a project on political humours, which made it so I watched a lot of Stephen Colbert. The episodes I had to watch coincided with his quarantine run in 2020 and I really liked him unscripted. He seems very sweet and compasionate, and as well as someone who is genuinely quite funny. Some things make you shine more than others, and I sort of wish he had stuck more with the quarantine format
I know nobody probably reads this, but you don't a day over 50 years old. And more importantly Graham Norton.
I think Last Week Tonight is the best show on TV right now. Different format with better in depth presentation that works both on TV and YouTube, while presenting on something new that’s not beaten to death necessarily the week before. Did you expect an in depth presentation on the dictator of Turkmenistan? Nope. Is it fantastic? Absolutely. I don’t watch any TV, but I will tune into Last Week Tonight or catch it afterwards. The other shows I can pass.
Not only do I not watch late night TV, I no longer watch cable TV in general.  I don't have the patience for commercials anymore.
I'm a middle aged man and I watch very little live TV these days. Mostly catch up and streaming services or YouTube. As I live in the UK the only way I can watch the US late night shows is on YouTube. I prefer Colbert and Meyers
I don’t watch late night shows on television, mostly because I don’t have a cable subscription anymore.  I do watch some of the content, mostly as YouTube clips.   Outside of sporting or major news events, I don’t really think appointment television is a thing anymore.
Just rewatched your other late night videos this is big for me
I think Jimmy Fallon gets wayyyy too much hate. People say he laughs at everything - yeah, well, so do you all of them? It's a way for your guest to feel heard and keep them talking. How is that worse than Ellen, who never laughed at anything and actively made her guests uncomfortable? I think he is a pretty good interviewer and I usually like his game segments.
eddy in his fuckable era
Kimmel here👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 smart  need more of him
going from craig ferguson to james corden is the number 1 biggest downgrade in all of history - not just late show history, not just television history, but history in general
Patriot act was high key the best show of them all
That is a fire as new hat! Perfect size! Could be bigger
streaming services and internet killed those cable packages with 200 channels and zapping late at night for whatever, and you ended up watching late night shows.. lets be honest, those show even when most popular werent very good. except for certain host doing certain things, craig ferguson doing interviews or conan doing remotes.
Good to see Eddy is supportive of Scottish independence.
I HAVE NOT WATCH FOR OVER THAN 10 YEARS AS I CAN RECALL
The fking music you used for the flowers bit 😂😂😂
I’m 30, it’s been several years now since I had cable or even watched actual television. I’ve never missed it since, there’s nothing on tv that I can’t get in a cheaper or more convenient way any more.
I still watch conans first tbs cold open atleast once a year. Pure gold
7:00 eddy: "family" culture is one of the most toxic things on the planet, and if you hear a coworker or employer imply or say that you are a "family", then get the fick out of there. Cult shit.
Only recognize couple  people,  a poke at people with a fork. do not watch these people in years if they dry up and drop off the tree the tree will be a more healthier tree.
Wow you look strikingly similar to cinnamontoastken
is that rapist david letterman?
Remember that the Lord Jesus Christ died on a cross for you because He loves you so much. He then rose up from the dead three days later The Ten Commandments are called the moral law, (most of us are lying thieving blasphemous adulterer at heart and deserve hell) you and I broke the law, Jesus paid the fine. That’s what happened on that cross.  By believing that Jesus died on the cross and rose up from the dead 3 days later and not just confessing your sin, but also repenting of all sin you have done and putting all your trust in Him in prayer, He will grant you everlasting life as a free Gift.
Of course it died, you got 5 turds that couldn't find their way out of a wet paper bag, let alone actually be funny. Conan is the only good late night talk show host. And omg Comedy Central doubled down on the turdfest and got the worst SNL rejects to guest host the Daily Show. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL They went from Trevor 'I wish Trump was still in office so I have material' Noah, to LESILE JONES LMFAO!!!!! And WANDA SYKES!!!! Wowzers, I'm gong to blow up my TV just to make sure I see none of that!!!
Im 25, Stevan Colbert and John Oliver are the only ones I watch. Probably because of the political content  Seth Meyer’s A Closer Look is a runner up
James Corden's cross walk musicals are the most annoying thing about him tbh!!! I do not care about late night at all and I think the restaraunt stuff sucks, but god if he jumped on the hood of my car with no regard for my vehicle and personal space? I'm putting that baby in reverse and inching back and forth  and messing up the scene so he can't step on my car.
Conan is really the only one that ever managed to perform amazingly without writers after Letterman left.  The rest all coast on politics, current events, and dry-safe personalities that the studio hoped would keep them out of controversies, however they failed to understand that a lack of personality and risk-taking just makes foe bad television.
So glad he paused to do the hop scotch squares ❤
ppl only watch Late Night clips when it’s a REALLY famous trending person.
It breaks my spirit every time Eddy mentions that he's only 26.
If your job can be done by a computer program, probably not the best idea to strike and expedite being replaced. If I was a hollywood exec you best believe I'm investing millions into AI development. The writers aren't fronting the bill on the productions and the vast majority of them aren't even good.  For every show that gets a second season, 50 fail on the pilot. And those same writers just get a job on a different production and run it into the ground.  Rinse and repeat.
Late night got too political with Trump derangement syndrome. Statistically speaking, if you alienate 50% of your audience with non stop political content, you're going to suffer. Its just numbers.
Craig Ferguson was a legend 😭😭😭 LOVED that show! If you know, you know..
i haven’t watched TV in years lol
I paused at "26" I'm 38.............I don't know what life is anymore. Your mustache looks older than me. It's long and thick and I can't imagine the top lip you have, let alone the extra napkins you need for bevies and soup. Godspeed "Spiderman"!
Great video on late night hosts, but your endorsement of the writers strike while boiling it down to simple unfair compensation is a little unfair, the terms of the strike include more than just that oversimplification.
For real CHARTER  Spectrum FORCES you to get Spectrum TV cause the Internet bill is CHEAPER with it!?!? The ONE channel I want it doesn't have........so I never used it...................ffs.
Yes Eddy!!!
I feel like all of this is really obvious and a 27-minute video isn't necessary, but I get that gen z doesn't often get things very quickly.
I wondered where the picture of Rat Cordin came from, not enough to actually search it on my phone or course, but thanks.
I also forgive Pedro, it's kinda difficult to say no to the star of the thing you're filming right this second, even if it's quite possible the most cringe thing he's ever done 😅
I'm unsure how I feel about the writer's strike. Over the past several years I have been disappointed with the garbage coming out of Hollywood for movies and TV. We are either getting rebooted trash or social justice messages. Instead of getting a work of art, we are getting a political agenda forced on us. I'm unsure if this is the writers' doing (someone had to write this stuff) or the execs but overall it has led a poor taste with me.
James Corden
Last time I watched cable TV that wasn't the Super Bowl, was that Masked Singer show that came on right afterwards, and it was like watching some weird alternate reality where everyone acts way more excited about something than they should. It's even more annoying when you add political commentary mixed in with an audience designed to convince the viewer that everyone agrees with the points being made.
Linear TV is dead.  People don't want to have their lives dictated by a TV schedule.   You ca watch a lenghty interview with an actor any time.   Wil Wheaton has done lenghty interveiw of late explaining his youthg and how his parents forced him to go into acting, and you would have NEVER seen this on network TV because interviews there exist only for an actor to pitch a new movie or TV program.   Where it gets dicey are news programmes such s Seth Meyers were the program's value is short lived because of the timely nature of the content relatied to events of the day.  (I say "news" because in case of Seth Meyers, he managed to be more factual in spinning news in an entertaining way than many so called cable news networks).   I have no idea what time slot Seth's show is on because I have never watch it, but will religiously watch what is posted on Youtube.   And if the streamed version is only available at or after liear TV schedule, then I wouldn't watch it either. They should just steam it as soon as the show has been edited and ready (which I assume is early evening). I think SNL is the one show where the live nature of show makes it worth it to tune in at a specific time and  because it is an institution.   In the days of Johnny Carson, one needs to remember that TV wasn't necessarily on for 24 hours and it was the show after the local news and it was the ONLY show after local news. Other networks had old movies or reruns until the end of day when transm,itted shut off. Now, there are so many shows of that format that you can't possibly watch them all because every network wants their own. And in the end it dilutes the audience.
God I miss Craig Ferguson so much.
yes.  Dumb opening question.
Fallon deciding to talk about politics is what did him in.  In a world where EVERY SINGLE PERSON on tv feels the need to parrot the same talking points about the orange man and his badness, Fallon just being silly was refreshing and made him stick out.
Conan will forever be the best to ever do it
they're all puppets for the elites anyway who gives a s hit
https://youtu.be/PzBDYCo45oI
Conan was the last of the charismatic guys.  All these other guys were unfunny knuckleheads.  Then those knuckleheads leaned too hard into politics which alienated half of their possible audience
As a 21 year old male. The only live TV I will watch. Is sports. Anything else I will wait just so I don't deal with ads
I was literally listening to a podcast about the birth of the “Late Night” genre this morning and this was spot on! I now have a definitive history of Late Night talkshows, thank you man ❤
Conan was the last great late night host.
26? U look 46
David and Conan was the last for me. Conan was the man. I laughed legit hard way too many times at Conan, David was the man at interviews and when Robin Williams was going to be on it was like A BIG deal.
Im sorry for the 3 fans of the late late show
He like the crosswalk more than Morbius, its says a lot
RIP BIS Left propaganda
Craig ending was the final nail. I was pissed about the Conan situation, but Craig was honestly the last time Late Night was any good
Craigy Ferg and Conan forever
Ironically I just watched another video on late night from Its a Gundam. Corden's show LOST them 20 MILLION a year! 20 MILLION A YEAR! WOW
You're a bad friend and obviously were never a real friend
i really thought you were gonna announce your own late night show at the end of tis video for some reason lol. And like you were gonna stream it on twitch or youtube.
I watch it, but usually only the monologue and then DVR or YouTube the rest.  I miss the Colbert Report.
I notice we didn't touch on Jimmy Kimmel's stint on The Man Show. Where he did blackface, and drunkenly assaulted various women. Maybe you were at your quota with Corden. And Fallon's legendary alcoholism is only a "rumor". And...
Watched Letterman since his show was on the morning after the Today Show. He was the GOAT up until 2-3 years before he left. He gone insanely left wing liberal with his guests and monologue. Kimmel is just a hypocrite and also a liberal. The guy was co-host of the Man Show which was funny. Fallon is a douche. Colbert is a liberal hack and never been funny. Seth Meyers pees sitting down. Conan was entertaining until recently. He gone woke. Late night shows no longer are needed. We have social media.
honestly i didn’t even know that james corden had taken over the late late show from the beloved craig ferguson … i thought he was just a miserable little cockroach sprung forth from the bowels of bell specifically and only to annoy me. so i’m glad to know more and more people have steadily grown to hate him too
why watch a late night show of monologues when you can have either something more entertaining or more interactive on the internet?
do most ppl watch network television
notice the splice
I need to know how to get my hands on more of the sweatpants you released a while ago, the Inès with the flower design. They are so comfortable i cant wear any other pants. I don't care about the design, i just want the same fit.
You don't remember the man show everybody forgets how he use to bash women and now he is a saint BS
Letterman started the audience Q&A trend, Noah being the one to put it on YouTube.
I 100% agree with you that the public is really hard on Jimmy Fallon lol I don't particularly enjoy him but he seems like a nice guy and to follow an act like Conan is nearly impossible
I can't find the ending song "Thank you for making it easy to leave" online anywhere, please provide the source Eddy!
if your reading this comment and didn't watch the last 7 min of the video go back and do it now
At midnight coming back is crazy
If what we've had to endure the last 10 or more years is called writing and "art" then most of the general public will not miss it, it's horrific on all levels....wait I hear another comic book adaption is coming soon with extra cgi action.
Late night TV hasn't been watchable since Craig Ferguson.
Colbert is, in my opinion, the best interviewer on late night - not the funniest - but the best at... interviewing. He's like the Terry Grose of late night. Yeah, he might not be the best at bringing out comedy in his interviews, but his political interviews and any time he gets really personal with a guest always turn out super, super insigthful. I wish he just had a podcast - a la Fresh Air - where he exclusively interviewed people instead of being a late night host.
Graham Norton 5eva
I wanna watch a comedy show not the View. It just seems to be "orange man bad" these days. Conservative equivalents that constantly make fun of Biden's rambling and misspeaking aren't funny either. That's my take at least.
oh shit Cordon left on my birthday! LETS GO
All these people and shows suck, even if they’re on Netflix, nobody will watch them.
Didnt realize anyone actually watched seth
Mike bullard for life
James Corden is insufferable, im glad to see him go. Jimmy Fallon is fake. Seth Meyers is boring. Colbert is ok but kinda boring now aswell, same with Kimmel.
The only late night show I watched with any consistency was Craig Ferguson, I loved literally everything about the show especially the don't give a crap attitude of the show other than that I really don't miss a single show and completely stopped watching once Corden showed up.
Conan was the hero we didn’t appreciate enough.
That was honestly a masterpiece
I think Craig was my favorite Late Late Show Host since he really played the traditional "straight-man with a sense of humor" really well.  It's crazy that of all people to replace him James Cordon would be the one.  And really the biggest deathblow to late night TV IMO is when the whole Conan vs Leno debacle happened, where The Jay Leno (who sucked btw) got Conan's earlier timeslot and screwed him and the network over.
They're rebooting @midnight??? What a random show to bring back...
fuck the writers strike. 🤣 go flip burgers if you hate your job so much
I was hoping you'd talk about what I think it's Fallon's worst quality, which is just his inability to be genuine. He's always overlaughing, every guest is his best friend and friend of the show, and he can't ever let others just have a moment, even during singing competitions he tries to sing backup or sing along with them, like let their star shine.
Boomer here and once I cut the cord that was it for watching live TV. Only thing I miss is catching a random but beloved movie on a cable station. Late nights shows are pretty much a snooze fest. Catching clips here and there are the only way I watch. Thanks for sharing.
James Cordon has trump tiny hands
They all got too political.  Not as much lighthearted just chatting anymore.  Everything has to be a soap box to tell Americans "how to think".  Add on to it that half these guys are not the best of humans....  Ironically for that reason as you pointed out, Jimmy Fallon is the only one that I enjoy, but I never watch the show anyway.  I've never been someone to idolize celebrities and the ones I care about I can see on ista or twitter.  Edit: Also, the number of shorts and normal videos on youtube from all the shows getting shoved in your face really puts a bad taste in my mouth.
Bro, I haven't opened a tv in 15 years
another entertaining, video, insta like
I am so, so for the writers guild association strike! People should be paid for their intellectual property and their contribution to a creative project. To diminish one's individual input is to diminish ANYONES input of labour in ANY field.  I can only hope the writers guild strike will force people to recognise that ANYTHING that we consume is typically the result of some unspoken hero, someone not loudly heralded in what is otherwise a loud, and venerated industry! I hope that this strike has knock on effects in all industries - in the service industries, where people making minimum wage are recognised as important elements in the field, in educational industries, where teachers are seen as imperative instruments in educating our new generation, and those working in delivery industries, where people are seen more as faceless forms of transportation of our most valuable goods.  Most of the people reading this are in the labour market, and we need to stick together. We don't need to disparage people working in the writing world as privileged and unappreciated, we need to understand that we are all part of labour force, that needs to unite, and negotiate for a common good.
For me Conan will always be the goat
I’ve gotta admit, out of all of them, Kimmel and Colbert are my go-to everyday 😭😭
Without late nite TV I wonder how celebs will prove to themselves that they're famous
conan has “simpsons residue” still on him. where he can predict the future of where stuff is going before it happens. he even says a couple of times in his show “this is the future”💯😂
I hope it's the real death of late night tv cuz Kimmel sucks
i'm ashamed to admit that I thought i was subscribed this whole time just to see that I'm not. lol.
Craig Ferguson was my personal favorite
7:50 No!? isn't being a POS behind the scenes the thing that ellen degenerate got canned for?
Im significantly more interested in watching people talk about these shows... than the shows themselves. I'll just never understand why anyone watches these late light style shows, I dont judge... I just dont get it
The Hot Seat will bring late night back.
I'll never get over how badly Conan got robbed
yes support the wga strike! <3
Thank you for covering the strike! My dad is a labor foreman on movie sets and is being affected too. We’re hoping that positive change will come from this.
i’ve only recently put on talk shows for musical acts. tyler, earl, king krule, brockhampton, jasmine sullivan too all on talk shows
All anyone has to do is watch an old episode of the Johnny Carson Show.  That should be enough to demonstrate the difference between classy, timeless, late night TV and disrespectful leftist hijacked crap that has no consideration for half of its viewing audience. The first is about entertainment, the second is about indoctrination. The first had funny comedy and the second became un-funny and lame.  Why would anyone NOT think that the way Kimmel, Colbert and the rest of the cowardly sell outs were fools for doing so? A rhetorical question because I knew it right as it was happening. A lot of us did. Every revolution eats its own and they got swallowed up. The morons got what they deserved.
I use to watch a few of them before all the shows with the exception of Conan got super political
John Oliver has nothing of this one. British, likable, most non-late-night of late night's, extremely popular both on cable and youtube, Emmys every fucking year, king of genre head down
Conan is a god. I never really watched late night TV, but Conan was the one guy who I would always watch if I had the chance
just sharing my own experience with late night: i have always watched it on youtube. im european and i dont think we can even get it here, especially w time difference, so ive only ever seen clips! also just realizing how its been literal years since i watched tv. like at least 4
Conan made the smartest changes to his show career. He got outa dodge when the ship was sinking
https://youtu.be/ufIfEzxASlk  TRANSFORMERS7  NEW TRAILER FANMADE VERSION
Okay I’m a horrible person 😂, totally for the strike but did not expect that turn at the end and for some reason almost made me die laughing.
What about the beloved center-left late night program “The Adam Friedland Show” ?
Not this video being the one where I find out Ziwe got cancelled 😭
‘It’s just not something I do as a young person’ Eddie says whilst looking like a 40 year old lesbian with a moustache
I'd love to hear your opinion on Graham Norton. He's never really bored be and I still watch his show
He should’ve taken the L and just eat to give it comedic timing at least 7:39
I am the only one that don't give a damn? Good riddance!!
Old School Conan will always be my favorite. Fuckin RIP
what do you mean the end of late night tv? the TV can still be on at night time
You trying to tell me James Corden has had a show for the past two years?
If James Corden ever stood on my fucking car I'd start driving
Craig Ferguson was always my favorite growing up. I would always stay up later than I was supposed too to watch. I was absolutely gutted when fucking James Corden came in.
Paris’s ape is a leather daddy.
I cried on tbe last corden walk…😢
Congrats on being number 5 in Trending
You forgot to mention Greg Gutfeld. He just redefined late night TV. You don’t have to like it. Facts. Dude is real. and he is crushing all of those has-beens in the ratings. They’re all fake and plastic. And woke. Get woke go broke.
TV as a whole is going down with Hulu ,Netflix etc. That’s life
he's so fucking handsome wtf
John Oliver is the best of it
in my view podcasts have become the spiritual successor to late-night as a genre
Krusty Gets Kancelled from the 4th Season of the Simpsons is a great tribute to late night TV as a genre
I will always appreciate Kimmel for avoiding politics even if he regrets it, not everything needs to be a discussion on politics.
the end of celebrity culture is starting imo
Conan is the only one worth a damn in this lineup. Everyone else is just boring, uninspired media schilling.
CONAN will always be the GOAT agreed!
that ending was the most tasteful way I've seen someone say "fuckin' rip, ya dingus"
Reported for littering. Shame on you Eddy
As a non-american, I thought I loved the late night format but it turns out I actually just love Conan, he's just funny and all the others do nothing for me, outside of the odd viral clip that will geniunely make me laugh
At Midnight worked because it was so unique in its day. It introduced the world to tons of quality, indie acts and coincided with the launch of their careers. We don’t need that anymore because comedians now start online and don’t rely on networks to boost them the way they did in 2014. It’s such a deeply outdated format too. We’re no longer in a “gee the internet’s pretty wacky, huh?” world and I don’t see how the format could even be updated well.
James Corden as *_"diet_* Jimmy Fallon."  Nice. I think that a large art of the late night problem is how in lockstep all the hosts seem to be when it comes to parroting and boosting Democratic Party talking points.  Always quick to point up Republican or right-wing peccadilloes but never giving left-wing or Democrat fiascoes or lies the same treatment.  They're all so unanimous it's like they all signed the same contract or something.  Now, only about 30% of the country votes Democrat, another 30% or so votes Republican and most of the rest describe themselves as "independent."  So they've been alienating a huge slice of the population for years or decades on end.  Not a great strategy for growth, long term.  Also not a mistake that their classic predecessors made, at least not in nearly the same degree.
it's crazy the scale between Conan and Cordan.... like how can someone be as dislikable as James Corden. he really should have held on to his late show big cause pretty sure everyone at this point knows any movie he is attached to is instantly a dud just for him being there. in the same way Robert Pattinson was for a little while.
Covid destroyed late night TV because it showed that without the laugh tracks, they’re not funny 😅
FUCK I THOUGHT I WOULD NEVER HAVE TO SEE THE JIMMY FALLON BORED APE CLIP AGAIN FUCK I THOUGHT WE HAD MOVED PAST THIS FUUUUCCKKK
Late night is full of political hacks. I actively hate celebrities. And never support a union.
The hat was perfect
That random person who liked my comments may you and your parents live more than 100 years🙏🏻
I used to have the biggest crush on conan obrien
Yo Eddie , ship yikes too Canada please .
Craig Ferguson changed my life
I stopped watching late night TV when Ferguson was gone, I liked The Daily Show with Trevor Noah though
I'll tell you what killed late night TV- Politics.  If they just stayed non-political, they would still be entertaining.  But, Nooooooo.... They have to go and make political statements.  Instantly piss off half your audience.
Part of why you guys stateside ended up with Corden was because he fell of hard over here after Gavin and Stacey ended, he started doing panel stuff and trying too hard to be a certain character. If you watch some of his clips from the Big Fat Quiz stuff he did it's sometimes hard to tell where the overly competitive "character" ends and Corden being a bit of a nob ends. He probably should have stuck to musicals, sure he probably wouldn't be as famous but he'd have a following and maybe not have shown himself to be, quite frankly, a prick.
God, Eddy, you're aging like fine wine and im ready for a sip
Funny that Falon's show took a dip due to not wanting to take on politics when it was the leaning into politics that led me to stop watching late night shows.
The crosswalk stuff makes me okay with advocating for violence
I refuse to believe anyone older than 9 and younger than 75 likes seth meyers.
Conan's "In the year 2000" joke was the funniest long running joke ever. Especially several years after 2000.
I haven't watched a full episode of a late night show since Craig Ferguson left.
Is it cross the walk or walk the cross
Carol Burnett made famous the audience questions
I love James Corden!  ...said no one ever haha 🌈
I stop watching TV over 20 years ago! I live on the internet. I HATED COMMERCIALS. So even on YouTube I don't ever see COMMERCIALS. Love software. You can block everything you don't want to see.
does anyone watch late night tv? no, not on purpose
if i was stuck in a car as a crosswalk musical then i would not have the self restraint just wait it out, especially if they touched my car, these people have the patience of angels for just making angry tiktoks about it tbh
What song is playing at the end? Can't get an answer from google.
I honestly haven't watched a late night show on TV since Craig left. My face used to hurt from laughing so hard at the banter between him & Geoff.  I miss Craig's show but understood why he walked away.
Homie wrote off that suit as a business expense by using it at the end of the video. 😂😂
Colbert Report was THE SHOW back in the day, conan has always been phenomenal. And john oliver kills it. Conans stuff over quarantine was hilarious. I was watching it on youtube every day at one point.
Reggie was the only reason I ever liked The Late Late Show. He should do his own segment show on streaming. He is hilarious.
for that speak or eat question he could have just played it off as privacy concern and be a positive thing but instead  and luckly for us he went dumb dumb and showed he is a piece of garbage
Wait…. James Corden is a comedian???
I am legit angry I never knew about Craig Ferguson's show when it was airing. I would have been a devout fan
I stopped watching them around 2014-2015 and then they got all super lefty and i was glad i stopped i hate that stuff now
i had no idea James Cordon was ending lol
Conan is the GOAT. Kimmel is decent. Fallon laughs at EVERYTHING. Colbert has been better. Seth Myers is good but I just never watch him. Corden peaked with Doctor Who. Eddy Burback's hat is way too big
My friend works at Comcast - yea safe to say I’m never signing up
James Cordon will always be loved in the UK
I'm one of those weirdos that watch late night shows daily and record them on my DVR. One this I have to say is Corden might be unlikable and a dick but post-covid his show dramatically improved and the chat he had with his crew was my favorite parts so putting him on the spot for not knowing his crew probably helped cause he involved them a lot more after that (including the cameramen). I honestly liked The Late Late Show more than The Tonight Show but I prefer Seth, Stephen and Jimmy K. They ain't got shit on John Oliver though! I do miss Conan and Samantha B. :(
I watch online every morning. But who the f still has live tv
people will drive by and think someone died at that intersection.
Conan will never fail to make me laugh. The rest … eh.
Craig Ferguson & Conan 🐐
Any teenagers out there like me that love that night shows?!? (Yeah the older ones were better but i still tune in lol)
Network execs are so out of touch. CBS and ABC are still making laugh track sitcoms that barely get half a million viewers if that, same reality shows, and etc. Only people watching crap like that are old people that are too stubborn to find something better and think working a remote is too complicated.
that was iFunny when he crossed the road
This might be my favourite video of you yet, Eddy. Extremely well made<3
Aside from my comment below about Jay Leno, I read your evaluation of the current status of Late night shows with interest. I was never a follower of them in the past, but yes I nowadays do enjoy the youtube clips. Agree with you on the wonderful Colbert report and its aftermath. I actually like all the hosts today, they are fun and interesting in different ways. But I do prefer them in clips and not by watching the whole show. Life and TV and Video goes onwards into the future!
you should start a late night show yourself
I think for a lot of younger people Colbert definitely does live in that weird middle where like, I like Stephen Colbert but im not a big fan of the late show
As an Old, I’m stoked that Conan O’Brien makes your top.    Pimp Bot and In the Year 2000 always had me laughing myself to sleep
Consistently dropping bangers
holy shit number 3 on trending? way to go eddy
did you do this so you could write off the fancy suit 👀
I stopped watching once they started virtue signaling.
Hey Eddie Burback! You're being unfair to Jay Leno. I did some small research on this.  Jay was at the top of his gain when Conan's people aggressively talked the network to replace him with the younger Conan. This was based on pure agism. So Jay was to be unfairly pushed out before his time by cut throat shenanigans and he did his best to deal with it in his own way.   I don't usually write comments, but  I really don't like unfair attacks. So, Please do check the facts out for yourself instead of reacting to industry gossip. Also, note, Jay has always treated his staff and crew kindly and well.
My 70 y/o mother watches Kimmel every night!
I love to watch a lot of the late night content, but I have to be up at 4am for work, so, for me, they are on too late.
You're 26?
#3 on Trending! Congrats and well deserved.
Yep. TV as we know it is completely changing and late night just isn't the format anymore
this is my 1st video ive watched by eddy and i made it all the way to end and subscribed and now ive commented. Thats gotta be a 1st for me and i hope it was as good for you!
What would I rather fall asleep to late night tv , or a YouTuber passionately explaining his passion for ant keeping the choice is clear
I’m not a follower of this channel, I have seen like a couple of video but MAN that merch is beautiful. I might grab a couple
Yooo Eddy is #3 on trending lets gooooooo
Listen the points against Corden are valid, but as someone who watched his show it’s worth noting that he took that 2016 clip and has since learned everyone’s name. He regularly for the past few years has involved crew - camera men especially - in the monologues. The restaurant owner has unbanned him after James apologized. And the crosswalk bit was created by Ian Karmel (co-head writer) and I don’t feel it’s any different than other productions in other cities blocking traffic. Marvel shuts shit down in my city all the time lol
Average writers guild salary is 99k, with a low end of 85k and a high end of 115k. I think they will be fine.
I don’t like Fallon, Kimmel, corden or anybody else, Conan was great, that’s where it ended. Nobody can tell me that Corden is great or that fallon is remotely funny or authentic.
I could've done without the knowledge that pedro also participated in that thing but it's okay we love you pedro
Wow.. never wanted to punch a mustache off a Burback before, but hearing "seth meyers is probably the best, and the occasional trevor noah" 🤮 🤮 🤮 i know late night shows are terrible now, but dang, trevor noah is absolute trash, and seth meyers does a 20% trump impression the entire show, and it got stale 2 years ago. Really let my opinion of you crash into the ground, Burback, and that sucks, because you're my 3rd favorite "youtuber that uploads twice a year". Well, now probably the 8th
Late night is not dead, just changing. Stephen Colbert will always be the best personality on late night. Trevor is extremely talented and kind and will go on to do great things.
Greg gutfield is pretty funny
I lost it at the hop-scotch. 🤣
7:11 hey we all knew conan's cameraman: Tony Thecameraman
craig ferguson,graham norton and conan are the best talk show host imo
A lot of Jimmy Fallon’s success on The Tonight Show was cultivated during the time he hosted Late Night- all his big bits and sketches started there. Also, I have a very hard time believing people wanted their late night entertainment to be more political. Just, no.
I'm on definitely on the team that only watches late shows on YT, Seth Meyers is the only one I watch regularly with John Oliver coming in 2nd
James Corden is the Ellen of late night
okay to be fair, some servers are absolutely AWFUL about some allergies. especially issues with food stuffs that are seen as 'trendy' to cut out of your diet
how much you know about these night shows is kinda concerning i knew like 2 names
Late night shows are my first gateway to know more about American pop culture. I've always watched them on youtube. To me, most of them started to get less funny since Trump became president, their jokes started to get lazy, and everyday's about Trump.
Fun fact James Corden advocated for less pay to writers
jimmy kimmel has actually been getting better lately. been enjoying him this year!
I'm so glad late night shows are dying
I love Seth Meyers and Stephen Colbert, and watch most of the episodes all the way through on YouTube the next morning.  Maybe it is just a matter of taste, or a generational thing?  I am 40 now, Seth is 49, Stephen is 58.  Eddy is 26.  Maybe late night is more of a Gen X, Xenial thing.
i have a tradition of watching late night shows and full house whenever i’m staying in a hotel room bahaha
You, if someone jumped on my car singing at a crosswalk, I’d start driving. Just a bit, not blow the light, but just enough to get their ass off my car.
Corden is not as bad as people claim
I still love Colbert, Kimmel and Seth's closer look on YouTube, but watching it "live" is basically for prisoners.  Which (in)fortunately got me through 6 years of my life
Late night tv died the second they started peddling government propaganda.
surprising you criticized fallon for being apolitical.. kimmel, meyers and colbert are unwatchable because they are SO political (unless it is your preferred mob)
Hey Eddy, on a similar note to this, what do you think the internet's impact on stand up comedy is / do u think it will last? I know I enjoy going out to a comedy set, but as you said for the opening monologue, for any timely material twitter has covered and made evry variation of a joke 100 times. Would be cool to see if you think the internet is a positive or a negative for stand up
Will probably get lost in the shuffle, but I wanted to tell a quick story about Fallon and Colbert. I was in NYC years ago and went to a Fallon taping and a Colbert taping. In the Fallon taping, he only ever interacted with guests and the Roots and got incredibly exasperated with a cue card holder, like he was seething.   Colbert's show happened to be on the day of a terrible snowstorm, all the guests had to cancel and NYC local guests ended up coming in. Colbert was super appreciative of everyone coming out to the show, he did the pre-taping Q&A. Then watched an animated cold open with us because he thought his writers did such a good job with it and wanted to see our reaction. He was incredibly personable and friendly.
Conan is funny
I see everybody talking about Conan and i agree he's the GOAT but Craig Ferguson is hugely underrated.
The driver of the suv watching Eddy lay flowers down probably sitting there thinking someone died on that spot in a wreck, but really its just a sarcastic goodbye to latenight shows as a concept lol
Duuuuuudeeee thats shaaaade to throw conan up there next to all the hacks.... wheres letterman and shit even like craig ferguson..... ifcyour gonna put up the currents..tale him out..  Thats diirty bro. Otherwise yeah insanely oversue video and yes your old vid was awesome, just complainin bout this thumb!! :D
Writers finaly did what americas never do but desperately need to, and strike, and fate threw them a curveball: "how about we roll out AI world wide at the same time?" It really is kinda sad to see how a once great nation can take so many (sometimes even just pure random) Ls in a row like america.
Network TV in general has lost a lot of viewers. A lot of people have cut the cable and just watch Netflicks, Hulu and YouTube. They found that they can spend a lot less money on these horrible reality shows rather than pay the price of performers and writers for good dramas and sitcoms.
You're only 26 years old?  Good God, man, you look like you are in your 40's.  I don't mean to be mean, it's just startling to learn you are only 26.
in short, the reason i stopped watching is it turned into one sided propaganda.
lets gooooooo!
I'm at the point where I no longer care about the Hollywood elites, or anyone or anything associated with Hollywood. I haven't watched late night television since Craig Ferguson, and I don't even have a television anymore. I have the internet, and that's more than enough to keep me entertained.
My dark secret is that I was a HUGE fan of Fallon when he hosted Late Night (& was even initially excited for him to get Tonight); it felt fresh at the time. And DEF the Roots involvement made it even better. But I care not for him anymore.
"AWAY, SPECTER! They've given you the trending tab, what more could you want?" - TRON, Jon.
ngl when Eddy got the suit I was expecting him to start a late night show from home right on the spot
John Oliver is really nice
I miss the Colbert Report.
Burback is back!
19 minutes
Conan truly is the GOAT. He got to go out on his own terms and now I think the podcast is one of the best things he's ever done! Stoked to see his new HBO show too! (Also, this was a fantastic video, Eddy!)
Damn. The ending is gold
He gets on the hood of my car and I'll get off the car and beat his ass.
good
I think Last Week Tonight with John Oliver also deserves a mention here. It might not be the usual Late Night show, but it's actually went up in popularity while the other shows have started trending downwards
Good riddance!!! It's all just political propaganda anyway. Nothing of value was lost. If anything, we're better off. Conan was the only one worth his salt, and he got stiffed. Go figure.
please somebody tell me where i can find 13:28 Community interview please
same thumbnail as cody ko lmao
You speaking as if Chelsea Handler, that Singh lady, George Lopez or Trevor Noah weren’t part of the crowded late night space.
My friend is an animator on the team for the animations for Stephen Colbert’s show, and she says he is the sweetest guy who buys them snacks and tries to really talk to everyone when he visits. He seems really genuine.
Go woke Go broke
the video ends at the end
I don't care what political side of the isle you are on. One thing we can all collectively agree is the dislike of James Corden.
The James Corden show ended on my birthday. Best present ever.
Having a hard time coming to grips with James Corden not being gay.
i never watched Corden even once, but I simply rejoice in his announcement to leave late night
Well Late night will come to South America and will be popular now.En español.
Im so happy i dont live in LA and at 14:30 dang right we forgive you Pedro
I only watch Conan clips, A closer look and Corrections and one of those is web exclusive.
I can’t believe that Alice Cooper segment (or the fact that no one seems to talk about it). The man was literally writhing on stage and James was just having a laugh.   As someone with a DEBILITATING phobia, if someone tried anything like this, I would be carted off for assault and battery
Yo I've been waiting for this video
that mustache sir... is the mustache of mustaches. dear lord its a gift
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, so if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised
I won’t miss late night tv, but I’ll miss the immaculate drip of that distinct style of suits that they always wear. 👔
This is the direction I think YouTube red should take with their original content, rather than crappy shows produced by inexperienced YouTubers I think they should hire top talent in the talk show industry and make that their niche for paid subscriptions. I pay for YouTube premium just to be able to download videos and watch ad free, I’ve never watched a single YouTube premium original show… Ever.
Just give a night show slot to Rhett and Link
Seth Myers is basically American Hugh Grant in the best way possible
Yeah i only watch clips, never the whole show. Out of all the late night comedians, my favorite is Colbert, and Trevor Noah before he left his show.
I only watch late night through yt and for me Trever Noah and Stephen Colbert have always been the go to. Colbert to me is the late night GOAT, he is witty, charismatic, passionate and authentic. He has the ability to garner both laughter and empathy from viewers like no other host. Colbert deserves the recognition he has and then some.
e
I honestly didnt know corden left and learning this information has made my day atleast 30% better, so thank you Eddy for another banger! :)
Yeah I will say this Conan got screwed by Jay it not his fault that the Tonight show was bad it was Jay.
The late night trilogy is the best trilogy in the history of trilogies
Honestly, I wouldn't have even started watching Conan if not for the whole Jay Leno fiasco even though I wasn't even old enough to realize what a big deal it was at the time. But I feel like it may have actually helped his career. Sure, it went in a different direction but I'm so glad he didn't become a typical late night show host, he's so much more talented than that. He's also genuine in a way that a typical late night show host can't be genuine because of that adversity.
Worse than streaming with a high price. If cable was like $8 a month I would reconsider it. The base package in my area is $50 LMAO. Not on-demand, a third of the programming is ads. I'm good.
I was hoping James Corden would have replaced by the late Paul O'Grady or Frankie Boyle.    Imagine a Late Night Show with Frankie Boyle.    Or Paul O'Grady telling the truth about the wage/price spiral "Wage/Price spiral, it's been goin' on for years!  It's called inflation, prices go up and wages go up to match.  What we got n- WE ARE CURRENTLY SUFFERING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES"  Also, James Corden was always unlikable, we tried to tell you for years.
I still go back and watch Craig Ferguson clips. That show was fantastic.
The Adam Friedland show is the future of late night but in both video and podcast form
Out of all of these, i only like trevor noah and seth meyers. Nothing wrong with late night television but the hosts need to flow your boat youknow? I don't hate late night tv, i might put on a colbert monologue when playing rocket league or cleaning something because it's content i don't need to actively engage in
All of these late night hosts instantly became even more unlikeable mid-2020 when they all capitulated to the mob and started spouting off in praise of George Floyd and all the rioting crap. It instantly showed how brainless they all are. I’m glad late night is dying. They deserve it.
I know absolutely nothing about late night TV, but what I DO know is that eddy burback is extremely handsome throughout this video and looks like a superb and dapper man.
Burback's bi-annual videos never disappoint lmao <3
Im sorry. Is his name not james gorden?
I live in outside USA country and I can tell you that as a kid during the 90's/early 2000's we used to watch David Lettymen and John Leno on TV all the time but now I only watch Jonas Oliver on HBO Max streaming cheap monthly, I am not so much a fan of this interview thing. Hot ones chicken wing show is best.
Late night TV ended when Johnny Carson retired.
I don’t know if it counts, but I watch Last Week Tonight most weeks, so maybe I do watch late night
Solidarity forever!! Thanks for standing with worker’s Eddy!
The thumbnail for this video was left on the TV for a little bit and my mom said "I can't remember his name, but I like that guy in the middle the best." And when I pointed out that that was the creator of the video and someone she had likely never seen before, she said "I like his hair and he has kind eyes." You've got untapped potential in the 60+ female market, Eddy!
Stephen Colbert currently lives in the town I went to college in so I've literally had multiple friends who had run ins with him all the time and literally every single one of them has said the same thing; "He's so nice!". I graduated from w/ a media communications degree and Colbert has actually done so much to help out our department and has worked w/ our college a lot. He's super passionate about tv production & writing and I think that is really reflective within his show.   Same thing w/ Conan. I had a friend in high school whose older brother interned at Conan (he actually was in one of those funny intern segments he used to do, those were actually real interns lol)  and they said he was just genuinely a good guy. Also whilst his comedy isn't my thing, I met Trevor Noahs assistant and she said he's also super caring towards his staff (I really hope Hasan Minhaj takes over).
Apparently NBC forced Leno out the second time
Craig Ferguson was the best
Speaking of The Colbert report.. to this day, nearly twenty years later, I'm still shocked that there were so many people on the far right who idolized him, being to GD stupid to realize it ess satire.. I still find it hilarious.. though also depely disheartening..
CONAN will always be the GOAT
I quit watching late night talk-comedy programming when they began to rely on curse words, attack humor, and political partisanship in lieu of good comedy writing and the guest interaction that occurred on the Johnny Carson Show.
i very rarerily watch : de avondshow met arjen lubach.
The Paris Hilton NFT clip felt physically painful to watch.
Eddy Burback is slowly morphing into Steven Toast.  Yes I can hear you Clem Fandango!
Imagine youre stuck at the Corden crosswalk and have to explain to your boss why you're late
Ya whatever dude, cool hair and stache I guess
We can all agree Meyers is always and will always be the GOAT!
I haven't watched live late night tv since like 2008 lol It was when Craig Ferguson was still on and my husband worked nights. He'd come home for "lunch" and we'd watch his show while we ate then he'd go to work and I'd go to bed lol It was fun. I just watch Trevor Noah (when he was still on) and John Oliver on YouTube. I don't have cable tv either. Haven't for years. It's so much more convenient to watch on my schedule. I don't really care about celebrities so the people I watched and like had more news type stuff and John Oliver is just great in my opinion. I learn a lot from his show.
Honest question: I am not American so I really don't know anything about your guy's talk show scene. Eddy talked about John Oliver for a second. Why is he not talked about more in these discussions? Is he not considered Late night because he's on HBO? He is the only American talk show I watch. I love his show
I honestly liked Fallon the most out of the big three. I never enjoyed the political era of late night and I honestly think it’s what ruined it. Just my opinion but I think you missed the mark on that part of the vid. Loved the rest though ❤
I will say that I'm enjoying the daily show A LOT now with all the different hosts. Somehow I think that's the format to do for them, having a different guest comedian every week
Jon Stewart's Daily show was still my absolute favorite and they're all downhill from there i think.
Very nice of Eddie to make merch out of that one joke from that one NakeyJakey video.
I miss the satire of the report, but I love Colbert's humanity.
Bring back Craig Ferguson!!! 😢
Where is Chelsea Handler? She needs her own show. 💥📺👀
Have i got news for you and QI are the only late night shows i still watch
I think a great segment you forgot to discuss was Seth with Corrections and what a phenomenon that has become. I think as a society we no longer want to see a talking head with a loud audience, we want to see the talking head be smart, and interesting with his pals lol and recognizing who their audience actually is
You waited until 2020 before walking away from network television?! I turned my back on it in the early 2000s, as soon as they started releasing entire seasons on DVD. My biggest issue was commercial breaks. I have short-term memory loss, and whenever ads started, I would forget what I was watching and start channel surfing; then, hours later, I would remember that I was enjoying a show and get pissed at myself! How mad was I when YouTube started ads? Well, not too bad because when I do end up stopping a video during an ad, I can go back into my History and start it again!
Yooo bring the podcast back
Late night died when every single one of them became radical leftist mouth pieces.
Nobody watches that garbage anymore
I think late night is kinda dead, the only way I can see it coming back is if it’s a total overhaul where you will not recognise it anymore. Like I can only see it working as a kind of scheduled livestream, with completely different hosts and content. So like I said kinda not even late night anymore
maybe this is a geographic thing, but an exception is definitely the graham norton show in the UK. it's funny, really engaging and i know loads of people who tune in every week. although that's a slight caveat from the late night format in the US, which is its own institution
Best of the best last week tonight
The biggest shame about Corden ending his tenure is that he might fucking come back to England. WE DON'T WANT HIM BACK!
love to see the burback hat making a slight comeback in the add
Late Night was different in the past because you didn’t have the ability to just youtube celebrity interviews. In recent times it feels like a lot of Bipartisan political talking points with superficial celebrity interviews.
i like to think pedro was asked and had too much anxiety to say no
Eddy lookin hot in the tucked in Yikes T-shirt 🔥🔥
wait jimmy kimmel and jimmy fallon are two different people?
One of the major issues for me. They all very similar. They dress the same, they have similar jokes even their studios are very similar
The last one I watched on a regular basis was late night with Craig Ferguson and I would catch Conan O'Brien when I could and then when he wants a TPS lost cable so I wasn't able to catch him that much on TBS it have to catch him online but that was it after Conan left NBC I didn't have cable and
Every single moment from James Corden you brought up totally unlocked those memories because I really really didn't want to remember him at all unless I could help it
I’ve always found the graham Norton show to be the ideal version of a late night talk show: conversational, quick, and effective. Graham is just the conduit for the stuff we actually want to see, which is fun celebrity interaction
“Turn on the TV” is where ya lost me
As a new viewer it's really cool to see the parallels in your videos. Really enjoyed these ones!
Rest in peep James Borden, you'll forever be missed 😢😢😢
I was surprised to hear someone calling James Corden diet anything.
I think good writers should be compensated fairly, if not richly, but that’s not what they’re asking for.  This strike’s demands for guaranteed hours on projects is about there being too many writers and not enough jobs.  Sure strike, it’s a right.  But the answer is a culling of the industry to right size.  This video is mostly about television dying, it has been progressively replaced by other mediums.  Of course the people working in that industry are going to be affected by that
Gonna need u to get on that @midnight video eddy
I'm 28, and have not had a TV that even gets reception since 2014. Just don't have a good spot to run the cable, and I use my TV exclusively for streaming and video games anyway, but I haven't felt like I've missed anything. The most I ever watched late night TV was Colbert during two different lockdowns. But like you said, most of what the shows offer can be found in other places, so there's just not much reason for me to watch these shows. Most of the hosts seem like nice, intelligent people (Colbert talking about grief is a great example) but it's just not something I'd watch long-term.
Just because it's an institution. Doesn't mean it needs to stick around.
You know what, let them live on on Youtube. Corrections is great.
Yes to everything you said but if Stewart and Colbert still had The daily show/Colbert Report at the quality they had during their entire run today I would still watch them every day religiously. I like Noah, but I've never clicked with him the same. I still dream of the alternate universe in which Jessica Williams said yes to becoming permanent host and I still secretly wish she comes back. With the guest hosts this year I think if Hasan or Roy Wood Jr. got the gig I would go back to watching every day. Their weeks were stellar. Still no replacement for The Colbert Report or Ferguson though, they were my favorite shows on late night by a very long mile.
Because they're puppets
Late night quarantine edition was so damn PAINFUL LOL I still have nightmares from it! 😂
lol ,  so much copium here... Late Night TV is dying/dead because people got sick of the blatant propaganda being pushed in these shows so they stopped paying attention or tuning in.
11 minutes in and I just realized this wasn't a brothers video.
Since Eddy didn't credit the song, it's "Easy to Leave" by Roots and Recognition (feat. Jennifer Holm).
Guttfeld beats all them but, but his techphobic viewers are just waiting to die
my fav late night host is Rupert Pupkin
as someone who struggles to remember names of people😢
I know one of the writers for Stephen Colbert. Hilarious dude
With Conan gone, we all know the best late night host is John Oliver  Just like Conan, he's insane, hilarious, and in a league of his own
You don’t think the divisive politics of the “new” hosts may have factored into the equation? I know I used to watch all of their YouTube clips until 2017 when I realised they were all the same
I have no interest in watching celebrity interviews and wish these shows would focus on the comedy. I don’t understand why they all have an identical format of interviewing celebrities. Mostly I find celebrities and their lives boring.
#3 in trending holy shit Eddy
As a Gen Z, Craig Ferguson is the only late night show host I have ever watched a full episode of. The others get skipped on TikTok.
I don't care for James Corden at all, but that whole 2022 thing seemed like the Balthazar restaurant owner going into business for himself. using the fact that James was already disliked to put himself over and draw attention to his restaurant.
Good to hear. 👏🏻👏🏼👏🏿Late night hosts and their writers are a bunch of woke and weak libtards who do nothing but hate America. Hope they all go away and go broke. 🙏🙏🏼🙏🏿
seth meyers is my favourite, too. i watch all the videos he uploads, they've really become such a part of a comforting routine in my day. i miss him and the writers right now, i hope everything goes well with the strikes and to see them back soon.
Tall skeleton also has an excellent in depth video on late nights down fall but focuses on a different angle than eddy so i think its still worth a watch 👍
I believe that Conan is one of the most naturally funny people in entertainment, I could rewatch his remotes and bits continuously and never get tired of it. Plus he’s a genuinely good guy who paid his writers from his own pocket during the 2007 writer’s strike, and took all of his staff with him to TBS after being screwed over by Leno. Conan knows his style of comedy and has stuck with it for 30 years, he’s unapologetically himself and it’s really admirable for the viewers. He’ll forever be the peak late night talk show host
If left means fired, sure, Noah left.
Oh... https://youtu.be/OHaEjl4c7cg
Eddy is only 26!! WHAT!!! How 'stache so goooood
It’s all down to James corden.
26 year old and young shouldn't be in the same sentence
24:26 No one cares.
You beat latenight by getting 3 on trending above the latenight host Eddie
I feel like if I was watching one of eddys videos in front of him he’d ask me when the video finished “did did ya like it..” with the excitement of a dog seeing bacon
James Corden, John Oliver, Trevor Noah, and a few others, all foreigners on American television.  Are there any Americans who have talk shows in other countries like England, Canada, Australia?
https://youtu.be/h1cffj-s4WQ
ZIWE GOT CANCELLED?!? 😢😢
That ending was the perfect ending
Exactly! I haven't owned a TV since the Obama administration, and I realized during covid that there were so many people out there like me. I honestly don't know how network television has survived. Not to mention something as specific as late night TV.  Also, solidarity with the unions ✊️
It's weird to think that Eddy dressing in a full suit to drop off "in memoriam" flowers is the least insane thing to happen at that crosswalk.
Make Brittany Broski a late night host
Wait, you're 26😮
Jaywalk at Cordon St
ur a terrible friend but you are midly funny so its okay.
Car at the end is probably "Wtf did I just see here on this day?"
As a British person I really did not expect a shot from Gavin & Stacey to be included in this lmao
23:19 I feel so bad for my brain thinking this way but, I can't see this actor in the middle without going "Oh shoot! It's the Google guy!"  Don't even know the poor guy's name, he's just forever 'the Google guy' in my head 😅
Let's not forget when Corden also crashed an industry meeting to put his case forward to pay his writers less than WGM minimums.
I'll take it a step further, does anyone actually watch TV anymore period? I haven't had cable in 4 years
For some reason, I keep thinking that Eddy is Canadian despite him living basically in my city.
God, I miss Craig Ferguson
Here at 699,684 views.
As a non-american i never got the feeling of how liked Conan was, i really thought I was kind of weird for liking his humour so much. Glad to see it's not the case.
Craig Ferguson was a goddamn treasure. Like ong.
One thing I can't stand is the constant political pandering and every single one of these late night shows does it.
You think you're a "young person"? HAH!
https://www.youtube.com/@4smahiralwaysok83
Forgot about the "Number one show in late night" Desus & Mero but yeah agreed.
Apart from Conan, I’m so glad to see that woke late night tv is dying
I'm sorry to say, but if James Corden stood on my car I would have INSTANTLY hit the gas crushing the pedal to the floor and watching him fly over my windscreen
I've watched a few of these late night post mortem video essays, and I'm surprised by how often Trevor Noah appears as just a footnote, despite it being acknowledged he's proven he can adapt the late night format, and the improvements he's made. kinda disappointing tbh given he's been one of the only poc in the mix at this point. Amber Ruffin has a pretty great show too by the way.
I just miss Desus & Mero honestly...
Conan, Trevor and John Oliver are the only hosts I could bear to watch. Fallon is too fake, and the others just don't have anything that pulls me in. Conan is probably the funniest person in the business, a legitimately great comedy writer himself and enjoyable to watch mostly because of his creepy awkward ginger persona, and both John Oliver and Trevor add some intelligence to their shows.   The others all just kinda.. do react content, but on TV?
It's impressive that while conan is the oldest guy there, he had the best understanding of the current landscape and where things are going
21:20 What show is this?
watch tv? ahahahaha. nah thanks, ima just watch something better in every way.
Conan is the only one i care about
I definitely don't watch these on cable, but I definitely watch the political joke segments and monologues from Seth Meyers, Stephen Colbert, Kimmel and John Oliver as my nightly ritual. And I definitely stand with the wga!
I ditched live tv years ago as well. Conan was the only late night show I've ever watched regularly in the standard way. I was never a huge fan of Seth Myers on SNL, but his quarantine shows is what finally changed my mind on him and I wish I had come around sooner. I watch a ton of his stuff that makes it on Youtube. I love that Seth features his writers so much and the surprise inspection segments are fantastic.
Actually TWO were british. My man John Oliver was born in Birmingham
I stopped watching late night when Conan's show ended.
This video is not good, very mediocre and almost exactly like your old one. There are no insights, no interesting conclusions, you don't go into the reasons why late night is dying but just describe the various shows. Mid.
my favourite nigh late talk show hosts in order of best to worst, in my opinion:   Jimmy Fallon  Seth Meyers Stephen Colbert  John Oliver  Graham Norton Trevor Noah  Conan O'brien    Jimmy Kimmel  James Corden
mean tweets are legendary 😂
[looks at the currents state of TV shows and films being absolute garbage/agenda driven]   Naaaah, let them die off
Craig Ferguson will always be my favorite late night host. He saw the impending death of late night, and structured the whole show as a parody of the dated, repetitive late show format. He would tear up the cue cards, he did the monologue with a rabbit hand puppet, and his sidekicks were two interns in a horse costume and a gay robot skeleton. Once Letterman retired, late night was officially dead to Craig, so he retired too. And then James Corden took over. Ironic, isn’t it?
I like to believe when Eddy dreams. He dreams of being a Vietnamese boy, who steadily grew from the age of 10 until 18. And that Vietnamese boy is me.
Late stage late night
BRO WHAT JAMES TOOK OVER THE SHOW ON MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY? WHAT THE HELL
Very interesting and insightful. I was a fan of Conan but didn't follow him to tbs and I was a fan of Craigy Ferg but never once watched James. I do enjoy Seth but not so much the interviews, every so often a good guest. Colbert is good but a bit repetitive. I think it's weird that Kimmel came from the man show and now is on ABC. I liked Carson for a bit but it seemed like he gave up the studio format. I also enjoy your content, Eddie. Good work 👍
The camera men question moment genuinely upset me
Nobody else will say it so I will. Late night hosts are politically too far left , too fucking woke and too self righteous to even begin to be funny. They're -personal agenda is just not funny.
Conan is the only one of them that isn't a tool for celebrity-worshipping and propaganda.
Conan saw it coming years ago, so he tried to adjust to the YouTube format until the quarantine happened and he saw the perfect opportunity to start fresh. A comedic genius and a once-in-a-lifetime entertainment master, but makes you wonder what that brain could have done if he was in another industry altogether.
never likes corden. if he were a replacement for leno, id probably be more likely to like him. Craig Ferguson and his show were a big part of my childhood, watching it with my mom. then corden came around and changed everything. the comedy completely switched. i think i speak for all of us when i say WE MISS CRAIG
The best thing about Jimmy Kimmel is that he chose Lou Wilson as his announcer.
We don't have all that much late night TV in the uk outside of comedy game shows and the last leg
i miss patriot act </3
4:51 racism funny
They are all a bunch of cornballs
I stopped watching tv 20 years ago. When I moved out of my parents house and lived on my own, I just have a internet subscription since then.
I like to pretend Eddie stands in my room at night and stares at me silently before bed
That crosswalk bit was way too long
As a brit i have NEVER understood why ANYONE likes James Cordon, he is just awful!
Banger!
i also choose to forget pedro was in the imagine video
I'd like to see a video on how Jimmy Kimmell somehow has a family friendly image despite creating the man show and did a notorious segment where on the street asked women to sleep with him not family friendly at all 😮😅😂
Late Night TV = sockpuppets regurtitating propaganda with a laughing tape playing
what a waste of flowers
with my dying attention span you are seemingly the only youtuber who i can be invested in enough with to finish a video 😅
You know Craig Ferguson was Scottish right ?
loved Desus and Mero and watched it everyday even David letterman said they were the future of late night. Shame they broke up.
conan is the love of my life i’m convinced of it
Great video with very measured takes. Reminded me to watch more Conan too
fuck those shows
Jimmy Kimmel's ability to transition from The Man Show and not have anyone bring it up...ever...is wild
i want to see eddy have America's last late night show and become a guest on Conan's podcast
Conan is the best
Basically they all s_ _k. They have no talent. All they do is give us the political opinions. I miss J .C
i hate Jimmy Fallon with a passion
I haven't even owned a TV in... 15 years? Granted I'm not American, but still. There was just nothing worth watching, I'd only ever put it on as background noise. If I actually wanted to watch something, I'd do it online. And even if I did have access to US Late Night TV, I can't imagine myself bothering--even though I adore Trevor Noah and still catch the occasional monologue from Stephen Colbert here, to actually pay for cable and watch the entire show? With the nightmare that are US ads interrupting every 5 minutes? No way in hell. Good on Trevor for peacing out, I miss the way he could serve news without me losing my sanity, but he can do better, hope he follows in Conan's footsteps.
i would literally commit a minor felony to see Eddy host a talk show
The hat is great, keep it
Colbert's greatest moments are the real ones. I remember when Trump won. He comforted a very scared and angry populous. You could hear a pin drop in that studio. His show during covid was great. I feel people are harsh on Colbert. But he's honestly my favorite, Meyer's is a close second cause they seem so genuine. They just seem like great people.
As an English person I find it utterly unfathomable how James Cordon ever became so big in America.
I only watch the news streaming online, youtube, and twitch for "news" lol
the hopscotch was a nice touch 🥲
I love that in the UK, everyone loves James Corden for Gavin and Stacy, but hate him for everything else
.... .. no survivors
The future is twitch and these other platforms coming up. Kai Cenat has had some of the biggest new celebs on his show and gotten big numbers out of it. Viewers can interact with the host and each other. Really important change that really blew up in Covid. And Hasan is really funny and political. This is entertainment for the youth, especially late at night.
i enjoyed jimmy falon when he first took over night show! That and the roots being his band, as philly native i love it. But i will say seth myer closer look; is my favorite!! hands down!!!!
as a writer, I totally think that people who write for major networks don't get the recognition they deserve, let alone a decent pay
Wow. Huh. I think Jimmy Kimmel's monologue is objectively the funniest AND the most vicious to Trump, and in general.
Graham Norton show is a pretty good late night show even if it's British/Irish. To be fair I haven't watched in a while but I will occasionaly watch clips on TikTok that make me laugh. I think out of all of them I enjoyed Seth Meyers and John Oliver the most but I haven't watched them in years.
I really thought this man was about to tell me this video was sponsored by Old Navy
We watch certain segments of Colbert, but I think that's largely due to nostalgia. And Conan had some good segments, like when he visited other countries. But for the most part the monologues are just politics stand up and you can find better commentary on channels/programs that are less afraid of losing their Toyota sponsorship or whatever.
The audio is slightly off from the video when you speak… it bothered me all video. So close.. but too far.
Good job on trending
You have earned your spot on the Best of YouTube Entertainment playlist!
COMMUNITY LIVESTREAM AAAA *explodes*
Personally, Fallon is my least favorite
These talk shows are crap... Click...
Dude you have too many fucking ads, your vid is too hard to watch holy shit
Conan and Craig Ferguson 💙  miss those guys. Ps Reggie Watts on the Corden show also 💙
Interesting based on this video and the comments section most of you still don’t get it. Why has late night comedy failed so badly in recent years? Half the country votes one way and the other half  the opposite. The second most of these liberal comedians started getting too opinionated about their political beliefs and became social justice warriors and stopped focusing on comedy was the day they lost half their base. Kimmel even admitted it recently on a podcast. I’m not trying to start a debate on politics I’m just stating the truth about why they lost so much viewership and almost none of this was mentioned in this video. The problem with doing politics in comedy is you have to make fun of both sides. When Joe Biden fell three times going up stairs or his almost daily gaffes get almost no attention from these hosts it really shows it’s not about comedy but about their political leanings. You also literally showed a bunch of sappy moments with Stephen Colbert and his guests and make it out like they were good moments but then are confused why people don’t watch late night anymore? For those very reasons. Also you say your 26 which gives you almost no perspective on what late night tv was to what it’s become. Jay Leno, David Letterman, Conan on NBC went off the air when you were like 15. For someone who is older and watched a lot of late night 2 to 3 decades ago it’s fairly obvious to people like myself why it’s failed.
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥 & No copyright music song 😊😊
23:04 Sorry Eddy. Your fly was down.
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥 & No copyright music song 😊😊
I’m sorry but jimmy fallon deserves all the hate he gets lmao dude is not funny AT ALL jajajaja
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥 & No copyright music song 😊😊
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥 & No copyright music song 😊😊
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥 & No copyright music song 😊😊
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥
Adding a timer to your sponsorships are my favorite thing and hope to see it more. .
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥
adding on to your point about colbert and his emotional intelligence, he also does come across as the one with the most life experience of this whole batch of late night show hosts and i feel like that gives him plenty to pull from when he’s on the same wavelength as his interviewees. heck, i’m not even just referring to the tragic stuff-  all the other late night hosts have talked about the birth of their new kids or raising their young ones during their tenure, meanwhile colbert’s kids were already in college/ the workforce when he started this gig iirc.
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥
💥💥💥 I am youtuber💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥mera status video channel hai💥💥💥 💥💥💥Mera challenge se aapka help ho sakta hai💥💥💥💥 💥💥💥💥 Nice song status with nice sharya video 💥💥💥💥
James Corden is also SUPER rude to all the cast members at disneyland whenever he comes. He's developed a reputation for it at the parks.
i think conan was the last good latenight host i genuinely still watch his youtube videos still to this day even tho I have watched them so many times. idk I think he was meant to be a host but ya since him we haven't had a good host
Seth Meyers is one of the only late night hosts who's clips ill watch on YouTube. His writers are great, his segments are funny, and the dynamics he has with his team is really personable and entertaining. On the other hand, Colbert is just SUCH an orange man bad gen x lib that i can barely handle it 😂 but also thank you for expressing just how neutral and eh kimmel is to me
Something about Jimmy Fallon's inability to handle political topics sticks out to me. In college for history class I watched a documentary called "Dick Cavett's Vietnam" and it compiled clips from talk shows in the 60s and 70s where celebrities and the host Mr. Cavett were not afraid to debate politics live. Folks like Muhammad Ali went on the air to voice their opposition to the US intervention and they were not cut off or stopped for it. Between then and now something happened that changed the way talk shows work, and its that advertisers, aka people who funds the shows, are too afraid to rock the boat at all because if it means they lose even a cent of profits if they dare to take any stance at all they won't do it. This means that shows like Jimmy Fallon have zero edge, they are as safe as milk and that just isn't entertaining nor is it important. Talk shows are dying not just because they aren't funny anymore, but because they are completely detached from the rest of reality in terms of topics.  Nobody wanted to see Jimmy Fallon doing a floss competition and pretend there weren't riots in the streets.
Ok but u walked where bts was omg
loved the video but the corden corner joke wasn’t that good haha love from colombia
Damn, eddy 9 pins. Yo content be fire, lately 🔥
love u eddy this vid was gas 💯💯💯
Jimmy Fallon Album. Look it up
I was 24 when Johnny Carson retired in 1992.  He'd been a staple of middle school and high school for  me (and late Friday nights as a younger kid when I was granted the permission to stay up and watch him; the show was 90 minutes long until about 1979!)...this video is an absolutely excellent take on why late night TV is dying.  If you're still not convinced, go watch Johnny Carson TV and you'll see what I've missed so much for 31 years now.  Carson may not have been a perfect human, but he was the GOAT of  Late Night.  David Letterman was a good #2, at least until he became more political and seemingly bitter post-circa 2010.  Carson's show was focused on the guests (and occasionally the audience and even the staff); most of the late night hosts since then have been very self-oriented.  There is also a great 1979 interview that Mike Wallace did with Carson; it's in two parts on YouTube.  Carson's insights as to his own success, his role as a late-night host. and at times his obvious insecurity about the job he was doing are eye-opening.
I think one thing that makes it so clear that Seth Meyers and his team understand the shift in culture is the Corrections segment - which exists only on youtube and is also designed to drive engagement specifically TO the youtube videos throughout the week. He's also made several jokes on the show about how he knows most people watch A Closer Look online the next day and not the monologue by pointing out a callback he knows the online audience will miss. Corrections feels like the glimpse of where this could go. It's also extremely weird, not in a canned way but in a frequently over the top bizarre way that sometimes feels fresher than Oliver's weird bits (which are still wonderful).   The rotating cast daily show I think is also a fun idea - I've watched more daily show clips since Trevor left than I have in a long time, just to see each different hosts dynamic. They'd be smart to keep it going.  And honestly? talking about the credit due the writers? The daily show writers have been unbelievable since Trevor left in having to adapt week after week to a completely different host's personality, background and style. They deserve so much credit for that.
Howard Stern is the man
Eddy, you look so handsome ❤
I do not miss those leftist propaganda bastards: Ask The Gods.
I'm going to be entirely honest I thought Jimmy falon and James corden were the same person
You left out the most popular late night show on TV currently... Gutfeld has the highest ratings of any of the late night shows by a huge margin
I feel like something he didn’t bring up was just how trump broke it. Jokes about him became stale and hackey quick
Honestly I’m really impressed by how much eddy’s videos have evolved and improved, it feels like he’s gone from just another commentary channel ( not that they were bad, just less unique and creative) to a real juggernaut in quality YouTube content, both here and on Burback. The videos he (and tony) are making and superb and I always look forward to an upload and frequently rewatch my favourites. Keep it up. Also he has the strongest moustache on YouTube.
Man, I was watching Craig's and Conan's Writers' Strike (08) shows last week and fell into a stoned thought loop that was almost exactly this video. You had such good but distinct escapist shows on at 12.35 in 08. Shows that were made for that timeslot.  Recently, we had two clones of the 11.35 shows that didn't really provide escape. My main reason for bowing out of late night shows around 17 was the constant political humor about very unfunny stuff. Do people really want to hear about the country falling apart that late? Of course no one watches live anymore. 12.35 was made for insomniacs, stoners, geeky teens, and other weirdos up that late. Someone should've been taking advantage of that.   That said, at least Colbert and Meyers have a real interest in and capacity for political humor, so I can respect their shows even if I can't watch anymore.   If the networks were a bit smart:   11.35 Meyers on NBC against Colbert on CBS.  12.35 @midnight on CBS against (at least once a week) a prestige-level drama or comedy on NBC that could take advantage of the timeslot and give the network something noteworthy. I really feel like that could pop for them. Really, they should have a whole late night schedule, but that would be too risky to do all at once.   Kimmel can keep shilling for Disney on ABC, I guess.  The format truly is dead, though.  I hope Colbert doesn't make @midnight all politics. That thought sent me into a really bad high. 😅
Oh no Eggie, Ebby my man, oh no, who’s gonna tell him that is not at all how you pronounce the name Hasan Minhaj
Now all we need is for Reality TV to die and for people to stop subscribing to political extremes  Then humanity will ascend
Jimmy Kimmel is such a c**t for that Corden question, i love him sometimes 🤣🤣🤣
tbh the last time i watched late night was Craig Ferguson
I've just always thought that all of late night is just shit tv.
Felt that fucking ballon thing in my molars
Conan is the GOAT
The last late night shows I watched regularly were Conan, Ferguson, and Leno. None of these other guys (or their shows) are anywhere near as funny.
STRIKE STRIKE STRIKE! I've been following the strike! so many industries are currently either on strike, have been on strike this past year, OR are currently trying to unionize so they can strike (with the companies responding with union busting campaigns). Starbucks is doing wild/terrible shit to bust unions. tbh im convinced the gross olive oil drink release was to cover up the ceo testifying in front of congress on his union busting.
But relatively late night shows seem cheap to produce making them profitable. They aren't supposed to be that interesting and I think originally they wanted people to fall asleep watching it to improve that channels ratings. Celebrities still come to promote their work. I think it will continue being a thing
Im personally a fan of Seth and John Oliver, but I do watch them on YouTube and not on TV. I still want them to continue, but I do understand if they have to change things up.
I lost all respect for Colbert when he tried to silence Jon Stewart  The man who gave him a career
Eddy Burback hasnt been the same since he left making Ifunny videos
oh man a new eddy burback video god is good today
Dude it's not the Colbert rapport it's the Colbert report
No one nowadays can compete with Craig Ferguson and Conan, very happy that James Corden will no longer be on late night.
This ending was so special to me
Conan o Brien is my favorite host/comedian/ and human!
im simple i see a eddy desk video, i like it
Father
That NFT stuff is an immediate red flag for any celebrity involved with them
this was a great video, eddy!
I don’t watch late night but I love your late night content. Your videos are so good man
I think my favorite celebrity interviews are from Graham Norton because he has several on at once and usually manages to get fun group banter going and his staff seem to do a lot of research and get him more obscure things to ask about. It’s too bad his move to BBC One toned down what he could get away with on BBC Three though
another banger
Big fan of the yikes merch. Still wearing one of the original yikes shirts and people compliment it even when they have no idea what it’s referencing.
im ashamed to say i still have a very old jimmy fallon mug with his face on it
Late Night is still trying to grasp an audience from a time when people could only make their marks on Hollywood, Whilst living (and completely aware that they are) in an era where celebrities come from the outback homes of small town folks who would NEVER get a shot from the spotlight due to their non-competitive nature, anxious bias, or country of origin. You could now find stars from a professional video editor from New York to a drunk depressed streamer from Estonia. Stars existing from a decentralized system is what Hollywood and Late Night failed to adjust themselves to from the transitional decade of the 2010's, and so they're basically trying to catch up from a bus that went past them whilst trying to save their pride and status.  Conan, the only comedian that got swept under the rug during the transition period, was the ONLY late night comedian that found absolute stability with his Late Night gig before ending it. Leno's abuse towards Conan gave him a dignified path to a better work life than any of the late night hosts. He truly is happy from the clips I've seen of him online, and I am very proud that he was able to surpass a dickings from prime time TV life and entered a better career online.
I'm going to start with the fact that Gordon is undoubtedly and unabashedly the worst. With that out of the way I would like to discuss how much I absolutely do not like Jimmy Fallon. I get that he's kind of a likeable guy, but he's kind of a likeable guy in the way that vanilla is a likeable ice cream flavor. Pretty good, but not that exciting. I'll have a scoop here or there, especially if it's paired with something more interesting like an apple pie or really good cookies for an ice cream sandwich, but for the most part I like to buy literally any other flavor ( accept whatever flavor James Corden represents in this analogy... Ranch dressing ice cream maybe? Or just straight-up Frozen Vomit? And this is just the very tip of the iceberg of his offenses. I cannot even tell you how much I hate the way he cannot do anything without giggling. I'm surprised he was even able to make it through filming a whole movie... it did suck, especially because it revolved somewhat around the Red Sox, but it was also just very met. I really just don't find him likeable and then he goes and he disrespects the scene like that because he cannot commit. Every single sketchy was in on SNL, he broke. When people tell me that that's why they like him it makes me so Furious because it's one thing to break in extreme circumstances , but delivery is such an important part of sketch comedy and especially very important in suspending disbelief. How am I supposed to enjoy a scene when Jimmy Fallon is just giggling like a little school girl in the corner like "ooh, isn't this so funny!? Teehee!". Sometimes comedy has to read as drama to be funny. But I'll just find him so devoid of any flavor whatsoever. He only does the most milquetoast kind of stuff and keeps everything so surface-level that it's like looking at a mask that is acknowledging that it's a mask. I don't know, maybe it's just because that whole personality type really doesn't vibe well with me– being the kind of person who will just go along with whatever the group does or thinks or whatever I just really hate fake people. And did you see him halfheartedly speak in support of his writers? It was truly painful. Those people are what make him palatable to other humans.
As a 26yo i dont even own a tv... i just have subscription services on my phone and if i want to watch something on a tv i will just go to my mums house. Like thats how much i dont want tv anymore. I think the era of TV is pretty much dead
I stopped watching after Craig Ferguson left, only because Craig the only legit funny one left.
your videos are FIRE lately, eddy. you are killing it.
I didn't even know these were all different late night shows
The phrase "@midnight" unearthed a series of long buried memories, thanks for that
John Oliver is a very sincere, funny, and entertaining guy to watch. I don't have cable, but I sit through his youtube uploads of the show and it is a really good format. He covers topical issues, but usually at a time where it feels like he didnt just push out content to be relevant. I actually saw him live and he talked about how he prefers to do shows about topical issues as their dying out to keep interest in the subject for a little more time. Late night shows were never a part of my life except for the jimmy fallon ride at universal, but i really hope john oliver maintains his relevancy. Hes doing online exclusive episodes too, hope it goes well for him
so glad to see this #2 on trending. nice!
I haven't watch late night regularly since Craig Ferguson was the host of the Late Late show
I loved Craig Ferguson, so good
Don't get a cable subscription, get an antenna! You could have watched every late night show except for the daily show and Conan (both basic cable shows) live in beautiful HD for free.
so glad you brought up the writer's strike!! seeing so many late night hosts supporting their writers while this is going on has been fantastic to see. the WGA is fighting for so many important things, including fair compensation for it's writers but also things like putting guidelines in place with AI writing to ensure it won't replace jobs
https://youtube.com/shorts/L3yZ8I5Frxw?feature=share
another great video!! your point about the imagine video being a turning point blew my mind, i never thought of it like that before
I’m glad you singled out and forgave Pedro for that Imagine BS because you’re right he’s a good man and was just helping the IDF plant.
ngl i was kinda hoping you would throw the bouquet at the building like a pitcher throwing a fastball
Video should’ve been titled the death of James conan
I would say that the rise of political commentary has ruined late night. I don't want to get political commentary, I get enough of that in daytime shows and news. I just want to have a good laugh or learn more about my favorite celebrities. I just can't help but see how hard these late night hosts are trying to push agendas. Honesty, the quick puns or "jokes" are not even that funny.
But didn't james corden get like a 40 million dollar offer and he chose to reject it?
No one watches basic tv anymore. Next video..
That hopscotch sent me into orbit
I'm an American living Japan for 21 years and feel blessed that everything is on youtube. Totally agree with what he says about the talk show hosts. Really love Seth the most. My second go to is is Kimmel and then Fallon. Really don't find Colbert funny much. Only watch when he has a good interview. But you didn't say anything about John Oliver or Graham Norton. Both have a different format, Oliver is on only one night a week and Norton keeps all his guests together and watch them interact which has been amazing. I wonder why the US doesn't try that.
Conan is really down to earth guy in my opinion, the clip where he went to Haiti and got confronted by Lady, who really angry she thought he just come to Haiti to make fun of it, he listen to her and explain what he actually intentions is, and they actually understanding each other even hugging. Great clip
Come on now get real there's nothing diet about Corden!
Ok but i hope John Oliver’s ‘Last Week Tonight’ keeps thriving
Hot Takes with Dax Flame was not mentioned once.
Eddy is the new face of the comedy commentary scene imo. Ethan fell to the wayside long ago.
yes we do watch them all the way through.
Fuck he’s so hot
Really good video eddy, I appreciate your thoughts. I’ve just never understood why comedians are so obsessed with Conan O’Brien.
impulsively ordered the merch
My mom looooooovss late night tv. She’s 61
Wait, why is no one talking about John Oliver? He’s great. I’m not sure if it’s because his show is on HBO? No idea if it’s on cable too 😂
Bro I’m a Late Night TV super fan. I actually do catch all of them as much as I can, but most of it is YouTube clips the next day. I’m all in man!
It's an actual shame that Patriot Act got cancelled, it was so well produced and well written and interesting to watch.
I worked for a CBS affiliate and watched Colbert and Corden every night for almost 2 years (also during the pandemic) and I love Colbert’s show the most! I also cried and loved when he was on Anderson Cooper’s podcast
John Oliver seems to be the only timeless late night guy. And I like tevor Noah whenever I see clips but I don't watch him.
Do you have a icloud lock device  I can buy
Here to give some love to Seth Meyers. My favorite host on tv right now by a mile and he’s only getting better with each show. A Closer Look and Corrections are two very different segments but they have been fixtures of my life for years now, and his rapport with his crew and the guests is great. Especially exciting whenever his SNL buddies are on. I also appreciate you mentioning Stephen Colbert’s emotional resonance with his guests. Some of his interviews really go beyond the late night conversation and hit me in the feels.
Here in the UK if you want to watch live TV then you need a TV license (for Americans it’s basically just like buying cable but way cheaper). I’ve never paid it in my life. I watch YouTube or Netflix. I personally think TV is going to end up like the radio. Sure, there’s still radio shows and some good ones but who primarily listens to the radio anymore?
Conan and Craig Ferguson are the 21st century GOATS. Fallon is a safe and very inauthentic middle-ground, Corden was more genuine and ultimately a bit cooler than Fallon - I appreciate their devotion to spectacle. Kimmel is what I wish Fallon was. Colbert is admirable (for example, one early episode the crowd started booing the guest and he stood up for the guest and calmed them down masterfully) but the Trump/republican bashing is such lazy, low hanging fruit - and we're saturated with it already as it is, so they really don't need to, especially since they don't have the time to add any depth or nuance or anything new to the conversation. It dumbs down what I think he was hoping would be a very classy & compassionate affair. But I loved watching him during lockdown - unhinged Colbert was fascinating. It was like seeing Ned Flanders explode in Hurricane Neddy but every week.
If you live in new york or la you can currently support the writers strike!!! You do not need to be a union member to help the people that make tv happen, get a fair wage!!
Burback is the Kimmel of commentary youtubers
I don’t anyone cares about the strike. I couldn’t care less about Hollywood. I think those people should find a new career. TV is dead.
The thumbnail made me read the title as, "The Death of DATE Night TV". Because it looks like Eddy is a contestant on The Bachelorette.
I don't want cable. I've never wanted cable. I don't even want more than a couple streaming services at once
i really appreciate and agree with what you said about Colbert. i think he is a very intelligent and kind person and i love listening to the more raw/unscripted things he has to say, just like the video you included of his discussing with Anderson Cooper. i think out of all the late night hosts he gives me the best vibes (like he’s the nicest guy) other than trevor noah who i really like too (also very intelligent, and super funny guy)
19:42 Oh my God. Yes that’s exactly what happened
If anyone could pull off a good modern Late Night, it would be Eddy
Lol nothing of value was lost, bunch of talking heads parroting the current accepted topics, politics and panic passed down by the corporate execs and government. Bunch of trash that's been reeking the airwaves for too long.
What's the song at the end?
Calling James Corden the “diet” version of *anything* is so hilariously ironic
You’ve done it again Eddy ❤ 🔥
I would say it was because of the obvious political bias. And the cringey way of pushing the juice on us. 💉💉💉
John Oliver is goated
"hugely gifted comedian, but a tiny cretin of a man" is fucking BRUTAL
I don’t like James corden personally but I have seen the BTS crosswalk musical, and I must say the only part that didn’t feel horrendously embarrassing on BTS’s behalf was when they started shit talking James in Korean, it was likely scripted but it’s very entertaining to me  I like Jimmy Fallon! He definitely isn’t someone I’d go out of my way to watch for him but he tends to make his guests feel comfortable and he’s entertaining! The only times I tune in is for guests I like, like when jimin and suga were there recently :3  I understand why he doesn’t want to touch politics as it can be hard especially live, but it is also hard when people want to know where people want to stand because people having differing view points to yourself can put you off supporting them
okay guys so Eddy keeps his keys and his wallet in his left side pocket. good luck...
#2 in trending right now. WTG Eddy!
You know it’s all fake right
The weed gummy bit from Seth made me laugh so much harder than it should have.
The tldr is that john Oliver is immortal
It's funny this didnt as many views, not because of the quality but because no one gives a shit about late night tv. Hence the point of the video
Started watching your content today and honestly, top notch
Blimey me eggs are overcooked lmao
john oliver actually is pretty good, i watch it actually
It's Boomer TV.
Late night tv is political ideology under the guise of comedy. Stopped watching any of it once Jimmy Kimmel started doing " political commentary "
i thought no person under 30 watched late night shows. And i was right.
John Oliver doesn’t count
I was actually glad that Fallon stayed away from politics. I got so tired of every late show making fun of Trump. I'm not pro Trump but it was so over done and got annoying. Also a reason why I got tired of SNL.
nice mustache bro, real soup catcher
I love u
The drama surrounding Late Night is honestly more interesting than Late Night itself
A huge piece of the death of late night shows in my own experience I’d just how political theyve become. Have whatever political views you want, but politics are comedy poison in my opinion.
wait ziwe was canceled what the fuck
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HOW I FOUND OUT ZIWE’S SHOWWAS CANCELED
Ferguson and Conan are the (sometimes unsung) GOATs, no question
I do agree with you about Stephen Colbert that even though his humor isn't always for me or his jokes don't land they way his characters jokes did, he is a genuinely good guy that knows how to connect on a personal level with anyone on his show and I really admire him for that and would really love to meet him someday
Eddy has just been absolutely crushing all of his recent uploads! This content is so well made and such a joy to watch! Screw Meg 2 this is #1 in our hearts!!
Good.
I feel like James Corden being Bri*ish makes the group less diverse than Craig being Scottish.
Between two ferns should be the next big late night show.
I say this an introverted outcast   Both Jimmies suck, that fat British guy sucks,   Conan was garbage even when he was on NBC,   , and celebrity interviews suck.
@5:03 what a weird point to make - don’t be a liberal cuck.
Eddy, I think you’d make a great late night host ❤️.
My old cats favorite show was conan. I don’t know if it was his voice or his hair, but whenever he was on she’d just stare at the tv. I miss her, and I miss him on tv.
Out of the current bunch, Colbert is the most entertaining hands down, he does the best bits and is easily the best at interviewing guests. He is a natural born showman, his timing and delivery is pretty much perfect and he can even sing and dance. Also the "Bob Odenkirk playing Stephen Colbert playing Bob Odenkirk" bit is one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
The only late show I've ever watched for more than 1 night was Craig Fergusons Late Late show in like 2006 - 2012. Almost every night I would watch it and it was always the best shit and probably what influenced how I made jokes irreparably forever.
#2 Trending.. Congrats!!👏💜🎉 great video. I was just thinking about how i used to ALWAYS watch late night live every single night. Times changed, sadly.
God Colbert is so insufferable
Eddy you should've taken Corden's spot
This truly marks the end of an era 😭
10,000,000/10 such a great video ❤
Conan the GOAT, Seth Meyers is underrated, and Colbert Report was dope AF! No lies detected in this video.
Another banger from Eddy Burback
"Name two camera men in this room" is an Snl bit
Didn’t even put Craig Ferguson in the thumbnail
one interesting bit that seth has been doing is corrections. it’s seems like they are almost the opposite of designed to go viral, they are filled with inside jokes and plot lines that carry throughout weeks on end, and aren’t titled in a way that would really draw in viewers. and yet, they are incredibly popular. he is just funny, intelligent, understands the relationship he has built with his audience, has very good chemistry with his crew, and genuinely looks like he is having a blast.
What's behind the mystery door?
I'm confused as to how you ended your video with a skit on a crosswalk that didn't disrupt traffic. You're truly one of a kind, Eddy <3
I'm dressed up in a suit, nice steak dinner with wine. The only way to enjoy a new Eddy video.
New couch, or did a certain someone spill a little bit of his favorite blue Gatorade?
Imo none of them can match the Dick Cavett Show though. Some of the best interviews ever on tv. He also interviewed some absolute legends, from John Lennon, to Jimi Hendrix, Muhammad Ali, Orson Wells, and so many others. And they aren't fluff either. You can tell that he really puts thought into every interview, and the conversations feel real in a way that other interviews I've seen just don't. For anyone who hasn't seen it, look it up on youtube, because it's genuinely a phenomenal show
eddy you look fucking gorgeous in that tucked green tee
I genuinely used to watch Craig Ferguson as  young stoner in my teens, and then eventually settled into Conan O'brien... except I'd watch Conan mostly during the day? Almost as if he was an offshoot by this point. This was also at least 8years ago now. Once James Corden hit the scene, I all but exited completely from late night tv viewing. I neglected to mention that Letterman and Jay Leno were also shows I'd peruse in their heyday...but in the age of podcasts and cosntant access to celebs via social media and the internet in general...the late night format is long dead.
Didn’t you make this video already
the first 'E' in Seth's surname trips me up every fucking time
you know this makes me sad. I always quite liked late shows. Especially Conan
Conan is the GOAT. But Suq Maddiq will always be the funniest shit.
I absolutely forgot that Pedro was in the video. My brain simply never recorded this piece of information. In fact, what were we talking about?
I got to see Colbert live twice: once in the Report days, and during a test run before he started his run on the Late Show. He actually always took audience questions, just off camera, and he came off as very kind. When I saw the Late Show he took the time to thank individual members of the crew and asked us to applaud them. I got to ask him about Dungeons and Dragons. When I saw the Report, he messed up during a segment and improvised a bit to get the audience back in the mood to laugh at the same jokes again.   I feel similarly to Eddie about his show, it isn't my favorite, but I have a very positive view of Colbert.
I live in the US and found The Graham Norton show to be freaking awesome and now I watch that like as much as I can
The painful inhale I took when that stupid “imagine” video came on.
as Rogan points out, interview segments on these shows are outdated and silly. 5 minutes of stupid scripted questions, fake laughing,  movie plug, cut to commercial. Much more personal connection to public figures through podcasts and social media. A lot more personal and real. Not Fallon fake laughing for 3 minutes
Maybe the writers are making less because nobody is tuning into their shitty shows.
Thank god! Nothing to miss. Good riddance.
Thank you for supporting the strike! ✊🫶
Yes, for Gutfeld but not for the leftist progressives, their idiots, he has the highest ratings and you don't even mention him? You are a shill.
Conan is awesome but the rest of them I wouldnt shed a tear for if they left. Cordon was insufferable. Kimmel can take a long walk off a short pier. Maybe he'll open his squnity eyes for once as hes falling into the ocean.
All of these hosts have been exposed as the talentless hacks that they are, after their writers went on strike and they had to cancel all the late night shows.  They cant come up with a single segment each week?  Not to mention their at home covid performance cringe.
Myers really had to squeeze out that "fair compensation" lol
No mention of Samantha?
I cannot express how excited I am to see the new Yikes merch😭❤️
#2 on trending my man
26:24 had be absolutely howling that was so funny
I'm so happy you mentioned the writer's strike! It's something me and all my fellow film students are keeping tabs on, and something that's affecting a lot of my professors and other people I know., Thanks for spreading the word!
ZIWE WAS CANCELED????
So, if Corden's show is dead, is it now the late Late Late Show?
You’re starting to look like Marc maron but slightly content with life.
Did not know ziwe got canceled FML!!
A well need send off 🤌
Babe wake up new Edward just dropped
Hey Eddy Burback, Why can't you even sync your audio to your video?
6:44 i would play it off like "i wouldn't say their names for privacy"
dead without writers (even with script they're not funny)  so shite  i rather watch youtuber they make their own script
Tour de force!
Great video. I wish you mentioned Tom Green's early adoption of the internet and modernizing the format - a true pioneer to the industry!
Had no idea @midnight was coming back! I'll definitely tune in to that
There all too political
Problem with Colbert and most of the political late night shows is that Trump drowned them in material, and it stopped being fun pointing out the hypocrisy and started getting increasingly more panicked and bleak. They shifted from calling attention to BS to sounding the air raid alarm every single day. It was just exhausting and sad, not funny, and it visibly broke Colbert.
EDDY TO THE MOON
No jon Stewart? Interesting. I always liked how honest he was, and he kept people honest. As well as being willing to put his money where his mouth is and genuinely fight for what he believed in.
You're TWENTY SIX?!? You've got some real grumpy-old-man energy. I thought you were closer to me in age. 😂  Also, I'm weirdly excited for @Midnight. That show had some banger eps.
Dude! #2 on trending rn! Congrats!
26 thought you were 46 😂😂😂
I tried to watch Jimmy Fallon Tonight Show.  It wasn't any good for me.  Not my type of humor.  Plus you never mention anything about Jimmy Fallon's notorious drinking problem.  Jimmy Fallon's drinking problem is so legendary, they say every bar on the west village has a Jimmy Fallon story.  You threw shade at a few hosts here but not Jimmy Fallon.  Why?
Damn no love for Desus & Mero!
Good of you to mention the writer's strike!
Conan is the best!
There isn't even a lick of talent on late night TV now. Just  play the national anthem and shut down a 11:30 PM. THESE GUYS ARE USELESS AND NOT FUNNY AND I AM SURE WAY WAY WAY OVER PAID !
The daily show literally posts videos of their episodes to youtube BEFORE the episode even airs…thats a bold strategy, Cotton, lets see if it pays off for em
This was so good. You're super talented man, thanks for all your content. You are appreciated!
I love you eddy burbussy
Jimmy Falon was good...till he wasn't.
I never knew about Colberts father and brothers dying in a plane crash… :( on Comedians in cars getting coffee, Colbert mentions that In The Aeroplane Over the Sea by Neutral Milk Hotel is his favorite song and it makes even more sense now ❤
I love Seth Meyers and he's so good at catering to his internet audience niche
I miss Conan 🥲🥲🥲
Yeah, I've definitely also stopped watching live actual television. And heck, even my 60 year old + dad is watching a lot of content on YouTube now (not just late night but a lot of stuff) instead of normal television.  I also agree that Colbert was more fun when he was doing it from his house/office. I still do watch today, but I've always watched on YouTube.
late night died when conan left the air
I have never watched late might shows. Ever. I saw one episode of (something?!?!?!) Back in 2011ish at like 2am and i remember enjoying it and then i never bothered again. I got burnt out on talk shows from i think naruto abridged and also christian talk shows on the radio
I hope the strike lasts forever! I am so sick of Kimmel and ranting about trump. We get it you have Trump Derangement Syndrome. It’s been non stop for almost ten years! Get over it already!!
Colbert is my favorite even if I don't watch him regularly. He seems like one of the genuine out of the rest. Him and Trevor anyway :o
Conan O'Brien is awesome.  He always made me laugh.  Especially when he schooled Jennifer Garner on Webster's Dictionary of the word "snuck".  Classic!  But my all time favorite was Jay Leno.  He had a great show.  Seth Meyers is also great.  But another legend you forgot to mention for some reason is Arsenio Hall.  The Arsenio Hall Show was THE BIGGEST show for the first half of the 90's.  Arsenio Hall was #1, Jay Leno #2, and David Letterman #3.  But you're right.  I only watch YouTube clips of their shows now.  I haven't watched any TV channels since 2007.  I just got tired of all those long and really long commercials.  I remember a time when a commercial breaks were limited to two x 2 minutes and 2 seconds.  3  commercial breaks on an hour long show.  Now...  They're literally 5 minutes long for each commercial break.  I don't miss cable tv or local tv one bit.  Commercials have ruined TV forever.  I will admit the only time I watch tv is during the NFL season to watch my favorite team.  But that's it.  Just NFL.  No basketball, hockey, baseball, etc.  Just football.  2007 is when I really got into YouTube.  It was just so much better without commercials.  Just like streaming replaced DVD's & Blu-Ray's because before streaming, you pop in a disc and HAD to sit through 4 to 6 previews before you could watch the damn movie.  Thank God for streaming services.
Eddy, you're so fucking cool. Big ups for shouting out the WGA strike. Suit looks dope on you
great vid ED!
Yo Ebby hitting the hopscotch griddy
Real talk, James cordon killed late night
It’s also waaaaayyyy to political!! I think Eddy slightly mentioned this at one point, but dude… this has got to be a big influence
Incredible video Eddie.  Well informed, personal, respectful, admiration and critical analysis, and jokes  Fantastic job man, thank you
If this means Seth Meyers gets taken off television, im fine with it
saw seth meyers tape live a few weeks ago and got to talk to him in between when they were filming. super genuine and funny guy and it made me appreciate late night in a whole new level. it’s SUCH a fun thing to go to for tickets being free.  edit: fantastic conclusion to this video as well, wga strong!!
The disrespect leaving out Desus and Mero aka The Bodega Boys aka Young Chipotle and The Human Durag Flap!
conan messing with jordan and doing skits with his assistant sona were always my fave lol
this was beautiful
Id take the night off work to watch Conan again
I haven't watched broadcast or cable TV in almost 20 years so thanks for the history lesson
Conan supremacy
I have a slow 2.1L engine but my favorite thing to do is gun it as soon as the light turns green. Sorry bud but if you're dancing in the crosswalk and the light turns green, you'll become a crosswalk pancake. I'll then sue your estate for any damages to my vehicle. You become a danger to my life and safety by slowing my travel. I theoretically could have a stroke in a couple minutes and had I been allowed to travel I would have been closer to assistance.
Can we appreciate the absolute glow-up of Eddy tho? The flashbacks don't even look like the same fella.   He went from "guy" to "hot guy wearing groucho glasses."
I think the fact you watched Late Night *at all* is a sign that the age is getting to you, Eddy Burback!
It's so sad that Ziwe's show got cancelled, it was one of the funniest interview shows I've ever watched.
Eddy's teenage years: Conan on tbs.  My teenage years: Conan on Late Night.  Damn im old Side note: Conan was always good, but  never m@sterbating bear good after late night
YOU. HERE. NOW.
I first saw James on doctor who and didn't know he was a comedian or host. Am I the only one?
Man Eddie… How do you do it? How in the heck do you continue to deliver such great work. I’ve been bored all day and thought hey let’s see what Eddie has going on. Thank you man thank you.
Why does he pronounce "Report" like "Rapport"?
I will say, I found Colbert very funny, but I stopped watching him years ago because I could. Not. Stand. Jean's schtick as hypeman. If I had to hear one more nasally warbled, "COOOOOOOLD BLOOOOOODED," while Colbert was trying to deliver a punchline, I was going to light my computer on fire. So I just stopped watching.
should have been a content warning for that fallon NFT clip- it hurts
Oh my god, how am I 2 years older than this 43y/o father of 3??
My parents are because they don't use technology and have cable TV.
The frame of reference for "little guy" being Hollywood writers is endlessly amusing. I'm not entirely unsympathetic but for zoomers like Eddie from middle class suburbia to breathlessly claim that a group of people whose median salaries are in the *six figure* range are "little guys" is absolutely hilarious, just because their skewed perspectives put people making that much money at the bottom of society when they are comfortably in the top 10%.
Dude I'd be looking up if a biker died on that intersection with the flowers there.
Trevor Noah is easily the worst and least funny of all of them with Kimmel being 2nd
Burback is on a crazy streak of w vids
I used to watch Jimmy Fallon back in 2013 - 2015 but then he just felt and seemed very inauthentic to me especially with his laugh. I watched Jimmy Kimmel for a bit but then learned he just is extremely egotistical and purposely attempts to trigger his guess by asking too personal questions, like the one time he mentioned RDJ’s daughter and Robert was visually pissed. Conan I can say with certainty was the best and my favorite and yes I’m biased
We do forgive you, Pedro 😊
THIS IS HOW I LEARN ZIWE GOT CANCELLED?!? NOOOOOOOO
Wow that Jimmy Fallon and Paris Hilton bit was so hard to watch I almost forgot what I was watching and closed this video entirely lol
This is pretty terrible tbh, very little abt this is true.
The only reason we “catch late night clips online” is because YouTube FORCES them down our throats.
By all accounts Jimmy Fallon is a genuinely nice guy, and I think that might be true, but while I think Jimmy Fallon is a nice guy, I also know he's pure evil.
Craig Ferguson was my personal favorite, his run as the host of the late late show was hilarious and when he introduced Geoff Peterson it took the show to the next level.
I hate neoliberal late night talk show hosts as much as the next guy, but I will say, Stephen Colbert does make me laugh sometimes and I occasionally watch his monologues
I think Conan evolved passed the late night formula. He’s the freaking best, I love him.
I do, however, miss the simplicity of choosing a channel and limited options of tv as well as the structure weekly episodes u can’t pause gave - I don’t want it all to become like youtube
Yes. Yes we do.
I wonder if anyone's ever just laid on the horn when Cames Jorden was in the crosswalk lol
i haven’t had my tv connected to the commercial antenna since 2012 and i think i’d die now if i was expected to sit through a full ad break
Not to get completely off-topic, but... how tf do you look eXaCtLy like Harvey from Stardew Valley? 👀 be still my heart 💕
I group Gutfeld and the daily show into late night TV as well.  I think Gutfeld is best until the daily show finally hires Hasan Minhaj
Stephen Colbert is the markiplier of late night. I don’t know why but he just is.
Craig Ferguson was the only late show host I actually watched and thought was funny
This was a really great video. Thanks for bringing up the writers strike. I hope people take it seriously.
The ending 😭 lmao
I mostly watch Seth on Youtube, his bits are always funny, from Jokes Seth Can't Tell to Ya Burnt to the newer Surprise Inspection to the very rare Popsicle Schick. Plus the Youtube only Corrections, it's just fun to watch.
I watched Conan and Letterman maybe from 2000-ish to Conan's departure from The Tonight Show, it was a big part of my life but after the Conan catastrophe I really didn't care any more. Quarantine late night brought me back to the form. I had checked out Colbert and Seth before Covid but they didn't convince me at all. I thought both of them really broke through to a new level during quarantine and started watching religiously again (yes, on Youtube!). I have been really disappointed that Colbert seems to have completely gone back to his old vanilla style, but Seth has me 100% hooked and I'm really happy to have a late night monologue to watch every night again. So to me, we're essentially in a new golden age! I wish Hasan Minhaj wasn't cancelled and I love Ziwe too. Everything else is trash though and I barely watch the celebrity interviews.
What was that song at the end
Came for the explanantion of why Colbert wasn't on the thumbnail. 😛 Stayed for the great breakdown.
Ziwe getting cancelled is an absolute travesty
I feel like Gutfeld on Fox News should get a shoutout. Not because his show is good (it's far from good) but it's become #1 in the ratings and therefore has given the dude a massive ego, calling himself The King of Late Night. It barely feels like a talk show out of the monologue, the rest of it is basically just a Fox News panel show with "humor". He also is notoriously the only late night show still on air right now, as his writers are non-union... which explains a lot.
@26:15 lol the hopscotch
It never hit me that James Corden took over for Craig Ferguson, but wow I don't think I've seen a bigger downgrade in my life
he isn't network so he technically doesn't count, but i feel like there's something to be said about john oliver maintaining a steady/growing audience through all this. idk what it is specifically about his format but it's definitely built to last
Eddys mustache multiplies with every video
Love the ending!! I’m glad you mentioned the strike
oh so your the guy who put flowers on the sidewalk i was  wondering who did that
The writers are making 23% less than 15 years ago? That’s outrageous! No wonder they’re striking. I support the strike. Every worker in the world deserves to make a decent living on one job. ✊
I feel you missed other positives of Colbert.  His love of Tolkien work is so funny. watching him nerd out is amusing as hell.   He did a lot of charity promotion and matched funds during many major crisis.   His relationship with John Baptise was fantasic. They had great chemistry and he often had John and his wife over for holidays. John is on break because he's spending time with his wife who has terminal illness.  His interviews tend to be better than most LNTS. Where they make joke after joke or its ONLY about the movie/show. Colbert makes it more like 2 buddies chatting about life or a random subject. Then onto the promotional bs the guest was there for.
COOOOOONAN OOOOOOOBRIENN
I was waiting for this video :)
Seth Meyers is the only Late Night personality that can hold his own regardless of context. He's proven it. It's the only late night show that doesn't FEEL like an old school tv show.
The only show I watch on cable is Battlebots, but that’s on Discovery Plus anyways.
It died when Craig Ferguson and Conan O'Brien left
Hold on, I watched that clip of Stephen Colbert, wasn’t it part of a joke how sad it is?
Long live the Sea Captain!
maybe if it was at day time it would fix it
I want patriot act or something like it back so so much
This video is just another dedication to Conan O'Brien, and I love it!
Conan is the only late night host I actually like
Ohmygosh i didnt realize i share my birthday with displate i think that means i own the company now or something idk ill text em
I miss Jon Stewart on the Daily Show. It was a golden age.
hasn't he made this exact video twice already?
Bro is 2nd on trending congrats!
I sometimes watch Colbert's monolgues and most of Seth Meyer's segments, especially Corrections, but I usually skip guests. Also I listen to Conan's podcast pretty often
When I was paying for cable (which was a waste of money tbh) all I really watched was the amazing world of gumball and the Conan Obrien show, everything else was youtube. I love and miss conan, I could never get into other late night shows. Also shout out to the writers !
Decoder ring nice!
I figured most people go on free “illegal” streaming sites or just torrented stuff… I don’t know a single person who pays for cable or tv. Maybe Netflix at most but then the rest is torrents and streaming free
Eddy you’re hot. There I said it
Damn making fun of someone’s sensory needs and phobias and exposing them in a non therapeutic way, how original
Legit question: Doesn't John Oliver count as a late-night host? Why not include him?
Eddy: “I think late night TV is dead”  Everybody else: “They’re still making late night TV?”
24:19 eddy is so handsome ooh la la
No one will ever top Craig Ferguson
Spot on. We were big fans of TDS w/Jon Stewart & The Colbert Report. Afterward, nothing really captured me until the quarantine shows - particularly Fallon & Trevor. But as soon as things went back to the status quo I was done.  The only thing that interests me is the news satire but besides being just a fraction of the show, it's been almost exclusively about Trump and Fox since 2016. I still follow Jon Oliver & the Problem w/Jon Stewart, but late night is desperately overdue for some diversity to inject life back into the medium.  Also, thank you for supporting the Writers and promoting the Strike.
Weird that a 70's Porn star is talking about modern tv.
When I was younger, I used to watch it a lot, I really enjoyed a good late-night night cap at the ripe old age of 8, as a 20 yr old now, I don’t watch them anymore but I feel like commentary yters (such as yourself) as filled that gap ya know and finally, I don’t watch TV that much, I hate cable and don’t use it at ALL and refuse to buy it but my son really likes PBS kids shows so that’s all the live tv I watch and even sometimes I put elmo on YouTube and at the end of the night he gets his late night show (not-too-late w/ Elmo)
I really LOVE Seth Meyer’s, especially his “Corrections”!!! ^u^
Trump saved Myers and Colbert's show.
I'll watch when conan comes back on
Seth Meyers and Conan are the only two left with actual integrity. the Last writers' strike proved that the Daily Show, Colbert, and Conan were the only late night shows that had intetgrity without the writers union
I cannot stress enough just how fresh Eddie looks in a suit.
You forgot when Corden (allegedly) ingored his crying baby during an entire plane ride.
I'd agree with that, I enjoy Seth Meyers Closer look but i just watch it online.
I will forever remember the most cringe episode of Stephen Colbert when he interviewed Casey Affleck. Oh my goodness it was so bad. He started with a comment on what Casey was wearing on his show and it just went downhill from there. But out of all the bunch, Stephen and Trevor are my favorites.
I’m 43 and I haven’t owned a TV since I was 29. In 2009, for god’s sake. I can’t believe late-night TV made it this long.
I was one of those Craig fans; I watched him every night, or recorded him on my dvr, which is such an old thing to say now. But he was the best host! So funny and had real conversations with his guests.
not sure if this is an unpopular opinion, but i’m super excited for @midnight to return. it would be great to see up and coming comedians have a platform on tv. absolutely love the video and new merch, eddy!!
ZIWE GOT CANCELLED? Omg I missed that. I loved her show so much!
Jimmy Fallon's showmanship ability gets *significantly* more impressive when you find out that he's been absolutely plastered for 20 years straight
after mediocre Jay left, all further late nite suffered being stillborn by angry libitard gay mixed race parents
Jimmy Fallon is annoying. But he did do something freaking awesome. I’m a huge doors fan… and he did a color of that reading rainbow song and made it sound like THE Doors performed it and it was live and they dressed up and the stage was awwwaome and everything
john wilson vibes, love it!
Thank you so much for bringing more attention to the writers strike! They need to be paid fairly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seth Myers has the hilarious corrections.
As someone from the UK who really loves Gavin and Stacy it's so odd to see one of the main actors and co-writer of that show be such and arsehole and make such a fool of himself. The was so much potential in Corden but greed and narcissism got in the way.
oh thank god that guy on the bus was watching this video and wasn't actually a james corden fan
I lost all interest in late night TV because it way too political. I came to get away from all that, maybe listen to a few jokes about it but that's it. When it became a focal point for their monologues, I tuned out.
seems gay
I did not expect that weed gummies joke from Seth to get me as hard as it did. The faces, the intonation, the editing, chefs kiss
I can’t sympathize with the WGA, with how awful entertainment seems to have become from American studios, and my own profession with inflation is basically at that 50% less from 20-15 years ago. I have 0 sympathy for joke recyclers when I had to take multivariable differential calculus for my career. These strikes never trickle out to other careers that are under appreciated so I really don’t care if a bunch of word nerds get a raise or not. And before you accuse me of being callous. I donate to charity organizations like animators dormitory that reduce the cost of living for entertainment professionals, just not American ones, AD is Japanese. I bought radiant a French comic despite it being French, even though I watched it for free and read it for free. I just cannot jive with Hollywood and the nonsense the writers I even tend to agree with get up to.
I always forget how good Colbert is at cutting right to the bone
My dad records stephen colbert every night and watches it the next morning🤷‍♀️ My dad is also in his 70s, so probably not exactly your target demographic 😂 I personally havent watched TV for like 6+ years🤷‍♀️ i dont have cable in my bedroom, but i do have a ton of streaming services😂😂
April 27th is my birthday! What a gift!
Hey that hat fit you perfectly
Majors props for bringing up the WGA strike.
support with the writters!
I've generally leaned towards Colbert clips on youtube in the past couple of years, but I get a wee bit irked that all the late night shows have almost identical writing around any latest news pieces.
Holy Forks Conan WAS NOT FUNNY!!!!!
Oh my god Eddy is alive
I Still love late night
Late Night has been dead for a very long time.. it's simply an propaganda machine pushing an agenda
ATP late night shows are just vehicles for big celebrities like BTS and Ariana Grande to make viral content. I’ve seen videos of the guests simply doing something like singing karaoke that have gotten TENS OF MILLIONS OF VIEWS. This is pretty much the only way they’re surviving by a thread. Most times, the hosts don’t have the capability to go viral except for like, major news events. All in all people care more about the GUESTS than the host.
9:30 that is why you should always conceal carry.
I have conflicted feelings about Jimmy Fallon because on the one hand he seems just genuinely so sweet, but his sketches are not funny. Like painfully unfunny. He’s so likable that I want him to be funny, but he’s just not a good comedian.
I kinda dislike every one of the mentioned Late night show hosts, old and new, but I may not have such a connection, cause I'm not from America.
I love Colbet and I still watch him. I really liked his quarantine show since it was just Colbert being Colbert instead of a little bit of Colbert but mostly interviews to promote movies. I also watch Colbert with my dad so it's just good bonding. I will stan Colbert till I die but yeah I agree late night is dying.
People definitely hated James Corden even before he was revealed to be abusive to staff, hes just a huge dbag
I love Conan so much he’s the greatest. It’s also going to the archive website and watching old episodes in the 90s to go to sleep to.
Thank you for putting a positive spotlight on the WGA strike!
honestly if i was stuck at that intersection because of james corden i would probably either 1) honk my horn the whole time or 2) hit him with my car (not hard enough to cause fatal damage of course)
10:15 This must've been how the chicken felt when it crossed the road! 😮😂
Late Night TV....  The 3 hours of Politics being shoved down my throat.  No thanks.
I will always remember Kimmel as “Jimmy the Sports Guy” from Kevin and Bean on KROQ.
I completely support the strike, mostly because the writing in modern media is absolute garbage and I am quite enjoying the break from it.
Yknow why no one will ever be like Johnny Carson? Because Johnmy new how to shut the hell up and let the people talk instead of do all these bits for views. Just casually let them speak about life with some questions to guide them but still let them really just talk
"Okay, so I just crossed the Corden crosswalk"  *war noises*
It's really interesting to see how American late night tv compares with Australian (especially in the context of free-to-air shows and shows which are on networks funded by government art budgets). There are much fewer here which allows for one or two groups to have a wide set of styles that they can play with but it also means that when one leaves there isn't really anyone to replace them
About James not being able to name two of his camera men you cant really blame him for that as someone who knows people who work in big type businesses staff such as camera men change on a daily biases since its so hard to find good camera men, also the staff probably asked that question because they know of the problems that he might have been facing at time of the filming.
Worst moment of zen ever.
The fact that YouTube put this #2 on trending…. They’re ready to red wedding all the late night botted sub channels on here and I couldn’t be happier
Johnny Carson, Benny Hill, Monty Python were all comedy gold. Jay Leno was pretty funny, Arsenio Hall and David Letterman had their moments. Saturday Night Live wasn’t that great but did have some epic moments. Today none of the modern guys are remotely funny or interesting.
Jimmy Kimmel is the most obnoxious out of all of them.
7:42 I'm pretty sure Meyers knows most of his crew, especially considering he has a running bit with the cue card holder, Wally.
why you gotta be extra jsw about it and call being a dick "being abusive" lmao. if you act like a dick you just a dick, those poor restaurant ✨ survivors✨ lmao
I pretty much exclusively watch John Oliver when it comes to late-night shows, and I only do so through their official youtube. Plus the exclusive youtube content is SO funny
craig ferguson was the best one imo
The driver of that car is a saint. If I got off a long shift and just wanted to get home and james motherfucking corden started dancing on the hood of my car, I'd start doing donuts without hesitating.
ewww that displate jaws poster has an awful boarder on it.
Keep Conan’s face off the thumbnail he’s the goat
paris hilton ape nft clip is actually painful to watch but great video!
Eddie, that hat looks too big! What the heck man. You must have replaced your mirror with a bunch of displates.
Conan is the goat
Conan is truly in a league of his own. He’s just so funny, I’m glad he keeps going with his podcast
That twist ending was brilliant 😂
You’re forgetting that people also want to watch late night shows for entertainment. Not politics. And specifically Colbert and Kimmel have gone full bore into being political spokesman
I think its more that late night TV became alt-left... kind of difficult for 50% of the country to sit through
Honestly almost everything you said I had to affirm with an audible YAS in my house. Great vid
Late night TV died with Johnny Carson. These guys today can’t do anything but political hacking.
I last regularly watched broadcast tv in 2007  , the first 5 years were rough but not anymore , its all reality garbage now
Gonna rewatch my favorite Conan videos now
always making my day better, thanks eddie!
Colbert used to be my favorite (when Conan ended his show), but Seth has now surpassed Colbert in creativity. He’s like Colbert 2.0. Wonder ifthe networks will tap John mulaney for late late show and Hasan minhaj for daily show.
It always kinda shocks me every time you mention these shows being on cable. I always watched these on antenna. Jimmy Falon was probably the only one i watched as a teen because it was the most accessible
i was there binge watching recommended colbert and myers videos and i am here dancing on the ashes of the phenomenon im in my pick me girl era fr
Conan is the only decent host in my opinion. All the others are boring, narcissistic and unrelatable.
You know what Jimmy Kimmel could do that I would watch the shit out of? A documentary-style expose on the idea of humor and how it relates to society. He probably could explain that shit better than anybody. He went from doing THE MAN SHOW, which was just.... there's a lot to unpack there (yes, I watched it when it was out), he did blackface, and then he went from edgelord comedy to hosting late night. I would love to pick his brain about what comedy is, when jokes go too far, how we should approach comedy, etc.
i wish i could like this video twice
Been wanting a new late night tv video from someone for so long, thx man
Eddie could brave the cordon crosswalk 8 times but cuts the line at visiting every Rainforest cafe in the US??
Great video! What’s the song at the end?
Hey @Eddy Burbank —  Late night comedy still rakes in millions of dollars via YouTube every damn day — not even just when they release new episodes, but every second of the day a clip from their show is being watched by someone on YouTube, sometimes clips released like 10 years ago. Are people watching the shows on cable? No. But if a tree falls in the forest when no one around but it still makes millions of dollars from ad revenue, does anyone care if no one is around? Mind you — neither James Cordon or Trevor Noah were fired — they both stepped down. They both would have seen their contracts renewed over and over again because they made content people watched online and when it comes to television, a late night comedy show is insanely cheap to produce compared to just about every other kind of show.  Your dream of hosting a late night show not only does not need to die, but you are closer to it than ever before … Here is what I would suggest: Rent out a venue, get some writers together to write some comedy bits, line up some guests (stand up comics would probably be easiest interviews), then film your comedy bits and interview in front of a live audience (free tickets) in LA and stream it live on YouTube, then cut all the segments up into smaller videos which you upload onto your YouTube channel as if you’re a real damn TV show. You already have a head start because you have a YouTube following. By doing this four nights a week, you’ll be able to flood YouTube with tons of quality content, far easier than producing 30 minute video essays — and that should translate to much more online revenue (the more videos you have, the more opportunities for views and thus the more money you make… I think ).   You don’t even need a television network as the middle man because no one watches television networks anyway.   Oh. And while I agree that Seth Meyers is the best late night host on the air right now, I have to beg you to not follow his example and wear a damn suit. You look really nice in a suit. I mean. I would get a stylist to get you a suit that fits your personality better (I am thinking skinny ties, lots of blues, shirts with a pattern. Probably just want to copy John Oliver’s suits.)
Amazing presenting
Young late night viewers?? Those EXIST?!
17:44 didn’t jon Stewart do it first at the daily show? I don’t think they aired the clips though. People who’ve been to the taping have discussed it on reddit and other forums though
I was on vacation once in Norway and randomly ran into Seth Meyers at a bike rental shop (he was doing a show there). Me and my bf were huge fans and said hi to him (we kept it brief, I’m not one to bother a celebrity doing a leisure activity) but he was SO nice, so warm and friendly. We talked shortly and he took a selfie with us 10/10 celeb sighting. I’m glad you spoke so highly of him here, he seems like the coolest dude
Hot Saucerman siting at 22:40
Seth Myers corrections and closer look is the only one I consistently watch. I like his humor and how he interacts with staff and writers plus his format is a lot less formal and comes off as more genuine. Also everything about corrections is amazing and seems to be a great way to keep up with the more online audience as actual television watchers is falling
Late night died when conan left.
I’m so glad Eddy brought up Ziwe, because i truly think that Ziwe’s show was one of the BEST ‘late night’ style shows of the last 10 years. because it feels like a parody of these shows with a HUGE lean in on their genZ audience who watches all of the content online
Craig Ferguson is so underrated his comedy is golden people always give the spotlight to Conan O’Brien which he is good but I would say he’s second best
its like the death of channel awesome or AVGN, totally the same thing
8:34 at what point does satire or ‘parody’ become just as bad as the subject at hand
I feel like you tap danced around the real reason for the decline of late night:  The political bias.  Letterman and Leno did a great job of staying politically neutral.  Jokes on both sides.  These new guys when Trump came onto the screen made it a point to tell everyone how bad Trump was, and at the same time, the majority of the jokes were about Trump, leading to a very toxic love affair, or as they would call it, hatred.  This was no longer comedy, but a propaganda arm of the DNC.  These late night shows alienated 50% of their audience, 50% of the country.  They only have themselves to blame.  The same can be said for the SNL ratings.
literally who asked for @ midnight to come back
most people don't live in america, eddy
U just explained why these shows are pointless. There for writers are useless.
It died with david
I think a big issue is with late night going political it only caters to half the population. Pretty much all celebrities and mainstream entertainment shout the same thing. As a conservative I have no interest in hearing the same opinion over and over again
I want to talk about a late night host Eddy missed, and I think he deserves attention for not being un-funny but being the funniest of them all, and that goes to John Oliver. I mean, like him or not, the stunts he does on his show are hilarious, and though his show does get a bit boring, sometimes he always manages to make me laugh. Just some of the mannerisms he uses and the one liners he gives sometimes just make it all in all a great show and staff and make him a great host. I understand the show isn't for everyone, but I seem to like it, especially the sewage plant that got named after him in Connecticut or the cake he made of the dictator of Turkmenistan falling off his horse. I think it's funny because of how random it is.
Oof almost had it till the end
i am not from the us, so i don't have us channels to see these late night shows, so as someone who exclusively seen these shows via clips on youtube, i'd say that corden is a obviously terrible except for few segments like fill your guts or spill your guts, fallon seem to be nice, but he comes across as an over reactor to the point that makes him feel fake, but his show is tolerable, kimmel is the most boring for me, and in some interviews he came out as flat out rude, colbert to me the best one out there, you can instantly tell how nice and genuine he is, and he is not boring, and always ask great thought provoking questions, and also he seem to actually try to do his homework to know about his guests to connect to them deeper, so to me colbert is a triple A show, conan is seen by everyone as a legend, and i see why people like him, even tho i also do like him too, but his humor is mostly not to me, because i feel like he does a lot of the same boomer jokes, nothing wrong if you are into that but not for me. so the order for me is : 1-colbert 2-conan 3-fallon 4-kimmel 5-corden from trevor noah, i'v only seen his videos when he is giving his commentary on social issues, even tho they are good, but i never watched anything else so i can't critique him, and i havn't seen anything from seth.
I never watch cable tv. I exclusively watch YouTube and streaming like Netflix or Hulu, so I had no idea about the strike. Thank you for mentioning it.
The Corden Crosswalk bit actually got me nostalgic for some 2008 YouTuber who'd actually upload videos of himself crossing different streets.
Stephen Colbert will always be one of my favorite people on the planet 🩵🩵🩵
💖💖💖 to the WGA and the underpaid writers and other staff💖💖💖
I like the guest host cycle on TDS, I hope they keep that going
I'd rather watch an Eddy Burback video than any of the late night tv stuff.
I only watched late night show first time in years for Park Jimin and thats it
Holy shit 2 videos in a year?
Love you and the vid. I feel like you're kinda a boomer for being this into late night. Plus some of your audio isn't in sync.
everytime i see a new post from eddie I cheer outloud
Seth meyers is the best i hope he never steps down (i watch only on YT though lol)
The craziest thing to me about this video is I just watched two of your videos about Late Night TV last night and now today you’ve posted a new one
Gutfeld is dominating all these legacy shows and on a fraction of the budget.
I think Conan read the writing on the wall waaayyyy faster than any other late night show did. Now its time for Eddie to take the late night mantle :)
Technically not late night, (late late) but I miss Craig Ferguson. He was a bit of a weirdo with women but still overall seemed respectful and was actually a funny host.
Seems like a lot of people share the opinion that Conan is the only one worth watching.
I remember watching when Kimmel launched during my college years and he came in like the edgy young guy. Now his show is maybe the most vanilla of the bunch.
Ew he touches the crosswalk button and proceeds to touch his face, fookin ell man.
I think old-fashioned television is being replaced with independent internet video people and independent video game developers why be companies  when you can be people selling things to other people you don't need a office when you can just have a computer in your house with uncountable numbers of artificial intelligence/robots the only physical labor jobs would be repairing the robots/computers/artificial intelligence and of course programming them
Between the crosswalk and Morvius, Ive kearned I can watch Eddy do things on repeat forever.
I would watch Jon Stewart on network tv, but that's about it.
CONAN will always be the GOAT
I gave it all up after Craig Ferguson quit, so I missed it mutating into nightly political lectures. Late night. Looks like I wasn't missing anything.
Hey! This is very deep and interesting. You're right about how stale the late night talk show format is, but I want to host a late night talk show on TV, and I am doing my version of a late night talk show on YouTube. It's a lot different from anything that people have seen either on TV or on YouTube, it's called Weeknight Update, and I think that it will give you a glimmer of hope for the future of late night television. Also, I truly hope that the writers will get what they want and need because they mean a lot to a lot of major TV and film productions.
Great video! ❤
No loss with that twat Cordon getting lost.
curious what happened to Samantha Bee, kinda miss her
I looooveee Kimmel. Ima be real bummed when he retires.
Conan was the only one not to constantly bash Trump. Could never watch anyone else.
I'll always love and admire Conan O'Brien. He's the only host I'll always stan for and love, because he shaped my sense of humor and wit when I was younger.
they all suck except for Conan
I don’t even pay for cable. If I had it, I wouldn’t be able to tell you a single channel either. 😂 I watch YouTube/Twitch and then stream the rest. If accessibility is an issue I won’t bother. It’s simply not worth the hassle or charge when there’s so much else out there that I do have unimpeded access to. 🤷‍♀️
Ziwe was canceled??:(
I never watch late night tv....  They try to wake everyone up....  It is late night..  Help me sleep..
Thanks for the NFT.
I religiously watch Colbert and Meyers on YouTube. But only the monologues mostly.
Letterman and Conan were actually funny. The rest have not made me laugh once.
The only "night" show I consistently watch is Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (probably because I just really don't care about celebrity interviews), and occasionally I catch Seth Meyers bits
Hi.
thank you so much for talking about the writers strike!!! it means a lot to bring awareness to it.
I don’t hate Seth or Kimmels show, and I liked Fallon in the beginning but the slow decline of what late night and these positions meant is obvious but we’ll layed out
Late night tv is dead for who again?
Jay Leno never prevented anyone in the 18-24 demo from watching Conan -- they abandoned him in droves all by themselves. Jay returned because Conan couldn't hold the demo. Period. It's a business, kids. Losers get fired, and the score gets reported every night.
Pls upload more, my day got so much better
I still watch Conan remotes to cheer me up. Even if I've seen them a million times. He was the GOAT and knew what worked best for him
i dont watch tv no more. But i watch a ton of late night clips every day on stephen colbert and others lol
Conan can outwit them all then add Dave Chapelle and you've got something special ;)
EDDY ARE YOU GOING TO SELL THE FLORAL YIKES FLAG AS MERCH?! please, dear god i need it
He looks like a package of tissues in this new merchandise
RIP James Corden… you bitch. 😢
The only lat night tv I need is adult swim. Gimmie those black dynamite repeats!
Deadass late night has lost to hot ones
I miss Craiggyferg and Conan. No reason for me to watch anymore. Staying up late to watch them was always an experience.  There isn't much to say about modern late night - Carpool Karaoke, Trump jokes, pointless gimmicks. It's so dull, so vapid, so... pointless. Whatever people say about SNL applies way more to the state of late night now. It probably started with Letterman and Leno dragging on, Letterman phoning it in for a while, doing interviews with fucking Tea Party dopes for god knows what reason, and generally being a bore. Corden was just the most obvious example of the aura of unlikeability spreading among a dying medium. Anyone would find it hard to succeed with the advent of streaming content on top of everything else we suffer in modern society.  Maybe Corden poisoned the well for everyone, to some degree. Even if he didn't come across as a total prick, the Carpool Karaoke spam and all the other gimmicks were so tedious. Like that singing in the crosswalk bit - how is that entertaining, inconveniencing random people to sate the man's ego? Stop singing, dude. Write some jokes.  And yeah, I got beyond sick of seeing dumb celebrities stringing along through Fallon's stupid games or whatever. Just don't care. It's not interesting. I do think Colbert was unfairly judged by the standards of Colbert Report, but that also doesn't make the late night show worth watching.  The things late night did are so accessible through social media/Youtube now, we're overloaded with information as is, no one wants cable, and celebrities are no longer mystical entities captivating our attention. Perfect storm.
Whos picking James Corden carpool karaoke is entertaining but.  No
Jimmy Fallon is the Ray William Johnson of the late night tv shows. He changed everything a lot, and without him, we might be stuck in the old talk show host days.  I'm not a massive fan of him, but can't help rooting for him.
As a SAG-AFTRA member, I support the WGA. Thank you for bringing awareness to their strike.
The daily show.
I haven't watched live television since 2016
I don't watch TV. U stream
No fucking way BTS had to do one of those crosswalk musicals. Those poor mfs probably hate it here now (coming from a kpop stan)
As a 62 year old, and between trips to the bathroom, I never watch network TV. PERIOD.
PART THREE PART THREE OHMYGOd
Only USA things  In Germany we have many successful Late Night Shows on national tv and online (million views per video)
Well spoken vid man. I felt close with this subject the way you came across. Have a great one! ❤
Fake News
Im glad Eddie mentioned the WGA strike  The writers are only asking for the means to survive. People want to blame them instead of the executives that make TENS OF MILLIONS of dollars just for owning every single IP
Eddie makes great videos to eat my reheated spaghetti from last night to
Conan is the 🐐 Jon Stewart the coolest I’ve seen with crew at a taping. They clearly loved him
Ever since craig ferguson left, so have i
I dated a guy in college who no matter what he would stop what we were doing and yelled Conan time!!  Movie, out ,middle of sex stop Conan time !!
The amount of absolute shitty movies I see coming out of major studios (Disney in particular) makes me very unsympathetic to the writers strike.
Brilliant Episode ❤
Cable not required.  Rabbit ears only.  Horrible Horrible awful video.  Bad very bad.
Petition to rename Corden Crosswalk to Burback Boulevard
Bro really spent 24 minutes talking about nothing, spun out to a tangent about the WGA strike (something I support, but instead of leading with that, he did this long-winded monologue) and then ended with more nothing. This video was so aggressively pointless and meandering that I'm actually unsubscribing.
I remember watching a bunch of late night episodes during 2015 - 2018 because of all the new mcu movies 👀 kinda eyeopening to see Corden not able to name his cameramen when late night shows are *known* for the family dynamic w/ the crew
I have an idea for anyone who wants to try it. Make a late-night show inspired stream. Do it however you want, it’s completely open to whatever anyone wants to do. If people want late night TV to stick around, it doesn’t have to die. It can evolve and adapt if that’s what people want.
he was more than a late night host and he was more than a hero; he was a union man!
21:05 Dr. Han
The only late night segment I still watch is Seth Meyers’ corrections. I love how unhinged it’s gotten
Cannot WAIT for the BURBACK episode of Conan Needs A Friend.
1:14  For anyone who doesn't know, the people who did the Bored Ape NFT, are a bunch of racist/anti-Semitic edge lords, who find it funny when they can pass racist imagery off as legitim art. They have done other projects with a similar goal in mind, and have left a ton of breadcrumbs/dog-whistles, along the way.
I completely disagree colberts interviews are the best. Myers is robotic in interviews.
Obsolete is the word!!!
I’ve just never liked US late night shows after Craig Ferguson, I catch Graham Norton in full cuz there’s just a different vibe
at the part where eddy got all dressed up i fr thought he was going to announce that hes making his own late night show and for some reason im disappointed he isnt
I really thought that Burback was going to do a dance on the crosswalk.
I love you parasocially eddy
Jimmy Fallon always been dogshit
i like video i watch video
Who the hell has a tv at home anyway? I trew mine out in 2008.
the only late night show i watch is last week tonight, and its purely on YT. i could never get into the others. so glad to see you mention the WGA strike. its so important to support these writers and not cross the picket line
ill never forget that segment where james corden sexually harassed justin bieber when he was a 16
I work at warby parker (glasses store) and we have a collab with jimmy fallon and at my location we have yet to sell a single pair because whenever we tell customers it’s a collaboration with him they have a negative reaction and put the glasses down. he’s also the only collab I’ve seen since working there where we don’t explicitly advertise they’re a collab with him with a picture of him modeling them
I mean really honestly does any one care about what Paris Hilton is doing or has done in her life other then her sex tape and even that was boring 😴 just saying
I only ever watched Conan, religiously.  After I moved out of my parents house I couldn't watch live, without cable.
Their all sellouts, No originality, just rinse and repeat liberal talking points :/
Fuck it, let hasanabi host the daily show
as someone who lives JUST DOWN THE STREET from that stupid CBS building i hate him with everything in my heart
Go woke go broke.... they all joined the Clown Club.
craig ferguson was such a good host too, one of the better ones.  So tragic to be replaced by such a universally disliked twat.  And to this day Conan doing a remote where he auditions for TV commercials is one of the funniest things I've ever seen a late night host do.  I think it's still up somewhere on youtube even though its like a decade old or more.
Lol I learned about the ‘07 writers strike and from watching Conan come back with a beard. I didn’t realize that I had been watching reruns until then
You know when there's hopscotch drawn you gotta follow the rules
23:00 eddie, your fly is down
The future of Talk Shows is The Adam Friedland show.
Honestly, I agree, the only real late night show host I watch is John Oliver, cause he's been the only one that genuinely makes me laugh as well as be incredibly informative of current affairs.
james corden is off tv? what a great birthday present (april 27 is my birthday)
Seeing that this is the last time you will probably do a late night commentary. Please talk about SNL. It is so hated by so many people but it is still one of the most interesting shows out there. I think it would be good to do it now especially since Lorne will leave soon and things are going to end or drastically change.
Okay..maybe I don't get it...and if I'm wrong, someone please do nicely educate me, but...NFTs are scams...right? Like just full out you want me to pay for a link to something I coulda just...screenshotted?
Having the Roots as your house band is one of the most chad TV production moves you could ever make.
The  last   time  my  TV  broke,  I  did  NOT  replace  it.
Miss New York would be an amazing late night host.
The real downturn of late night TV is when Jon Stewart retired.
NBC era Letterman was the single funniest, greatest most entertaining tv show of any kind in the history of tv. Nothing comes close. Was a Kimmel guy up until he embraced full on LEFTIST identity. Now I cant stomach him. Noah can eat shit bashing the country and he's not even from here.
they all just repeat the same handful of things over and over and over and over … been long time since watched any of it
I used to watch late nigth tv but grew out of it
that corden crosswalk bit made me realize L.A. is actually hell on earth
25:19 "no one is entitled to a job but those who do have a job are entitled to fair pay"  Hmm, I understand that this is legally true, but in terms of morality its a bit inconsistent  Either people are entitled to earn enough to live or they arent, fair compensation is more relative to need than economic output
Eddy your fly is down
ngl except for corden (unfortunately) fallon and conan i havent once watched or even heard of any of the other mfs lmao
Appreciate you shining a light on the WGA strike Eddy! Also great video as usual
EDDY WE NEED MORE 2XL GREEN YIKES SHIRTSSSSSSSSSS FUCKKKKKK
I remember seeing tons of Lopez Tonight and Conan back in high school, but after awhile I decided I rather spend my time playing video games instead. I did get into Daily Show with Trevor but now he doesn't do the show anymore I don't see myself going back anymore unless they get someone just as charming.  That being said I did see Last week Tonight if that counts but ever since I started boycotting HBO for how they treated animated shows I haven't watch it since
This is why I miss Craig Ferguson
I just want a Hasan Piker and Eddie Burback collab where they cosplay as Luigi and Mario.
You been working out Eddy? Hot damn you looking good 🔥🔥🔥
Make great content, get money!
the only late night I’ve ever watched is trevor noah on youtube
I like network tv and very much miss what it once was. Less daunting then these endless streaming sites.
so do you cross the walk or walk the cross?
I sure do miss the podcast btw...
Same thing with me about not watching cable anymore.
i remember as a teenager fighting hard for people to leave James Corden alone cause he was giving me my musical theatre fix, it nearly broke my brain when i realized the British people weren’t lying about him being a little bitch. i still think he’s talented though tbh.
she is right the monkey does look like Paris Hilton
it died when Conan and Kevin left/lost their shows
NGL..........CORDEN SAW THIS COMING AND DIPPED!!!!!
till the walls stink
One of the reasons I don't watch late night shows is BECAUSE of their politics. I'm so tired of politics being shoved down my throat 24/7. If they are going to talk politics lets just make fun of all the politicians instead of pushing an agenda. We really have political overload these days, I don't want it.
18:41 This is something I've noticed about Seth Meyers as well, the way he integrates the crew and writers is great, it doesn't feel forced at all, they're just a bunch of friends and it really shows.  Theres so many segments thats basically just shining a spotlight on the writers and rest of the crew. It's something that nobody else has replicated as well and I really enjoy it.
Craig Ferguson was the best
Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers all seem like desperate liberal rats frantically scurrying to keep their decerped, outdated ships and their highly over paid salaries from sinking deep into the depths of obscurity.
say what you will about jimmy fallon but he makes a mean ice cream
Craig Ferguson is so underrated.  He was such a pleasant person to spend time with.
Hi Eddy, I've been watching Seth Meyers and Stephen Colbert religiously since 2018. I think they both give a lot of props to their writers, and I like that they are brought out of the writers' room and into bits. I think Seth has a great thing going with Day Drinking and obviously I am a jackal for Corrections, which is Youtube exclusive. I think Youtube exclusives are key for these programs to freshen up their format and reach a new demographic.
Eddy you could totally do your own version of a night show on YouTube!
rip james. may the king renew his citizenship.
If James cordon jumped on my car hood I’m hitting the accelerator idc
Most of it has gotten too political, and too predictable. A nightly slice of frat culture authored by left-leaning scripters.
Edward, kindly bring back your Twitch streams. They are greatly missed. Or don’t, I just want you to be happy.
Anyways, stan John Oliver
For some reason I absolutely swore I already watched this but then I saw it was posted 7 hours ago... When I was asleep lol so uh... Eddy are you time traveling? You can tell me-
I know this is a hot take...but the downfall all started with Leno when he refused to give the show to Conan. Soon after my boy Craig Furgeson leaves and the useless tub of butter took his show.
im sorry bro but that new yikes merch looks disgusting and awful.... good video tho!
This is an absolutely fantastic video. Thank u Eddy!
Wow this is a very superficial analysis of why the late night show died. It is because after overtly propergating liberal propaganda especially in the Trump era, we realize they are just a shill for the mega cooperation agenda.
daily show and colbert report were iconic to my life growing up
Literally read the title and thought "good"
I like how you used race lol.
Oh cool another person pushing the biggest lies ever...keep on succeeding...late Night is trash...
Wait... I've never in my life been so enthralled by an advertisement... The hat was just right, Eddy.
I haven't watched any late night shows since Conan ended
imagine being the car at the end. like physically, what would it be like to be a cars 4 style sentient car.
Who's Pedro & what did he do? Imagine all the people? I dont get it...
As a Conan fan, I have a lot of respect for Kimmel because back during the first late night wars between Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien, he defended Conan through and through and even called out Leno in his own show about how much he fucked over Conan. He wasn't afraid to call out the bullshit and stick his neck out for Conan, so I give him a lot of props for that.
*clicks on episode* OH YEAH! Like what's happening w/ the WGA!  *midway through* Wow Eddy is analysis is on the money, I wonder what...  *brings up the strike @ the end* OMG!!! THATS WHATS GOING ON!!
Jimmy Jimmy and Stephen look exactly the same to me I for real cannot differentiate their faces
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ZIWE GOT CANCELLED???????????
It's still niche in the grand scheme of things but i genuinely believe just chatting live streaming is the new era of talk show TV . It goes beyond that as well. creators such as Hasan Piker are the news, the variety entertainment and the late night talk show all in one.
I miss CraigyFurg and Geoff. Such a good show and where I learned the capital of Iceland is Reykjavik.
Ngl I really hate the crosswalk shows but I'm glad when bts did it a few armys actually got to see them for free that way
Trump joke ok jimmy?
The networks should hire you to host late night. I'd watch that. On YoutTube, of course.
How I (someone old enough to have seem my 1st Tonight Show in 1977) watch the late night shows (pre-strike): I start with Colbert's monologue on the TV, then check what game or bits Jimmy Fallon's doing. After that, I'll watch whichever guests I care to see on all the shows, otherwise turn the TV off until the 12:35 shows start. Then I catch Seth's news monologues and Closer Looks - or whichever comedy bits he does most Tuesdays. Then, I'd check James Corden during the break, then whoever's guests I want to see (Corden's panel, of course). I loved when I'd catch Reggie Waats' question. And anytime later, I'll watch Jimmy Kimmel's monologue on YouTube.   SNL I always watch live when it's a new one. It's my all-time favorite show since 1976. I nowadays watch that show on DVD or internet, sometimes watching individual sketches from all eras on YouTube.  I'd hate for late night shows to disappear completely from TV. Colbert, Meyers, Bill Maher, John Oliver, and Kimmel helped get me through the Trump administration. Kimmel's monologues are right there with the aforementioned these days. As it is, I miss new shows from Craig Ferguson, who was right up there with Johnny, Dave, and Conan in excellence. Hos was one show I stayed tuned to to the end, though I didn't miss the best parts of Conan, then Seth.
Letterman in his prime of the 80s and 90s is probably the best late night host ever. I love him, Conan, Craig Ferguson and Seth Meyers. Conan obviously is a pro and just had an Everyman appeal about him. Craig Ferguson was always the most silly, and that’s why it worked. Seth Meyers is definitely the best on right now, very smart and funny. John Oliver is good too, but I don’t see him as a late night host personally. I loved the Colbert Report, and once in a while Colbert will have a great interview with a guest, but it’s not the same. Jimmy Kimmel once in a while will have something funny, but it’s more from the guests than Jimmy himself. Jimmy Fallon seems nice, just not my cup of tea. Corden is awful.
Seth's Corrections online eps are always entertaining... But certainly not what we would associate with classic late night content
I was listening to this video in the background and when I heard “everyone’s favorite late night host” and then heard James Corden’s voice I had a physical reaction
Boop
oh burback, every video you post is just *chefs kiss*
I love Conan O'Brien so much as a person.  But, to prove the point of this video, I had no idea he has been off the air for almost two yearas.
Pedro a POS, no one is off the hook for that video.
me when i find out eddy is only four years older than me
Conan is on another level
I’m extremely loyal to Stephen and Seth just because I like them as people and I genuinely think the daily show is great comedy, I also love John Oliver  Otherwise all of the rest of late night could die and the only thing I’d feel sorry for is everyone out of the job I would not miss the shows
Wow bro you went against the mainstream….good luck lmao
I really really like Stephen Colbert (loved the Colbert Report as a teen too) but I agree I rarely watch him :( BUT I also agree that when I see a good interview its really good - his empathy is palpable and feels incredibly authentic and his questions keep you held in the moment, I think those types of interviews are really really well done.
Awh I also had the dream of being a late night host lol, Craig Ferguson & Conan Obrien really shaped my comedy style growing up. I was a huge fan of Craig specifically.
oh yeah we back baby
I cannot imagine getting thrusted at by James Corden in a mouse costume and being like "Wow I am really grateful this happened to me"
I’ll say when it comes to Colbert he commands the most respect to me. Not only because of his legacy of great comedy on things like the Dana Carvey Show, Strangers with Candy, the Daily Show, and the Colbert Report, but because he is the one I think with the highest highs in interviews. Other hosts may be better overall in interviews, but when Stephen clicks and nerds out, like he did with Anderson Cooper with DnD, I genuinely think there’s nothing better in network late night.
I love Jimmy Kimmel's announcer Lou Lou Wilson
I do mostly agree, but I have a comment about restaurants observing allergies. That is not always the case.   Im a type 1 diabetic and if I order a diet coke, I need a diet coke.  I have to give myself a shot of insulin for all carbs I eat or drink.  Ive been given regular coke many times. To many, this isnt a huge deal, but if I drink a regular coke and think it is diet I will not count that into how much insulin I hive myself.  It can really ruin my day and if its egregious enough my blood sugar could go high and I could end up in a coma. There are many cases where restaurants are awesome and will really look out for you and take care of making sure you got the right thing, but other times Ive had employees think I'm just being difficult and ignore my requests. So maybe James is just using it as an excuse, but after having a few restaurants almost kill me im not too quick to think all restaurants are following allergy procedures.
Thank you for bringing up the strike. Both of my parents are WGA so we're at a total loss of income. But, their spirits are high and it really helps when people speak out and humanize writers. There is so much misinformation, but the fact is that writers are integral to all of the TV and movies we see in one way or another. It's the kind and right thing to stand alongside them.
For me it was just Trevor Noa who really felt like a comedian. The rest kinda just felt like celebrities who wanted to talk about the news
man fuck late night
Late night rot brain
We had Carson, Cavett, Letterman and Conan, those were the legends of talk shows during the golden age of talk shows, nowadays, they become all about politics and some comedy, and let's not even talk about the PC nonsense.
Eddy dropping another banger
Its the death of everything good.
I genuinely LOVED Colbert's show from his house during quarantine. I would watch it on YouTube because I don't have cable, but I looked forward to it. After he went back to the stage, I stopped watching. It was way more fun when you could hear his son and wife in the room laughing at his jokes, instead of just the studio audience.
I am half way through watching this and I can tell you the real reason late night now sucks.  ITS BECAUSE THERE ARE TOO MANY COMMERCIALS.  Its their fault.  They have killed late night with excessive advertising interruptions that are TOO LONG.  On Kimmel,  Al Franken was the guest host and he was about to interview Katie Porter. Only after A TEN MINUTE COMMERCIAL BREAK.  I timed it.  INEXCUSABLE  and at this point I am done due to this ridiculous amount of ADS.
I do think the package element is good, since an hour of scrolling through even high quality youtube videos with celeberities may be more exhausting than an hour of tv, but only if that hour is also entertaining.
the hat looks fine
I honestly really appreciate Fallon for not engaging in political discourse for a while during the election era. The comedy at that point in time was so insufferable and quite frankly just not as funny as what was actually happening
so happy to see a new video from you dude, keep up the amazing work 🖤
Every video is a blessing
Oh, this video again? Yes Eddie we all know that the only people who still watch late night or are grandparents. fucking mystery solved whoop de doo. Can we get a new video next year?
I'm 33, a Dad, & an American & I've never heard of James Corden
Atmosphere caused the decline? Maybe. Or, hot take, calling half the nation Nazi's for voting for a guy that the Hollywood elite and mainstream left hate. Yeah, I think you really failed to see what people were really thinking about late night.
It looks like there was a car accident at that crossing now lol.
Awesome video but I gotta know the song used at 9:34 so I can imagine epic trailers for movies that will never exist
Still hard to believe the guy who is infamous for breaking character during countless sketches got the Tonight Show
Ziwe got cancelled? What?
I WAS PRAYYYINNNGGGG FOR U TO END THIS VID WITH TALKING ABOUT THE WRITERS STRIKE I LOVE YOU. SOLIDARITY
Had to pause at 17 minutes in because I feel strongly that Colbert is one of the best interviewers I've ever seen. His improv skills keep him nimble, his intelligence keeps him fully engaged. I love Conan and I only watch late night because of his influence in my early years....I hate his interview skills. He talks over, does bits, is the center of attention so often I truly just rather watch him on his own or interacting with Andy Richter than ever doing an interview, both as the interviewer or the interviewed.
Why did I think Eddy was about to propose to someone at the end 😅
I’d sit with my dad and watch The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. I don’t mind Stephen Colbert but most others unfortunately I’m not sure what to think. Can’t stand James Corden.
i haven't watch late night from beginning to end since craig ferguson left
The only one that gets me laughing anymore is John Oliver
You are asking why Late Night is dying. The easy answer is this people are nothing more than corporate stooges.
i just hope you've forgiven him, for your own sake, i'm not holding out or hoping for a reunion but I'm glad you've finally explicitly addressed how you feel about the future, as an individual or as a Burback
Babe! Wake up! Eddy Nine-Pins is talking about Late Night talk shows again!
We need Craig Ferguson back😢😢
I always love these very original and new ideas from Eddy
I'm sorry eddy you were correct about everything except for the crosswalk musical. I love the crosswalk clips and unhappy drivers I think its so funny 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 also p.s. I was an audience member at colbert and Trevor Noah's shows and they were both amazing experiences
yes. I watch late night every night online and I miss it.
Conan got boned. Been my fav late night host for years, lost him during quarantine. Truth is most late night hosts went hyper political and lost half their audience. Doubt younger groups were the majority of their audience to begin with.
You used to be the ugliest guy on youtube, now you're kinda handsome.
I used to listen to their monologues, but not anymore. It's always about Trump. It's like they are obsessed with him.
I cant watch late night TV because my bedtime is 8pm and mom will take away my nintendo switch if I stay up
I loved Colbert because of how intellectual and honest he was. I completely turned on him during 2016s presidential race.   All he did was Trump impressions. It was funny for awhile but man it got stale fast. It was such a stark contrast to why I watched him to begin with.
Eddy, you forget Lilly Singh!
Craig Ferguson is the best one, when he went off the air I settled for conan and now there is nothing
During the show-from-home phase, the best part was NO SUITS! It’s 2023 guys, suits are lame. Fallon was the best with his cute trendy jackets. LOOSE THE SUITS!
I genuinely didn't know the John Cona 'dancing' video was from a late night show episode before this :D
My wife and I watched the opening monologues and recurring segments every morning while drinking coffee. Seth, Jimmy K, Stephen C and Daily Show. The writer’s strike is worthy, but I do hope it gets resolved before the writing teams disband
I miss Conan.. when he left I was over late night mostly anyway. I do like Kimmel though because hes a good dude and Meyers. But Conan was and always will be the man! As well as Letterman .
You look like a young Ron Swanson and I'm absolutely living for it
I haven't watched any cable tv for almost a decade. It just seems weird to spend so much of my time watching commercials.
No Craig Ferguson or Dave Letterman in the thumbnail caused me more psychic damage than it should. Miss Craig's show a shitload.
I love Seth Meyers so much I was so worried you wouldn’t agree!
Great points….however…..Colbert used to give my absolute fave laugh inducing monologue until several months back when Kimmel blew past him on the funny meter. Kimmel is now king!
look out buddy there was like a transformer or something behind you @ 10:17
i cant wait for A.I. to bring Johnny Carson back from the dead
Why did you have to lump Conan in on that thumbnail? He was the last good one we've had!
wait this motherfucker is 26
I’m surprised Corden wasn’t shot at doing his crosswalk bs
And thank God it did. POS's like Jimmy Kimmel deserve to fade to obscurity.
Most everything eddy is saying here is true, although, many late night shows stopped caring about comedy and started caring about taking a stand and sharing just the popular opinion, leaving comedy in the dust
Eddie going to every rainforest cafe: /thinks it's insane  Eddie crossing the Cordon Crosswalk over and over: /in love
Conan was/is the only genuinely funny late night host. The rest of em don’t deserve a view.
This is really what I needed to help me get through finals week, thank you Eddy :)
putting that suit purchase in the video for a business expense, are we? 👀
How did you not mention the Bodega Boys???????
I don't even remember the last time I've seen a Late Night clip suggested to me on youtube. I remember it getting so bad that half of the reccomendations were late night content that I would avoid.
Trever Noah was horrible though
As a brit the only american talk show host I really like is Conan cause he's just both hilarious and interacts well with his guests. The best for me is Graham Norton but I don't know how much his show has crossed over the pond
I think a lot of these programs also died because they started being a parody of news shows, but then the parody part disappeared, and people weren't looking for the opinion of comedians trying to do journalism.
The last time I watched a Late Night show as it aired was Conan's last show.
That moustache about to get a life on its own
Maybe you should still follow your dreams. Why not someday host a late night show on YouTube with a bunch of your other YouTube friends and write it together? Is that outside the realm of possibility? I submit that it is not!
Liberal politics has ruined late night, just like everything else.
I did not realize patriot act was cancelled. That is so unfortunate, i kind of forgot about that show for a while but it usef to be an actually interesting way to consume news and i watched it all with my mom back in the day.
For me late night TV died when Conan’s TBS show ended.
I wish eddy was also selling that Yikes tapestry. Seeing it in the background enticed me to similarly adorn my wall with it as well
it could also be that they politicized their product and started preaching to crowds instead of entertaining them. Conan will forever be the best.
Kimmel is so damn painful to watch, He is way too political and people don't want to tune into late night for something that's the same content as CNN. And Fallon is annoying Because he just can't stop interrupting. Kelly Clarkson is the same way. You have to learn how to be a good host and interrupting and always talking about yourself does not work
Literally the only reason I watch any Jimmy Kimmel is for 5 seconds of Lou Wilson
I can’t lie Colbert is hands down the worst in my opinion. Politics killed late night, they didn’t help it
am i the only one that thought james corden was gay
It’s always been my tradition in the mornings when I get ready for work to watch all the late night shows on YouTube.
Bro, of course late night tv seems dead right now. Everyone is on a writers strike. Once the writer's strike is over, Late Night TV will resume as usual.
Thank you
Patriot Act was so good, it broke my heart when itw as cancelled.
Late night talk shows are such boomer thing 💀
Late Night Died with Conan
💀💀💀not 3:28 when he looks like a british version of jonah hill
Just wanna pop in and say the writers strike episodes of Conan were so good.  He’s the best to ever do it, imo. So insanely funny. But what’s better is how supportive he was the first time. Glad to see it happening again. And the support from hosts.
Dick Cavett is one of my personal favorite
Oh he's BurBACK everyone!
It’s sad to see Conan gone though, Conan is actually really funny and original. That man is the only one that can carry late night shows. It’s like he actually has conventions with his guests and jokes around with them. Pretty pathetic how bad they have been for so long.
The best thing about Jimmy Fallon  is his ben and jerrys flavor otherwise I’d be ok not seeing his face ever
because people caught on they are all corporate shills that are creating propaganda content distracting them from being plundered by the banks.
I thought Fallon and Kimmel were the same person
I really don't watch them. they have nothing that I I need or want and I don't consider that comedy.
Ya know what I realised watching this video? I actually enjoy the current late night line up. A few I think are eh or don’t have any opinion on, and only one or 2 I don’t like. I’m British so I hate James corden. I am not a fan of Kimell. I haven’t watched much Trevor Noah so I do t have an opinion. I like Jimmy Falon as a presenter and guy but don’t find him that funny. I like Colbert. I’m a big fan of meyers and John Oliver. Obviously Conan is the best. It’s strong.
i love eddie burback
I haven’t had cable since like 2013 only YouTube n netflix n now other apps
I do miss Trevor though 😢
**ChatGPT has entered the writer’s room**
Congrats on the new couch Eddy
The only one I mildly care for is Colbert, mostly due to my love of The Colbert Report and Strangers with Candy. I just watch the YouTube highlights, though, and skip the interviews. Even then, a lot of it can be kinda cringe. I also preferred the show more during the quarantine phase, which is odd to think about. I guess I grew up in the UK, before moving to Canada, and we don't really have late night TV there, so the idea has never really appealed to me.
Good riddance tbh. Soulless corporate content.
im 36 and i basically only watch youtube or stream stuff......but i know alot of other people my age still watch tv.....
Eddie on the cordon crosswalk is so bb girl
Another phenomenal video from the man who never misses
only time i watch cable tv is at my grandmas house
Gives more ammunition to the anti-diversity crew, thanks British people.
We agree on one thing…Seth is my favourite too. I also watch only on YouTube. But since the writers strike I’m lost without them all. I watch every late night host. I miss Trevor Noah. Kimmel was my fav for bashing 45. Colbert is touching. I hope they all come back 😩
Hip hip hooray my favorite hottie is back
I’d be interested in seeing Stephan Colbert go the Conan route and do a podcast just for how interesting, intelligent and funny he is unscripted, as proven by during COVID. And this is coming from someone who likes The Late Show.
I cannot believe Corden ended on my birthday... gross, but also YAY
You leave conan out of this
Rest in piss late night tv
Jon Stewart was on every night in my house for years. I think I learned more from him growing up than any other media source.
Yeah I pretty much only watch Seth's clips. He's just a lot more genuine and casual-feeling, and I believe he actually cares about his crew and coworkers.
I Watch a lot of late night tv on YouTube
@midnight is coming back? POINTS!
I can't believe that restaurant owner would lie so blatantly about James Corden. Calling him a "gifted comedian" is truly a bridge too far.
fallon is ok......... find him annoying but he is a good host and entertainer
We don’t like him in the UK either so I guess he moved over to you for a take two 😂 people liked him as an actor but he’s really obnoxious as a presenter personality and now a lot of people just can’t stand to see him in anything because he’s pissed them off so bad. Not all actors can be presenters it requires a charisma you either have or you don’t
God I miss Letterman and Conan
I remember when this happened years ago and the comedy in both The Daily Show and The Colbert Report suffered. It was a good thing though since it made me realize that the writers were the ones making me laugh more than the hosts saying what they wrote.
Not since Conan did I ever watch late night as it aired
Make your own Eddy, I believe
Haven’t watched a late night since Conan.  A while ago Conan…like Jordan Schlansky era.
I havent seen late night tv since before your last video on late night tv
The bit of you crossing the crosswalk reminded me so much of that guy on TikTok who Vlogs, the most mundane things But gets so excited, they always make me giggle, and are so positive
this man crossed the Corden Crosswalk more times than he saw the 2022 movie of the year MORBIUS!
I've been waiting for this video for quite a while ever since the shows have adjusted post pandemic. And I completely agree with the Colbert section.
While not traditional late night show I love(ed) Full Frontal with Samantha Bee and Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.  I love how both shows are  ( or were RIP Full Frontal) hilarious while also talking about important  issues. I am also still in deep mourning over Ziwe being canceled. None of  the shows I loved could be anything without the writers on them.
the fact that people are not laying on the horn for the cross walk shows is the least LA thing that I have seen
I learned Alice Cooper and I share a phobia. Neat.
Eddy be lookin’ good in that new merch
Imagine clapping for an ape jpeg
Conan and Kimmel  are great host and comedians
Conan having a podcast for his interviews and a show dedicated just to his remotes is so insanely appealing to me that I don't really know what to comment
thank you so much for talking about the WGA strike!! any late night tv would be nothing without its writers
I wish Craig had never retired. I used to tune in to his insanity every night and it was the best.
Moving from Craig Ferguson to James Corden was one of the biggest downgrade in late night history.
Ever think maybe the ratings are down partly because they all have the same political pov and they’ve turned off half the country? I know it’s hard to believe when you live in LA, but the rest of the country exists.
Not you and Cody with almost identical thumbnails of videos posted right around the same time. 🤔🫣
My dumbass forgot the late late toy show was an Irish thing and got really confused on why it wasn't mentioned.
Daddy eddy looks good in a suit wtf
I enjoy seeing "Steven Colbert" but i dont like "Steven Colbert"
The showes died with the retiring of David letterman. Johnny Carson and letterman were what was authentic with late night television because they said what they wanted and came up as regular everyday guys who the audience can relate too. I want late nigh to come back but these new comedians and celebs are not for the people
I love the late night talk shows.
I swear I’ve already watched this video
The early years of Late Night w/ Conan O'Brien were some of the greatest episodes of Late Night TV put to air. His nervous energy and his "throw every comedy bit at the wall and see what sticks" mentality was upholding the tradition started by Ernie Kovacs, refined by Johnny, and perfected by Letterman. Now TV viewing habits have shifted so dramatically in the last 10 years that I don't see such a thing coming back to late night broadcast TV any time soon, if ever. The networks will want to play it safe and if they do something outrageous, it will likely be paywalled on their streaming services instead of free over-the-air like it used to.
The talk shows are what Noam Chomsky would refer to as Manufacturing Consent. And all the talk show have lost credibility and become tools of the elite. Watching them only contributes to our loss of freedoms.
Setting 10:50 to my text tone
Idk why I thought you were gonna go propose to the cordon crosswalk at the end.
I always wanted to move to la so I can be the chosen one to absolutely grind the crosswalk musical people into paste under my wheels
eddie, i feel in love when i saw the rainforest cafe vids. but i couldnt subscribe because you only post twice a year😭
I think you’re forgetting the new talk show. The Adam Friedland Show. Talk shows are still alive as long as Nick Mullen is around.
Spicy 2017 take Eddy
…or Josh Gad. 😂
Listening to Paris Hilton explain her bored ape NFT has to be the most painful thing I've experienced
No mention of Last Week Tonight?
colbert is so awkward, it's literally painful for me to watch
Bottomline - Conan is the GOAT
wow
Yes eddy! One of the only YouTubers I really look forward to their uploads!
In defense of James Corden. At least he hasnt done blackface 😂
Eddy, it’s been delightful to see your content grow over the years.   I just want to say that you’re doing great work, and I hope you get to make movies soon.
i think i have fallen in love with you
In other words. Late Night is outdated, and its new iteration is what we know as "podcasts." Of which, unfortunately, don't have a very long lifespan depending on its hosts
Bet you wouldn't feel the same way about that crosswalk if there was a Rainforest Cafe full of Safari Fries on the other side of it.
I can’t believe this is how i discovered that ZIWE got canceled!?!
Speaking of merch. Can we get a Yeesh line? I feel like yikes is in the moment. And Yeesh is when ya lookin back at what just happened
18:15 Stephen to me is the quintessential American, or maybe, its idealized form? Hes such a loving and kind soul as you mentioned in his quarantine eps with his wife, some of my favorite shows he's ever done, but really it's because he found a way to take celebrity and still shine through as just a nice, relatable guy. Hes one of the few celebrities I would say Id genuinely love to meet if I had the chance, if for no other reason than to geek out about lord of the rings with him <3
eddy’s hair looks fantastic in this
HE RETIRES ON MY BIRTHDAY :D                             happy birthday to me
He missed the opportunity of saying "Yikes" when he said he had forgotten tu plug his merch
Trevor initially turned down the Daily Show too. He was touring internationally when Jon Stewart called and he was like "nah man. Good luck" 😂 The guy deserves a better and free'er format.
I have my degree in screenwriting and I haven't done anything with it besides the fact that I have a BA and worked in design for a few years. Soon after graduating it became clear how abyssmal the industry was getting and how impossible it was to get a gig if you didn't have family or know someone. I really think my passion for it would have died had I known the conditions writers were in at the time. I was in school during the late night shift and even went to one of Craig's last shows the year he retired. Like you, a lot of my dreams have faded, but even now I have this wish of being able to do what younger me wanted. I think this is why I was pursing animation storyboarding for a while because it combined the two things I loved: drawing and writing. Growing up when writing was at a high really fooled me into thinking I'd be able to make it too. But, like in 2007-08, I am glad to see the strike happen and people fight for proper pay and a sustainable career. I only have hopes that this will help not only those in writing positions now but also those looking to break in, setting the path for the future of tv and film. Thank you for mentioning the strike and thank you for the wonderful video.
I’m not exaggerating when I say I’d trust John Oliver with my life
I constantly work side by side somebody for nearly a year before learning their name. I once talked to a guy at the lunchtable everyday for 4 or so months without learning their name. WE ALL WEAR NAMETAGS lol.  all this to say,  not knowing yer camera mans name aint no thang
The writers want more move to buy drugs
Don’t forget Bike Talk Show or River Guy!!!
Couldn't focus on the video the moment I saw the merch I needed them!!
i only watch seth meyers and john oliver alone, but i’ve been watching colbert with my dad for a lot of my life. even if his sense of humor isn’t exactly matching to mine anymore he just seems like a really genuine person with a lot of compassion and emotional intelligence (part of the reason why watching him on CICGC was so hard)
yea no mention that most these shows/hosts are woke idiots and political shills thats why they tanked, like all the other globalist trash shows
yooooo Jury Duty was awesome!! would be a good quick video topic, not enough people know about it
As a guy in his 30s, I haven't watched live TV in at least a decade and tbh I'm shocked to learn that people younger than me were doing so as recently as 2020.
Yup nightly for Seth and Stephen!
fallon is god awful
Yeah occasionally Late night TV is good, or at least funny. Colbert, Oliver, Noah and Meyers are fairly decent. But the majority is just garbage and frankly everything that is wrong with modern TV and Modern society. Just cookie cutter BS made exclusivly to spoon feed the sheep their daily dose of feel good so we can go back to ignoring anything real. Except of course the shameless product placement intereviews. Its like watching adult have a happy meal for dinner and then having to pretend they are not some infantile POS.
I just want to say, your moustache is fucking glorious
a huge chunk of the population tuned out when Hollywood threw a massive T.D.S. temper tantrum. Now its like watching msnbc sprinkled with "comedy". Its just propaganda now..
If there's one thing Gen z hates it's fake. We don't like that shit.
It's a trilogy now! and very nice touch for mentioning the WGA strike at the end. I'm not from the US, so I've only watched Late Night show from YouTube but I understand the concept it used to be an institution. I became obsessed with Conan in 2019 in my first year of degree and and a lot has changed since. Great video, Eddy!
if i watch this late at night is this "late night"?
What about a late show but it’s just a clip show of various people going to bed?
Old Eddy boi got that “Brooklinen” font on the Yikes
I'm 90% sure whoever sees that bouquet Eddy dropped off is gonna think someone had died at the Corden Crosswalk
i love your content so much
Late Night has been dead for quite some time. Craig Ferguson and Conan were the final bastions imo.  SNL stopped being funny when all the guys like Bill Hader, Fred Armison, Will Forte, Andy Samberg and Bobby Moynihan left.
EDDY BURBACK VIJYA
2014 i watched colbert every morning. late 2015 started to be ike uh ok we can make fun of politics thats fine, ill just skip the same joke ive already heard 10 times. surely after the election is over itll stop...... i had to stop watching after the 40000th trump impression, i just couldnt do it anymore. and theyd slide them in EVERYWHERE. orange man joke per episode was unbrearable. then tried to watch a couple years ago to see how it had changed, and within 2 minutes i was hit with another one. cant do it anymore.
u look like a cartoon character
That bit where Conan does staff performance reviews and he sweeps all the stuff off the cubicles... I've watched that a dozen times. He does one final swat at the end and it kills me. EDIT: If you're a fan of his podcast and you haven't started listening to "Mallwalkin'" yet, get on it.
Another reason it died is that it's all just sugar-coated cringe or regurgitated CNN stories.  I usually do watch Seth's stuff whenever it comes out because it crosses my feed, but I don't actively seek it out.  Conan adapted and puts out great content and is a person I watch/listen to whenever I see it, rerun or new.  The Daily Show tanked when Noah took over.  It lasted for a little bit before the concept of intellectual satire attacking crucial ideas and critical issues, regardless of what radically leaned idiot preaches them.  After Noah took over, the guests started to skew less and less of authors and something like Jon interviewing them and really exploring deep concepts and turned into having artist/actors come on like any other generic late show.  The best the Daily Show has been in ages has been after Noah left and the cast of the show got their chances to host.  Jordan Klepper would be an amazing host all around being closest to Jon in terms of being a solid comedian that also understand the art of the interview, Desi Lydic would do well if they felt they needed to "break the mold" again on a host, I think Roy Wood Jr. does better as a field reporter, but he did well as temp host, and Ronny Chieng would honestly do well as a host too (although I think, like Roy, his interactions in the field are gold).  None of them felt anywhere near as sugar-coated as Noah was.  Then again, I don't think it would be possible for anyone to beat Jon's latest crusade in being allowed to tear into people with honesty and rationality.
The only time I watched late night TV was when I was 15 (for some reason) and it was only Conan
Eddy's bit about the crosswalk is a sad reminder that morbius and rainforest cafe have completely ruined the pleasure response mechanism in his brain 😢. Get well soon Eddy ❤️
I have been waiting since your last late night upload for another 🤩
Conan was the best host of all time. Nobody will ever be able to replace him. He's seriously just that good.
I'm in New Zealand and we just don't have access to a lot of these shows. So I started to download them (illegally). And it became part of my routine. I'd wake up, put on the previous day's "Daily Show with Jon Stewart" and I'd go through my journal to sort out my day (what I needed to get done). It was a great start to the day. The piracy sources changed the time the video was available and it kind of screwed things up.  The thing I LOVE about late show TV is that they've kind of curated the news into something digestible. I can watch, feel outrage, but also laugh at the absurdity of it all.  Whenever The Daily Show was off for a few weeks I found myself a bit lost. I want to know what's going on in the States because a lot of that stuff is coming here. The same rhetoric, talking points, techniques for capturing the conversation etc. Does it really matter if we're not watching that content on TV? Like if it's on the Internet? The audience changes the vibe a lot for me. The fact that they're a lot freer with putting the content on YouTube nowadays is a great move (although I do worry about YouTube holding all of the cards here).
Omgosh a new video
Great timing and great message at the end
you've heard of disney adults. now get ready for corden crosswalk adults
I would kiss Eddy and I'm a straight male
Didnt know I needed Eddy in a suit. Thank you Eddy
Like you, my favorite late night host is Seth Myers, and I think a lot of that had to do with the fact that he has experience with political comedy and this format because of his position at SNL. He also seems way more real than people like Kimmel or other textbook late night hosts. He also is really helping out his writers during the strike so that’s a big plus.
My 72 year old parents sit down and watch late night. So that’s two people who do…
✊WGA
What a polite crustacean, discussing how his opinions have changed and addressing harsh statements he’s grown out of, good job crab man
REALLLLLLLLLLLLL
The Late Late show with Craig Ferguson was the peak of late night.  He understood the “classic” format and turned it on its head. There was a certain level of not giving a *oh-la-la* energy that he brought to the show that gave it his charm. His interviews were spectacular. his “tweets and emails” segment feels like a precursor to modern YouTube “Q&A videos”. And his monologues typically touched on the days news.
i love stephen colbert don't hurt me
Go woke..go broke
Eddy: Does anyone even watch late night TV anymore?  Me who doesn't have cable: 🛌🏿
Conan is the best we have ever had, and its sad he isn't still in the game.
WOOOOOOOOOOOO go eddyy we love ebward
IMO Jimmy devalues The Tonight Show BIG time, don't know what Lorne was thinking about
Made a vid with the same name like 2 years ago
I still watch them (except Corden), but I'm the oldest 30 year-old out there.
i hope someone was there to witness eddy just walking back and forth across a crosswalk multiple times in LA for no real reason. not the weirdest thing you'll see there, but definitely something.
In Australia we had Conan, Letterman and Craig Ferguson all in a row and I lost so much sleep in high school watching them back to back to back
Let it die.
Cant believe i forgot pedro was in that imagine video 😔
Congrats on the hat!! Difficult to find one that fits that well. And cool vid or whatever
Oh look it’s a little fishy boy
The only one I've watched was Conan.
I might have to go watch a bunch of seth myers after this
Ew, why are they bringing @Midnight back? Even in early high school, that was my alert to turn off the TV and head to bed. Having a bunch of drunk 35 year olds tweet into a live show just does not work.
Diet Jimmy Fallon is the perfect description of James Cordon.
pedro is safe
Saw you at renn faire! I wish i had said hi but i got cold feet 😣
The joker movie really just describes how I feel about Kate night shows. A farce where shitty rich people pretend life is so great while everyone else suffers.
Craig Ferguson and Conan were basically the only good modern late night hosts, no reason to watch these shows now.
I thought this was leading up to praising Conan but I guess Seth is Eddy's main dude. I just don't think Seth's impressions are that funny, often times he drags the bit on until he breaks and laughs at his own joke which gets tiring.
If i ever found myself at that crosswalk while they were filming, I would just lay on the horn.
To give you an idea of how much I don't watch late night shows, this video is the first time I've seen James Corden's face.
Corona only hastened the death, especially with the whole dancing needles and songs about getting vaccines, it was the whole political push even democrats at the end didn't find the jokes funny and it turned almost into a propaganda machine. Instead of being funny it turned into pushing talking points in joke form and it just wasn't funny, most late night shows are supposed to be the news of the day with jokes and whatnot covered in a light hearted way. I used to watch alot of them but I stopped way back before Corona even happened because I just didn't find it as amusing as I used to, luckily I didn't have to watch the death throws and the continuation of devolving into propaganda and when I say propaganda I mean stuff like joking about if trans men should be in wemon sports or just shiting on Trump day after day, and idgaf about either of those things but those are the topics or topics like them that are more controversial that they just kept harping on and I just lost interest it could be because the writers just stopped making funny jokes idk but most people watch them because it's news with jokes and the news was just depressing and repeated and the jokes were just badly written
No one will top Conan O'Brien or Craig Ferguson for me
We salute you, Corden, our fallen brother. Somewhere, down below, he's doing carpool Karaoke with Mussolini and Ronald McDonald. King.
What happened to Colbery post Report is so sad. For 4 or 5 years, he and Jon made a brilliant 1 2 punch on comedy central. They complimented each other so well. And yes, it was so of the kost crestive and clever satires on TV. He was so committed to the bit of him being a far right Fox News pundit, he literally fooled Fox news itself. It was so finely crafted with such purpose and intention behind it. It came to a point that Sephen Colbert was a seperate entity and person to Stephen Colbert. The few times He returned, Colbert would do entire sketches explaining why he wasnt present as Colbert took over the Late Show for a segment. It was masterful. And now it feels like Colbert is gone, and all this is left is Colbert
The best thing about Corden’s time on US television is the fact now all you lot know he’s a c*nt too
thoughts and prayers for eddy's corden crosswalk crossing addiction
Do people even have cable tv anymore
Conan on TBS was fine, but it was nothing compared to his time on NBC. I wish you'd been around to watch it as a kid. Parents watched Leno, I stuck around for Conan.
Shout out to Eddie for being the only young person who cares at all bout late night tv
I didn't think my opinion of James Corden could get any lower... and then you made me aware of the Crosswalk thing.  I don't know if it's a US/UK thing, but as a Brit I find every single one of the "Late Night" hosts amazingly unlikable, I've never understood the appeal of any of them.
You were spot on about late night segments and YouTube. My mom (in her 50s) watches so many clips from Kimmel and The Daily Show that it's shaped her algorithm. I just turned 30 and if I want to watch a skit or interview from a late night show, I just look it up on YouTube instead of staying up and watching live. Also, major props for supporting the Writer's Strike. I support it too because writers are the backbone to our entertainment, whether on TV or streaming and they deserve to have a living wage, residuals that actually mean something and to be treated with dignity. Great video as always, Eddy. Have a good one! ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜👩🏾‍🎤
I loved this video thank you eddy 😁☀️❤️
1:13 you can tell the clapping is fake and it is hilarious 💀💀💀
Was just on vacation in LA and walked the same crosswalk and didn’t even realize it’s historical significance 😂
Conan was the last great host
Yo weird thing, I just got an advertisement for cigarettes? Is that not illegal?????
I love how Corden took the crown from Fallon on being the most disliked late night hosts
As someone with sensory triggers, it really pisses me off that Cordon specifically got balloons to rub together just to make Alice Cooper uncomfortable.   Imagine being on television, and being unexpectedly forced to taste a food you find disgusting or have a bug crawl on you. I’m willing to bet that’s how Cooper felt. Kudos to him for not yelling and running off stage, frankly
finaly a new vid
Just a heads up that Displate often takes art without credit or compensation to the original artist. People may wanna look elsewhere for prints and such.
Surprised Eddy didn't talk about the glory that is The Not Too Late Show with Elmo
Man, I wish I was still so young as to be able to think that the "beginning of the end" of late night happened a couple years ago.
Please make a video about World Peace 🙏🏻🕊️
Thankyou so much for a lot of this video. But especially for actually doing the hopscotch.
I only watched Seth and his “A Closer Look” and “Corrections”segments only on YouTube too and not the whole show either. 27 years old so may be a bit older than your median audience tho Ed’s
Colbert has zero compassion or empathy when it comes to animals.
That prius at the end probably thinks someone died there 😂😂
Some of the best parts of my teenage years was the Conan-Ferguson 1-2 Punch. I would laugh at Conan's creativity on Late Night/Tonight Show, then watch a deconstruction of late night shows, mixed in with genuine moments and interviews with Ferguson. It was such a highlight of two hours at the end of the day. I miss those times.
I didn't know there was a strike going on; I was kind of wondering why I hadn't seen a new closer look pop up in a while.
audio/video sync of eddy segments seems off
i actually watched seth meyers live until i moved out of my moms (i don’t get live tv like that anymore so i can’t) but i still watch his show almost every day
Jimmy Kimmel immediately became my bar none favorite for hiring Lou Wilson from dropout and dimension 20
Steven colbert and jhon Oliver are the only late night shows I like, outside of that idgaf about em
I love listening to the monologues of some of the late night shows, but I don't really have any interest in listening to the guests unless it's someone in particular that I care about. I watch them on YouTube, of course.
I feel like this is the 5th time you’ve made a video about this
eddy I know what youre saying is true but I NEED THIS WRITERS STRIKE TO END AND SOME OF THESE GUYS ARE UP ON THE FRONT LINES
You should look at The Graham Norton Show in the UK. About a minute of jokes at the start and then straight into the guests. It works really well, everything seems genuine and it's very funny
I miss old Colbert.
I really hope someone stopped Eddy on the street to ask who died,
Late Night hasn't been relevant since Conan
I miss Craig Ferguson 😔
Ultimately, Last Week Tonight low key killed the genre. Before, the Daily Show and Colbert report were the flagship and pioneers of this field. But after Sewart left abd LWT started, as much as I did like Noah, it was just head and shoulder obvious which show was better
Song name from the end of the video, please i cant find it.😢
i missed you so much man
I would watch all the late night monologues on youtube religously. I would be waiting at 9pm EST for the Seth Meyers youtube video to release. Then I would wake myself up early so I could watch the others before school since they air on youtube at midnight EST
Why are you supposed to know your cameraman's name? I don't know all of my coworkers names bro i have hundreds
1:10 this entire scene hurt so much to watch
Idk if it was mentioned in the other video, or if it's even a relevant thing in late night  anymore, but think about musical guest being there and performing, or even the studio band performing, as one of the few places in tv where music (even if it's playback) was a somewhat important part in "mainstream television" (bc I am not from the US, I can't judge it). I know theres used to be more programms about music or even concerts being shown, but that was mostly left behind in the last century/ only brought up for special days/events. Music television? Either anything but music or being a very very niche thing, ). With music videos uploaded, or more importantly streaming and social media there's probably no need to make tv apperances to promote songs/albums, but speaking as someone who likes alternatives versions of songs+ someone who cares about archival (there are so many clips from german tv around the seventies/eighties) I miss that music aspect, even if I never was a big late night tv watcher. Idk if this wall of text makes sense for anybody else but I do sometimes think about that.
Three Eddy Burback videos in less than 6 months. Quit spoiling us
well this is how i found out that ziwe got cancelled :/  great video eddy!
Quality video eddy
Stephen Colbert is by far my favorite! John Oliver for cable!
These shows have great bits and the writing is at least ok for the worst of them, but the hosts just aren’t likable and the celebrities never say anything interesting. They’ve become platforms for celebrities to advertise themselves and their movies instead of being an opportunity for normal people to hear celebrities in a more casual setting.
Damnnn Eddy, awesome video! Good job :)
I love the merch Eddy!! I’m so excited to get another yikes shirt! :)
8:08 Jesus Christ.. i didnt knew i could dislike this guy even more
One of the biggest moments of Colbert for me personally is when he asked Keanu what happens when we die, perhaps setting up for a more or less simple answer of how Reeves feels about the afterlife, but instead it allowed Reeves to draw on his experiences and respond "I know that the people who love us will miss us", and while that may not seem particularly deep to some people to those who have experienced such close familial loss (including both Reeves and Colbert), it was a deeply poignant moment of wisdom that isn't often heard in a late night interview. I had recently lost my brother at the time that clip surfaced and it hit me in the same way it hit Colbert in that moment. Sure I may not laugh at all his segments, but I really appreciate that moment happening.
James not knowing the names of camera men was insane to me
Everyone deserves fair pay for fair work. That said. Late night TV is for boomers, Gen-x'rs and Millennials with corporate brain rot. If you're even remotely awake you're not watching that drivel. (sans the colbert era of course)
Carson the Letterman then Conan... case and point. https://youtu.be/y6LuwU3LPLE
Eddy, such a legend.
I am from South Africa so most of this means nothing to me, I just really enjoy the productive that Eddy puts on
Another eddy vid
“i like to pretend pedro wasn’t in that video” you’re so real for that
i miss jon stewart
The only good late night show we lost was Conan. R.I.P.
Another banger thank you Mr burback
eddy gets sexier with every passing second
woow youre soooooooo funnyy ahaha!!! you aree soooo funny haha
I think the only reason I would watch Kimmel is to support Lou Wilson. Because Lou Wilson is the Goat
This feels very full circle because the late night video was how i discovered Eddy. 😂❤😢 don't mind me just a bit emotional
when you eat a burger you MUST get hairs in your mouth right? cuz i do
i am an overweight person too. james has always given me the impression of someone who is superficial enough to crave popularity, and to be liked by the people he doesnt like himself due to their meanness - and he felt the only way to make sure not the be picked on too much for his looks was pretending to be a kind or nice person. stephen colbert, conan, seth, trevor and jimmy kimmel seem to be genuinely kind, protective of others, aware of their privilege. james, not so much.
I’d be furious seeing Corden in front of me, but I’d gladly sit and watch Eddie cross the street several times
Eddie nobody knows who Seth Myers is anymore there's your answer
i pretty much only watch full episodes of late night anymore cuz i love lou wilson LMAO
I quit watching late night when Craig Ferguson left. Since then all of the late night shows are hosted by douche bags.
Very much enjoyed this. Please release more content bud. I know it’s easier said than done, as a lot goes into one vid but still…moooreeee
i like steven colbert ice cream flavor
The hopscotch bit was top notch
Late night has been pretty unwatchable since Conan left. Fergusson was the GOAT.
Jay Leno: I retired twice! Terry Funk: Awww. That's Adorable.
I was spoiled, the late night hosts of my teenage years were Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Conan, and Craig Ferguson. They all fucked with the formula in their own ways and made their shows unique to them. No one's doing that anymore except for Seth Meyers, who I do watch on actual tv every night. He completely stopped giving a fuck during the quarantine and they barely stick to the traditional format anymore. Corrections is 😙👌 and I love to see them double down on shit they think is funny, regardless of the audience reaction. The other shows' strict adherence to the formula is what's killing them. Also the fact that Amber Ruffin still doesn't have a nightly show is a fucking crime.
Cordon is such a joyless little worm
wga !!!!!!
STOP BEING SO ENTERTAINING
RIP Eddy. He was swallowed by his very nice new hat.
imma be real, literally the only late night shows that i watch/watched were the daily show when it was hosted by jon stewart and last week tonight. its such a specific brand of humour that resonated with me and my family, and none of us really cared about the celebrity stuff, it was mostly the news and social commentary
The end to the trilogy
The only late night content I consume is YouTube clips of Colbert’s house band. Goddamn that’s a good band.
No mention over the obsession with trump?
im angry at how i almost believed that this was sponsored by old navy
I remember during the height of BLM protests instead of discussing black struggles himself, Seth Meyers let Amber Ruffin talk about her experiences with racism. I really respect him for that.
As a young person without cable, I've never watched Late Night live or on TV. I've only experienced it on Youtube. I'm still a fan of late night, but I do agree that because of streaming and internet, the cable part of late night TV is dying. But I still want to watch online if they continue after the strike in a few months. Please go support the writers of late night in WGA!
honestly with Kimmel I'll take neutral and non-offensive over whatever tf the man show was  with Colbert I love the man but I agree his comedy as himself is.... def not for me. there were times where it really put me off him for a while. the political trump stuff. it was just standard liberal stuff that annoys the hell out of me  literally the only late show I could ever get into was tds tbh. and even more so since quarantine. it shifted in a way ya know?
As a kid I used to sneak down the stairs and watch Jack Paar and Steve Allen through the banister on the stairwell. I was totally in love with Johnny Carson. Of the crop that came right after Johnny, Letterman was a complete jerk, and Jay Leno was corny and got stale really fast. Hack. Of the current group of late-night hosts, I have to disagree with your assessment. Seth Meyers is enjoyable, but Stephen Colbert is goddamn Pitch-Perfect. Perfect-Pitch --Perfect-Pitch. Of course Colbert came out of Jon Stewart's Daily Show, which was also Pitch-Perfect.  However, I could only stand to watch The Colbert Report occasionally as it was too close to the reality of Fox News.   * (See clip below for more clarification.) On Late Night, Colbert makes his background in philosophy evident every night. And while he may not do the acting bits like Johnny's, Mighty Carson Art Players, he has been increasingly adding his own vocalization to the show--notably when he did a musical number with David Byrne. And the relationship he has had with his two  bandleaders has been a thing of beauty to watch as he nurtures these performers into becoming the best version of themselves that they can be. His bandleader is his de facto co-host, which is probably why his show has a much more musical inclination. I cut the cord two decades ago, so I watch everything on YouTube as well. As for the writers strike, go writers; go Union! And you're 26‽!  😮 Yikes.  Time to take stock of your lifestyle habits.  I thought you were much older. I'm not saying this to be mean. I would like to see your talents around for a very long time. *https://www.youtube.com/live/zuYcfINA6S4?feature=share&t=5309Pitch-
I don’t know about Corden. I read he wanted more money and thats why he left.  The crosswalk musicals are funny. You should have danced across the crosswalk.  My 2 favs are seth and kimmel.
James Cordon you toggaf
“Babe, wake up Eddy Burback posted a new video!” (she is dead now and I have dementia)
The final in the trilogy
Eddy, you're such a gem. Great crosswalk bit.
get eddy on the late late show
I’m so glad you brought up the quarantine singing video. I remember so distinctly completely changing my view on celebrities and celebrity culture after that video!
Thanks for the birthday present eddy, I actually loved your 2019 vid so this genuinely is awesome
The sequel we didn’t know we needed
Completely agree about Colbert. I love Colbert and I NEVER watch his show 😅
another banger
Oh boy my favorite late night show that's during the day, the Eddy Burback Show!
PlutoTV and TubiTV is where it's at! As a 21 year old I only need live tv to watch SpongeBob or Atla
Late night tv got ruined with people pushing their political agenda. This and bad writing.
I was craving a classic Eddy video and this is just what I needed. Wish the podcast was still here though
lol you got me good with "thank you for making it easy to leave" in the lyrics as the camera zooms in on James Corden's face, *Geoff's kiss*
Seth Meyers is absolutely the best late night host on air. His crew is great, he’s clearly the most left leaning economically, and corrections is a fantastic way to keep people engaged
Long live Craig Ferguson, he is extremely underrated and had the best late show there ever was.
Eddy's hair is looking majestic af
Me thinking about how the person in the car at the crosswalk 100% thinks you're giving flowers to a dead relative or friend 💀
way to litter eddy
shocked to not see eddy touch on the state of seth meyers’ corrections segment. it’s only gotten better since its inception and seth’s rapport with his fans and crew is phenomenal every time. it’s a hard buy in for new viewers, requiring you to watch EVERY prior episode to understand a new one (no joke), but i think that’s kind of a great sign. seth clearly cares more about having fun and making something entertaining than making it wildly successful. the energy in the room is palpable every time, and i’m so charmed by the decision to keep filming corrections without an audience in the room, even once the audience came back to the rest of the show. seth is easily the best late night host still sticking around and i hope that he continues onto something just as great whenever he steps down. proud to be a jackal
My favorite part of every 6 month period of my life is the one time Eddie uploads
I love Jimmy Kimmel because of how much he exposes Trump's bullshit. But out of all the hosts I prefer Jimmy Fallon just because of the games he plays with celebs. Seth Meyers is my least favorite of the bunch I just don't really find him that funny for some reason.
Insightful and entertaining! Nice job, Eddy!
Union Strong!! Support the WAG and support the YIKES babey
What’s the background song playing at 4:00
You forgot to mention how james corden tried to lower the pay for his writers so that he could hire more writers at a lower pay scale.   He's definitely someone that won't be missed by crew, writers, or show watchers
Colbert’s political opinions are DNC authorized talking points. They are mouthpieces for the powerful
I found this really interesting being about 35 myself.  I wonder how you might see things differently having really grown up with Jay Leno, John Stuart, and Jimmy Kimmel on the ManShow, plus early days of adult swim aka home movies, not to mention 90's SNL which is different but kinda the same.  I think this change has been really long coming, Jay Leno has a great reputation now but the whole time he was on TV the idea was "he's no Johnny Carson", and even adult swim has changed a lot, we just don't collectively gravitate to these central hubs anywhere, the audience is broken up over different platforms with so many different choices.  I remember growing up with FM radio and cable TV, everyone was consuming the same stuff and so everyone could talk to anyone about popular culture, now the culture has no real identity other than consumerism,
I don’t tend to watch many of these but I do enjoy Stephen Colbert. Fun fact, his brother was my 8th grade history teacher.
The only time I watch late night is when a singer I love is on there and even then I only watch that part of it
Late night died when Craig Ferguson left
I ever since i heard the news about the strike i was waiting for a video about it from you 😂
Somehow I knew this was coming, not the late night stuff but Eddie making a video on late night shows since a writers strike happened
You're really good at merch ads. First timer, congratulations.
Conan goated with the sauce
damn
I wouldn't say Colbert is actually all that good at developing characters, just look at Fairview
that alice cooper bit made me extremely fucking uncomfortable. why would you do that to somebody
I miss the Patriot Act with Hasan. That was such a good show.
24:30 is that how you went to prom?
i LOVE your content please post more 😭
Who even uses crosswalks like why is jaywalking a thing
This video was deeper than expected. Thank you for not being Buzzfeed lite.
I don’t think we expect absolute perfection, I think we expect them to be funny. Taking cheap shots at political low hanging fruit is not funny. And even if you were to do political humor, there are millions of angles that you can use instead of the party line orange man bad, “X” person good
Hey, I'm 60 and it's been years since I've watched a late night talk show as it airs on t.v. ; I grew up staying awake watching Carson and Merv, that's how old I am. Instead, these days I pick and choose from the shows' YouTube channel segments that seem interesting or fun, but mostly, I stick with just the monologues. I do love The Roots and miss the energy they bring to Fallon. I'm most bummed when Seth or Colbert are on vacation and I'm short content to watch when I get back home after my morning drive. I do live for Conan Needs A Friend YouTube clips with Sona & Matt and usually enjoy watching those with my son.  I'm still awake past midnight each night... I might actually start watching @midnight when the new show returns. I became a big fan of Chris's after watching interviews with Craig Ferguson. One of my personal Fun Facts, was getting a mention during the first week of @midnight with my submission, "Cream o" Wil Wheaton."  Good times.
Just pick something you can afford and tolerate it. And have some in joy mint out of it.
Let me put itnone more way damned if you do damned if you don't.
BABE WAKE UP! NEW EDDY!
Great video, Eddy.
Only ever really watched Conan on a schedule. The man is hilarious.
Conan and Colbert are the only late night hosts who I truly like because I don’t think theyre secretly a psychopath
Like a month ago when Jimin from BTS was on Jimmy Fallon for an interview, and I watched it on peacock. I hadn’t watched late night stuff in years, and the last person I would have seen regularly was Conan. I LITERALLY had to skip straight to Jimin after 5 minutes because I could not stand any of the bits or jokes. I like Jimmy as like, a guy, bc he seems genuine in getting to know the guests, but not really as a host or comedian. It was just so cringeworthy. Last Week Tonight with John Oliver is the closest I get to watching a “late night” thing regularly, and It’s really not even late night tv. it’s not live, he doesn’t even do interviews or games or sketches, its basically just humorous, impeccably-written news recaps and I adore it.  Eddy I haven’t finished the video, if you dunk on John in front of me, I’m going to send a strongly worded letter to the PO Box
For my money, Craig Ferguson is the all-time greatest host of late night TV, ever. The fact his replacement was the all-time worst is a stain the format will never recover from.
It doesn't help when so many of them are those "holier-than-thou" types who are actual douchebags in real life. Like how many times do we need to see somebody claiming the moral high ground until people either realize or out the host as an insufferable prick? It's the same shit you see from terminally online people.  On top of that, a lot of the hosts are nothing more than mouthpieces for corporate America.
Political biases also draw people away from the shows.
I had a dream once where me and some friends beat up James Corden on stage. That was a pleasant dream.
Cordan being “diet jimmy Fallon” is extremely ironic..
You should do a video on conan
Now that Trevor Noah's gone, I literally just watch Last Week Tonight on YouTube at this point.
I liked the late late night show 😭
I always find it interesting when John Oliver isn't mentioned in these sorts of discussion. That show really has changed what late night TV can be  Edit: OK, it got a quick mention!
Chills bro
“James has always seemed like the diet Jimmy Fallon” diet huh
20:00
"Welcome back to YIKES TONIGHT. I'm your host, Eggy Burgerback."
Seth Meyers is great though
I keep thinking he's gonna hand it off to Tony at the end of every sentence
Don't forget the time James Corden showed up (uninvited, I think?) with his producer to a meeting of writers to advocate for hiring new writers and *not paying them the same rate.* They tried to play it off as like a way to give unseasoned writers a chance on the big shows but...just give them a job on your show! Why pay them less? Thankfully the WGA was *not* having it.
I'm so glad you mentioned Stephen Colbert's emotional maturity. As a fellow fan of the Colbert Report growing up, his comedy on his late night show never drew me in, but there are still interviews he did that I'll regularly go back to watch because of how deep and honest he can get with his guests (the John Mulaney one comes to mind especially)
Also, the writers are bad at their jobs and overpaid
at 10:23 he sounds kinda like mordecai regular show
Everyones likes to crap on Leno.  Every story has two sides.  Leno didn’t want to retire the first time. The network told him that he was retiring.  Coco’s Late Night contract was coming do and his team demanded that he would get the Tonight Show in 5 years if he was to resign.  NBC agreed.  Sometime later Craig Ferguson’s Late Late show started getting good ratings and Conan’s went down slightly. NBC panicked and and offered Jay the time slot before the tonight show so he could be a lead into Conan’s Tonight show.  Conan’s tonight show numbers weren’t great so NBC panicked and took the show away from him and gave it back to Jay.
*went to YouTube in the late 2000s to get away from Talk Show stuff. It's boring and safe. Liked the weirdos that were on here before Talk Shows forced themselves onto the platform since 2015*
TIL Trevor Noah left the Daily Show.  huh.
I'm English and could hear you shit talk James Corden all day. Patreon-only gift when?
That’s not Corden’s crosswalk! That’s the same corner you line up at for The Price is Right.  Just when I thought I couldn’t hate him any more…
Eddy claiming to be a 'young person' is endlessly funny to me
I miss Craig Ferguson
Jimmy Fallon is always a good time
Late night died for me when Craig Ferguson left. I still go back and watch old interviews and skits, on YouTube. Even back in the day when it was still on the air, I'd watch TLLS the next day on YouTube.
i miss trevor noah sm
i hope the card on those flowers said some shit like "stay dead fucker"
id really love to see eddy's take on the pete holmes show and why it failed.
love the merch but I’m a broke student so add +1 on sales in spirit
My problem with the new Colbert show is the band. The head of the band is just constantly laughing way too loud in the background, or shouting, "oh damn, that's it, that's right," etc. He's like that one uncle you can't take to the movies.
Folks on late night that I want to see keep going because of how amazingly talented they are: Seth Meyers, Amber Ruffin, John Oliver, and Ziwe. Plus someone give shows to Dulce Sloan and Roy Wood Jr! I want to see these folks succeed in either continuing the shows they already have or get given shows that are able to better adapt to the online/streaming space.
Not a fan of late night TV but Conan is the GOAT
This has nothing to do with anything, but I love that the Johnny Carson clip you used has the BeeGees in it.
It's not "late night" it's "television", everywhere in the world.
As someone with the same weird reaction to baloons rubbing together that is also a strict pacifist, if someone deliberately rubbed baloons in my face I would throw hands
I still ❤ late night TV! Yes, TV.   TBH, I don't really watch TV  much, but I do love them.
another banger. eddy never misses😤😤😤  also that hat is not nearly big enough
That's because they are objectively shitty shows
Isn't this Youtube channel your own LateNightShow technically speaking, Eddy ?
13:37 Was Hilary edited by a Trumper to have Fly land on her face really the best clip you could find of her?  Or is it intentional?
fyi: the people singlehandedly keeping late night alive are my parents <3
I just want you to know that you look incredibly similar to CinnamonToastKen and that's actually how I discovered your channel was I clicked on it by accident, love your stuff though 🤣
BLIMEY 'ARRY
I miss Craig Ferguson as the Late Late show host
*_GOOD_*
Jimmy Fallon I watch rest suck
Podcasts and other media has made clear how manufactured late night is so it’s like watching a commercial for a celebrity. You learn nothing it feels stiff half the time it’s clear your host doesn’t know the talent but both are selling the talents work it’s not even thinly veiled it serves no value as a viewer
jon stewart also has a new show that's really good if anyone hasnt heard about it yet
I remember in the first 6 months to a year when Jimmy falon used to be ACTUALLY funny now hes just trying WAY to hard to appeal to more people and be more funny ive only seen a couple clips from back then and now but he just looks washed up and  trying way to hard
Wasn’t prepared for such an emotional ending. Bravo!
I can’t get over these are on basically every night, in the UK they keep trying but they always do bad the only interview shows are  Graham Norton, Big Nasty and Jonathan Ross but they are once a week and in seasons
Really good video but the crosswalk bit was lame
For the longest time all I knew about james cordon was he was famous and an asshole, but I just though he was some actor and never even knew he had a late night show lol
It is sad it was so funny now the only good ones left are the once a week talk show host like John Oliver
I watch Eddy because he is cute 😊
John Oliver isn't a late night show? He's just on the youtube's i guess? I did not know. 😐
HOW DARE YOU NOT TALK ABOUT GUILLERMO! THAT IS JIMMYS WHOLE SHOW!
I can't believe Eddy made a half hour video just to use as an excuse so he could litter on a street corner. Disappointing.
26 ! 😮 I thought guy you were 40 years old. 😂 Must be that moustache. 🧔‍♂️ Great video, well thought out and explained. 👏👍👏
i think eddy nailed it when the pandemic just turned young audience from late night content — i was such an avid watcher of stephen colbert and trevor noah’s show (on youtube, we were firmly a no cable family) but something about the pandemic (and maybe the transition to a new presidency) just made me never click on a late night show clip again
good movie
7 mins in, im thinking this will be a good video, Then I hear "at this point Gordon's show had been running for over two years as the host, to not even know the names of your crew may have been played off as a joke in the moment but is wildly unacceptable behavior" This comment reeks of a person who has never worked before. You are an outsider projecting their feelings on people you don't know. idc how good this video is. The immaturity is too embarrassing to sit through.
Brooo eddy ending it with some solidarity good shit badass
The problem isn't late night tv. The problem is comedy in general. People just seem uninterested in comedic tv and movies. Even some more comedic YouTube channels are declining (not necessarily in quality but more so in popularity/views). As a comedy nerd this makes me sad. I'd hate to see a day when comedy is regulated solely to tiktok and other meme culture.
Jimmy Fallon lives near me in locust valley in Long Island and he goes to a restaurant named Basil Leaf Cafe pretty frequently.
trevor noah is what killed it in my opinion.  his takes were so far left he couldnt even see right.
This is sad because I was hoping to cast Eddy in something sometime in the future
Jimmy kimmel is someone I find indistinguishable from Jimmy Fallon until they’re juxtaposed.
Anyone know the song at the end?
Late night died with Norm's passing
I’m really glad you mentioned Colbert’s vulnerability and compassion. His interview with Anderson Cooper still makes me emotional
@Midnight is getting a reboot?! They better have Chris Hardwick back as the host!  * *Edit:* * He's not :(
the only late night show i watched was craig ferguson, and it wasn't something i went out of my way to watch, usually if i had nothing else to do
eddy you’ve gotten so fit wow rooooocking that merch fr
Eddy’s work is incredible, this video was SO good.
I haven't watched cable TV since 2010, I will never go back. I hate watching ads.
Comment for the algorithm
Uve always been more of a Craig Ferguson fan myself
The crosswalk bit was so stupid and I loved it!
was really hoping youd show the smiling friends jimmy fallon
Really if you really think about it payed streaming tv is just modern day cable or satellite. And you don't think it will get reaized and ads in it 🤣 good luck. It's thos simple either do a tax for tv like Canada or do the old good us way deal with the ads and not pay a tax. Think about it.
NFTs died so fast lol
"The new diverse late night lineup"  [3 of the hosts are named James]
Despite being Late Night being dead  And despite how fucking far John Oliver can get on tangents and segways sometimes.   Last Week still holds up on YouTube tbh. Literally any topic he discussed from 8 yrs ago to now still hold up.
I only try to watch the live performances on those shows tbh 😅
Eddy Burback, you're always worth the wait!
something about the colbert clips he chose reminds me of caesar flickerman
What a magnificent moustache! Truly epic proportions, better than any 70's porn star.
You can’t make James Corden look like a monster, he did that himself
Thanks for giving us something during the writers strike.
The problem with late night tv and tv in general is the broadcast system that can only present on program at a time. Streaming offer a plethora, not only of piñatas, of content for everyone simultaneously.
I like to watch the occasional late night clip on youtube and most of the hosts I really like, but Colbert's skit with the dancing vaccines made me cringe so hard I quit watching his clips. Like I got second hand embarrassment from it.
Conan's travel specials have always been something my dad and I sat down and watched when we had a moment together.  What really sucks now is, now that I've moved out, I don't even know if they're still coming out
that single bouquet left on the Corden Crosswalk makes it seem like someone got hit there and died
I think that internet based media consumption isn't the sole cause of the decline of Late Night shows. I think that the broader fracturing of the monoculture that existed in America from the 70's-2000's is the main driver. There is so much content being produced on the whole that it is basically impossible to watch/listen to all of it, and consumers have the ability to choose their own media cocoons; blocking out all the other aspects of broader pop culture they don't want to interact with. All of this contributes to an environment where late night shows can't maintain their relevance if they want to exists as a pop culture variety show. There just isn't enough interesting content for an individual to watch a whole of episode of late night and "mass appeal" as a concept is not as powerful as it once was.
I stopped watching late night TV when Craig Ferguson quit. Someone I know loved Colbert Report and I couldn't stand it. I never thought the dude was funny.
Modern writers are so garbage, everything sucks and its their fault, cannot empathize with them, hope they get replaced by AI, fuck it, use chat gpt for your jokes.
Rip Ziwe 😢
Fallon looks like ted mosby from How I met your mother, and Im ok with blaming him with everything wrong in the world
One moment from Colbert that I remember particularly impressing me was when he had Ted Cruz on, and while the audience booed him he took a moment to remind his audience that he’s a guest and they had to treat him as such.
Pretty simple why late night talk shows are failing. They use to be funny and entertaining.  Now they are just leftist propaganda wokeness advertisements.
Craigy Ferg rules forever. And ever. And ever...
I love love love that kimmel is just sinisterly laughing after asking that question because he just knows corden doesnt know.
The last late night shows I watched, like actually stayed up to watch or recorded to watch, were Late Late show with Craig Ferguson and Conan O'Brian.
For me, Conan and Craig Ferguson were the only Late Night hosts worth my time.
I immediately never watched any Kimmel video again after he spat out a major spoiler for X-Men Dark Phoenix when he had the cast on and they were all in shock. Yes, the movie sucked in the end, but it's a thing about principle - if you spoil stuff, I'll stop watching you ;) and it wasn't the first time he spoiled something.
the bored ape nft is so cringe, honestly
Good content 🤣 sorry. It's just like regular tv but just a cover charge at least that's what i think streaming is to me.
Seth is the only one I watch anymore. I definitely agree about colbert.
This is my favorite reoccurring video series
I’m usually a very calm person but if anybody, ESPECIALLY James Corden, were to step onto the hood of my car, I’m throwing hands.
You forgot to mention that Corden advocated to pay his writers LESS
The fill your guts Jimmy Kimmel bit was so funny because he checkmate the entire time pissing Corden off the entire time
Phenomenal video, as always. Thank you for supporting the WGA!
Im glad you can afford streaming im poor. Sow there goes me.
best 30 minute lunch i’ve had in a minute. thanks for the video big boy
Eddy lookin good these days
Craig Ferguson is a god damn GEM!!! Also, Jimmy Falon is a phoney and a hack.
Omg that ending had me cackling
Eddy advocating for the writers strike! Fuck yeah man. ✊
Goodbye James corden
Long live the writers. For late night specifically, 2001-2010 was something I watched every night.
The interesting thing is now YouTubers like you are the mainstream media in any young persons life. While working for tv would be awesome. The production value of these videos is so high and frankly it would be more exciting to meet a guy like Eddy then Jimmy Fallon personally.
Truth be told, I'd be more supportive of the writers guild, if it wasn't for the fact that, most modern media be it movie, comic or tv series are truly bad, because the "writers" on the production team suck ass.
I just watch it on YouTube because I can't stay up. Sadly I should be able to but I can't. Got to love family I think it will still be there considering how much the streaming service are  me I can't afford it. I'm good with YouTube and satellite and TV antenna and I'm good. The devil's we now sadly.
You got to do a video about last week tonight
Weirdly I live in the UK and watch Stephen Colbert before I go to work at 6am!
Hang on, this motherfucker is 26? nice video, I agree.
had a brief moment of complete terror when you started putting the suit on where i thought you were about to announce your own late night show a la liza koshy
Jimmy Kimmel let mutemath do that insane backwards version of typical so he gets a pass from me
your fly was down at 23:05
The biggest problem I have with Both Fallon and Kimmel is how representative their show became for the corporatization of YouTube. They seem like perfectly fine guys and even their shows themselves are usually pretty good but they ended up being pushed so aggressively on YouTube for a time that it's completely turned me away from them. I'm just tired of seeing them *everywhere*
Of all problems with late night shows lack of diversity is not one of them
That ending really got me 🤣 I've been watching late night since i was too young to be watching late night, Conan was my favorite but I love Seth. I always have since SNL and during quarantine his A Closer Look was the only palatable way to hear the news sometimes. He does seem to have such a genuine relationship with his staff too.
you have an incredible moustache. im not into facial hair myself but damn... you really look good on it mr. Keep the fun coming, !
But without cable how do you come across new programs, things you wouldn't have watched if you weren't doing something with the tv on in the background ? How do you consume news ? Do you only eat what you already know too ?
The death of most of late night TV was no one’s fault, but the hosts of the show themselves constant left leaning bullshit and Trump this and Trump that nonsense did nothing because people are rolled her eyes and they’re sick of it
I grew up watching Conan. I might not have caught the very first episode, but I did start watching in the first year. I remember When Andy left and Max's whole family came on, naked. Man I wish I could watch all the old eps.
thanks eddy needed this  edit: where the fuck is the red couch
I think the shows are just not funny conan was truly the last funny host  The jokes are too safe and inoffensive to make anyone laugh  or they become too political on one side  like colbert or seth where i can see the joke coming a mile away  whatever you say about leno he was very funny same with craig
3:35 bruh not march 23 that's my bday
I watch every video Seth Meyers posts on YouTube, religiously.  I miss them when they're not posted daily.  He's the best.
didn’t expect a half hour long diss track on Jimmy Hostman but it was heat 🗣 🔥 💯
Been waiting for this one
I didn’t know Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon were different people
OK when are going to celebrate the death of late night talk shows
Conan would have done great on the Tonight Show longterm imo. Such a shame. Major disrespect from Jay.
Just look at the thumbnail picture of the late night hosts and you can see exactly why they are failing. they are not funny. All they can do is bash Trump. People are sick of it.
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson is very good, Craig is very quick and a good conversationalist. However, because of his charisma and tendency to crack dirty jokes, he earned a reputation of being “a big flirt” and some people started watching it to have “better game” 😅 so sometimes I feel embarrassed to say that I like the show because of some unsavory fans
Great video, but I think you forgot to mention The Adam Friedland show, the new cornerstone of center left television.
Okay, so im not able to click the Bell to get notifications of your uploads, error here and on your profile it says that the functionality is disabled on channels for Kids? Wtf?
With that NFT bit on Fallon, you could practically hear the electric current run through “applause” sign
I like the idea of a homeless dude watching Ed walk back and forth on the Corden Crosswalk like 17 times
dude you are absolutely dreaming if you think I watch tiktoks of Jimmy Fallon. that's a big no from me.
The fact that lily sighns chick couldn't beat these dried up old mens late night show is really telling.
I dont want to defend James Corden but I've seen Conan not know his camera people multiple times. like the time he didn't know he had a stoner, or someone who liked his wife behind the camera.
really loved this video :) great work man
Just came here to the comments to acknowledge that the first audio clip in this video can also be heard at the very end of Conan's podcast episodes as part of an ad for Stitcher. Not sure if that was intentional but either way I love it. Okay, I'll watch the video now...
as a former tmw manager, why tf yoou shopping there eddy
Solidarity with the workers of the world! ✊
I remember when Jimmy Fallon was Diet Adam Sandler.
People are just going to think someone dies at that corner recently now with the flowers.
I've watched every vid you've made and I think this might be your best yet, good shit dude
I stopped watching late night shows when the Colbert report and John Stewart ended
I think Colbert does fine I enjoy his interviews a lot and some of his jokes still hit for me but man I just miss Conan :(
The threequel.....
I don't think people care enough about celebrities anymore to watch Late Night shows. Late Night hosts aren't that funny either. Or even likeable in most cases.   Late Night shows have to compete with infinitely generated, funny and cheap content produced by everyone in the world at all times of the day on sites/apps like youtube, twitter and tiktok. There is no competition. Late Night either can't adapt or won't adapt.   I think it's great. Honestly most TV show hosts seem like disingenuous sociopaths. I grew up watching late night, comedy central, snl, network television and all of that stuff and I'm glad that media is more decentralized now. Hollywood/NY/celebrity culture has been vapid and toxic for a long time. It needed to be dethroned.   I almost never watch tv shows anymore and I feel 500% more entertained and well-informed than I ever was 15 years ago when I watched tv regularly.
Conan is still and always will be the 🤴king
The Andrew Garfield Steven Colbert segment is one of the most stunning clips I've ever seen. I'd reccomend everyone, dealing with loss or not, watch it.
9:20 "get off the car dude what are you doing" made me lose my mind
Late night shows are so comforting to me. I have such a warm place in my heart for the current hosts.
omg pedro was in the imagine video 😭
What does it say that half of the late night hosts in the thumbnail have now left their late night show? 😂
What’s the money line on that being the first suit Eddy’s ever bought
Eddy’s late night trilogy are the Star Wars sequels we should have gotten
“What punishments from God are not gift?”   omg that Stephen Colbert clip is so raw
Thankfully the adam friedland show is coming to save late night
i do remember being excited by jimmy fallon in the beginning because he had on a lot of bands to perform based on hype and not if they were on major labels. it was one of the ways i was introduced to odd future, and i remember talking with my partner at the time about how exciting it was that this mainstream show was allowing for more underground artists. but even that isn't a sell for these shows any more with how accessible finding new music can be. also fuck james corden and fuck jay leno, keep up the absolutely excellent work, eddy!
"servers are always accomodating for allergies"  maybe in america where they can get sued, but definetly not everywhere
I stopped caring about late night shows when Conan’s show ended, no one else can even hold a candle to his show
Didn’t even mention The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo getting canceled after only 2 seasons.. smh I thought you were better than this (joking)
Eddy looking pretty good these days
Conan was very much a staple in my childhood. I think he is like my favorite, or at least one of them.
Showing me that NFT segment feels like a personal attack, Eddy.
I have cable but I'm an avid wrestling fan and it happens to be the only way to see some AEW content right now, overall with so many streaming services offering live TV now it's becoming more and more dated
cody ko also posted a video within the same hour, with a vary similar thumbnail & i thought they were both posting a video about the finale of milf manor
The hopscotch won the "like".
Live TV is pretty much over, but sadly it's because streaming services have decided to turn back into TV instead of being the thing everyone liked them for.
this is how I fucking find out that the john cena dancing meme is from the TONIGHT SHOW
Many people forget: you can apply up to three slurp juices to each ape.
THANK YOU for going into the writers strike! Television and streaming are changing rapidly, and greedy execs are using those changes to take advantage of the creatives that are the back bone of the production pipeline by doing massive layoffs then rehiring for low pay, refusing to increase minimum raises fairly, and implementing/investing in AI to "hopefully" replace their jobs all together while using their previous work as fodder for the code. It's already affecting more than just writers so we can expect to see even more union strikes about the same thing, and supporting them is so important! Great quality vid as usual eddy! keep it up
If there’s one thing Eddys gonna do its gonna be bringing it everytime
Colbert and Meyers are the best
The podcast boom of the past few years has been great when it comes to celebrity interviews. There's no overblown sketches, no getting dolled up to talk to someone for 15 minutes, no having to wait until the audience stops unrealistically laughing. These interview podcasts are more casual, personal and feel like real conversations. Those that film their podcasts show that the guests usually just wear their comfort clothes for when they're not working. The conversations are more focused on the guest as a person than as a celebrity. They just seem to be far more charming to me than all these late night shows.   There are a lot of good interview podcasts, but my go to is Inside of You with Michael Rosenbaum which I feel perfectly captures the overall vibe of these podcasts.
I love john oliver
Man...I miss Letterman and Ferguson.
YouTube is my late night tv
james corden left on my birthday ❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️🪑‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️ yay ‼️
i wish you'd talked a bit about Amber Ruffin, cause she's hilarious and doing new stuff with the format!
James Corden is a bellend, love from the UK
wow such a great video i really love whenever you're uploading a new video
I truly do not know how I would react if James Corden climbed onto the hood of my car
I actually really enjoy Steven Colbert (probably because my dad loves him)
I love Stephen Colbert, but I've always felt like he does not go deep on interviews unless he is personally interested in the person. I've ran into multiple of his interviews where he just has no chemistry, and it feels like he doesn't really make an effort to build chemistry or truly host people he doesn't really know.   Unrelated- I also feel like I've seen Kimmel be a total dick on air on more than one occasion.
I think Steve Carell should play Alice Cooper in a biopic.
u have such a pretty mustache
I like talk shows
I watch tv for football and play off basketball
That one video is my favourite thing cause it’s so deaf that it’s hilarious
This should've come with a warning: "Lethal levels of cringe, do not watch if you or a loved one has a history of cringe sensitivity"
I wanna hear u bark
I like Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers.  Other peeps?  Eh, maybe.
As a 20something not living in the US and who never cared for television, I am used to watching late night shows on YouTube only. I religiously watch Seth Meyers and Colbert monologues every morning. But the fact that the shows don't remind me of online content is the reason I like them. I am so tired of reacts and shorts and fukken social media. Anything but that. I am glad they do news jokes on these shows, I rather live under a rock than go on twitter.
Plot Twist: Seth Meyers was the true heir to the daily show with John Stewart
Eddy, Craig Ferguson was British.
Oh also I've been binge watching Conan's YT channel for 2 weeks straight.
Let's talk about Last Week Tonight, the one late night show you need to watch 👏 ❤️
ooo I cant afford your merch right now so I hope that green shirt will still be available in a few months! love the lil flowers - I was so excited to get your sweatshirt last time but I find I dont wear it because the fabric attracts too much pet hair (my fault I have alot of pets haha) but some fabric is worse than others - so excited to get a shirt sometime! your welcome for this useless information lol
I haven't watched Live TV for about 10 years and I'm 36! I religiously watch SNL... the next day on hulu lol
Give Dulce Sloan or Brittany Broski Corden's slot
Tucker was the only thing I could watch on TV so now I will never watch normal TV again
The writers suck.
The timing of this vid and the writers strike, it weirdly feels appropriate.
i feel so bad for Reggie Watts. he was stuck with James Corden for such a long time. i wonder if he ever stayed up at night wondering how he got there. i wonder if he ever thought to himself about how much better than James Corden he is. i wonder how he's feeling right now
I still watch last week to ight
Nobody watches t.v. anymore lol.  The new "hosts" are UN-funny political hacks and nothing more.  And yes.... Conan was f'd over by Leno.
Not even lying I was staring at eddies yikes shirt and thinking "I want that shirt"
A literal masterpiece, bravo Eddy. The ending was the chefs kiss 🤌
If you support the writers strike please think about **cancelling your HBO MAX subscription** at least for their fiscal year.   HBO MAX is taking shows off their streaming site forever so they dont have to pay residuals for these shows. In the past month HBO MAX has taken 30 shows off their site forever so they do not have to paid the workers of these shows residuals and can use it as a tax write off (just like they did for Batgirl and the sscooby doo movie). You will never be able to see this shows ever again (cant buy the DVD or downloand them or stream them on another site).  so PLEASE THINK ABOUT ***CANCELLING YOUR HBOMAX*** subscriptions so the company has a bad fiscal year and other streaming services dont following in HBOMAX footsteps
I can't stand any of them they are not representing American culture accurately.
wait james cordon has a wife i've allways thought he was gay
you managed to put into words my feelings towards colbert so well - i want him unleashed from his writers so bad!!
I vote for eddy as king of late night
What a perfect song at the end 😂
thank you thank you for talking about the writer’s strike, I’m a little biased since I’m trying to get into the animation guild (who are also joining the strike in solidarity) but it’s SO important to talk about how many people put in work into the entertainment business and they deserve fair wages and contracts!! Honestly I’m so proud to be part of an industry that really knows how to strike and get what they need to live a life. I wish it didn’t have to be that way, but I’m glad we don’t just take it either
anyone else catch the Jim Carrey playing Andy Kaufman in a Man on the Moon clip that Eddy used? Lmao
Trevor Noah full of potential?  He’s easily the worst late night host.  Dudes painfully unfunny and panders to the far left so far that it feels like apologetics rather than comedy.
Thet ParIs Hilton ape NFT...Holy crap i laughed so hard.  The audience enthusiasm was a chef's kiss.
I watched maybe 30 min of content between all of them (except Conan, I watched that a lot a few years ago). I am not from the USA. Interesting video nontheless. Wait he has a remote-channel now? Maybe I need to get into that.
Conan definitely knows his whole crew. If you watch his shows he constantly calls them out by name.
You have a new subscriber in me, JUST for that crosswalk bit where you kept crossing it - so unserious 😂😂😂 I laughed for a little too long on that one 🙌
craig ferguson was the goat
The new merch is beautifully designed!!
Rove Live... that is all
I always forget that Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel are not the exact same person
saving the clip at 10:48 to send in reply to my friend James whenever they send me stinky memes 🙃
Its so weird to see Eddy's body bc his face makes him look like a bulky guy
amogus
It’s very telling how everyone who makes comedy I enjoy respected Conan so much.
So I just pre ordered some of your spring collection merch. I am happy to support you, but I would really love to support your bother as well with some new Burback merch! In the meantime, this will have to do. I will DM you a picture of my receipt if you give Tony a $5  bill and a kiss on the cheek.
That’s the same reason why I think Pedro did that video. He just wanted to do something nice
TAFS needs to be the new template for late night.
the closest I get to watching late night TV is John Oliver's last week tonight lol
Conan was able to see this coming and his move to podcast was so damn smart, his podcast interviews are so funny and he really is a great host. I miss Hasan Minhaj, I really liked Patriot Act and was sad when they cancelled it, I think the only late night host that still keeps my attention is Seth Meyer, Trevor Noah was great but the format of Late night was not the most favorable to him, without a doubt one of the best interviewers we had.
Great video just feels weird since the writer strike is going on
Let's be honest those shows were never "good" there was nothing else to watch if you was up late. Now with streaming you can watch anything but that
2:31 Who tf aww'd?   I wanna talk to them. (that is if that's not pre-recorded)
Not a single person in these comments mentioning Stephen Colbert?! Seth and Stephen sometimes single handedly saved my mental sanity during a lot of the pandemic and Colbert's monologues are just consistently top notch funny.
Seth Meyers and John Oliver are the only ones i consistently watch, and I only watch it in youtube the next day! John Oliver in particular I really enjoy bc it feels like more a podcast or an essay video. My law professor is the one who introduced him to me by showing his Police Interrogations video in class
I don't watch late night tv or clips. Its dead to me.
Great sequel to the original late night video Eddy, thanks
Hey kid Why don't you cross the street to a barber You look like my dad in the 80s Also, bougainvillea has no scent What are you doing P.S. Love your content Keep up the good work ❤
babe wake up new Eddy Burback video
Why do people hate jimmy so much?
John Stewart?
Back in the day ,when TV was all you had for entertainment, it would go off and stop for a few hours every night. It was because tv was run in a room with people switching on commercials and switching between shows.  Nothing was automated... this is why there were so few channels.... it was produced live every day.
Does John Oliver not count as late night? He consistently crushes it
I remember the last time there was a writers strike Conan put on some of the most insane episodes of television in talk show history. It was brilliant and it showed just how amazing he is.
I don’t like Kimmel mostly because of hie out of touch he was with not understanding why people watch people play games…y’know let’s plays.
I think after the pandemic, several economic crises, and celebrities blatantly showing that they're insulated from the consequences of historic events, I want to watch at least a little more self-aware content from late night (Seth, Conan, and Furgeson did that the best I think). Solidarity with WGA ✊
eddy you're looking great
Unions are communism
To answer your first question: I do. I watch them on youtube in the morning when I start my work. And I miss them I want them back. I also want the writers to get their demands are but I also need my late night shows back. To your second question: I live in Germany. I can't turn on my TV to see any of the late shows. :P
I can only imagine what the driver must think about you leaving the flowers there at the end.
Good thing you got your way with the writers strike
Pulled the plug in 2016. Have no regrets.
What sickens me about all of them though is the fact that they're all shills for the democratic establishment 🤦🏻
Beautiful video as always Eddy. Wonderful sign off to an awful era.
I stopped watching Trevor Noah  after he smeared Bernie Sanders in a segment. He played a clip and edited it to make it sound like Bernie was calling a kid stupid. The opposite was true, the kid called himself stupid and Bernie was saying he wasn’t. This was in 2015, during the primary.  I’ll never forgive him for that. I’m glad he quit.
James Corden has the same energy as the the one kid in the drama club that made you hate all the kids in the drama club
babe wake up new evy besrsack video
I have a food allergy adjacent problem and sometimes there’s nothing on the MENU that works for me, and sometimes they can’t accommodate me. I don’t think of it as my right for them to have something for me, and I sure as HELL don’t take it out on the servers, who are trying their best to work it out. I always tip pretty highly in these situations, because they tried their best and I’m sure it was stressful for them. It’s not their fault if that restaurant is not a place that can be somewhere I frequent! I hate even bringing it up; I just need to be upfront instead of suffering and dealing with the fall out later.
The ratings of all the traditional late night shows are being beaten by the Fox News late night talkshow: Gutfeld!, which seems to only exist to fill time when nursing homes forget to turn the TV off.
should have mentioned the time corden went to a WGA meeting/event to propose lower wages for writers and also didn't bring any of his writers to it
The best late night is Andy Cohen. The energy is unmatched
I hope the writer's strike lasts forever and everyone of these talk show idiots gets replaced by an AI chatbot. Hell, hopefully everyone in the business gets replaced. Random people on Youtube have been a million times more talented and interesting for over a decade now.
Im anti Hollywood so let them burn.
Did you just call Trevor Noah intelligent? YIKES
All of the hosts have a very similar monologue, some of the hosts are unlikeable, and there are much better things to watch. If I'm honest, When Conan left, I left.
Craig Ferguson ftw
Death? Nah bro, latenight exploded since the pandemic. Seth meyers has even moved over to more youtube and youtube exclusive content. Right now there is a writers strike, but that is ALL writers, not just them. You need to get off the Trump Cult Train and laugh at some real jokes.
i really hope people continued to walk by that bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk and think “aw, something really sad mustve happened here” when in reality it was an internet boy doing a funny
PRO UNION! PRO STRIKES!
my dad watches stephen colbert every night on tv 😂
Trevor Noah is so talented he lost 60% of his audience.
I used to really enjoy colbert, i would watch his monologue most days but idk trump destroyed that man
I don’t have a normal tv anymore. I kinda miss it.
I’ll watch a graham norton show sometimes. US talk shows are odd to me. Conan has his moments tho but I’ve only seen videos
Omg i needed an eddy upload today
I liked it when did the show during quarantine.
Just the other day I watched your late night video you uploaded in 2020. Went down a late night rabbit hole and was itching for more. This is perfect!
I like that you left the flowers on the sidewalk and not in the middle of the crosswalk itself - you know, because disrupting a busy Los Angeles intersection for a comedy bit is something that an ASSHOLE would do.
All these late night shows with people who call themselves comedians but don't even write their own jokes. The writers are the true comedians.
I never watched late night in cable TVs prime because it was on after my bed time. I never watch late night as an adult because I refuse to get cable. When I think of network television, I feel contempt. 65% commercial 35% content with the most cookie cutter, ratings-safe writing possible under the complete control of network execs.  The only way network TV can recover is if writers get control back over what content they can make and kick the suits out of the creative room entirely. Eliminate interruptive advertising. And for real, the few times I do see network TV, the show is broken up by four minute blocks of two or three commercials repeating over and over and over again. It drives viewers A W A Y.  I don't have much hope for this, I'm pretty sure network TV is going the way of the radio. Only installed in places of convenience: waiting room lobbies and hotel rooms. It just can't compete with the instant gratification the internet offers, even if they aggressively control how much of their content gets online. Because in that space there's already infinitely more content that's better in every way except production value.
More people watch clips of these shows on youtube than the actual show.
Hair is looking LUSCIOUS my man I'm digging the do
not exactly late night but i adore jon stewart and john oliver
Just some shinfo: I watched this video during my lunch break today. Went back to work and turned on the Steven Wright episode of Conan’s podcast that dropped yesterday. They talk about Steven getting on Carson’s show twice in one week and that he became recognizably famous overnight because it’s all anyone watched at the time. And Steven said, “Yeah, because there were like only 3 channels at the time.”  Also, Kimmel’s one leg-up IMO is that he always had fantastic musical guests/performances.
Sometimes I get frustrated that Craig Ferguson ended his run when he did since his weird-ass comedy had a direct line to my giggledick. But ultimately I think it’s better this way- we got to remember the show as it was rather than see it fade with the rest.
Conan is the goat. When he left Late Night, I knew the fornat was finished.
Bro thinks he’s young💀💀
Conan was good.  Mostly apolitical.  Didn’t need cheap low hanging fruit to be “funny”.  Colbert is the worst.  Not sure wha his deal is, probably dyslexic.
I only like Conan and Stephen, Conan seem like a nice guy, Stephen like dungeon and dragon and you can't hate him for that
Stephen Colbert clips are every liberal mom’s favorite thing to send you in an email.
I am willing to bet that none of those hosts would take a $1- to $2-million pay cut to pay their staff more money. I would love to be wrong, but guys like James Corbin don’t even know the names of their own production staff.
I am willing to bet that none of those hosts would take a $1- to $2-million pay cut to pay their staff more money. I would love to be wrong, but guys like James Corbin don’t even know the names of their own production staff.
I like that things have changed so much... Honestly, the chances of becoming a late night TV host (let alone a successful one) is really slim. Yes, late night TV is dying, but now we get the "Eddy Burback Show", something we probably never would have gotten if TV had stayed on top forever. And I can only see that as a net positive for society.
I will never stop being mad about what Leno did to Conan: the best of all the late-night hosts.
Was a big Conan fan as well!!!
I stopped watching late night shows when they started to do politics. Not a Trump lover but after he presented himself for president and especially after he won, a LOT of late shows started having more politics and talking about him way too much for it to be enjoyable. And what's weird is that they still continue making political "jokes" to this day.
Craig Ferguson and Conan are my late night favorites.
I love Conan
❤
Jeez Jay didn't do it on purpose. It was NBC who did it. The hate Jay gets is just insane. The dude was THE KING of Latenight TV, and he gave justice to his job IMO. Sure, people are entitled to their opinion, but people need to realize he is not a bad person at all. Don't just eat what they throw at you blindly.
Ed Kemper
I've been waiting too long for this 😡 but I'm here 😇
I will never not be upset about the Leno situation - JUSTICE FOR CONAN O'BRIEN
I'm glad that you brought up the WGA strike. People really don't understand the pay (or lack thereof) that the average writer in television and film gets. Someone on twitter posted a picture of their father's residual pay from a bunch of SNL episodes he helped write, and it was a total of less than $20 for what must have been 50+ episodes. Some of the residuals were literally one cent per episode.
Conan and Craig Ferguson were the only ones I went out of my way to watch back in the day.
I kinda just see late night as a whole like I see modern news tv like Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, etc. They all just have this layer of inauthenticity in what they say and how they say what they say. I'm sure the blame isn't solely on the hosts and should be put on the executives who stifle their views. The leashes they put on their hosts causes me to distrust anything they say and know that the hosts themselves sometimes don't believe what their saying. The politics are usually one sided without ever going into controversies on their side.   For example, you're not going to see a breakdown from Seth Myers on how the DNC is trying to shoehorn Biden as the automatic candidate for 2024 without any discussion or debate regardless of his many faults and aging mind. Maybe Seth would like to talk about it but I doubt the puppet masters that own him and others like him would ever let him say anything that would go against what the network wants to put forward.  I think the future is that talented talk show hosts with actual views they hold start their own independent shows/podcasts online. Someone who's excelled at this is Jon Stewart. His ability to go outside what is typically said in politics allows him to have an independent view that people agree with.
I worked at NBC during Leno’O’Briengate.  NBC wanted to capitalize on Leno’s rating’s and popularity but also saw he’s tenure coming to an end.  So they carved out The Jay Leno show for him and injected O’Brien into The Tonight Show.  The transition was messy along with internal confusion when it came to having two late night shows.  Ratings dropped, NBC panicked, and moved to quickly inject Leno back which made things messier and more confusing for the two comedians.  Public perception successfully made it a Leno vs O’Brien thing instead of calling it for what it really was, an NBC debacle.
If late night is dead what about daytime tv😳
I went to a Colbert Report taping back in college and it was one of the best experiences I ever had. But I can confirm that he took audience questions in between filming then too! Since Trevor did the same, I have a feeling it might have been something established by Jon Stewart at the Daily Show. Either way, it was a great way for the host to feel very personable. (for reference, I went to two pre-Tonight Show Fallon tapings as well in college and I don't remember him doing the same).
eddy why did you kill all of the late night hosts
Late Night TV died in the early 2010's and everyone else is just late.
I'm still angry with Jimmy Fallon tussling Trump's hair in 2016.
This video has the same energy as the late night shows it’s trying to trash talk 👎🏾 fuckin sucks!
I can’t remember the last time I watched LIVE tv. Like…7yr? Maybe more? Might be closer to 10yr. And I just turned 30.
the new yikes merch is so pretty tf!!!!
Thought for a moment eddy was about to announce he’s starting his own show on YouTube. I’d definitely watch that if he ever considered doing it.
I appreciate the even-handed Fallon take. I haven't watched the show in many years, but know he can be genuinely entertaining, and actually feel like he enjoys/enjoyed what he does/did. LNJF was a perfect example of this. It was his baby and it was pretty solid. When he took over The Tonight Show there was a noticeable shift, and things felt more mainstream and cookie cutter. But still a lot of really enjoyable sketches and interactions. Plus The Roots never miss.
john oliver is still the best modern late night shiw host
Craig Ferguson has been the only late night tv I've ever watched voluntarily.
I stopped watching late night TV all together when every YouTube title had "Trump" in it.
Conan was the only funny late night show, the rest are pretty cringe
Graham Norton
Great vid man
Broadcast TV is dead, not the programs themselves. It's just a shift in our society on how we consume entertainment. It went regular broadcast TV to Internet based TV aka. Streaming/On demand.
getting a new eddie burback video is emotionally the same as getting ice cream after a bad day
I hate Jimmy Kimmel but I love Lou Wilson who is his announcer and my favorite D&D actual play player so I tune in on occasion to see if Lou’s highlighted at all
I think the better question is: did anyone watch late night tv in the first place???
I have not done that since early on Conan
He's taken a page from Ellen. Lol
Just know I think about you every night when I go to sleep
Wow. Didn't know I would have anything in common with Alice Cooper, but here we are. That was such a dumb bit.
I still love Stephen Colbert ❤️
I do thank james corden and his crosswalk musicals for making flash mobs so cringe that no one does that nonsense anymore
man fuck it #geteddyalateniteshow change it up, we believe in you
You know. Since YouTube replaced late night shows in many ways I’d like to think eddy fulfilled his childhood dream. He did in my eyes anyways
if harry styles sat his horribly dressed ass on my car like that i would floor it.
<3
Hey Eddy, Colbert has been taking questions before shows ever since his original show on the Colbert Report.  Super sweet guy when answering questions, they just never got aired.  But he would make references specifically to the audience, including a reference to a question I got to ask when I saw him live.  John Stewart was doing it at the Daily Show as well, which is where that tradition started I believe! Appreciate the video eddy, just wanted to mention it since I agree with your view on Colbert's current late night show.
If David Letterman, Conan O'Brien or Craig Ferguson were on the air again, I'd watch...  You open by mentioning Jimmy Kimmel (How?  Why?), Seth Myers and Jimmy Fallon (the penultimate narcissist fake)... three awful talk show hosts.  Well.  Actually, Seth Myers actually seems like an intelligent decent human... he's just so low key it seems he has little charisma, which I don't think is true.  He's the best of these three by a country mile.  I did like Colbert.  Agh.  Jame Corden is just the worst.  Ah, Jimmy Fallon.  The talk show host with a show that's... all about... Jimmy Fallon!  It also has - guests.  But never mind them.  Pay attention to Jimmy Fallon!  It's Jimmy Fallon!  Look at me!  I'm Jimmy Fallon!  NO.  No.  Just no.  No one was too hard on Jimmy Fallon.  Jimmy Kimmel.  It's like the moronic idiot dude bro from college that disappeared while you still in school somehow got a late night show.  Stephen Colbert.  I really liked him.  He had teeth.  It was smart... and then, he slowly, changed.  Keep the religion off the air.  It's awful... and not real.  Aside:  How can intelligent people beli... Ah.  Never mind.  Funny that you should mention Colbert being good at interviews.  He's terrible with most guests.  Oh, feel free to never mention "Yikes" again.  You interrupting the video to advertise your shop and apologizing for not doing it sooner?  What kind of bizarre gaslighting is this?  Trevor Noah?  I liked him at first.  I even read his book.  He changed.  I'm glad he left the Daily Show.  He didn't do Jon Stewart justice.  The show became focused on one topic.  Not kosher.  Overall, Conan was my favorite host.
Its weird because as someone british i remember like a decade ago when people actually liked the dude. He made a comedy show people actually seemed to like, he had like a sports gameshow people didn't seem to hate, but then i didn't heard about him for a while and then he was the late night show host everyone hates. I know there are a lot of reasons people don't like him but i can't help but think a big one is carpool kareoke, stans for basically every popstar watched that man sing over their faves in his not good singing voice and resentment built
I regularly watched Craig Ferguson for a while. Always found him hilarious and goofy. These days I catch John Oliver’s segments on YouTube every now and then.
I got shivers when he said "America's favorite late night host" and then "James Corden" popped onto the screen
It's interesting how your dream was to be on a late show, and now you probably will make more money off of this youtube video with the sponsor, the merch, etc, then a late show will make for the network in a month. You even have your own crew with your editors and sponsor team.   I like to think you've achieved your goal. 1.42M Subscribers is appx 10x what I would expect the viewership of any late show is these days. Congrats!
James who? I don’t know that James. (Of all the Late Night Shows, that’s the one I never watched)
I used to think the Greenday's song '86' was about someone being mean to an old guy, because he was old.  I just now learned that 86-ing actually means something else. XD
Let’s go Eddy talking about late night tv again
100% agreed on Conan. I discovered him in the mid-to-late 90s, somewhere around middle school and high school. I didn't have a TV in my room, but as I was getting older I was starting to stay up later. In particular I stayed up during summer break, and at the time my dad was working swing shift. Conan's show started around the time my dad got home, so we'd watch it together. It was partly that I had a show to share with my dad, but partly what you said—I found Conan on my own, and was hooked on how silly he was and how great his gift was for rolling with the punches; he could turn material that flopped into something gold with his reactions.
Late night TV has become a propaganda machine for the extreme left I used to enjoy Jimmy Kimmel all the time, but his repetitive propaganda has become stale and boring. People grew bored of anti-Trump monologue every single night The hosts have lost every bit of originality and they all seem pretty much the same.
i watch seth meyers and john oliver’s online shows in full, but never sitting down all at once like it’s meant to be. i like late night content in bite size youtube shows more than i like some high profile youtubers.
The way I'd be absolutely holding down my horn until the crosswalk performance was over-
"millennials are killing late night tv"
Man, I miss Craig.
Pretty good , idc for the “adjusted for inflation” statistic though. None of us are compensated fairly when adjusting for inflation lol
Can something with no soul or substance die in the first place? It feels like one of those things thats always existed but never added any real value to the entertainment industry as a whole. It was just a big circlejerk for people to peddle there ideas and next paycheck.
You weest and emplemon all got famous on the racist Russian meme app(ifunny) and no one ever acknowledges it
James Corden left the show on my birthday lol
Wait so the suit wasn't so he could become the next Late Night host??? Where is the pilot to burBACK to Late Night???
John Oliver also does a great job
Imagine liking Stephen Colbert at all
Honestly I could care less about late night shows but I love Seth Myers
THE FACT THAT THIS WENT AROUND TO THE WRITERS STRIKES MAKES ME SO HAPPY THANK YOU EDDY
James Corden was annoying. He was a jerk to his staff and to service employees. And he would try to out-sing professionals like Adele, John Legend and Bruno Mars. We watched Carpool Karaoke to see our favorites, not James
Not pushing the Yikes Merch is a big yikes
HOT ONES HAS THE BEST INTERVIEWS !!
Anytime I hear a pundit predict the death of anything, I know it's probably not going anywhere. It's like predicting impending doom. It rarely materializes.
Definitely not letting James Corden stand on the hood of my car
Trevor noah was mid when he was in the UK and ruined my favourite show
God Craig Ferguson is the goat
I'm 99% sure displate steals art
I'm STILL not getting notifications from eddy but it's a good thing I'm always checking my subscription. Love you eddy keep up the good shit❤❤❤
I personally don't care about celebrities and I think its dumb that these "comedians" have a huge staff of writers that write the jokes for them.  That's why I prefer real stand-up comedians doing podcast
Stephen Colbert sucks
jimmy Fallon ,Conon OBRIAN, CORDON CAR KARAOKE ,  CRAIG FERGENSON  THE LAST BEING BEST OF THE BUNCH AND THE REST I COULD CARE LESS
Conan the Best
honestly for me it's the timeslot and it's not my taste to be fair there are some very talented ones like seth meyers or conan, but i can just watch highlights on youtube if i want to.
Youtube's favorite handsome young man is back at it again.
WAKE UP BABE EDDY JUST POSTED
I thought the top left panel in the beginning turned into Rainbow Road
I really thought the suit portion was a buildup to eddy announcing his own late night show on youtube or something
I live right next to that crosswalk and for the love of god I'm glad they finally put Corden down
THE HOPSCOTCH
Wait AT MIDNIGHT IS BACK?
Late night hosts are crap. Good riddance.
I absolutely hate it when shows like this have people on and they are like “hey I actually hate this” and the host is like “oh thats crazy cuz here is that thing to get your reaction” like WHY, i would fucking hate whoever did that to me ON TV
I can really imagine Eddy being a late night host and it's something I really hope happens for him (if he still wants it). I think Eddy has all the things that he listed as to what makes a good late night host.
yes, writing only Trump jokes for the past 8 years, so talented.
The last time i watched a late night show was when Craig Ferguson gave the reins to James Corden.
I'm so glad I had the opportunity to see Conan live when they filmed in Atlanta. He's the best.
James Corden's show lost something like $20,000,000 per year too. He is an awful human being and his show didn't even make a dime.
When i found out SNL stopped cus of the strike it was kinda a bummer. Im not american nor ever been to the US but man i love that show. Living across the pond means i cant really watch it like or through cable so ive for years enjoyed it on youtube, and the great thing about watching it on youtube is that im able to watch all the old stuff aswell. I hope every writer gets paid what they are worth soon so they and all the other late night shows can start airing again,
considering what Hollywood writers put out the past years, they should be paid less
whenever I see clips of Colbert I can’t help but think it would be fun to have him as a dad
I feel like it’s important to recognize that James Corden later apologized (privately & publicly) & had his ban rescinded. Maybe he’ll learn and grow from his mistake.
i really appreciate the ending bit about the writers' strike! it's crucially important that people understand what's actually at stake and what the union is actually asking for, since so much misinformation is being spread around right now.
conan's kinda hot ngl
Eddy, if u did a late night twitch stream styled after the golden age of late night except with ur friends and other YouTube/comedian types, that would probably do really well
James Cordon honestly seems like the least offensive aspect of LA car dependency
I usually catch or try to catch Colbert. Most of the time i only get through the monologue before falling asleep.   I usually watch the segments i miss the next day on YouTube.
Nothing has boiled my blood more as an Angeleno than crosswalk musical. I swore that if i ever got caught in one, i would lean on the horn until they got me out of traffic just so they could get the shot.  Another addendum that has aided in my grudge against Cordin: I worked at the LensCraftera on Beverly that he went to as part of his show doing someone else's job. My staff deemed me a "problem employee" so scheduled me to not be there when Cordin was working. I became more of a problem for that shop after that.
There has been other writers strike and it lasted like 2 weeks Ppl act like this is new, the ppl who now have shows where/are writers .. Oooh to be young. Wondered where Travor went
I get enough politics all day long.  When Trump ever dies they will have to learn how to be funny again.
I side with the WGA solely because they had the dignity to stop writing for trash
Great video Eddy and what an emotional ending! 🥺
It's stale content. These talk shows started to reach into MEME  internet. Trying to be HIP WITH THE YOUNG when their purpose should have focused on real celebrities. Like music, artists, zoo people, magicians, actors, movie directors. Things we don't get to see on the internet, the background information
C'mon you can't put Conan on there. Conan was and still is funny as hell. His podcast is hilarious.
Tbf, Corden did integrate his staff more into the show during the pandemic and onwards with the monologue having more of an open floor feel.  The joke(?) about not knowing the camera operators names still dosent fly too well, but he at the least knew them by the end
Seth is doing the best
become the youtube late night show host we need!
The reason why people are laughing about the writers' strike is because of how awful Hollywood movies have become recently. They don't deserve a raise. They deserve to be fired and replaced by actually competent writers not whoever the hell wrote She Hulk or Star Wars Episode 9.
Stephen Is my favourite And I regard him as having a big influence on me as I grew from a teenager to a young adult. Colbert’s interviews and monologues from the time of the 2016 presidential election and trumps subsequent win and time in office is the best topical comedy I’ve seen. The heartfelt moments also reveal Colbert’s character in different light than just the unbreakable host of the late show.
I stopped watching late night shows when 80% of the jokes became political.
This isn’t a thing in most countries
James taking over for craig Ferguson was such a train wreck Craig is still the best late night host I have ever seen.
The late nite TV that I would watch these days would be something like south park or something like that.  The only people that I can think of (that I know) that watch late nite tv... are people that are over 55
Please don’t read this as me defending James Corden, it’s not, but wait staff is NOT always accommodating to food allergies. There are wait staff, cooks, and even restaurant owners who will literally brag about knowing better and give people stuff they report they can’t have. I wish we lived in a world where everyone took them seriously but we definitely don’t. And even many that will accommodate but throw a fit about it the entire time, as if asking for basic food safety is unacceptable behavior. James Corden is a jerk, but no, restaurants are not always accommodating to food allergies, even when we make it known there’s a risk of anaphylaxis.   On that note happy food allergy awareness month!
9:50 Avenue 5 got me unrealistically excited for the idea of more Josh Gad.
this video made me very sad but you eddy were very slutty and I enjoyed that
there was an exchange student from germany on my hockey team in hs, we roomed together when we went to a tournament and i remember she was so excited to watch american late night television
I love the content but...didn't you make this already? lol
Kimmel is awful.  Fallon just kisses ass and laughs over the top at anything said.
Anyone else Miss The late late show with Craig Ferguson??
The current late night shows are fine. Just as fine as backinnaday. The internet is eating up TV, that's all.
First
i love you eddy Burbank
Hilariously good timing considered the writers strike has stopped all of these shows. And that James Cordons show was revealed to be bleeding money
babe wake up the rainforest cafe guy just uploaded
The new merch is literally so pretty, I Love it, I love it, I love it!
I always watch the lefties. I hate Prawny Dump.😅
subbed for a fellow CoCo fan
YIPPEE
What about the adam friedland show
John Oliver is the only one I watch. I know it's once a week but if anything that's better. Seth Meyers is also high up there. But I can find him scripted and irritating. The voices annoy me.
Colbert is WAY better unscripted ... fond memories of him doing that in 2007 during the writers' strike.
I haven't watched cable for last 5 years
“BABE ITS A NEW EDDY BURBACK VIDEO!” (I’m single and live alone)
Let's all appreciate what a great storyteller Eddy is. I'm from another country, so I have no idea who these people are, but your video is still so entertaining for me! thanks, man!
No better way to celebrate the end of James Corden’s late night show .
I’ve actually started watching late night in the last few months because I can’t sleep😅 I wouldn’t say I “choose” to watch them, they’re just the least bad of the late night cable options and I like if I do start to feel tired I’m very rarely invested in them and can just go to bed😂 whereas that 10 year old rerun of ncis that I’ve probably seen three times might actually make me want to keep watching😅 I don’t seek late night shows out, they’re just kinda there, waiting, airing, hoping some insomniac clicks over to them.
Eddy id looking so beautiful lately, just had to say it, he's getting hoter by the minute. He's videos are also greater every year, and he started pretty great
You’re so right with the younger generations tuning in via YouTube over cable. I used to watch Colbert’s monologues pretty frequently on YouTube from 2017-2019 but stopped because the news was becoming a lot. Then I’d watch his quarantine monologues every once in awhile and now it’s once every 3 to 4 months I’ll tune in. I loved Kimmel as a kid but grew out of him, Fallon had some good bits but didn’t keep me engaged, and Corden’s carpool karaoke was the only good thing about his show other than that he came off super arrogant. Seth Meyers is up there with Colbert I just don’t watch him as frequently. It’s funny cause it’s mostly the older generation that has cable but they’re already in bed by the time late shows are airing.
There is no point in late night shows in a world where internet gives us access to all of the entertainment all of the time. I dont think host rotations can/will change it.
The bigger question is what is this Network Television and who is watching it 📺
I am in my 40s and I haven't had cable or watched TV since I was like 22 or something. Welcome to the future.
this is definitely a nit-pick but when 5sos were on the late late show james kept brining up ashtons dad which is quite known as as difficult thing for ashton and he was obviously upset and uncomfortable , and it really made me dislike him, why would you do that so someone you dont even really know?
No you don't "speak for most young people" when you say you don't watch Colbert.
Im young and never have been part of like, an office setting job, I’ve only done customer service, but I cannot imagine working at a place for 2 years and not knowing the people i work closely with. Sure if it was like, a department you don’t usually go to i would understand, but its his camera men? They are RIGHT THERE
i’m so glad eddy edited his previous statement about colbert’s interviewing capabilities bc i’ve always really loved his interviews. i’ve gone back and watched that specific anderson cooper conversation several times, it always moves me
I have never really watched late night. Every now and again I would see a clip that my mom showed me but I've never watch a whole episode. But as you mentioned, as a young person I don't have cable. I have never had cable since I moved into my own place, so I don't watch live TV.
I'm very young, and I still prefer live TV to streaming, not for late night shows, of course, but it makes deciding what to watch substantially easier, cuz what's on is out of your hands.
Late night TV left with Letterman and Ferguson. I hope Dave and Craig's next replacements are funny.
Craig Ferguson was my favorite. He is a fantastic writer and I love all of his books.
Ahh good old Eddy (short for education) Burbank
Greg Fergurson was very funny.
Steven did too many trump jokes. I loved his show but I got tired of same joke playing all the time. I get people don’t like him and that is fine. But it got tiring to have it in every YouTube video I watched from him.
I was somehow lucky enough to be in the front row of Conan's premiere Tonight Show episode. It was incredible. Conan is absolutely the best. I remember thinking, "Wow, I can't believe I'm here for the first of many episodes for years to come!"  Oops.
All late night shows are extremely unfunny and when political, extremely preachy and milquetoast
AYYY NEW EDDY VIDEO
Imagine being at that intersection and seeing this dapper gentleman leaving flowers at a crosswalk and wondering if someone died there
The only late night show host I like is Conan o Brien
burback i’ve been following you since your ifunny skits in 2013 and i’ve gotta say you are hella fuckin fine these days 🥰
EDDY I'm begging you. Please dress as mario and Luigi with Tony. Your Mustache is on point!
Craig really was the best , if him an conan were co hosting a podcast it would be bonkers
The only time I ever see Kimmel is after the NBA Finals, because it's on after the game on ABC...  ALSO: The Colbert interview with Andrew Garfield was absolutely fantastic, but that's really the only good thing he's done since the Colbert Report ended.
You maniac! No one can cross that street, that many times! How did you handle the star power!?
Well,they have more views than you,,,
you wish!
Grew up prefering Letterman over Leno, then Conan came along and was the only one I'd watch. When he quit I was done.
Nobody has ever been too hard on any of these people
Rasputin wake up! Eddy uploaded!!!!!
You better belive I watch every single Graham Norton show episode
It took me years to realize that Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel were not actually the same person. I saw that one video of them together being like “yea we are not one person” and it took me half the video to actually believe it
i stopped watching late night regularly when craig ferguson left the late late show
I was finally able to put away my laundry because of this, thank you Eddy
Yes, Eddy, I will go to Prom with you.
The only one worth watching is Seth Meyers
I watch John Oliver and my dad watches bill mahr 🤢
My eyes literally turned Garfield level unamusenent when James Corden came up at the two minute mark
I can't believe late night lasted as long as it did. I can't stand any of them except Conan.
Colbert and Cooper. Could watch them talk all day.
They brought back @midnight?!? Not as good as getting Craig Ferguson back, but it's a step in the right direction
If James Corden stood on my car's hood, I'd be in jail before the end of the day
I personally only watch late night shows when bts are invited on it lol otherwise you could not pay me to watch them
What a great transition to the Writers guild strike coverage
The crosswalk reaching 0 one last time as you laid down the flowers, beautiful stuff Eddy :')
Bruh I’ve never even heard of Seth Meyers except for Eddy Burback videos.
Boop
Cool intro song from Decoder Ring!
I’ll routinely tune into Seth Meyers’ show and watch the first 15 - 25 minutes, and if I like the guests then I’ll watch until the end.  But yes, I’m aware viewership is dramatically down across all channels. Which is why, when Rupert Murdoch’s G.O.P. propaganda channel announced — triumphantly! — that its own z-tier late-night offering was *winning the ratings* I just had to laugh: no, you miserable soulless lying goons, it’s just that, *across the board, everyone else’s ratings tanked!!* Jesus, you couldn’t even be honest about *this trivial thing,* that’s what compulsive liars you are!  But I don’t think this sector of the industry is dying; there’s just some turmoil while corporations, surreptitiously from behind the Web’s veil, try to erase the last 80 years of popular film and broadcast media from popular consciousness … but I doubt they’ll succeed.
I will never not be devastated that I can no longer watch the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. I almost immediately stopped watching late night TV after he left.
The driver of the car James Corden got onto is so much kinder than me because I absolutely would have tapped the gas pedal in that moment and watched his ass hit the concrete 💀
the only reason james cordon is in the US is because we hated him so much in the UK that he basically fled. He knew his reputation in the UK was so bad that he had to find a new demographic.
I liked Craig Ferguson, but it should speak volumes to the actual state of late night TV that I actually had no f@cking clue he was even replaced in the first place until just now.
what category does john oliver’s show fall under?
I love that he did the hopscotch
We really, really will miss you guys.  Sike!
Its all woke liberal nonsense now, with all the same jokes on repeat.  Watch 1, you don't need to watch another for a month.  Same trash.  Craig was awesome, nothing like that now.
Banger
I love Seth meyers. He’s literally the only one I care about. And it’s largely becuaze I have an addiction to the way he phrases politcal news. Everyone else (Barr Conan) is mid
You don't like tuning into political pandering and "orange man is orange" humor sponsored by Pfizer?
I’m so glad you talked about Ziwe! watching her show made me think there truly may be a future for late night and talk shows. It’s truly sad that they cancelled her show after two seasons. I think if anyone could nail a late night show now, it would be her. I just wish she got that opportunity.  It seems as though a lot of people are fans of her, but there is still very little discussion of her and her work online (off of twitter), which surprises me.
But but these news are just a couple weeks old which means the reason why he hasn’t uploaded in months isn’t that he’s working on a video it’s that he doesn’t want to 😢
Eddy I love you in a parasocial way, missed you
I just realized that eddy’s channel is like a comedy NPR
Best late night show of all time… Graham Norton Show, hands down ❤
I miss Craig Ferguson
the paris hilton bored ape clip gives me full body cringe
Eddy, Please make more content.  Chat GPT it up
I'm not American so i don't watch those shows on tv anyways, but i was in America for a short bit a gew years back and i was really excited to watch them live but i quickly learned that a 5 minute segment would be followed by 15 minutes of ads and as someone who grew up on tv with basically no ads or only ones in-between different shows, i seriously don't understand how americans watch tv like that. Cause it was basically the same with all tv....
Eddy "never misses with a critic on late night shows/9 pins" Burkback did it again with this banger.
That’s crazy cuz the dream used to be becoming a television show host and now it’s becoming eddy
Quietly hushing anyone who mentions that pedro pascal was in the imagine video
EDDY IN A SUIT EDDY IN A SUIT EDDY IN A-
Craig Ferguson mention 🫡
i miss craig ferguson
eh.  late night clips *CRUSH* it on youtube but nah i dont even watch television.  its funny.  conservatives are ALWAYS a generation behind liberals in media  they have radio and television  we have basically the entire internet (except facebook BLEGH) and ALL of social media  and each generation their reach and numbers shrink more and more and ours increase
Fuck all those late night comedy shows and their far left agenda pushing.
Yo Eddie, you're looking really good at the moment, dont know what you are doing but keep it up bud.
THE HOPSCOTH GOT ME HHAHAHAAHAHAHHAAH
As a person who doesn't like Cordon, and LOVES @Midnight, I'm stoked!
Gallons interview with mr frog was truly art
smoking on dat james corden pack 💨💨💨
For me late night died when Craig Ferguson left the late late show.
I've actually been listening to Conan's podcast a lot in the car lately after stumbling upon it. It's great for longer car rides and I especially love when he and the gang talk with fans over the phone. They always have great conversations and he always, ALWAYS, comes off as genuine and interested in what the other person has to say.
I felt the same about late night TV. I like Seth Myers the most now and I just watch his closer look on Youtube.
25:11 The dude in the bottom right corner looks like a hybrid of Tobey Maguire and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Eddy, where can I get that sick yikes suit at the end of the video?
For me Late Night TV died with Craig Ferguson departing the Late Late Show. Yes I like Conan, but nothing Conan ever did comes even close to the level of entertainment Craig Ferguson gave me. He had the best interviews, his monologues were a surprise box, and he was by the far the most magnetic, charimastic host I've ever seen on TV. Everything about that show was iconic for me. And everything else feels cheap, artificial and factory made after him.
Eddy is the only comedian I think is genuinely funny. He deserves the late night slot.
I love how the people in those cars at the cross walk saw this well dressed man in a suit with a bouquet of roses and probably thought "man that guy must have a special date!" and then you just lay them on the floor at the crosswalk
for just one second while eddy was purchasing a suit and getting dressed up I thought this was the announcement of Eddy's youtube-only late night show and now this is my lifelong desire
Well I hate to break the news to you but that's what happens when tv shows cater to a small percentage of the population with woke unfunny content . I couldn't be more happy for them.
Appropriate timing considering recent happenings
No the purpose of Late Night TV is, that it is propaganda that is supposed to feel detached from the mainstream media. Think of it like youtubers, before youtube.
Jimmy seems like a decent guy off air, i hated his fake laugh but il take that over the other terrible late night nothings. Conan is still goat
Thanks for the merch tip. I just scooped the dark chocolate crewneck. 🙏
I had a dream about Eddy last night that there was new Yikes merch I manifested this you guys I did this
Really early on in the pandemic, mathematician Matt Parker put out an incredible video specifically targeting the now-at-home late night show hosts, teaching them how to use cameras and get good angles and such; Seth Meyers specifically called out Parker and gave thanks, and eventually had him in the audience for a taping of Corrections.  Cheers to the unsung hero Matt Parker.
Conan, Kimmel, Seth and Colbert are the only hosts I watch every now and then
So I'm a HUGE fan of Late Night TV and have even created my own show and channel @nitebrite  we'd like to build up enough subs to make this channel / show our jobs.  Any ideas how to make that happen?
Eddy is really starting to look like Marc Maron
Rip Desus and Mero. Showtime was kind of a growing pain but I thought they were slowing evolving
Post COVID I’ve ironically started to enjoy Seth, he was pretty bland before, but now it’s like he just said ‘fuck it’, and is doing whatever the hell he wants
9:25 - IDGAF who you are if you climb on top of my car at a stop light I am moving that car and you are falling
There is no way James isn’t gay
I used to stay up till midnight as a kid watching Conan O'Brien and my parents would yell at me for laughing so hard while they were trying to sleep
When I was younger, I absolutely loved Conan! I'm curious to listen to his podcast now, didn't know it was a thing. Personally, the only show I watch (on youtube exclusively) is John Oliver's. I love how his pieces are both informative and funny, and his weird sense of humor appeals to mine.
Good riddance
I found your videos last night and I've been craving more. Just finished your Virtual Kitchens Video and lo and behold, you uploaded another one exactly at the same time I started the Virtual Kitchens one. My night has been made.
I'm bringing late night back
that outro was dirty...lmao
Snoop Dogg should host the late late show now that James Corden is gone
Jimmy Fallon bringing Questlove and The Roots as his shows band is the best thing about his show
Conan is the goat
I'd watch Corden after Colbert like 5 years ago and my wife was always like "I can't stand that guy" lol   He had some fun guest segments, like that spill your guts and flinch or whatever.
As someone who has worked with food before, do you know how bad you have to treat the staff before the owner decides you're not worth it and bans you? That's not "We had allergy-related problems," that's "You're such an asshole that if we let you in we lose all our staff because they unanimously decided not to serve you."
Dude for the past two day I’ve been watching videos on how bad late night tv is and then two minutes I see this how do you predict my interest I’m scared!! It like the third Time it’s happened!
So glad its over. The hosts are the worst ever possible
Jimmys fake laugh is unforgivable
I've yet to see anyone drag up the utter cringefest that was Corden covering Gold Digger on the Chris Moyles Marathon Show in 2011 as an example. You have been warned. https://youtu.be/isbEStL0TJc
EDDY IN A SUIT.
finally, my favorite channel to hate watch
That jumpscare at 14:18
Fallon should of just stick to acting.
Late Night will come back when Hollywood invests in creative people instead of the empty suits being promoted today.  Why is Kim Kardashian an interesting guest?  It's a trick question.  She isn't.  Her family are scammers.  She goes on talk shows to promote her scammy family.  The singing segments should be the canary in the coalmine that producers hired today aren't interested in new ideas, just distractions.  Hollywood thinks we're stupid.  When Hollywood stop thinking that we're stupid, I'll expect people like Michael Che or Charlemagne, Wanna Sykes, George Leguizamo to get a talk show and they get guests from this century who aren't some cardboard cutout of a human being like Harry "ooh look I'm wearing mummy's clothes, aren't I naughty, fuck me Olivia Wilde I don't care that you're married" Stiles.  Frankly, I think Hollywood has a sociopath/narcissism problem.  As power changes hands over the years and companies become increasingly consolidated under the same banner, I think that what used to be a tendency for executives to have a lizard mindset in terms of running a business has become standard operating procedure, and I'm no doc, doc, but I know enough that sociopaths (ie. those who don't have any evident sense of sympathy for the feelings of others, aside from pretending to be compassionate for their own convenience) don't relate to others, therefore they don't relate to an audience.  It's become the case that in order to see a movie, one needs to sign up to particular streaming service.  Forget going to the theater, or anything like that.  The public love a complicated paywall, don't we?  Don't we?!   I don't think so.  That reserved seating thing they do at chain theaters is pretty dumb, I think, too.  It's as if corporate America, along with the entertainment industry, seek not to reach out to us, but to come up with what they think should appease us -- finally, a 3,546,864th singing competition!!!! -- in hope that this will grow their balance sheet, when the whole point of the entertainment industry is giving the public what we want.  To put another way, just like with the rest of mainstream corporate America, the entertainment industry has been seeking to automate creativity with the bullshit (Ex. reality television, recycled movie franchises, comic books everywhere, everywhere, the horror, the horror..) that we see today.  What good we do see is few and far between.  For every Seth Meyers we get the Jimmies (I'm the opposite opinion, I can't watch Fallon and Kimmel is closer to Conan but I don't watch Kimmel much either as with the rest of Hollywood, he's merely imitating what came before) and James Cordon.  I'm not sure Stephen Colbert is cut to do what Letterman and Carson did, but Conan certainly can, and has long proven it.  We see right here, the best are on the sidelines.  That's the problem here, I think, rather than the hosts themselves.
I didn't disagree with even 1% of this.
#WGAStrong!
My dad watches late night shows. Every day.
Late night is dying because nobody watches tv and sees an ad for who is on; which prompts viewership. With low numbers watching regular tv translates to low viewership. When tv was popular that translated to higher viewership.  Even when nbc viewership dropped after friends went off the air. NBC still held the highest viewership for morning and night talk shows.
Burback Burback, ya know me name be Burback.
I'm very happy with this development
I watch Seth myers and Stephen colbert and John Oliver on youtube
I really like Conan and Colbert because they feel so grounded and for completely different reasons. Conan makes himself the butt of the joke and isn't afraid of being weird, while Colbert is just so honest and patient. You feel like you can connect with them on a personal level that just isn't possible with these other impersonal, cookie-cutter tv hosts.
The fact that you didn't mention the GOAT of late night; John Oliver in the downfall of latenight shows, means he is irreplaceable.
My personal TV hasn't had "cable" hooked up since 2001. I've been exclusively online for EVERY piece of TV I watch. Cable is for troglodytes.
Whenever I'm traveling and go to a hotel il prob turn on the tv and watch the tonights show but when I'm at home jus chilling i ain't doing tha
Eddy "Nine Pins" Burback has such a way with making videos, keep it up brother!
The amount of people who must think those flowers are for someone who got obliterated by a vehicle on that corner
1. Conan is 🐐.  2. I exclusively watch Seth’s Closer Look and Colbert’s monologue (on YouTube) and that’s the extent of my late night indulgence as a 30-something.  3. I still agree with your previous take on Colbert’s interviewing skills. Any time I have tried to watch one of his interviews, he always looks like he’s not listening to the guest and is just waiting to talk again. I also think it’s really easy to tell when he could care less about the guest he’s interviewing. I do think he has the best monologue in Late Night, by far, though.  ✌🏻
nice video eddy
jimmy kimmel has lou wilson has his announcer and thats all thank you
I'm a big fan of John Oliver. It's once a week and you can tell a lot more effort goes into the segments. Both educational and hilarious.
Eddy thank you so much for spreading awareness about production workers in the media and the WGA strike. I work in animation at one of the biggest companies and because of the name recognition people assume I must be making 6 digits a year when in reality it's nowhere near that much. The WGA strike will hopefully pave the way for ALL productions in the future. No one deserves to work in TV but if we do we still deserve to live in decent living accommodations. Currently, I had to move back to my hometown and commute an hour to LA for work because of the cost of living close to the studios. I know many writers or production people doing the same, or if they are from out of state feeling the need to stay in the unbelievably priced area just to be around a support system.
Once I heard Good Mythical Morning was gonna be on Jimmy Fallon, so I thought I'd actually watch his actual show on cable for once to see what it was like. To my shock, it was almost _exactly_ like a series of YouTube clips with commercials in-between. What you see on YouTube is essentially it. That's the same thing that's on TV. Also it's stupid that "late night" TV bleeps all the cuss words. like wow
And Thank god for defeating the evil
Rapport? 16:14 thats how you pronounce it? Why  Edit: not Eddie, colbert
I miss Conan 😢
didn’t JonTron declare it was dead like 5 years ago?
Honestly your weirdly good at manipulation
no one ever hits the crosswalk button just once haha
The best part of current Jimmy Kimmel is Lou Wilson and I shall not be critiqued on this.
This was absolutely fantastic  RIP Mr Corden
Late night died with Craig and Leno. You tune into late night and it's the shittiest, most unfunny "jokes" and social signaling ever. It's so fucking shit, no idea how anyone can eat it up. Fallon was okay, he had some integrity and didn't fall into politics until way late, but once he did it sucked. Yeah, fuck these shows, but fuck all of Hollywood.
Can’t get enough of the Cordon Crosswalk… but the 4th stop of the Rainforest Cafe pilgrimage was too much?
Appreciate you shouting out the WGA! Let’s go writers!
That ending was like teabagging someone in an FPS but IRL
Seth Meyers having Parker Posey on like she was not an actual nazi kinda killed the whole thing off finally for me. These shows are not as smart as people want them to be.
Craig was the last host I would look forward to watching every night.  No one now.
Conan was King. Love his podcast
Here's a cool song on the topic https://youtu.be/tAaLYoG3qiM
0:57 the way he pauses as if he’s waiting for an audience to clap for him kills me every time
stephen colbert big furry hat was one of my favorites of his show
All I think of when I see Kimmel is blackface. Karl Malone may deserve the mudslinging, but blackface sucks.
Why the hell did i get emotional at the ending at a joke memorial gesture for a show i have never watched in my life
Great video, absolutely love the hopscotch bit at the end, reminds me alot of Leslie Nielsens naked gun for some reason 😂
the closest i get to watching late night is watching last week tonight on youtube. i think my mom who passed away in september was the only one actually watching jimmy fallon though
Eddy's back! I track the passage of time via Eddy posts.
"We forgive you, Pedro."
People like Eddy are the reason I pay for YouTube and not cable.
I do kinda forgive Gal Gadot tho
seth also takes questions from the audience in between segments of the show! he doesnt film it but ive seen the show live and he just talks with us for a while!
I know this video isn’t about @midnight returning but oh my god am I excited @midnight is returning
I wonder how many people have honked at james cordan during that crosswalk skit...
I miss Craig Ferguson...
yess thanks for sticking up for our boy pedro
Ah, the ole 6 month by hand collage... Checks out.
They all became woke DNC mouthpieces.  Let's stop playing stupid here beating around the bush. The only people that enjoy watching 15 versions of "Orange man bad" jokes or listening to some no-talent hack do cringe jokes about how black-n-brown or LGBTQ they are, arent the type that will keep your show afloat.
Those are pretty red flowers
Ok, i used to really like Spill your guts before I know Corden was a terrible person. That's when I stopped watching. And now, I realized I liked it because I get to see Corden suffer.
It’s actually insane how James Corden fled the UK once people started to dislike him, then repeated his career in the US to the same result. It’s almost like fleeing to another country doesn’t do anything to fix your reputation!
I'm a huge fan of both Colbert and Conan, but I never watch either of their late night shows. I think 90% of the time I watch them it's when they're a guest on a podcast or something like that.
1:20 oh god ......... kill it with fire.
Guys, I have a question! Do late night shows start late at night? Or at least they used to? Because they seem way too popular to start at like midnight and have those ratings I'm not from the US and I've never watched those or SLN, that's why I don't know
I think late night tv is failing because it isn’t liberal enough.
I like The Late Late Show with James Corden! :(
My parents still watch late night TV. They are elderly
The world is healing
I'm european, I haven't watched TV for the past 5 or so years, and yet here I am, watching this video and enjoying it
Thanks for entertaining me during my lunch Mr. Burback.
the only parts i find myslef watching anymore are the interview segments, and because usually this is part of a press tour, i have most likely heard the same stories in a longer better format before
The merch looks amazing!!! Hope I can snag one
The most unforgivable think John Stewart did was handing his show over to someone as unfunny as Trevor Noah
The Jimmy Fallon ride at Universal is the only time at the park you honestly regret spending money to get in.
I’m glad my favorite late night tv YouTuber has returned. Glad you’ve finally made a 3rd video
Really great to see you talk about and support WGA, it's a bit sad to see the late night trilogy end, but I'm glad I was here for it
Paris Hilton's collage looks like my myspace homepage when I was 11.
Should’ve got the charcoal Pronto Uomo Eddy
When they start eating their own vomit its hard to care what they are speaking.
Holy shit I had no idea that corden had a whole bit called “crosswalk the musical” where they were supposed to get off the road when the hand stopped flashing. I thought those viral videos on social media were just him and some celebs intentionally blocking traffic while the light was green
this is how i find out ziwe got cancelled??
I'll be 40 this year and I haven't watched anything on "live" tv in 20 years. This trend started even further back than you know.
Seth Meyers is the only host where I actively watch his show.  I love his relationship with his writers (who he often brings on screen) and you can tell that he actually does the script himself. Also he has been going to all of the meetings during the strike and is paying out of pocket for his staff members’ salaries.
Rip late-night
I’ve been WAITIN for this one. Turn it up!
I will forever love Last Week Tonight with John Oliver and will watch until it ends or I die. Whichever comes first.
5:02 One of them is British… I’m glad they added some Britishness after the very not British Ferguson 😉
only conan with jordan soo funny
I would've given a little credit to Jimmy Kimmel for actually fighting for causes on his platform.
Yeah, people don't have cable. The end. Gen X and older are most of the cable subscriptions and statistically there are just fewer of them alive year over year.
Conan #1 latenight host of all time
Dude, this video was "blocked." For me, it took me going thru your channel just too watch this
I wouldn’t be surprised if the writer’s strike kills late night talk shows for good.
@midnight was so good. It's the one thing I'd want to see on tv
ziwe’s show being canceled broke my heart- a good deal of her clips have gone viral. hope to see her continue the show online.
This is the most legendary trilogy  in youtube history
Oh my god, it's dead? Thank goodness.
way to support the strike! solidarity with the writers
Dude the bored ape part was so weird. Why is the audience clapping??
The hopscotch bit killed me lmao
ayy early
Late night talk shows died with Johnny Carson and Arsenio Hall.
BEEF is such a good show.
ayy early
Just wanted to tell Eddy that this channel is absolutely popping off and you're killing it with the content 👍
IMO if you wanna hear it straight, Colbert is the way to go. He's transitioned so well from over the top satire to laying out complicated political issues in a funny way at 11:30 pm. I've been watching him for years and still love him (the jokes are a little awkward and I agree he doesn't always know how to play along with comedic guests tho). I recently started watching Seth Myers again and he's gotten wayyyyyy better than when he first started Late Night. Letting him go full goofy has improved every aspect of the show.
babe wake up new eddy vid just dropped
I wrote James off the minute he couldn’t name someone on his crew during spill your guts. He’s a proven douchebag.
I thought you were going to propose to your girlfriend lol 😂
6:40 WTF is wrong with cow tongue? Pretty normal delicacy in Europe...
maaaaan conan was done sooo dirty
nah hw the hell did kimmel catch him with his pants like that
AND HERE IS YOUR HOST.... EDDDDEHHHY
I'm not gonna lie, I'm gonna miss late night TV quite a lot. It's a format that is the perfect balance between celebrity showbiz stuff and the stand-up, sketch, improv comedy world. It just gives off a very comforting feeling to me because of the legacy attached with each late night show and host starting with Johnny Carson. I do believe that none of the shows will continue to thrive once the current hosts retire. It is quite bittersweet, because I like the format but I also understand that it has no place in the current entertainment landscape. Eddy's late night videos are ones that I always keep coming back to and I'm sure this one will be no different.
Craig Ferguson was far and away my favorite late night host. His show was so unique in comparison, and when Geoff came on as his sidekick, things were even better. I still watch clips of his show on youtube all the time.
Burt Reynolds would be proud of the stache !!!
Every time I see one of eddys thumbnails I make eye contact with his mustache and go into a trance and loose concessions until I awake and the video is over
thank you ebby that was beautiful
Stephen Colbert got me through the pandemic, but after he went back in the studio, I stopped watching him again. The dude is so great and has so much empathy and is a lovely person, but his show is just so average in front of the audience.
James Corden ruined Reggie Watts
Eddy show us whats behind the mystery door, it's all I think about
This was a really good video at a really good time Eddy thank you
the real death of late night tv is when my mom catches me watching king of the hill on a school night
Colbert is the only one i watch
I have always rated late night shows by how good their Ben and Jerry’s is. Therefore Corden and Kimmel don’t exist to me, and Tonight Dough will always be superior 🫡
Trevor Noah was put in a position to fail. Following up Stewart is an order thats hard no matter who you are,  and i do think Trevor did his best humor wise but he sort of treated American politics as more like a tourist at a zoo while Stewart felt like he cared about politics here and managed to give scathing rhetoric about the state of things.
Let's fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
seth is the best. corrections is must watch tv
My personal history w/ James Cordon is kind of funny. I’d never heard of him except for like 2 episodes of Dr. Who. Liked the character, thought he was alright. Then I saw him dance in the street for cats and fell in the rabbit hole of who he was as a person. Not special in anyway, but an utterly bizarre arc
When you picked up that bouquet at the end, I thought you were about to propose to your girlfriend. That would not have even made sense with the rest of the video, but for some reason that's what my mind jumped to.
I really only watched the late late show with craig kilborn, the daily show with jon stewart and the colbert report. As concerned with late night tv, I could never deal with leno, the jimmies, seth meyers and conan
I love the Seth Myers closer look segments and watch them regularly. But I can honestly say I've never seen a full episode of his show.
There's simply too much good content out there to seriously consider James Corden as a talk show host.
What I took from this video: I’m not the only one confused about @midnight being rebooted
the ape nft clip physically pains me to watch lol
Conan still the GOAT
late night tv is so dead it’s gonna get it’s own late night tv show
Who even watched Broadcast television anymore? Like 80 year olds? You can get all shows on demand with no time slot to worry about. Why even pay for cable at this point?
Late nigth was so good, the rest of the world became it.
When Trevor Noah left the daily show, I knew it was totally screwed lol
I don't get why you like Seth Meyers so much. He's so awkward on stage, and the way he delivers jokes feels like he's just reading a teleprompter. It's actually painful to watch sometimes.
When I think of American late night talk shows I think about the racist attitude for their house bands, "black", and "second bananas", mostly Latino.
commenting for algorithm<3
KING!
I appreciate the segment on the WGA strike a lot, it’s especially important to bring up with the topic of late night shows so I’m really glad it was covered
Spill or Fill is lowkey a rip off of a Good Mythical Morning segment
Pedro Pascal is a horrible actor
Late night is cool and all, but what about Early morning shows? I need that bacon blueberry pancake recipe.
You know Late Night shows are dead when my 60+ year old dad said "they still have them late shows running?" After seeing a poster of Jimmy Kimmel outside 😂
I run a better late night show than any jimmy on tv
Its funny about colbert- he seems like genuinely the most kind and intelligent late night host out there, and i'm glad hes at a comfortable place in his career, but fundamentally his comedy there will never be as good as the Colbert Report, which makes it feel almost a bit sad to watch
The only reason to have cable is if you watch sports.   But then you can always sail the seven seas.
i love you eddy can i take you to rainforest café  🥺👉🏼👈🏼
I feel as if the Late Night TV Shows were only popular due to the fact that staying up late was a "no-no" in many households, giving it this rebellious feeling to stay up late and when we did. We watched tv. Well now, media is all over and if we don't watch it live. 9/10 times it'll be on the socials when you wake up so no point in staying up when you can see it on your phone after.
As a South African I HAVE to apologize for Trevor Noah!   HOW on Earth he landed an American political lead role still astounds us!
Ah, gosh Eddy  You hit this one right on the head
I would rather watch Eddy Burback than any late night show 100 out of 100. I haven’t watched any late night since Conan like a decade ago.
another banger edward
The yearly or bi yearly Eddie late night episode, can’t wait for next year
Late night TV needs to go the way of Saturday morning cartoons & print media.
I genuinely enjoyed Craig Ferguson's Late Late Show and after he left I've never watched another late show.
I don't think you realize just how hilarious it is calling James Corden the "diet Jimmy Fallon" 😂😂
Thank you for talking about the WGA strike!!! It’s been a tough couple days, but I think it’ll be worth it
I like to put on eddy burback videos on when I eat my tea. It makes me feel like I'm not alone and I'm socialising. Thank you Mr burback
Honestly the only sad new about a show ending this year was Ziwe’s. There’s no one like her, I really hope she has a new show soon somewhere else
i've seen all of these late night shows, my favorite is still conan. idk why but his comedy skits and comedy bits and segments are the absolute best.
James Gordo (for fatso in spanish) is just a rich british fatso, I knew him from british tv, never was really funny, a good sidekick, but a terrible main man, I guess since he's just fat and no man
I audibly screamed "NO NO NO" as soon as i saw Jimmy hold a bored ape.
I used to watch Daily Show and Colbert Report every night. Now I forget that Daily Show and Late Night exist.
True og’s know about Johnny Carson
Ziwe got cancelled!!!???!!!!! 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
Amazing video 👍Also fuck Leno
I havent watched a single late night TV show since Craig Ferguson left. No one else had the vibe he did
I stopped watching late night once they went super woke.
Eddy Burbank
Eddy looks so forlorn in his recent thumbnails is he ok lol
What’s the song at the end?
10:31 I think you may have minor brain damage from all those Morbius viewings. That's all that made the crosswalk feel good, you were glad to be doing something 7 times that wasn't morbin'
I saw both videos yesterday and was literally thinking:"damn I hope he makes a part three to complete the triligy"
always a man for the people eddy
Like certain Late Night TV shows, Eddy Burback has a host and co-host. His mustache being the host, of course. While Eddy takes more of a conversational backseat, something you can tune in and out with as you get lost in the stache.
everybody grab your snacks Eddy uploaded
Graham Norton is still living on and going strong
I was so happy when I heard James Corden was done. And so fucking down when I heard he just got another show.
these shows would be fun to watch if they stayed out of politics but every single time they end up being propaganda foot soldiers for the anti trump brigade, big pharma and take your rights away unless you wanna kill a baby 😂❤
I miss funny Colbert.
Conan is a genius I’m glad he’s doing well
I love Colbert, but asking a recently bereaved Andrew Garfield how coming on the show (aka 'doing art') helps him deal with grief seems a little out of pocket to me. Late night appearances are hardly art — he probably didn't want to be there but couldn't get out of work/promo obligations for too long.
Honestly, the only late night show I will go out of my way to watch in full is Late Night with Seth Meyers, and that's only if a drummer I like is the stand-in drummer for the week lol
James Corden was a great host. The people who dog piled on him are just looking for something to rage about.
Right wingers definitely don't the free speech on late night TV.  Btw never heard of eddy. Total fake.
i miss craig ferguson. good times
Your hair is looking excellent dude.
I will always love Colbert, I loved watching the Daily Show when I was younger and loved the talents that Jon Stewart grew from it. Is it as good? Definitely not, but for me I still have a smile on my face whenever he pops up on feed. But other than that I'm pretty turned of from most late night.
Conan remains the best even after retiring the official show
"Wait, wait! Some people liked the show, I'm sure." And those people have wrong opinions. Normally there is no wrong or right with opinions, but when it comes to James Corden, there is only one correct opinion. He is bad.
Kimmel feels like a weirdo with the really off color comments he makes every so often
holy shit they're rebooting @midnight? that's great news
Everyone always goes to bat for writers. Well, vfx wages have stagnated too and we are FOR HIRE. Writers at least get residuals.
as someone also born in 1984,  thank you for saying Trevor Noah is young
There was a clip of James Corden being super rude to Patrick Stewart… ever since I saw that I didn’t like him anymore
I think Late Night's downfall started the moment politics became more important than comedy to the hosts.
Babe wake up another Eddy Burback late night video has dropped.
I think it's just like you say in the small way😊 , it does not matter about the Hollywood writers at all to anybody.😊 And it shouldn't, nobody's watching their crap anyways.
I'll never forgive late night TV for stealing Colbert's great show and replacing it with a terrible one. At least hire some of the good writers along with the face.
I can't believe i was free to view this I'm blessed 😌 🙏
finally :>
i discovered craig ferguson’s show over quarantine and it’s the only one i could watch from beginning to end, i love pulling up an old episode whenever im bored
Eddy, I like the new merch but that tapestry behind you at the end of the video is what I really need. Will that ever be merch that you sell?
Trevor Noah was basically forced to leave because of how poorly his show was doing and how unliked he was. Just felt like that should be mentioned. It wasnt much of an option. Just more proof that those left watching actual television networks are very picky. Cause they could just go online if they dont like them. They're not gonna want to keep paying for something they dont want to watch when they have so much else to watch (and mostly for free).
I was fully expecting Eddy to stop and sing in the crosswalk
i think, like you said, pop culture has just become more about open access to celebrity culture and we’re more interested in “”backstage”” looks at celebrities on twitter and tiktok. we’re not just relying on interviews to build that parasocial relationship anymore, and that’s largely due to social media and obviously the pandemic that (mostly) had everyone in a somewhat similar position of being stuck at home. despite out of touch videos like the “imagine” one, quarantine became this time of more “”candid”” looks at celebrities that just wasn’t replicable with late night tv because those more “unpolished” personalities were actually being curated by the celebrity (and/or their team) in their tweets or on their instagram stories or whatnot. there’s no more visible middle man like a late night host to provide that glimpse into the celeb’s life.  sorry for the long comment lol. i took a pop culture class this semester in uni and it was really interesting to study the shift in celebrity culture and how it relates to the question of access! great video and thank you for the shoutout to screenwriters. means a lot as an aspiring screenwriter. :)
oh shit whenever eddy posts a video I go oh shit Another documentary graced upon my eyes im gonna name my kid after you well eddie van halen but I can say you🖕amazing content  I mean that from every part of my brain
I am honored to share a birthday with Mr. Fallon
i think the rising popularity of commentary twitch streams being watched in their entirety and posted to youtube kind of creates a late night replacement. Especially when multiple topics are covered in "segments"
no fucking way that late night video is 4 years old
colbert is the best interviewer
I want to see the Burback Late Night show
Great video Eddy
i love me some bareback burback
Through this entire video, I still realize Colbert is the GOAT
Counting the time for the ad, I think its hilarious about half the content of this video is dedicated to Corden specifically
It’ll probably never happen but man do I wish Craig Ferguson would take the show back when cordon leaves 🤞
Fallon LOVES everything and everybody. It is so annoying beyond belief and you can't have any barometer of any good and bad material or opinions.
Trevor Noah didn’t start the trend of asking questions from the audience that was done way back in the 90s and 80s
i barely watch tv. and i haven't had cable in years.
Craig Ferguson is absolutely in the top five best late night hosts of all time. That is all.
Big fan of Jon Oliver feel like he deserves credit for using HBO and Youtube for people to watch on demand
Hassan Minhaj Patriot Act are simply the best out there...its just unpacking shit American government did to their people. It not silly talk about actress gossip or choosing political side. Just load of information on late stage of capitalism.
Late night TV died for me in about 2009 when I realized my DVR was too full of episodes that I couldn't possibly get through due to the run time alone. Same reason why I had to quit Wrestling, 2x 3-hour shows a week is just too much time I could be spending otherwise playing games or watching other movies. Or yknow, doing something with my life (lol)
Seth Meyers is the only one worth watching. He's an excellent interviewer because he's humble.
i love watching ziwe's clips on youtube. so devastated when it was cancelled.
A collage of all paris hiltons memories? Fucoutta here...lol
Those fuschia flowers are a really good background for you, you’d probably look great in a color like that
I think in fairness to Colbert, the man has been pretty open about not really wanting to do a Talk show and kind of took the job as the host kind of reluctantly
In Ireland no one will take the Late Late Show which predates the American one.  The host is leaving and everyone has been laughing at its downfall.
6:30 every time I see James Corden or Kim Kardashian my life becomes infinitely worse why are they specifically designed to look irritating
Ohhh I really liked @midnight, will it have the same host it used to? I liked that guy, he was cute.
Conan was the only host I watched and liked everyone else sucked in my opinion
Just pretending like Lily Singh didn't also have a late night show
Ironically enough, watching the Late Show with Stephen Colbert clips on YouTube is my favorite part of my weekday *morning* routine. 🙃
I really like Eddy's hair. I liked his previous hairstyle too, but I dig the look. Less importantly, I really like this video too. Thanks for the bangers, Burback is one of my all time favorites now too.
Great vid bro.😺
I think a lot of it has to do with inaccessibility for cable vs the ease of watching these clips on YouTube.
what a profoundly emotional ending thank you Eddy.
funny how my first exposure (as a non-American) to the WGA (or anything related) was Corden related, so that end segment felt oddly melancholic for me
Too bad I’m anti-the little guy when it’s Hollywood writers
THIS IS HOW I FIND OUT ZIWE GOT FUCKING CANCELED?!?
I just know anyone watching at that crosswalk thought you were memorializing a fatal car accident
In my opinion, I love Seth Meyers.  Yeah he is a lot like the Daily Show, but he is an amazing interviewer. In a lot of ways I think he is what CNN should be.  He asks the right questions. He can make a guest so comfortable that the “gotcha” moments feel natural.  Seth is what Anderson Cooper should be.
That Paris Hilton NFT clip aged well, made me vomit from both ends hearing them peddle junk in her awful voice.
Great video, next time can you put a trigger warning before showing corden? Thanks
BABEYY WAKE UPPP EDDY BOOBACK POSTEDDD‼️‼️‼️‼️
Fallon has a few ok impressions , that's it. He is not funny at all in the show is unfunny all the time. Again only my opinion here. And Stephen Colbert only has material because of Donald Trump it seems. Colbert has so much hate for him he just can't leave him alone for like one episode.
i was hoping for another late night video woo
eddy is the voice of the people born between 1993 and 1998
Give us the Yikes flag Eddy. Give it to us
Watching Late Night TV hosts discuss anything to do with politics is generally extremely painful
Between the obsession with a certain orange man and their preachy responses to COVID, late night hosts have come off as horribly out of touch over the past 7 years. When you alienate the majority of your audience, ratings are obviously going to plummet.
Late night late show
It can’t come quick enough
A topical video that educates people on the culture of late night hosts!?!  AND ends with an important message about the importance of the WGA strike!?!   That’s why he’s the GOAT!!!   THE GOAT!!!
Every modern late night show could simultaneously go off the air permanently and I would not notice. With Conan retiring, the last gasps of the format went with him.  I don't really care to watch comedic versions of CNN at 10 PM.
Burback > Corden
LETS FYCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
In my opinion the tonight show's unwatchable since Fallon took it over. When  Leno had The Tonight Show it was almost unwatchable.
thanks so much for talking about the wga !! stronger together
JIMNY KIMMLE OWES ME MONEY
I miss Craig Ferguson, he was the only watchable late night host.
Conan going to podcasting was his best move. Even though he was being taken off TV, that move was genius since everything was trending digital.
I stopped watching after Craig Ferguson left the late late show.
The last bit was beautiful
Petition to get Eddy as the new Late Night show. Instant resurgence in ratings.
Eddy good work. very much enjoyed the ghost kitchen expose as well.   The blockbuster training video was probably the best .
👁️🫦👁️
Seeing eddy upload just as I’m doing my weekly eddy rewatch really made my day
Hair is reaching final form 🔥🔥🔥
Times change.  Adapt or die.
I just watched that video from 2019 yesterday too, how interesting :D.
Just give the show to Reggie Watts with full creative control
Nobody even remembers (if they even knew at all) that pedro pascal was in that imagine video because like 5 people actually watched that far and they all immediately died
This is like, a sequel to the late night episode from two years ago :o  I am excited to see how Eddy gives the public a crisis.
Cable is dead dead dead
Eddy with a banger!! Hell yea :)
you did that hopscotch like a boss
Hot Ones!! Where you go to see someone too distracted to not be GENUINE!
omg @midnight is coming back???? is chris hardwick still hosting bc i will not watch it unless he’s hosting
Conan >>>>>>>>
As it stands, Late Night is dead. The content these talking heads currently vomit is nothing more than tired jokes and propaganda. I don't know how anyone watches them. The last great late-night host was Craig Ferguson. He broke the mold and did what he wanted. His presence is sorely missed.
NEW EDDY VIDEO O O O O OO
NOT THE MR BEAST TEARDROP IN THE THUMBNAIL lmao
"But one was British" You know Craig Ferguson was British too, right? That Scotland is in Britain?
I can't believe that James Cordon was ending his run on The Late Late Show
The good thing I guess is there won't be any more horrible takes from Trevor Noah
The applause the audience gave to the ape still hurts.
Yo, Eddie, I consider you a friend, and as a friend, I have to tell you that hat is way too small.
The trilogy I didn’t know I wanted, but have always needed
I, a 34 year old man, like to watch Stephen Colbert's opening monologue, with my 64 year old mother. But that's it. Just Colbert's opening monologue. The rest of his show kinda sucks. And I don't think John Oliver counts as late night, but I always watch that.
eddie in the merch photoshoot has such trans masc vides
This is my favorite genre of eddy videos
I discovered Craig Ferguson when I was a freshman in high school. His show was like a YouTuber with a small dedicated community. The whole show felt like Craig and his staff was just trying to make themselves laugh. With times where the whole show got derailed by some terrible joke that is so over played they laugh at it then pause and realize how terrible/over done the joke is and start laughing again. Then shift in professionalism from the Late show with David Letterman on CBS to former junky and Scotsman Craig Ferguson tries to talk about the news with hand puppets and an actual robot skeleton named Geoff who throw sexual innuendo at each other. That scenario felt like early YouTube or twitch where you got to be in on something that was not known to anyone but was the greatest/funniest thing ever to you.
Hold up when did The Daily Show talk about the Tampa Bay Rays and why am I now just learning about this?
I don’t know if John Oliver is considered a late night show, but I know several people (including myself) who watch every episode of his show. His show also has a more unique format which is why I’m not sure it’s considered a traditional late night show.
Love that Eddy went the distance and forced the studios to cause the strike just to shut down late night TV. Just don't see those levels of dedication from any other channel.
Eddie you're my bff
Craig was one of the best, a fun and inclusive show with an unscripted script (my best way to describe it). Corden sewered that time slot in comparison.
If i was in that cross walk thing id just hold the horn down to wreck the footage.
I’ve always been fascinated by late night shows even though I haven’t watched one live in over a decade
cable? i hardly know her
I basically haven't watched any late night shows since Conan, but one thing that, while I only occasionally watch his clips on YouTube, strikes me about Meyers is that I've heard/read a lot of quotes from big-time comedians where they're like, "If you can make Seth Meyers laugh, you know you're funny." I never really realized he was held in that high regard, but it's interesting because that's the same thing people always said about Carson. You were anointed when he thought you were funny. Letterman, to a degree, as well.
Hi eddddieee
Conan is the goat
This is so inspirational 🥹
I used to love @midnight
James corden should be imprisoned for the act of wasting everyone's brain processing power with his existence
eddie lookin choice as fuck in that suit.
Alright, so now I want to see a video with Eddy covering the Conan/Leno situation and I don’t know why.
Trevor seemed to adapt the fastest in my opinion. Really took a hard left into the YouTube style and I think he nailed it.
Is this dude Hassan's stunt-double or something?
The crosswalk bit made me want to kill you a little bit eddy
As mentioned by edwardo burback, I too believe younger people watching less and less of live TV (excluding sports) as well as the over saturation of celebrity content that we have access to is leading to the sharp decline in people tuning in.   Great video!
Regardless of what anyone says, John Oliver will be peak TV forever and I wouldn't change anything about it.
the end of the eddy burback late night slaughter trilogy
WOOOOOO
don’t buy displates if it gets hot where you live. the glue melts and the posters fall off your wall in the middle of the night and make a blood chilling metallic sound. i have bought a dozen and it happened to all of them. what’s worse is one fell on another and scratched it (big scratch).
I still think undisputed king of late night show is the Graham Norton show, probably is purely just conversation driven and all the guests are there from the start no cycling through the guests or forced sections of the show
Welp you predicted it. Conan is now fulltime podcast.
Seth Meyer’s YouTube exclusive segment Corrections is like, by far the best thing to come out of late night in the last 2-3 years. Consistently funny and shows how talented/funny Seth is, plus you clearly see how much he loves his crew
James Corden cancelled? Things are looking up 🎉
and he's ALREADY BACK
James Corden got some heat cause a lot of his "Spill Your Guts or Fill Your Guts" had a lot of ethnic food that was touted as being "disgusting" or "gross" when they're delicacies in the countries of origin
Corden is such an unfunny, porky pig looking bundle of sticks.
babe wake up eddy mustache
Philadelphia
i hope that this genre of tv dies, i’ve never understood how they are somehow still relevant, they aren’t funny they aren’t well written and they are all copies of each other
Hopefully the shows will all stay dead.
some random fucking guy in a store is probably wondering why he saw the same person walk across a crosswalk seven times
As long as Seth Myers show stays around I'm happy. Gotta have that sweet sweet Corrections and surprise inspections.
Man I miss Craig Ferguson
Idk why that appropriate sized  hat made me laugh. Keep the hat.
Craig was the absolute best and late night hasn’t been the same without him
i was literally JUST watching some of your old videos , i go back to ur page and there’s a new video, oh my god. legendary
Nice mustache man
Does anyone watch TV in general, though? I haven't watched a live TV broadcast in years.
honestly, jimmy fallon is one of the best hosts around in my opinion, he genuinely seems friendly to his guests and has great relationships with them. like he had gigi hadid on his show and learned that she wasn’t allowed to eat cheeseburgers when she was young, and every time she’s been on since, they eat cheeseburgers together :) i know it’s a persona probably, but jimmy fallon does really seem like a nice guy
YESSS EDDY VIDEO TO WATCH WHILE I EAT BREAKFAST
I love how Eddy's content lately peels back the layers of things that are very complicated in a way that is super digestable and informative. Great work! :]
When the argument is made that celebrities and Politicians are actually Reptilians, I find myself unable to defend against the view when it comes to late night talk show hosts.
I straight up watch no late night show or clip and only watch old conan clips and his podcast
Only my mom and other boomers watch Late Night TV.
I really think the fascination with late night started going down when social media started becoming more popular. Because before, it felt like talk shows were rare times when you could watch a celebrity being themselves, and hear about their stories. Now, everybody knows everything that is happening in that second through social media, and the "magic" that was there decades ago just isn't there anymore.
I want to buy all late night shows just to end them
Rip, as with most TV nowadays it went out with a wimper, and then it keeled over 😞
as a British person the concept of late night tv is so crazy to me that like u could feasibly just watch the same entertainment tv show every night in a row
eddy burback is back
YES ANOTHER EPISODE OF MY FAVOURITE YOUTUBE SERIES
So like James Corden, am I right?
Woah! A new video from Edison Burback
If James cordon started dancing a musical number in front of my car at a red light I’d find it almost impossible not to honk my horn as loud as possible
great video tony!
Conan is my uncle ❤
Hi Eddy👋
Conan is the only good Late Night TV host, change my mind.
I always get so excited when your videos come out!! Yay post more please ❤
Oh James Cordon’s show ended 3 days before my birthday? And here I thought I hadn’t gotten a birthday gift
James Corden is hated, HATED, in the UK. Please don't send him back. You can have him
After the GOAT Conan left, that was the end for me 🥱
We need more Conan videos
Trevor Noah did great taking over and I love what they are doing right now with the Daily Show. All these talented hosts getting their spot without being burned out. Super fun!
All I can think of is that Monty Python and the Holy Grail bit, "Then they ate the minstrils and there was much rejoicing".   There will be much rejoicing indeed.🎉🤌
Eddy should get a late night show where he just makes fun of his own show
I still dont understand how Corden got the job. TV actor and stage shows in the UK... late night TV host in the US... ?
This will surely effect the trout population
It is honestly shocking to me that Leno had any fans left AT ALL after what he did to Conan. I'm so glad that Conan gained such a following and had such a successful show, he's genuinely the only late night host that I find enjoyable.
My favourite late night host will always be Graham Norton. Much more entertaining than any of his American competitors
all i see when i look at you is a james pumphrey with a moustache
0:05 no, nobody does
I bareback every Burback video as fast as possible. Eddie and Tony are both special gems that brighten all the are involved with.
if i was stuck at that crosswalk i'd run james corden over
My only source of serotonin is getting a notification  that Eddy uploaded
Can’t believe eddy single-handedly killed late night tv smh
People are tired of the hosts politicalizing every show. Most people watch TV as a form of escapism but the hosts cant out of the way of their own pompous egos.
Thank the lord that we are killing this bullshit
Can't wait til my ex watches this because I introduced her to your channel.
Conan deserves better than a being on a thumbnail with the rest of those shills.
Good, it's time for it to die.
The duology has become a trilogy!
Rating Eddy Burback's Late Night trilogy a 5 star on letterboxd, because this is true cinema.
I’m going to pretend I’ve watched the video so I can comment early
Hi
It is funny how this video comes out right as the writers strike has put late night on hold.
tv is dead medium nobody watches it anymore let it die
Eddie I've been waiting for some shit like this!! always delivering
I’d let him Eddy my Burback in the back of a ghost kitchen while watching Jimmy Fallon,  or whatever this video is about
Good thing Eddy uploaded, i was starting to consider watching late night tv
Since i grew up with Adult Swim & anime channels, and still love them, I luckily never got attached to late night shows.
here super early
The only one i can watch without wanting to die. Is Conan, he seems to be the only one that feels... human.
Late Night With the Burback Boys. I would watch the heck out of that.
oh my god welcome back king
Sick stash homie
It's always great to see another upload from Eddy.
The death
Another ting murdered by the internet, for better or for worse.  (i would say for the better)
Eddy make this recipe its really good.  4 chicken breasts 2 cups Buffalo hot sauce 1 packet of ranch ½cup of chicken stock 3 ribs of celery chopped and 1 crock pot Put the chicken in the crock pot, mix all the ingredients outside the crock pot and then pour it attop the chicken and cook it on low for 6 hours. Then take the chicken out and place it in a bowl and shred the chicken in the bowl and throw a cup or 2 of the liquid left in the crock pot to give it more flavor and moisture.
4 minutes ago let’s gooooo
the war on late night is a fucking great read on O'Brien and Leno.
🐴
I spent my life savings on a paris hilton nft thanks to Jimmy. I am now a millionaire just like her
That’s why I prefer the Eric Andra show as the god tier of late night show
where were u when late night tv was kil?
Mom wake up! Eddy posted B)
the trilogy!
I hate to slap on a boomer hat despite not even being legally allowed to drink.  But if you go back to Johnny Carson and even Letterman interviews theyre way smarter and in depth. Talk shows nowaday after jerry springer have become dumbed down to fit a more consumerist nature pushed by tv execs.  Even conan as much as i love him never had the same in depth interviews that the older model followed.
this premiered as im waiting for my law professor to post our final,, sorry janet you’ll have to wait, sir burback posted a new video
everyone talks about the abbey road crosswalk, I'm all about the Corden crosswalk. Honestly though eddy, the 14th time you walk across feels the best.
Im so happy to see that Late Night TV is dying
Y’all remember when Lily Singh to do a late night tv show🤣🤣🤣…
Get 32% off 1-3 Displates and 42% off 4+ Displates with code EDDY at https://displate.com/burback
jacob geller and eddy burback??? we eating today
Discovered the channel and was randomly watching videos. Very happy to see a fresh upload!
been WAITING 4 another Eddy Burback vid about late night, the first 2 were fire and i used to go back and rewatch the first one bc i liked it so much. esp since Conan had his last nite, i rlly wanted 2 c another Eddy vid on late nite. ty Burb
EDDY BURBACK IS **BACK**
OMG OMG
Great video Eddy! Cant wait for you to go back to Rainforest so you can get more than 300 views! /lh
I used to look forward to staying up late at night as a kid but now it’s all just, for lack of a better term, cringe
RIP it wont be missed
I'll just rewatch this video every night for the rest of my life instead.
Unpopular opinion: late night TV is past my bedtime
I think you're too generous
Late night TV is horrible…I can’t stand any of the hosts at all….propagandists….another thing I have to add is that nothing has actually changed , not within people anyways, the direction of where freedom is going (down) has changed. You don’t have free thinking being allowed on TV anymore….it’s pretty obvious.
im gonna pee your pants if you don't upload more
A moment of silence for those NBC execs who picked Jay Leno over David Letterman and Conan O'Brien.  Jay Leno's most famous for being that dude still cracking Monica Lewinsky jokes in 2023
I think you're too generous
Back to watering hole
YouTube is to late night TV as TikTok is to Vine. The platforms garner millions of new viewers, yet I still feel sad inside when I watch them.
this video is so handsome
Foist.
who's jimmy kimmel
Hi dad
Eddy Video day made
only 7 views 30 seconds after uploading?? I think your ratings are going down, burback..
Does the legend reply?
Thank you!
I've been waiting for your post. Thank you good sir🫡
Rip brah
It’s impressive how much Seth Meyers has grown just in the past four years. He’s without a doubt the best host out now.
Babe wake up a new eddy burback video is out
Damn, I’m here pretty early hi 👋
Eddy posted, Damn, now I have to go buy food and roll up a joint before I can watch 😔
Eddy casually came out of nowhere after 2 months to talk about disastrous state of Late Night, glad you remembered your password
Babe wake up new ebby
Lesggooo edddyyy
wahoo
I had just binged your other late night show videos, this will be great👍
Late night from eddy
Mom new eddy just dropped!
I was just waiting for this video after the latest news of James Cordon stopping.
Kiss me daddy Mario 😘
Eddy is looking more of a dad every time I see him😂
I forgor i was subscribed
Peepeepoopoo
woo! WOOOO! Eddy back at it again!
I’m a little too early
screw exams eddy uploaded
furt
Ooooooh weeeeee. And new Wetty Buttback  video
BEEFY BOYS
This a video?
holy shit 40 seconds
I like to pretend eddy is standing in my room staring at me silently at night before i sleep, thats kind of like my own late night tv if you think about it. Thanks eddy :)
the way I just went back last week to watch your first two late night videos. get out of my headdy burback
38 seconds lets gooo
Nice stache
It's been only 2 eddy and you already post, damn dude that's better than Drew gooden
FIRST
we need the late show with eddy ninepins
First 13 seconds of this video are great eddy ❤️
cool vid
I'm starting to think this guy is interested in late night TV
I can’t believe this video started with Eddy murdering Jimmy Kimmel in cold blood! Banger as always
Wearing my finest suit for this new Burback joint
Hi eddy
new eddy burbackshots
Eddy it's finals week, of course I'm going to put off studying to watch your new video
RIP Eddy
Never clicked so fast
Guess im first
The return of Eddy talking about late night 💪💪
EGGY!!
🎉
finally, a good video
The trilogy is complete...
i love u eddy
Alas, the Late Night Trilogy is complete.
jeez here we go again
I’ve been waiting for another Burback slapper of a video. Thank you, Eddy.
Oh yeah!
eddy boy is back
IM EARLY YEEEEEEEEEAAAHHHHH
Literally first, Eddie have my kids
Hell yes brother
Mother
The thrilling conclusion to the iconic trilogy
The trilogy is complete!!!
real
YESSSSSSSS
New ed
Babe wake up it’s Eddy day
First?
Last
yay! a new Eddy post
pog video
First?  EDIT: First.
Hot and fresh eddy,aw sheet
Fist me
Yes
Eddy is my daddy
1st
first
