i would play @ the 60fps mode. 30fps is awful, but 1080p is also very bad.
Still one of the best looking games even after so many years. On the PS5 Pro, even more! 🤟
hows your new denon headphones works in video games vs sennheiser?
Why is this still one of the best looking console games and PC Games despite no Ray Tracing? I can say the same for Horizon Zero Dawn on PS5 and PC before the Remaster even the Remaster and Forbidden West even more so along with the most recent God of War games. I also put FF XV on PC into that Category sadly not FF VII Rebirth.
14:56 Oh hello there 👋
Any odds these games will be updated for the PS6 with full ray tracing?   I'm getting to this so late in the gen that I'm wondering if waiting till ps6 kicks off would make sense.
This is what the PS5 generation should have been. Late PS4 aesthetics with improved performance all around the board (preferably with native res).
Game is noticeably blurry on PS4 after seeing Ps5
Western developer does’t know how to make game that look and play this good anymore.
Adaptive trigger on this game is fenomenal
I can not change the settings. I just have 30 fps in the story and the survival mode. There is no performance mode in the settings... How can I change this? I have the Ps5 Pro
Motion Blur....... 🤮🤮🤮
pc destroys the ps5 pro in graphics if you want to see the real  glory of this game go pc land and you will never look back
This is the reason why im still happy on my ps4 pro. Games still look great and it doesn't make the experience noticably lesser.
So I'm just playing this on ps5 pro. Fidelity has a 40fps target now and there is a toggle to remove fps cap. I swear it feels about 60fps with vrr. I am very disappointed in the motion blur still. Almost isn't there. Uncharted 2 was the first time I saw an extremely well done motion blur and I kind of expect it in uncharted now, but it kind of sucks on this one.
Still looks better than a lot of ps5 games out there
Anyone tested Performance+ on the Pro?
Concerning that load issue with uncharted lost legacy. Perhaps you still have data from other version of the game. I noticed some issue like this with had now with remastered. I had the free version from covid but deletes it. The save data was kept and caused issue when I tried loading save data from the PS4 version. Though it did show save game. Your issue didn't show anything
"...it seems the motion blur is less exaggerated..." THANK GOD FOR THAT! i was almost vomiting from any slow moving camera.
Although Uncharted 4 already looked exceptionally good on PS4, this collection makes it look so damn good. Hard to believe how good it looks in fidelity mode. It's like one of the best looking PS5 games out there and that's saying a lot. We need more Uncharted!
First time I have seen someone who likes motion blur
Just got a new samsung 75 inch tv. The update on it with VRR is unbelievable. Gonna play this thieves collection again.
Daaaam this PS5 version of game still puts newer games of 2023 too shame . AMAZING GAME
i bought this pack , costed me 1199,rs on my ps5  for refence its approx 14.5 us dollar
The state of this game right now is terrible. The framerate is choppy and stuttering. I switched back to the PS4 Pro version on my PS5, and it plays way smoother.
So what looks better 60 fps wit the graphic detail or 120 fps wit the graphic details
Damn, how awesome this game is...
I only Play Games where i can Turn Motion blur Off 😂😂
Remember the differences in Graphics between PS1 to PS2 to PS3? These were huuuuge leaps. Nowadays, you have to look at the differences frame by frame to even notice them. I think  "Remasters" of PS4 titles are not really justified as such. In my opion, it's just another effort to squeeze out more money of an existing IP for another round.
Anyone else think this game couldve easily run at 4k 60?
Why is every video review guy never, Ever! Using a monitor with HDR enabled when screen recording yet..giving us a review about video quality? You don't even have all the tech turned on to review every highest quality the games designer's offer to visually even stunning yourselves,  so of course your Bias on so much 😂
Plus.. nobody pays attention to long distance details when there's a character right infront of you. You pay attention to all the camera angles near & far around you and how details of your characters clothes looks and the fibers of the materials.
There is no Multiplayer in this package of This game , so i don't know why he brought that up. 😬
Mine is glitchy as hell and it's been out for a year, stuttering, screen flickering, NPCs pop in and out. Just a bump in resolution and FPS isn't worth it unless you get it dirt cheap, luckily I got it for $20.
It's cool they took your advice fidelity mode now is forty frames
A $500 Console that plays new AAA Games at 1440p at 60fps on a standard 4k 60Hz TV is hard to beat . Not going out to buy a 120Hz TV with HDMi 2.1 and VRR any time soon.
One update - The Fidelity mode is now 40fps on 120hz displays
I have started playing the game again on PS5 and was amazed how good the character rendering was.
Anyone else having performance problems on the ps5 version? In fidelity mode Lost Legacy drops many Times to like 15 fps. I never had this with any other game on my ps5. It is unplayable and destroys the experience.
The one big change I really do notice now going back is the colors, for some reason I feel that the ps4 version now looks incredibly washed out
On PS Plus now!
120 frames is extremely overrated.
There is so much headroom in this game that regular performance mode runs 100-120 fps with VRR, making 120fps performance mode redundant.
Been waiting for this to come to ps plus. Can’t wait to boot this up at 120hz next week.
They have 40fps fidelity and uncapped frame rate now
I absolutely love the PS5. I have the Series x to, but the PS5 is absolutely superior. I haven’t seen a single FPS drop in about 7 games I’ve tried so far. Whilst the Series x suffers in performance, which doesn’t make any sense.
Is the gameplay any different in the remastered version?
I guess I'm a heathen lmao. I hate motion blur. With a passion.
Just because of this video I bought the game. Man it looks so visually appealing.
1440p scales well to a 4k screen and id rather have 60fps any day over a small bump to me in resolution and get a 30fps game.
Oh, the last good game before Naughty Dog went woke. You could see it happening in this game and It got worse in Last of Us. Also considering your eye can't really tell over 60 fps. I think you'll be fine. You only "notice" because you are telling yourself you do.
Nice visuals but U4 is a snorefest tbh
The Lost Legacy drops to 90FPS for me quite regularly
Anyone else getting stutter in this game on ps5 just bought it on sale and noticing stutter everytime new area/cutscenes is being loaded in
I've played these games so many times I'm not interested anymore. Especially extra foliage, building details, and so on. I played the game for the fun, and story. And beautiful graphics that it's always had. I'm not that nitpicky about these miniscule details they point out on many of these titles. There is no NIGHT and DAY difference, so I find it pointless. As do most regular gamers. If I found something to be amazingly beautiful in the game, I took a screen shot, and left it at that. We need new titles, showcasing what these consoles are really capable of, and way more psychics based gameplay, with buildings blowing up, time slowing, stopping, reversing etc. Let's get creative and stop worrying about graphics so much. And I played this at 60fps and could barely tell any difference, 30 for these types of games is just fine. As they are suppose to be cinematic anyway. But a great time to get people into these games. I've already had my fill, 10 or 15 times through...even the first 3 games. So you can see my point lol.
Wasn't motion blur created because 5th generation consoles couldn't even hit 24 fps?
They'll do wonders with PS5....close to real life than ever before more than likely
Thanks for giving info that the game is fully present in the disk. Precious to know since someone may want to unseal and the play the game in the far future where patching or downloading will be impossible!!!
I can appreciate the RIDICULOUS  amount of work that this video took to produce, but I think it would have been better to compare the PS5 with the PS4 standard rather than the PRO since very few people bought the PRO but did but the STANDARD PS4. I suggest that those people would like to know if it is worth upgrading from the PS4 (which is still a good console) to the PS5.
I wish I had 120Hz tv.
And in three days it comes to PC
I hope the LOD for Madagascar is better
Ok I can tell that it looks SLIGHTLY better on PS5 but not enough to justify any price. They should just give this for free to anyone who bought it before. Seriously I am squinting and watching this on a 4k 120hz tv and I cannot see a massive difference . There's some added assets,better draw distance,less pop in ,and contrast adjustments but I do not see anything massive.
Waiting a minute for loading makes a level select “unusable.” C’mon, that’s a little dramatic
40 fps. No smart delivery on PS5. Shame on your greed Sony
Hi digital foundry.  I've noticed something odd with Legacy of thieves.  It is either because of the VRR update or the latest 1440p update on PS5.  On my Sony X95H tv which is a 4k tv, HDMI 2.0 and capable of 120 fps.  Legacy of thieves is only displaying in 1080p no matter what performance mode I choose.  Other games like Gran Turismo 7 are playing in 4k for me.  Nobody seems to be mentioning it on the web
My favorite games of all times i'm Henry avery
30fps is not cinematic. Deal with it.
Well PC version coming this October! I hope they put the first 3 Uncharted games to the PC in the future.
Btw the game received a new patch recently with options to unlock the framerate and furthermore have the 4K/40 Fps option :)
New 40 fps patch available
This is the perfect example of why 1440p 60fps should be the standard for next-gen games
Wack, uncharted 4s multiplayer was beastly. Sony some cheap pos scamming people
How do i set 60 fps? I have only 4k30 on ps5 I cant find the option to change res or something (im new to ps).
All looks the same tell yourself it doesn't so pissing ur money away doesn't hurts as bad
What do you have against us "anti-motion blur" people? 😂
I can't understand why they don't uncapped the ps4 version of games in general so they run better on ps5
you have really good eye for all these details, like that grenade's shadow. TBH in this cutscene in particular I'm too busy looking at Nate's cleavage than the grenade at his belt
This is unacceptable, should do the whole series.. Lol, i really love this game and uncharted 4 looks really amazing on PS4 pro (i dont have PS5 yet :(  But i looking forward for PC version as well.. That latest spiderman on PC looks very astonishing in my 3070 (1440P very high settings)... I guessing uncharted series will be super crazy detail graphics on PC
Anyone else experience stuttering when entering a new area? I have this every time I go around a corner an new elements need to be loaded in. I’m playing in fidelity mode btw. It’s so bad I started playing the PS4 version again which runs smooth the whole time
Till this day, i still can't understand how people like Motion blur? ESPECIALLY, when you have a 120hz+ gmaing monitor.
at 4:26 the resolution difference is insane! Just look at the hanging sign; at 1080p it's impossible to make out any details. Compare that to 4K and it's just insane.
Can we please acknowledge that we just aren't ready for 4k 60 yet, at least not on console? 1080p and 1440p are just fine and don't hinder the performance of most games. I would much prefer 120fps across the board than 4k if the trade-off is performance. It's sad that we still have these conversations about resolution when performance is KEY to the gaming experience. Until we get to the point that hardware can handle 4k 60 FLAWLESSLY then I would hope devs would focus on graphics and performance over resolution. What good is a 4k game when you get a better experience from the lower resolution version? 1080p is NOT low res, we are dealing with extremist and elitists that would rather tank the hardware with as many performance killing "features" such as resolution. P.S. 1080p IS full hd, even though 4k is definitely sharper it is not NECESSARY. Can we please move on, smart people?
The save file happens when you try to use a disc version load on a digital version of the game.
John is the best DF reviewer! I would love to support your specifically
When sony remasters a game. You are definitely not missing anything
I'll never understand this dudes motion blur fetish. It's eyewatering most of the time.
Give me 1080p with 120 frames over 4k with 30 frames any day.
One of the worst and boring saga ever!!! So snoring
Naughty Dogs shows, attentions to details makes a game looks good through a long time.
i don’t think a 40fps mode is a wise choice with oled tvs, if they did something like that the target should be 48fps as most oleds thrive in the 48-120 fps mode anything below 48fps on a oled tv looks choppy .
The game on my PS5 lags and stutters a lot !! From internal and nvme storage! The game is just so lagging on my console! Any fix ?
Glad I am no chump and can afford my 3080ti/4090 and play the game correctly.
Now that I have the ps4 version of lost legacy for free with plus... Should I get this for ps5 still?
Do the Resident Evil upgrades next!
I've been taking off motion blur features on every game since I got a ps4 pro and then when I got a gaming pc and first experienced 120-144hz more and more I hated motion blur. It makes the entire game seem smeared like if you spinning on a merry go round or a Carousel. And growing up those things make me vomit. In the real world I do get a bit seasick on boats if I'm on it for hours too. I guess motion blur isn't for me. Tbh aside from making me nauseous it greatly diminishes the clarity and detail of any game it's implimented in. Games that are played at 30fps is illogical the 2020's and using motion blur to compensate for gaming fluidity just means to me the game is poorly developed.
YouTube needs to start supporting 120fps
Didn't like uncharted 4 on PS4
Same textures as PS4 version
It's the same graphics as PS4 pro   Version
Crazy how little fps affects the game yet people talk so much about it....it's like going to a theme park but complaining how the food stall was closed lol
Naughty dog honestly is taking filmmaking and video game cinema-tics to the next level what other video game company literally made a movie for one of its games (uncharted) and then an HBO contract for the last of us. I honestly play theses games because its like playing a legit series with theses franchises not just a game I’ve cried and I legit wanted to beat sh@! Out of this fictional characters becuz its seem so real lol I can’t what to see what naughty dog brings to ps5 !
No lie, the ps4 pro version still looks amazing!
Me, I am the heathen.
So I'm just seeing that the PS5 upgrade is $10 and I get the Lost Legacy dlc with it. didn't know that was an option, think I'll get it since I don't need to own both for the upgrade
This games were made with only 4 TFLOPS on PS4 pro... So imagine what they can do with 12 TFLOPS on Xbox series X or PS5 . They are rushing games and forgetting performance and graphics. In my opinion
This on PC 😬😬😬
PC port with a few enhancements, running 4k 120fps would be insane. Havent gamed at under 4k for about 10 yrs now
30fps should not be an option in 2022. They should just stop it. That game plays worse, and it just shows what people who cant/won't play 30fps are missing graphically.  Also, why aren't the graphics enhanced more in this version? The changes don't at all justify paying for the game again. It's just typical Playstation greed. When a game is released again, on a new generation ofæf consoles, they should look the part. This game does not. It's basicly the same game, just better framerate.  Not good enough again from Playstation.
Is raytracing available on 120fps
14:56 that body jumping XD
The 120 FPSmode + looks like it's VRR. If so i don't have a problem with that.
i think its funny how digital  foundry took  a shit on the batman remaster 45fps cap on the xboxone x but they keep sucking sonys dick when it comes to a 40 fps cap . the xbox was caping titles in the 40fps range last gen so the vrr monitors could fill in the blanks and xbox also had 3d audio last gen and xbox had haptic triggers
these "fidelity" modes really need to make 40fps the bare minimum.
the motion blur in uncharted is horrible, I always turn it off. Dont know how anyone think it looks good.
Well well well, never finished Uncharted 4 and didn't play the other one at all. If I can pry myself from GT 7 I might pick these up. Love ya work!
Why the HELL would you want MORE motion blur at 60FPS or any at all at 120 FPS?!? This is literally the opposite of what you should be doing...
The fact that they couldn't get this to run at 4k 60fps is laughable.
I'm so happy they remastered this game uncharted 4 was so much better on PS5 one of my top favorite uncharted games
Is this only playstation exclusive game what runs 120fps?
Fidelity, makes sense. But... Performance? And performance+? Just called them Fidelity, Balanced, and Performance god damn they can't do anything simple 🤣🤣
Wish there was Dualsense for TLOU2, it really enhanced Uncharted imo
making older ps4 games gwet 60 fps on ps5 is trhe right way to go SONY!
I just hope that this game gets a VRR update. I'll buy it then.
no big different so right now !
Motion blur is used to hide lower frame rates, so why wouldn’t you want to disable it when using the higher frame rate options?
A VRR update that unlocks the framerate would be welcome and that 40fps mode
I can't wait to play this on PC
This game is so fantastic. 4k mode looks so sharp and 30 fps is actually fine. But 1440p 60 is great. Not decided :p
I just don't see the need for motion blur when playing at 60fps
anyone know how to make uncharted 4 campaign run on 60 fps.. i have the lost legacy on the ps5 and i have performance mode on and it still won’t budge , only multiplayer is on 60 fps which is kinda dumb .
It's 2022 and the "NEXT GEN" Consoles still can't run OLDER games at a solid 4K 60Fps... 🤦Smh. Console gamers.... GETCHA WEIGHT UP SON!!!
When is the PC version coming out?
You know, until this review, I had assumed that there were some technical limitations to hot swapping framerate/resolution modes. Are there any games out there that are balancing these modes to switch between the fluidity of 60fps during intense action scenes and the beauty of higher resolution during slower scenes automatically? Are there technical or playability issues with something like this?
If only horizon forbidden west performance mode ran as good as this. 😭😭
3:10 What is wrong with those trees?
50 pavos por esto, que robo y encima pocas mejoras y sin multijugador. Meh
So that Uncharted movie?..... How awesome is the uncharted games! Although I can't really notice alot of difference between the PS4 n 5 so it could be my TV so imma gonna invest in a decent telly now but I've been told a PC monitor is better than a tv, so that's what I'll be doing next because I gotta check out that 120hrtz mode
Now i want to see  how the pc version will look
how do i change the mode? i have this collection but there’s no 60fps option
Mom:  You already own this game on PS4!  Why do you want the PS5 version?  Son:  The motion blur is slightly increased on a rock that Sam tosses in the air when zoomed in at 10x
Really good analysis as always, really excited to replay the games on PS5 🙌
Did they remove film grain yet like how come last of us 2 has peak accessibility setting with even field of view.
for me, I don't really care about the graphics improvement in PS3, 4 or 5, unless we are comparing to NES or Atari 8bit. The gameplay is the most important thing for what defines a good game.
Will be playing this on my steam deck :)
I’d rather play with better frame rates then graphics I’d probably choose 1080P 120fps
Best graphic mode?
No need for motion blur at 120FPS, that all happens in your eye at that rate.
I can't wait to play these on the pc
You're so right! Why there is no 40fps mode??? That's a shame.
even tho the performance+ is 1080p@120hz, why does the ps5 say its 3840x2160@120hz. so is it for fidelity and performance ps5 says 4k@60 for both! and why is the game in HDR when HDR clearly is toggled off(ps5 and tv say its hdr)? ps5 and lgolede9 doesnt recognise the specification or what? and what about the ps5 internal performance or fidelity mode, the console doesnt switch between the settings when set to game specific. but man does this game look good, i'm very surprised, and this game is one of the few games who look even better when lg oled motion is on. no flickering no nothing just improvement! e9 rgborycbcr422 at 12 bit is quiet amazing. my tv's hidden (11111)menu shows the info at fidelity: 4k@29,94hz rgb/ycbcr422 at12bit 8.9gbps performance: 4k@59,94hz rgb/ycbcr422 at 12bit 8.9gbps performance+4k@119,94hz rgb/ycbcr422 at 8bit 11.89gbps but these infos are not correct, as you guys showed! i wonder why
Which is better performance or fidelity mode
why not 4k with 60 fps????
Wonder what the PC version will look like...
Now they should do the Nathan Drake Collection
I remember when i play uc4 on my base ps4 i thought i was playing this game on a high end pc bro!
Note 3D audio was actually added on PS4 with the Platinum headset.
The reason naughty dog doesn't use dynamic resolutions is because they are incredibly good at optimizing their code. Both the CPU and GPU utilization tends to be incredibly consistent. If you unlocked frame rates, you wouldn't see much variation at all, meaning dynamic resolution wouldn't be very useful.
This really should have been a free upgrade, compared to games with free upgrades like metro this barely gives you anything extra
CRANK DAT BLUR!
honestly who uses motion blur its the first thing i turn off in every game
I think I'm blind. Can't tell a difference in 30 fps and 60 fps.
cmon, the differences between console generations get more and more slight and subtle...I mean from psx to ps2 there was a remarkable step, to 3 once more...but now we have nothin better to do but talkin details? If you cant grab a PS5, you easily get along with your PS4 without the feelin of playin stone age graphics , or what
Only at digital foundry would they complain how you don't notice motion blur at *120fps* lmao
I'll admit, I completely avoid 120fps modes on PS5 games because of the lack of VRR. I was initially thinking I wouldn't notice the drops, but the judder it causes is really egregious. Really depressing because I'd love to play through Uncharted 4 in 120 fps. Maybe I'll give it a shot since the drops seem to be somewhat minimal
Naughty Dog are gods of games.Reason why Sony is the leader.Loving them!
The sweet spot is 4K 60hz that’s it.
60 bucks for bump in resolution and frames and a bitt better LoD. LOL Pay has no limit
PS6 will finally get 4K at 120hz.
the performance plus mode is so good. Never seen a game look like that before. My gaming PC's could never do that and if I want my current one to be able to I have to spend another thousand bucks on components at least :(
Do yourself a favor and play this game in 4k30 outside of combat. This game looks so good. Probably the best looking game I have ever seen
I own these two games independently from my PS4 days. Are these improvements available to those version as well, or do they make you repurchase the games?
I wish they remastered The Nathan Drake Collection as well.
Can't wait to see "The Last of us Collection" with the re-make and TLOU2's PS5 upgrade alongside the Factions game. Gonna be insane!
Still amazes me how UC4 can run so well on PS4 yet Knack can barely run at all lmao
I already thought 3D on PS4 with the Platinum Headset was awesome
Still gonna be one more generation until you get 4k solid 60 on a game with high graphically fidelity.
When will PC version release!
and dying light 2 cant even give us anything above 1080p at 60fps what a joke. THis game looks just as good and they achieved 1440p at 60fps.
idk how smudging the game makes it look any better, but okay.
Is 1440P supported on PS5?
Performance mode all the way. Tried fidelity and it is a choppy 30fps. I'm not saying it doesn't run at 30, it just appears choppy to me. Specifically dynamic shadows are terrible. Performance + is just too much of a graphical downgrade.
When did ‘before and after’ get replaced with ‘after and before’ in split screen?
which mode is best for the best graphics?
So, they've basically copied free patch and labeled it as performance mode for U4. And want 10 bucks for it (12,5 in my country). That's a HUGE disappointment, was expecting 60 fps at much higher resolution. At least Lost Legacy is included and patched as well. Uncharted is such a cinematic experience that I might actually stay at 30 fps to get at least some upgrade over free patch and experience it native 4k.
No Dynamic resolution is indeed sad, but whats more of a bigger turn off for me is, that it doesn't run in 4K @ 60FPS, when the console could just handle it. It just shows, how much developers ain't really fully utilizing the PS5. I mean its not even a next-gen game. Waiting for the superior PC version then.
Great job as usual DF;)  Very disappointed with this remaster on the other hand, how can we have a Ghost of Tsushima PS5 in 4K native 60fps with textures and lighting redone, in an open world what's more, and we find ourselves with 1440p on PS5 in a game in semi-corridor ... with almost no work except the 60fps ...! But this is what Ghost Of Tsushima did with a free 60fps upgrade ! We have one of the most incredible game of the PS4 generation, and Naughty Dogs comes to explain us that the 10 tera flops of the PS5 are just to unlock the failed frame of the game...it's just not serous. Very very disappointed personally by this remaster.
waiting for pc release.. rtx 3070 is ready 😁🔥
thanks a lot! really well explained
does the $10 -PS5 upgrade take advantage of the dual sense controller?  I am really wanting these games as they look beautiful but I also want sense controls
does ps5 support 1440p monitors now?
Also I don’t know what is taking Sony so long to add VRR support. This title running at target 120 FPS would benefit immensely from VRR! Basically making the frame rate drops just that much harder to notice
I’m confused why there’s not a Fidelity+ mode for 120hz displays. On 120 hz displays it would’ve been nice to see a 40 FPS option locked at 4K
had a great time replaying these titles in Performance + mode. It still cracks me up with complaining about everything
Uncharted on 120fps sounds like a dream. Can't wait for PC release, 144 and more.
09:30, i always turn things like motion blur and film grain off, is there a reason for your preference of motion or is it one of those things you just cant put words to why you like it?
I don't see an option for Performance Plus. Only the Fidelity and Performance. Does this mean I'm running the PS4 version on my PS5? Or does it mean that my monitor doesn't support 120fps?
120FPS?!?! BRUH WHAT
"one of those heathens who don't like motion blur" so, like, everyone?
Looked like a ps5 game even when it came out! ND are truly masters of the craft
120fps is way to slow for my crazy reflexes. i need 480fps.
Does this game trophies transfer over from the old PS4 version(s) to the new PS5 version?
QUESTION: I have a 120Hz 4K HDR10 Samsung OLED(/QLED) Smart TV. Even with that said, I STILL CAN'T enable 120FPS on Uncharted 4 Remastered on my PS5! The HDR works, but the Performance Plus Mode simply "doesn't exist" basically... I can't see/find it anywhere in the settings... all I see is Fidelity Rendering Mode, and standard Performance Mode... so...? What!?
Hey @Digital Foundry,  I have a question 🤔 I recorded 2 Gameplays with my PS5 in 4K and uploaded it here on YouTube straight from the PS5. Why does my uploaded videos look much worse than the recorded videos in my media gallery? They are WebM files. Do I have to convert them into MP4? Colors are washed out and it looks like 1080p. The games look ridiculously good actually and are super clean.
Funny how 1080p is fine for this game but not fine for others. Hmmmm.
18:49 the option to upload your save file from PS4 to a PS5 sucks. With Wreckfest and AC Valhalla, the game fail to recognize a lot of trophies, forcing you to either restart the game, or delete your gamesave and start all over. I wont risk with U4, and neither done it with No Mans Sky. Also, f*** Bugbear.
Great in depth performance analysis as always. Owning the digital PS4 Uncharted 4 it cost me 10 euros to receive the PS5 enhancements and Lost Legacy. It was a pretty good deal. Now I'm revisiting these two masterpieces that are so imersive like you get to play a movie. The greatest series of playstation for me.
This video mostly just goes to show how utterly gorgeous the original game was. That could be released today and nobody would blink an eye at the fidelity.
My favorite Playstation gaming franchise! Naughty Dog are masters of their craft. Issue is they release a new title every 5 or so years the wait is painful!
I thought ps5 doesnt support 1440p?
Wtf? NO VR NO BUY, who is really still interested in flatscreen video games?? it's 2022 the only people who are still into this garbage are folks who are too afraid to try VR cos they heard someone got a little bit sick once. Prolly the same people who never learned to ride a bike cos they can't see how something with two wheels doesn't fall over.
1.30min and already an advert. I am all for ads with free content but you guys are taking the piss.
What a stupid game, I even couldn't finish it. He kills people like he buys a soda. Fuck, he killed thousand of people and just ha-ha-lol at the end. For what?! I just can't bear it during the play. Don't get me wrong, I understand that this is just a game. And I'm ok to kill enemies in games with a special setting for this. But this one is like Indiana Johns, it's fucking a journey for a rare things! It's not a Contra Hard Corps or a Doom for a fuck sake! So I don't feel it's real and can't associate myself with that stupid behaviour like I'm a crazy psycho with a chainsaw.  As the opposite — the last of us game by the same studio. Much better at this.
LOL, imagine wanting motion blur at 120 fps, like buying a ferrari to drive it at 60m kph
Excellent quality and great 's authentic and genuine! I love this 100% effective method for this game so unique and for sharing.
As someone with an older TV that can only do 1080p.   I am so happy to see the Performance+ mode for 1080.
3:10 Long distanced trees as sprites are hideously out of place (lighting is off) in the PS5 version.
Performance mode was the way to go for me. A beautiful balance of graphics and frame rate. I could not play in Fidelity mode, way too much stutter. Supposedly it was locked at 30fps but it felt less than that.
Is the hdr les washed out now ?
so whats he verdict for people with 4k 120 hz tv's? the performance plus or the the 60 or 30 fps?
Need to be honest, came here to have a glimpse of what the pc version' gonna look like. Impressive nevertheless. DF keeps making the best tech review
Golden Abyss standalone disk release for PS5?
Motionblur is not a feature, it is a cover for low framerate. So yes, remove it when you can.
Motion blur = Heathens? Your brain is 30fps
It really bothers me that the multiplayer isn't in there. In order for people to play it. They would have to download the PS5 version for best single player experience but also download one of the games PS4 version just to play multiplayer. Both games on PS4 have the same connected multiplayer so it doesn't make sense why the multiplayer isn't on the PS5 version. I hope they add later
cringe that you excuse them of the mp portion, when a lot of people was looking forward to a soft reboot of the mp, especially since coming to pc with no mp. was a perfect chance of reviving it and more. can you all stop supporting upgrades/remakes/remasters if its dropping features???
If only Sony would get VRR on the system. I remember when they said it’s coming like a year ago. Sigh….
1440p for Performance? Will my 1440p gaming monitor run the game at 1440p, then? I thought the PS5 doesn't put out 1440p?
Playing it on performance mode with 60 fps right now. Tried the fidelity mode, but the sacrifice in fps just didnt feel worth it. The game looks really good as is on performance mode and playing on 60 fps is an amazing experience. The good thing is that switching between the graphics modes is instantaneous and doesnt require reboot of the game like AC:Valhalla where you have to restart the game every time you change graphics mode. Uncharted 4 is alreadya masterpiece and this upgrade edition is the best way to experience it without any doubt. I just wish Sony would make more uncharted games in near future.
Looks the same as on PS4. Wait for the PC Release
Why can't it do 4k 60? It's 2022 now.
I have a PC with Intel i7-11800H and RTX 3070. I always play in 1080p but with higher graphic settings and higher fps.  I don’t get why everyone is jacking off to 4K. I see more difference in applying higher graphic settings and smoother gameplay.
I love how great this game was and looked about 7 years ago. Now I love it even more just seems so smooth in the movement and just how great the detail is. I'm just glad I only had to pay $10 instead of the 50. When the price drops in a year or so ill buy the disc just to add to my UnCharted disc collection. Nice to see someone show all three side by side great work.
Every single game should have a motion blur option Ghost of Tsushima does not and it completely ruined my experience
Best protagonist ass in video games, now at 120 fps! My dear Chloe, how do you even get those jeans buttoned up?!?!
i would buy this game for 50 $, the ps4 version is fine.
4K mode looks so good that I actually have a hard time choosing the performance modes for once. Every bit of detail just pops out at you, droplets on the skin, details of mud ingrained into the characters. It’s insane how much detail is revealed by playing in 4K
I really like the 120fps mode. Finally get to show off what my TV can do.
Just waiting to see what it looks like on PC. I'm already seeing people making crazy mods.
Since I already played Uncharted 4 on PS4, Would I pay $50 for this? No but if you able to use the $10 upgrade offer then I would say go for it, so for the $10 I'm enjoying the updated version.
Playing Uncharted 4 at 60 fps was something I wanted to for a long time. Let alone 120.
Awesome vid
Team Heathen - take off to orbit and nuke motion blur below .... it's the only way to be sure.
60fps should have been free while playing in backwardscompatibility
They done nothing lol, a patch could have done this,but no they wanna charge you extra just for the name remaster 😂
Motion blur shouldn't exist :p
I have an uncharted 4 physical disc installed but the upgrade is still not working Its showing me the full price
I'd be curious to know if performance is affected on demanding games such as this when also broadcasting using the built-in feature of the PS5.  Is capture being handled by main GPU or is there a separate chip doing the work?  I'm interested in streaming Uncharted but not at the expense of diminishing my own experience.
14:25. No. A better workaround would be Sony adding VRR they falsely promised over a year ago.  Then you wouldn't need to arbitrarily set the frame rate to a certain number to better match 120 hz screens. It would dynamically adjust itself.
please tell me what is the correct sound level for 3d headphones?🙏🏼
Sony just remastering/remaking/directors cutting their way through the PS5 generation
To play the whole game in SDR and not even talk about the HDR in what's supposed to be a comprehensive graphics review is very odd. I have a plain LCD TV and still preferred the HDR on the PS4. It's not as saturated and intense as a lot of other games and movies, but that's what I like about it. It has a more naturalistic look than the SDR.
TIMESTAMPS
Strangely enough is the part where the dev studio offers an option to choose in game the 1440p. Yet PS5 does not support output at this resolution via HDMI.  Sony need to update their hardware and provide a range of output resolutions: including a quite common for monitors - 1440p.
would be great if they Brought the trilogy to pc at some point too... it would sell like crazy
When will the game release on pc?
For a console that says in the box 120fps 4k a 7 year old that cant do 60fps 4k native with a f paid upgrade is a joke and a slap in our faces but then again sony fanboys will all gladly pay for it (this is one of my favorite franchises but this is a f joke lol)
How does this game play 1440p on performance mode if the PS5 doesn't support 1440?
Was expecting 4k60 for all old gen games upgrade version
What's the base resolution of the 120 mode?
Right now ps4 pro is the better console...
Stick to the PS4 version which is the ultimate version and cheaper
Resume of the whole video , the best mode is performance mode .  There you go fellas save you a couple minutes of your life
I'm looking forward to the PC release, one day I hope they release Uncharted 2 for PC, I love that game.
The funny thing about Naughty Dog games is that they're so cinematic that I don't want to play them at 60 FPS. It just feels wrong to play what is basically an interactive movie above 30 FPS. Anything else, I'm a sucker for higher framerates.
Great review but I have to disagree with your assessment of the dual sense features. I do think they are very prevalent and game changing. The first thing I noticed was how much more weight and realism all of the weapons have in the ps5 version. Very impressive and probably one of my favorite changes ND made. I was also pleasantly surprised that they took the time to punch in the contrast better thereby increasing texture resolution. Overall a very well done upgrade well worth the $10 price point
Wow I heard it said and I have to agree.This collection looks better than most games that have come out this gen so far
You can upgrade the PS4 disc edition to the PS5 download version for only € 10 (the new PS5 game is € 45), and the 60fps is a big improvement over the original game. My anthem surround pre did not like 120fps to an LG Oled CX, screen just blanked - but I can live with 60fps.
performance mode seems to be the perfect equilibrate mode for 4k 60hz displays users
As someone who’s never played uncharted and is a first time Sony player on the Ps5 generation, I have been convinced to buy this version over the free PS4 version.
LOLLLL Another $ony's Stupid Delivery,  $10 Pay up upgrade.. or pay us again Suckers for minimal effort "Remaster ".. 😂.. Pay Has No Limit on the Paystation 5..🤣
Cant wait for the PC version
Looks decent. Might try it out
I hate the lost legacy, awful... pointing towards what Tlou2 was going to be.
The game stutters a lot for me, in a shooutout at libertalia it literally started to slow down and then it crashed. Does anybody else have this problem?
for me 60 fps is already good enough and now being able to play in on 120 fps is finna be fire! 🔥
Uncharted 4 still looks like a next gen game. I wonder what they will do with the ps5 hardware.
I don't get it. Why would anyone want a game like this to run at 60 fps? Isn't it the point that it looks like a movie and not a game? The vast majority of movies run at 24 to 30 fps.
Never finished Uncharted 4, guess now it's the time, I'm only missing the PS5 and a good TV 😵☹
Amazed how people are basically willing to pay for an upgrade that should have been a free patch. Unbelievable. These charges for upgraded setting sliders is getting ridiculous.
So excited to know what their next product is after LOU and Uncharted 😍
Pretty sad the multiplayer got cut, it would of been fun to play a couple matches.
Why would someone like motion blur? It's the first thing you usually turn off together with Chromatic Aberration.
i honestly cant comprehend graphics being better than uncharted 4 or God of War at this point
The most boring cringey ass games I have ever seen,  overrated big time lol
These clowns at Sony have 8k on the box and they are putting games at a 1080 mode???  wtf?  This shit should be 4k 120 standard.  I didnt pay $500 to run 1080 on this thing.
Not buying. Thanks tho
You're the heathen for liking motion blur.  I'm not investing in a high refresh rate screen just to smear shit all over it in motion.
I have the ps5, did not have the ps4 in last gen. But still did not play this one due to the lack of 60 FPS. But I will get this one in PC instead. With DLSS it will be a 3840 x 1620p ultrawide in my PC at 60 FPS easily.
Those Game Just dont need a remastered, that’s a fact. Just as last of us 1. PS5 is going to je the remastered masterpiece console, i hate that.  Give us news things sony and stop beeing l’azuréen !
If there's gonna be a sequel to the last of us part 2, the gfx is gonna be awesome. It also gonna be the end of ps5 life cycle
WHO like motion blur.. for real?!
Gotta say the PS4 pro version looks really really really good and sold me on console power coming from a 1080ti pc back when I bought the PS4 pro back in the day. Today I am enjoying the PS5 with my LG CX and having a blast.
It's really good!...but aliens fireteam elite is my main game right now.
PS5 still can't do native 4K 60 Frames
Can't wait for your Horizon II : Forbiden West surgery. ALL platforms,including base PS4.
Very good collection of games. You really don't need to add much more to the graphics, when it still looks so good in 2022.
Cant wait till it releases on steam. God of War has been really good 4k at 60fps with hdr it looks insane!
Can you not get the upgrade if you have the ps plus uncharted
These games are my two fav adventure games I've ever played. I had such a blast and was blown away from the graphics and cinematics. Makes me wanna buy a playstation again but I have an XBOX now.
I prefer fidelity mode not everything needs to be 60fps. A stable 30fps is better for me. I never benefited from a high frame rate
great stuff as usual john. thank you!
Am I the only who got noticeable frame drops during the opening boat section in performance mode?
120hz looks so good. Sure, 1440p would be great along with it, but still happy with the $10 upgrade.
Great review once again. I got the $10 upgrade as I never played the lost legacy expansion so for me this upgrade was a steal as I didn't have to buy lost legacy and the upgrade. I know a lot of people are mad to have to pay for the upgrade especially if they bought both games but man it plays and looks flawless on PS5. So for gamers who never played this game this is by far the best way to play it other than a high end PC. The only thing that does upset me is that the multiplayer did not get included as I would have loved to try the 120fps performance plus mode. Either way most people play the uncharted series for the single player experience. This at least will hold me down until Horizon Forbidden West and Elden Ring come out in February. Can't wait for both those games and please do a full analysis for the hardcore gamer in me. Love the level of detail in which you guys test and explain the ins and outs of games performances in all modes.
This is probably one instance where I would choose fidelity as this is such a cinematic kind of game I really don’t mind 30 frames. I’d probably check out performance though because all that movement at 60 is probably glorious. The 120 frames isn’t appealing as the drop in quality doesn’t justify the frames. It’s a single player game nothing I need 120 for, still cool it’s an option though.
There’s not much difference :(
In 120fps mode the game looks too arcade than cinematic.
15:35 game is definitely not liking 120hz
Hoping that most future  ps5 games have a 120hz mode available even at 1080p. Doesn't matter what game genre is, give the option.
I'm no expert & it could've been youtube but is that screen tearing at the bottom in 120fps?. Just asking.
Running this at 120fps on an OLED, even with the drop in resolution, is absolutely stunning
Not paying 15$ for a game I won't play again. This update should have been free.
Ps5 Pro one Mode to rule them all 😁
The 120HZ mode is my favorite too. I really didn’t expect that at all.
It's not a big big difference that would make me jump to get this game
Should have been a free upgrade for existing, loyal customers but in typical Sony fashion, they still try to milk you and double down on the $70+ PS5 standard price.
Not worth getting if you played the PS4 version already tbh
4k at 30fps only looks noticeable when standing still. In motion it's pointless because of all the judder and blur on edges
+Digital Foundry Obviously you test games always on the best hardware (PS5 + 4K Display). But what is not said between all the different modes: *What is the output on a regular 1080p or 1440p display?*   Is it even possible to use performance mode or fidelity mode on a 1080 display or is the output limited to performance plus since it would not make sense to render a game in 1440p just to output it in 1080p, does it? Although: on a 1080p display the PS5 only has to calculate 1/4 th of the pixels of fidelity mode. So does PS5 deliver high fidelity graphics and 120 fps on a 1080 display?  *But all in all it showes again: PS5 and Series X should have been marketed as 1440p consoles. Because for a base output with 60 fps this seems to be the resolution that this hardware can do.*  4K and 60 fps and "next gen" high details graphics like with ray tracing doesn't seem to be possible with this hardware.  Especially when you consider: these are older games, designed for PS4. And there is simply not enough power to deliver 4K 60 fps. Not to mention RT.
Hmm only 4k 30 weird gears 5 was 4k 30 on Xbox one x lol
You mentioned that 3D audio wasn’t originally designed for the PS4 version, but I do remember that the Sony Platinum headset supported a form of 3D audio and Uncharted 4 was one of the few supported games
2:38 Little does he know the MP of this game had me keeping my Playstation and this game for years. Sad they cut this like so many other games have cut their MP (Assassin's creed) in the "updated" releases.
Im going to be honest… 120 is the way to go for me… it feels so good… and my tv has some decent upscaling so… Im happy with it.
i might like motion blur more if u explained to me why you have such a love for it... maybe im missing something... until then i will continue to be a heathen... GOOD Day Sir LOL
I cant believe the fidelity mode runs at 30fps thats so sad, they shouldve just unlocked the frame rate we woulve gotten close to 60fps and vrr is on the way so it will still be smooth
Can barely tell but ps5 looks shinier??
Has anyone had Legacy of Theives crash or get stuck on a black screen when quiting to main menu??
A Tomb Raider fan, I'd like to try "Uncharted", but I'm not buying a Playstation for one game or franchise.  Those things aren't cheap, and I'm too much a keyboard & mouse guy.  I only grab a controller if I grab a retro or fighting game.  Maybe this will hit PC one day.  Still waiting for Bloodbourne on PC too.
I dont know I gutless consoles 1080p not too bad.... PC though would be busted lol haha I rather play fidelity mode
so... I'm not the only person that likes well implemented motion blur?  great analysis as usual, Thanks!
So if anything its just the framerate and loading that was really the only part of this game that was added. And we have to pay for this? It couldn't give us fans that bought the game a free update? And I paid for this game twice. physical and digital version. And you want me to pay another $15? Sony stop trying to milk me please.
9:21 - Somehow the motion blur on PS4 is even worse than I remember. Being able to disable that in Lost Legacy was such a blessing.  EDIT: If by "heathens" you mean "people who realize that games are not movies filmed at 24fps and shouldn't have motion blur at all" then sure. 🙂
Those 120fps mode frame rate dips really drive home that PS5 still needs VRR. It's a great feature on PC and Series X, and I miss it from time to time on PS5.
Played Uncharted 1-3. Got U4 on PS+ but never got around to playing it, and at this point will hold off even longer after seeing this listed on Steam.  Definitely getting this on PC 👍
4:28 - h-h-h-h-holy j-j-j-j-j-j-jud-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-der b-b-b-b-b-batm-m-m-m-m-m-man  That can't just be 30 fps, that surely also has to be bad frame pacing or something like that. I know 30 fps isn't that smooth, especially right next to a 60 fps version of the same thing. But even so, that looks worse than usual.  EDIT: Oh of course. It's slowed down 50% so we can see the 120fps. Can't believe I didn't think of that right away.
DF should mention local storage differences when comparing analyst. I havent bought an ssd yet so it would be much appreciated.
I just bought the upgrade and u get a free cinema ticket with the purchase
The fact that they want us to pay $10 for an ‘upgrade’ that is essentially a simple patch that offer companies have provided for free…is starting to get annoying.  If they added more visual effects, higher quality textures and did not strip the game of its multiplayer…then I would have welcomed the additional cost.
When I played the game today the loading was so fast it was taking me by surprise. I would press a level and as I’m reaching to get my phone to wait for the load it’s already done 😂
1440p is nearly identical to 4K for me on a 70 inch screen at 7 feet. How close are you guys sitting that need 4K/60
I tried but I can't do it.  In fidelity mode the visuals are great but the 30fps is killing me, actually makes me nauseated.  In performance mode the framerate is a lot smoother but the visuals at 1440p to me are night and day compared to the 4K.  It hurts my eyes to see the difference in visuals between the two.  Neither ever bothered me on PS4 probably because we didn't have an option.  Guess I'm waiting for the PC version which could be 6 months or more away for all we know.  What also stinks is that I like the 3D audio and dualsense features which probably won't work on PC.
Hoping with the Pc release we see DLSS 2.x implemented, so PC users can run it at 120+ without sacrificing too much on fidelity. Also really hoping both this and DSDC comes to PC with Duelsense features like Metro or Valhalla.
I had the same issue with savegames. I uploaded U4 saves on my old PS4 Pro - from local HDD to the cloud and my PS5 found them. Edit: But I think I downloaded them from the cloud back to SSD on PS5.
I don't care what frame rate they can hit I will never play any game on my ps5 and my 4k oled at 1080p 🤦‍♂️ what's the point 🤷
This game is a masterpiece!
This looks and plays like a next gen game on a ps5, and it came out roughly 7 years ago. Let that sink in...
ill wait for the PC version
4k30fps is a mega joke, it's supposed to be on PS5 for god sake I would not complain if the update wasn't 10 fu**ing euros
Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy already had a 3D Audio mix on PS4 as long as you had Sony's Platinum Headset.  Playing the PS4 version on a PS5, thankfully, removes the Platinum Headset requirement and is available for selection using ANY headset   So, unless there are tweaks to the 3D Audio for the native PS5 version, 3D Audio inclusion isn't a "new" feature for this release.  Note: Any PS4 game that was compatible the 3D Audio capabilities of the Platinum Headset are fully supported on PS5 using ANY headset - so if you missed out on 3D Audio of say, Days Gone, because you didn't shell out $150 for Sony's Platinum Headset, you will be happy to know you can experience it with ANY headset when playing on the PS5.
UC4 looks better than most PS5 games if not better than all 😂
Now if Bloodborne could get an update
So Ps5 CAN´T run previous games on 4K at 60 fps?? or it is lazzyness for this ´´collection´´ I mean, i really like the original Ps4 game but this port it's not worth it......
The game still looks outstanding in 2022. Says a lot about how the graphics stagnated for the past 5+ years now.
One of my fav games, just a little disappointed that the PS5 remaster does not come with 4K 60fps - I think this needs to be the baseline for such games as the hardware can handle it
Looks phenomenal. Went with the £20 upgrade. Only got a 60hz tv so can’t get performance plus mode.
Great video thanks
Just got this today and when I changed to Performance or Performance+ mode my PS5 started making a buzzing sound. Anyone else experience this?
Eh, how are we the customers, expected to pay for both games: AGAIN?  This patch is literally nothing more than fiddling with a few “ini settings” and disabled graphic sliders.  Theft
one of the best parts of a new game/remaster releasing is watching DigitalFoundry analyze them
Anyone been able to import their Legacy save? Doesn't work for me either...
Fidelity or performance?
When I got my PS5 and Series X, I ordered a 4K/120hz ready TV because I obviously wanted to get the most out of the new consoles. But tbh I don't see much difference between 60fps and 120fps!
Should I post a play through Uncharted in the new Performance+ mode?
Performance mode for me. Looking forward to playing though these again
0:20 Wait, are you telling me that Nathan Drake can also run at 60fps? Man this dude can do anything
PSA: the PS store is apparently letting people buy the upgrade even with the PS Plus version as of today Jan 28th.  It could be a “promo” with the upcoming movie.
And even the PS5 can't run this games at 4K/60fps....
THANKS, JOHN.. do any ps5 or xsx games have atmos track yet i'm wondering? are there any games coming down the pipeline that are touting this feature I wonder?
Funny how at many occasions you reeeaally carefully choose your words to not make those ps-mymommy-fanboys cry 🤣
The 30fps mode looks much more choppy with the reduced motion blur. They should definitely add the option to have the old amount.
Annoying how you guys only showed Performance Mode for 98% of the comparisons here.
Kind of wish the fidelity was 4K at 60 frames, seems like the PS5 should be able to do that since there's no ray tracing, but other than that it looks fantastic
120 fps is utterly wasted on a game like this. Why give up SO MUCH graphical fidelity on a cinematic action title?
Xbox would've given this upgrades for free.
Just downloaded the game on my ps5 and...there's no Performance+ option.
SONY keeps saying 8K this, 8K that but the PS5 cannot even run old games on 4K/60fps.
Motion blur sucks, human eyes will blur objects naturally, motion blur is completely unnecessary and only reduces clarity. The only heathens here are the ones who willingly accept a vaseline filter on their screen.
Still think it's greedy for PS4 to PS5 owner to upgrade the games when Xbox allow upgrades for free.
What a bullshit Every pc gamer knows if game can run at 120fps 1080p, then it will be 90-100fps at 1440p and 50-60fps at 4k. They could at least make 1800p60.  Gonna wait for pc release
For this small details I will not jump to buy the current generation consoles
Motion Blur Heathen here😎
I freaking love these game so so sooo much
Proves just how good looking a game UC4 was on the PS4! I cannot wait to see what Naughty Dog delivers on the PS5.
These titles won't be enough to keep Sony going,  that's right... now Activision Blizzard belongs to Xbox we can safely say Playstation has lost the console war.
The worst uncharted imo
So uh....turns out the digital version gives you a free movie ticket for the Uncharted movie...
I loved this game so much, but im confused as they want us to buy it again for a small graphical update and increased framerate? half of the ps4 game I own already did this as a patch...
So, ps5 now supports 1440p or why is it even needed in performance mode?
When is this coming to pc?
Hmmm I feel l like performance mode could've gone to 1800p or at least do some sort of dynamic scaling. Still excited to play through these games again though
Whaat you have Sennheiser HD595?! Stop copying meeh.
Looking forward to checking this out, performance or performance plus mode, decisions… both look great. I’ve been playing through the Nathan drake collection in anticipation for these, they still hold up well.
So the small graphical improvements apply to all three modes? The 120hz runs at 1080p with the extra LOD?
They literally just went from High to Ultra
Man I'm glad I'm not in the console gaming ghetto still and don't have to make massive compromises to things like framerate to play games above 1440p
Was this remaster made by Naughty Dog themselves?
Seriously still only hitting 30fps at 4k' So much for the most powerful console in the world' especialy in 2022...
This franchise is so cinematic and epic in scale and presentation the last two entries were meant to be experienced in gorgeous native 4K with enhanced visuals. The absence of the much beloved co-op and competitive MP modes on PS5 is a huge missed opportunity to take full advantage of its performance modes, especially Performance+. I truly hope ND at least patches that into MP modes on PS4 Version, but that's probably unlikely at this point. If PS5 did have multiplayer, my immediate choice would be to revisit both single player campaigns in glorious Native 4K, probably only switching to Performance or Performance+ during the most intense action and firefight portions. While I would always use the performance modes when playing MP. Having snappier, buttery smooth frame rate is essential for the twitchy nature of competitive MP. Take away that multiplayer component and you're left with little more than a novelty feature. Perhaps, the area it could provide the biggest advantage is during those hairier combat situations and boss encounters while chasing the crushing difficulty trophy. But in all honesty, the 30 fps framerate was never a hinderance to me even at that difficulty, thanks to the game's refined gameplay mechanics and excellent low latency all around.
Anybody else experience the occasional hiccup in scene transitions?  I don’t see anybody commenting on this in reviews but it irritates me in 60fps mode on PS5
The real performance test should be how well Crash performs
I wouldn't pay for an upgrade
I have a 240hz monitor. Any idea why performance+ mode isn't showing up for me???
Personally don’t feel the difference between 60 and 120 in these games but can see an immediate hit on the resolution between the modes… For me 60 > any resolution but resolution > 120.
When this game released in PC,  first thing i want to try is mouse aiming ! Everybody knew that aiming gun is much more responsive with mouse. I have played Naghty Dogs games from Uncharted 1 (2007) to The Last of US 2 (2020). That's the main reason of me , pc gamer, to buy PS3 dan PS4 in the first place.
playing Uncharted Trilogy with Gamepad is awkward asf on PC with RPCS3.. wish they would port it on PC as well with keyboard & mouse support.
Just to the $10 upgrade downloading them now my favorite games from the PS4 were Spider-Man and uncharted 4 I enjoyed the Spider-Man remastered can't wait to play UC4 on PS5
Motion blur was, is, and always will be shit.
i traded my xbox one with a brand new iPhone 5s to an old phat PS4 in 2017 (that's how an undesirable xbox one here in our country) to play Uncharted 4 and boy it made that trade deal worth it!
I love 120 fps but the slight blur from 1080 on my big tv was hard to not notice.
Its a shame they haven't included a uncharted 1-3 HD remaster with extra bells and whistles added in because for me those first 3 games were better than uncharted 4 and I never bothered with the lost legacy spinoff as it never felt like part of the uncharted series at all. one other thing I would have liked is the uncharted psvita game getting a console release as they did a console release of the ratchet and clank games that were on the handheld and they also released daxters lone release on PSP to the consoles.
I’ll wait for the PC version
Good Job, Tom!
Is that a serious frame rate? 30 FPS???
But it costs 50 bucks..
These are both great games and a fps boost is always welcome. I don’t personally think it should cost extra but I guess that’s because the competition isn’t charging for this level of upgrade. Seeing a PS4 game, and a pretty scripted and linear one at that (not a knock, it’s just that these linear story based games seem to leave a bit more headroom to push graphics), have to drop to 1080P to hit 120hz on a current gen console actually tempers my expectations with this gen. I had hoped that 4K 60 would be the standard with 120fps possible at 1440P. Looks like the fidelity vs performance trade off is here to stay on consoles for the foreseeable future and that’s a bit disappointing. I know many will say ”PC”, and I hear you, but I like to sit in my recliner and play on a nice big screen in my living room and I love the convenience of a console
The 60 fps mode is where its at, game like this really does not need more than that. Hell i played it on a pro at 30 fps and it was still good.
If the game can lock to pretty much 120fps at 1080p..I am genuinely surprised they couldn’t bump the resolution of the 60fps mode past 1440p…seems like the PS5 should be capable of well beyond that
So the PlayStation 5 will not be able to play actual  4K 120FPS? Were we lied to ?
Excellent job, guys. Well-done.
I bet Sony will release Last of Us 2 Directors Cut to advertise the HBO show. Maybe some DLC like Left Behind.
PS5 desperately needs VRR already. It would make using 120fps for this game, and many others, much more enjoyable.
Expected nothing less from the best video game developer in the industry. I bet the toxic fanboys who sent death threats to Neil Druckmann because of TLOU 2 story don’t know he directed this masterpiece.
One of the things I enjoy the most when playing ps5 Games are the loading times. It's Just amazing
It looks Amazing on a Oled in Performance Mode 60fps... Amazing
SEEMS TO ME THAT DF has become a SONY FAN BOY and moving away from PC development 😂😂🤣🤣🤣
Full screen motion blurr is terrible. Object motion blurr is nice. Whats the point of cranking all the settings to ultra in a game for those minute tiny details and then you slam on motion blurr. To each their own but its weird.
I just noticed the game is in Spanish when I check my PS app on my phone. As soon as I click on it it's in English so maybe it is a region bug but who knows. I don't think this is anything I need to jump at. The PS4 Pro versions still look very good and I'm fine with them. Maybe one day I'll go upgrade for 10 bucks who knows.
1440 always look almost the same as 4k no need to use 4k
i don't know about you guys, but none of these characters look like Tom Hardy or Mark Walberg 😕
why does it look so washed out like brightness is on max setting?
I just want Nathan Drake collection on PC....I want to play for the first game, and not the fourth
Well now naughty dog are a bunch of woke trash developers pushing their political beliefs on every gamer and won’t ever be getting my money again , guess that’s how you loose the consumer when you create something like last for us 2
Just gotta wait for the PC release and jam that bad boy maxxed out
Great video guys, Thanks
still not 4k 60 😭😭😭
I am a heathen!  I despite motion blur and film grain in all cases.
This is exactly the information I wanted to know regarding the game Uncharted: The Lost Legacy. I needed to know if it had that higher framerate mode. I'll upgrade this weekend. Thanks for the information.
4k 30fps ? Ps5 is trash . This is Last Gen and Not next Gen .
No adaptive sync and unlocked frames for any setting?
Card carrying heathen checking in.  Hi John :).  For whatever reason, I can't seem to distinguish any noticeable difference in the image from your Fidelity/Performance/Performance+ side by side.  Are my eyes just broken?
I am sorry, but Xbox does this upgrades for free, with playstion it's always paying. I will keep it with my ps4 pro version!
Naughty dog shouldn't have wasted time on this. Still have no real news about factions two for TLOU and I've been looking at uncharted for what? 15 years now? Move on ND. Post time for a new ip.
i despise motion blur and anyone who uses it should be executed well maybe a bit harsh so a stern warning should suffice 👌🤣👌
John if you didn't have a computer with a graph right in front of your face you never would have known that there were frames being dropped in the 120 hertz mode! GUARANTEED!
"Seriously, look!" =))))
I see no difference...
I always enjoy watching every Minute of your detailed Videos
Do you have to pay for this or is it a free upgrade
Lolol I swear y'all are the only ones that enjoy motion blur, you're like a cult! I personally can't stand it, I'm not playing a movie I'm playing a video game, silly willy's. Love you guys 🤗
Jogo de PS4 lançado em 2016, com gráficos melhor do que Halo Infinity de 2021 de Xbox Serie X!
You guys do incredible work
Love this channel. Thank you for all your videos.
I think it's a very overrated series of games. The 2nd was the best by far. The first one was actually a terrible game. Beautiful graphics on 4 but, it's the same boring gameplay.
Looks the same! Not worth purchasing for PS5. Besides Uncharted is so tedious with all the climbing.  I don't really consider this gaming. More like interacting with a movie.
Wish we could play that multiplayer at 120fps
I like how John continues to preach the benefits of motion blur, especially for lower frame rates. Every other content creator treats it like some terrible pointless feature with no explanation as to the specific implementation or why.
Looks the same. If we're not counting the mynewt detailing.
Am I the only one who finds 60 fps here closer to the soap opera effect? (similar to spiderman remastered on ps5). Demon’s souls did not feel like this though
I can't wait to see The Last of Us remastered. I do wish though that the original 3 were also done
You see PS owners; human eyes can see beyond 24FPS lol...
I used to be cynical towards people who don't like motion blur, thinking they are just cringe PC elitist who think motion blur is for low frame rate peasants, but after messing with it myself in various games, oh man how right they were... That being said, it does look great in cutscenes and maybe some games can pull it off depending on the artistic direction and genre (I also heard per-object motion blur is way better). In any case the worst offenders for messing up image quality imo are Chromatic Aberration and Film Grain (especially the former). These 2 are a plague... the only game I've played where film grain made sense was Alien Isolation. For Chromatic Aberration, I guess Bloodborne was ok since it was supposed to be this twisted dream... Lens flares can be a little ridiculous too, but anyway I'm off topic 😅
I’m not sure I can muster up enough enthusiasm to play these again. My replays showed games that did not hold up too well. But John did convince me that putting out this collection is a good thing, at least from a preservation standpoint!
No motion blur please. Looking forward to the PC release.
Look there is a new tree.
IT ACTUALLY BLOWS MY MIND THAT MOST PERFORMANCE MODES ON PS5 RENDER AT 1440P AND SONY STILL WON'T SUPPORT IT NATIVELY ON THEIR HARDWARE. WTAF
lets comment on big elephant in the room... That this re-release looks like cash grab from Sony! why do they want to charge me 10$ when Ive paid full price for this game on day of release for a graphics upgrade, its not even remake, nor remaster really?   Plus you already payed for hard to get new gen console...  I think it would make much more sense to charge this for a free psplus version.  I was actually surprised when Ive got ps5 and run my disk of this game to find that even on ps5 backwards compatibility game is still locked to 30 fps when everything else  was 60...  Sorry Sony, but paying extra for something you own just for resolution and fps bump wont make many to replay this again.
Naughty Dog could have just gave people with PS5 that owns Uncharted 4 a simple update to support 60FPS and that's it, without any other improvement of the Legacy of thieves... But hey, they are expecting us to purchase the game again... I could give it a try when the price drops later.
It's so stupid they put the PS4 version in the ps plus collection, WHICH YOU GET BY BUYING A PS5
yaa i have noticed playing same game on my PS4 at 30 then on mine PC at 90 or 120fps with the same controller and like magic you are just better its so much easier to line up shots and this comes from a person that is not good with a controller in fps games at all even between 60fps on PS5 and 120fps on PC the difference is so Big its very noticeable and yet Companies are still pushing the Cinematic crap instead of higher frames after all games looks Great at 1080p even now
okay... you convinced me, I'll pay the $10 dollars...
30fps is more cinematic
yaa the grenade looks 10 times Better on PS4 Pro
I HATE motion blur lol so yah definitely one of those guys. 😆
yaa i'm still waiting for Good 4K IPS 120fps display to get released that dosnt cost 5000 Euro that is lest hope 2023 is the year
Motion blur should be banned
i would Prefer 1080p with 120fps or Even 60fps any day instead of 4k 30fps hell even instead of 8k 30fps PS5 is the Perfect console for 1440p 60fps to 90fps but Sony dosnt even give us 1440p output while Microsoft see that opportunity and takes advantage of that but Play Has No Limits right
Uncharted 4 is one of my all time favorite games . Up there with Chrono Trigger, Links Awakening, Last Of Us and Red Dead 2
lest hope PS5 Pro can deliver 4K 60fps cause PS5 is at Best 4k 30fps console thats why its stupid that theres No 1440p output so more games can go for Higher FPS after all now theres More ppl then Ever playing on Monitors Not TVs cause many PC gamers are getting into console gaming or Switching to Consoles
4k30 its really bad. Cant believe that they are charing money for this.
YES! Physical media ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!!!  That's the ONLY way I buy into gaming. Traditional console gaming.
Basically a paid fps/resolution patch. No thanks. Studios gets greedier by the year...
Improving on perfection is difficult so it makes sense that most of the differences would be subtle. I'm chomping at the bit for when Naughty Dog makes a game from the ground up for the PS5. And please Naughty Dog, no cross-gen projects. We want a gaming experience that can only be had on the PS5.
Devil's advocate here and although this is the best way to play this game the fact that it's not 4K 60 in 2022 is a complete disappointment and for me unacceptable! The damn PlayStation box is advertising 8K and we can't even get 4k 60 on an old game! If we can't get 4K 60 on ratchet & clank and we can't get 4k 60 on uncharted then how the hell are we supposed to get this in the future with the PS5!? I don't regret buying my PS5 but I'm not getting what I'm fully expecting!   Keep the ray tracing and any of the other modes that are available for these games and just give me 4K 60! These comparisons show the differences between old and new versions but let's be honest, NONE OF US WILL EVER SIT THERE LIKE DF AND ACTUALLY COMPARE THE IMAGES LIKE THIS!!
One thing I'm confused about, is the 10 dollar upgrade. I mean, what's to stop people buying a used copy of Uncharted 4 for like 6 dollars amd then upgrading for 10 bucks? Who is going to pay full price when they could use this loophole?
ND are truly masters of visual elegance, these older titles still look cutting edge today regardless of the hardware they display upon. And I'm an Xbox gamer, but appreciate any studio that pushes our hobby forward, ND are one of the few capable of these  sort of games that push other studios to try harder, outstanding!
Die Veränderungen sind doch so wenig, dass man auch einfach die PS4 Version auf der PS5 spielen könnte, das Beste ist sicher noch DualSense!
Now that pokemon legends arceus is about to release, I'd love to see what these guys have tp say about it😂
Thank god they got rid of that trash multiplayer and that utterly worthless survival mode they inexplicably shoehorned in when nobody wanted it. That garbage was a stain on this series ever since Uc2. Now all is as it should be.
so basicall the difference is an extra 30 fps. thats not enough considering theres a generation jump taking place.
Wow that’s one good looking rock
You had me at sub 3s loading times to be honest.
I wonder if they could have taken a leaf out of Insomniacs playbook and offered a 4k 40fps mode for those with 120hz displays, that makes a big difference with the even frame cadence.
There's no multiplayer... So why 120fps???!
1440p at 60 on a PS5? Thats alittle disappointing. Should be 4k/60
Cant wait for the Pc version, it will look great
14:57 xD
£50 for 60 fps. what a joke. The age of overpriced remasters continues....Meanwhile on PC there is no 60-120fps paywall, if you can run it you do not have to pay extra for a higher frame rate.
40 fps please. I could stand the 60fps version if the 1440p was temperal injection but it's not so this leaves me with two modes I don't want to play.
I'm a heathen! Lol. Give me that clarity for the image 👍
this is the problem with modern gaming the heart of gaming is lost to graphics. what makes great games not flashy graphics it's gameplay and better framerate gives a better game experience over HDR and 4K graphics. i mean how many that see's this comment when playing games try's to pick up on a many fine details in the graphics when playing a game i for one can hold my hand up and be honest with myself and say i don't even pause games just to look how good the graphics are i'm to busy playing the game trying to get the best out of the gameplay.
Where's the 120 multiplayer? :c
These game still look better than any Xbox game to date.
I Can't believe it doesn't 120fps in 4K  I justè brought LG c1 oled tv I feel like should of waited 2 more years till ps5 does 4k 120fps on their exclusive games 😩
Still using 1080p 60 fps TV, what mode should i choose
They were mentioning the brightness change, I am very much hoping that is improved. At first I thought it was my TV being set too bright or something, but the issue only happens on uncharted 4 and lost legacy. Even going into their brightness settings in the game, I feel as tho I need to turn it down to 1 or 2 out of 10 to make the contrast look correct. Looking at these clips, it seems as tho the entire contrast range has been reduced. That should help a lot, im excited.
The Last of Us Part 2 never got a PS5 upgrade, it was just a free update to the original PS4 version so that it can play better on PS5 but it's still a PS4 game being played through backwards compatibility
The motion blur in the original PS4 version was ass, it definitely looks way better in the remastered
No survival mode? I’ll pass then. No sense to play the same game for 3-4 time only because of 60fps
Clase robo por este juego se mira lo mismo
Wait was the ps4pro versions running in backcompat mode on ps5? Think he mentioned it but cant find it.
Amazing review video 👌👏
Basicaly same game whith minor improves for 50€ nice
This coming to PC?
You've got it wrong. Those that DO like motion bur are the heathens!
Game devs really need to add the option to turn off disgusting chromatic aberration... It really takes away the details in games for a blurry filmic effect and it drives me mad 😐 It looks decent, but not worth £42.99, I wouldn't be surprised if ND loses money on this because of people hunting down used versions of U4/LL and only going for the £10 upgrade path. It's also annoying that PS didn't suggest being able to upgrade the PS Collection version of Uncharted 4 considering that's a PS5 only library anyway and allow those people to upgrade it for £10 but still keep the Thieves Collection as a subscription only title once again as that's only a PS5 title 🤷🏻‍♂️
Eh.
The last gen was a mess. On my 1080p screen, I had an objectively worse game with my PS4 Pro than someone with a base PS4. What the fuck, Sony?
This should cost way less then $50 and probably should have just been free considering that ps5 games are still far & between.
I kinda wanna test the 120fps mode on lg cx ;) Last game I really tried it on was tony hawks remaster and tbh I couldn’t tell much difference between 60 and 120 lol
I have yet to see any channel to a performance look at Astroneer on Switch, or other consoles. I have some concerns regarding handheld mode play.
1:58 In real life, that bamboo definitely will kill Nathan when shattered like that.
1440 60fps isn't what I was hoping for :( Bring on the PS5 Pro
I have both series X and PS5 and Microsoft have been much better at backwards compatibility. Free upgrades Vs Sony ripping fans off here. This should just be a patch for those who own the game or access it via the collection.
This game doesn’t need 60fps, let alone 120fps 🙄
Eagerly waiting to play it on my pc :')
So original PS4 does 1080p 30hz and PS5 can do 1080p 120hz.  4x the power in one generation. Impressive.
No love for fidelity mode? I don't understand why you'd want to play in a worse resolution than the PS4 original. Shouldn't we be moving forwards? Not looking back to improve frame rates? This is why originality has floundered. It's all reboots of remakes then rebooting that into a remaster. Focusing solely in frame rates is hurting visuals. I'm an avid fan of your guys work but maybe change your name to digital frame rates?
lol imagine having to limit to 1080p to enjoy more than 60fps, console peones and sonygros have really 3rd world standards edit lol not even stable 120fps at 1080p, consoles are a scam
The texture quality is down to higher AF, it's likely running at x16 on PS5, while on PS4 pro it's x4.
What was even the point for 120 fps on a single player game???
On ps4 they were ahead of their time, but now they look like trash frankly, and the game play is so basic as well its more interactive novel than game. Back then it was still the case but wasn't as noticed as now when we have much deeper action adventure games like the last couple AC games and other rpg lites. not sure why you would pay money for this, why would you want to replay games that have zero replay value other than hardcore fans?
so sick of checkerboarding on sony consoles
120 fps youtube videos when?
This still looks better than a lot of games today!
No 4k@60. Thank-you  DF, for saving my money 👍
Pretty good remaster. Looking forward to picking this up whenever i manage to get a ps5. Now Sony just needs to get off their ass and add vrr to fix stutters with any drops. I absolutely adore that feature on series x as it works a treat
To be honest, only OCD people will notice  the graphics improvements, when your really into the game and story you don't notice it so much
I keep playing in 30fps so I won't become a spoiled fps proponent. I still watch movies in 24
per pixel motion blur = 🤢 camera motion blur = 🤮
Why does the PS4 pro version look better in some scenes than the performance mode on PS5?
We need a 40 fps mode for sure
Great video again 👍🏼
Mate, are you kidding. Motion blur sucks. No one wants it. Dont act like its good thing to have it enabled 🤦‍♂️🤣
This is coming to PC right?
seeing 120 fps is this and rift apart really makes me wish we had it in spider man. hopefully the sequel has it
Im an xbox guy but ive played all 3 uncharted on playstation 3 and it was awesome. Sadly theyre excluives.
I will never understand why in the case of a remaster we linger or take the performance mode as a reference when what we are looking for is pure graphic improvement...
Impressive, now Naughty Dog should bring the first Uncharted Trilogy to PS5 and PC too.
Motion blur should always be off by default.
Just curious if you were able to analyze the prerendered transition cut scenes. Were these also captured several times according to the graphics mode, or did they only use fidelity or performance settings?
Uncharted Forrest multiplayer what is there was more fun than any multiplier or Call of Duty I've played in years
ND’s quality was already next gen on the PS4. I can’t wait for a full PS5 only title from Naughty Dogs.
after  TLOU 2 Naughty dog went into the toilet with their wokeness... Garbage ...will never buy a another game from their studio!!
I honestly don't know why they worry about 120fps? I'm happy with 60fps, Can someone explain to me why they do? Also could someone explain to me what John means by that 40fps mode? I have R&C when I'm playing in that 40fps is that at true 4k?
When the promised PC version is going to release? Why doesn't sony give PC release date if the game is ready? Steam still says only 2022
I forgot how good this game looked
i cant wait for Naughty Dog to stop making games for the outdated PS4 hardware and instead use the full power of the PS5.
Can't wait for it to release on PC, looks like it will be a nice port with good optimization!
Sweet, Super Sampled 1440p down to my small 1080p LED-LCD TV at basically Locked 60fps 👍 that's what I like to hear... Will be picking my copy up on the way home from Work tomorrow morning, just in time for my 2 Weeks Holiday 🙌
Good looking but aggressively overrated franchise
I can't wait to play these on PC later this year (hopefully this year).
does it have a seperated trophe list? cause i would love to do the platinum but the multyplayer part i dont like
That's what I expected from PS5 at start of a console. If they provided that and Bloodborne at 60fps, I would stay with Sony. But now I switched to Xbox and they wouldn't shill me again.
so whats the reason these games are at 4k30 rather than 4k60 for the high graphics? surely the ps5 could handle this game running 60fps without any problems with high graphics? whatever happened to the 4k120fps fandabbydosie machines we were told were coming for the last few years? what we end up with is machines that dont even seem to be running at 4k60 half the time never mind 4k120 lol  or is this a ploy to get everyone to run out and buy the next version on the series x and ps5 in a 18 months that will be able to run the higher frame rate?
Can’t wait to play this on Steam Deck( when I finally get one).
Wait so why is 4k capped to 30 and 1080 can go to 120? That's insanely off
The best ps4 title
Just so every one knows, and more importantly for trophy hunters they removed the platinum from Lost Legacy for no reason at all.
I'm not sure this slight improvement should include a charge. That said, if you really loved either or both of these games it might be worth it. Personally, I'm getting the upgrade despite my annoyance with the charge. Why? I thoroughly enjoyed Lost Legacy and it is by far one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. I just ordered a new TV (an OLED) and I can only guess at how wonderful it'll look; for $10 I'm willing to find out.
Tell me it's a Naughty Dog game without telling me it's a Naughty Dog game. Just look at the shooting mechanics. Atrocious.
120 frames???  And here all i want is a 60 frame bloodborne.
Cashgrab
Hey John, great video, as always! Just wanted to correct you on something minor here: Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy were both designed using 3D audio from the get go. It was a feature marketed for the 7.1 VSS Sony Platinum headphones at the time. It worked really well then already, so I'm curious to experience it with the Pulse 3D headphones (and DualSense). Can't wait to replay this on PS5!
4k checkerboarded targeting 60 would be nice anyway i am waiting for the pc version ..hope they do right like god of war
Uncharted in 120fps is totally unnecessary tbh
Guess I'm in the minority: 60FPS games feel oddly artificial, like soap opera mode on tvs . . . .prefer 30FPS . . .but that's just me . . .
It’s a pity that PS5’s much vaunted 3D audio capabilities has yet to mean anything for home theatre users - Series X with its Atmos support seems like a much better deal.
Tooo little changes. Just another money grabber. Should be a FREE PS5 upgrade! I LOVE ND work, but they are not seeing my money this time.
Still impressive the FPS is staying above 100fps considering it was a treat to get 50-60 FPS last gen lol
I wonder how it will run at 4k Ultra on a 3080 ti, my bet is 70-100 fps
120 mode showing how important VRR is. WHERE IS IT?
6:20
So glad I haven’t played
10 euros for 1440p/60 fps. What a joke. Don't forget that everyone that got a ps5 and owns uncharted by ps plus has to buy the game again for 50 euros if he wants 60 fps. Nice Sony, keep being as scummy as you can get. I am sure this will end well for you as every other company who got too greedy.
I'm gonna enjoy playing these two great games again on my PS5. Nice work Naught Dog.
Nah I wouldn’t pay 50 bucks for this I wait for horizon
@7:15 you can fully see the bike!
Games look great it's a pity the gameplay is mediocre at best.
Too bad the game only have one set piece and the rest is pushing crates and doing fake platforming.
Not a fan of these 2 uncharteds but 60fps makes it a good opportunity to work for the platinum
Motion blue is the work of the devil. I challenge you to a duel. With nerf guns.
PSA: The PS5 upgrade for 10€/$ will be available at launch, not before.
you guys do some insane work on these videos, they are very well done!
Ended up god of war yesterday on pc i wana play this one to.
I am going to be buying these, but I'm frustrated with one thing that I had not seen mentioned anywhere. The originals already had 3D audio. So why is it marketed as something new alongside dualsense support and higher framerate modes, when it is clearly not.
Great job as usual with the comparisons
Консоли все ближе подбираются к особенностям ПК. Скоро разрешат и другие настройки графики менять. Если бы не цены на PC комплектующие, смысла в консолях не было бы никакого.
Do they share trophies with the PS4 versions? or do they have their own set, specific for this collection?
30 fps?   Yuck
Glad we didn't have to watch too much footage of Uncharted The Lost Social Justice Legacy.
Can't wait for the Definitive PC version that can do 4k 120fps at the same time with all the textures
HALO 20 MILLION PLAYERS, FORZA 18 MILLION PLAYERS...WHOS YOUR DADDY$$!?....XBOX!
Sad that they can't do 4k 60.. but its a under powered system.
I'll politely decline on the motion blur suggestion. I turn it off because I often track various objects in the background and trying to track said objects when it's a vomit including mess is mental hell. The first Killzone made me feel physically ill for the first week or two.
It's a shame that consoles are so bad and the audience is such sheep.  PS2 was a 480p/30fps - should have been 4800/60fps PS3 was a 720p/30fps - should have been 720/60fps - heck they even had some 1080p/30 fps games  PS4 was again 1080/30fps - should have been 1080p/60fps PS4 pro was 1440p or 2160p(checkerboarded) at 30fps but should have been 1440p/60fps PS5 should have been 1440p/60fps but they choose to do 2160p/30fps for most games.   What a joke.
ps4 pro like zombie
is there a difference between this uncharted 4 version and the one in the ps+ collection?
Just one thing to say Sony has not once charged for BC mode 3 updates for games. BC mode 3 update for games allow said game to fully utilize the full power of ps5 raw performance (not all the extra feature sets). Which so far has been done for games is more compressed version using oodle texture as well as a unlocked frame rate. They do not charge for this at all. Not one game that received that pat h has an associated cost. All has been free. And I am talking about first party games from sony specifically since they are the main "offender" for charging for native ps5 versions.   The last of us p2 is a bc mode 3 update. Not a native ps5 game. Not to mention Sony has done both a bc mode 3 as well as a native ps5 version with Ghost of tsushima. And once again bc m9de 3 was free while native ps5 cost a bit extra.  So be careful when you mention shit like this as most people will fail to understand that there is a difference and why one is free vs the one is paid.
120 for single player game… How about 60 fps for 4k?
Well this buttery smooth 60fps+ experience is the reason people buy PCs and soon this game will be on there too. And I can finally play it in ultrawide 100+ fps.
DF in ps4 times: silky smooth 30fps DF in ps5 times: 20fps ps4 a shame and all hail buttery smooth 60/120fps
This should have been a free patch/update, the fact that they repackaged it just to bump the frame rate is a big fuck you to consumers and I'm tired of having to buy & re-buy games 3 times to play the "best" version of it.
I'll probably get this on sale in a couple of years when I finally find a PS5.
Everything that motion blur adds to a game is negative in my opinion
when pc?
DOGSHIT GAMES
It should be free not paid lol
9:14 props to the editor on that one 😂
does this have gyro aiming??? i'd buy it just for gyro aiming alone
Question. I was looking all over internet and couldn't find a definitive answer.. If you have both games on physical disk and you want the upgrade.. Do you have to pay $10 for each game seperate or is the upgrade for both discs at the same time?  I know it works if you have both games digital.. But couldn't find an answer to my question about physical copies.
Uncharted 2 is still one of the best action adventure games ever made
I always playing 120fps if the game support it , and I own LG C1 OLED so can do 4K 120fps , so that 1080p could look lil better on 4K display
Hope they get that Lost Legacy save issue figured out, that's the one game I have to go back and finish. Even put it on hold so I could play this spiffy 60fps version!
Does anyone know if the HDR implementation has improved over the originals?
Too bad there's not 90FPS lock
sony wont bet money on woke companies now that microsoft has more leverage so naughty dog is dead unless the pc modders save it, that or they need to fire niel wokeman and hire a real director like yoko taro or yoship( which are keeping square enix alive )
30 fps looks super trash like ughh I can't play it in 30fps thank god its on pc running on 600fps so much better like dam
4k not with 60 fps on an old af game, are they seriously?? And they want money for that lol? People already proofed 60 fps was possible on ps4 with just a line of code lmao. "b b but THeY pUt WoRk inTo THe pOrt" sure, Sony is scamming people who bought that game, this update should have been for free like games on Xbox do, im sick of Sony scamming their fans with Bullshid paywalls and people are dumb enough to buy in. Hopefully they change their mind when Xbox puts out some bangers.
Can't wait for their next game. Seeing Chloe Frazer and Ellie Miller work together to end the zombie infection is going to be fucking amazing in 8K & 120fps on the PS5 Pro.
Shit looks the same 🤦🏾‍♂️
Waiting for pc release
Hey man nice shot
I wish there will be an Uncharted 6 exclusively for PS5, the graphics would be so insane random blackholes would be generated as a result.
Looks great, but the lack of DRS is pretty disappointing. Would love a dynamic 4K 60FPS option - I guess I'll need to wait to see how the PC port goes.
Can't wait for the PC version.  Hopefully we get some nice upgrades like god of war.  DLSS and ultrawide support.  I played through the first 3 Uncharted games, but never got a chance to play the last two releases.  Looking forward to it when it comes out.
Bro that shot at 5:15 was filthy. Was that you doing that John?
120fps and 'filmic' should never be used in the same sentence...
Nothing in 8K yet, just 1080p 120fps
Dinamic resolution scaling via tensor cores and driver based. Make your move nvidia.
For me when the car flipped over in the beginning of the game and he had to crawl out, that felt like next gen graphics even just on a base ps4. So excited to see what they did here
Hope it's not a shitty pc port.
Wish ND wasn't so woke. Well...whatever.
Paying for high settings is absurd
So I will not be able to play at 60 fps if I do not buy this version? Sucks
This game was pretty good, but it fucked around alot here and there and the ending sucked.
Damn I forgot how good this looked even on last gen
they want to charge for this for current ps4 owners like lolz
damn, 120fps looks neat. I hope we can expect these improvements on the Steam version.
I am tempted to replay this now on my PS5 but I’m waiting to play on my 3080ti
PS5 does not support 1440p. Why is the performance mode set at 1440p?
UC4 didn't need a remaster it's too soon at least wait until PS6 PlayStation/Sony.
Lol no 4k 60 fps? PS5 is a disgrace, or should I say PS4 pro plus. Lol what a joke And the funniest part is this guy trying to justify this mess.  GG digital foundry.
Who wants motion blurr?
48 second loading time 'basically unusable' hahaha.  I love you guys! (not a dig, I genuinely love DF and am just ribbing on you a bit) ps - that OG motion blur was nasty and made the game look like a watercolor painting.  Glad it was changed!
We all know they won't but I really want Naughty Dog to do this treatment to the Original Uncharted Trilogy
Sony needs to hurry up and get Dolby Atmos (or I'll even settle for DTS:X) support. It's possible, but I sadly feel like they're going to keep trying to push this "3D Audio" codec that really doesn't sound too great to me.
Lol keep dreaming maybe Ps6 it will
No multiplayer = NO SALE
This makes me excited for the PC release. I'm curious if it will go above and beyond the PS5 at the high end. God of War (2016) runs really well on PC so hopefully that is a good sign.
It really makes me wonder why the heck Sucker Punch couldn't provide the amount of performance options Naughty Dog has given this collection. They at least give people actual performance options instead of forcing players to play a game in one frame rate choice in two different resolutions. Sucker Punch should've known better.
Another great video you guys are the best
Any news on DLSS, FSR, widescreen support, etc. for the PC version? This collection should be worth the download
No series x comparisons you loser xbots 🤣😂
This is the reason i went on a uncharted quest to get my ps5 lets go!
I enjoyed it !!
5:11 I know this video is about performance and visual fidelity, but damn what a great shot
This is a joke, should be a free update..
Only 1440p 60? Lol.
The motion blur lover. My god…
basically it looks works
Lost legacy is just awfull, tryed 2 finish it like 3 times, and dropped every single time.
Nice! Can't wait for pc version and your analysis. Might be almost too easy with a mouse!
Why is there still a 30 fps mode on these new consoles?. They need to cease making this a thing now. At the very least have an upcap framerate option for when the Pro console version comes out.
30fps mode on an LG OLED is a no go.🤢🤮
Quality foundry!
Stop the press. There’s no multilayer? Seriously?
Sony continues to ride the coat tail's of last generation with another brazen cash grab... This will be their undoing thus generation
Does YouTube support 120 frames per second?
It’s crazy to think that with Gears 5 for the series X was a free update…
I love the musical scores of Uncharted, so fun.
Sony named this a "remaster" when in actual fact, this is just a better graphical setting of the PS4 version. If this was on PC, it's just turning up the settings.  They only named it remaster because they don't want people to ask for a free upgrade to this version.  Shitty Sony and their marketing.
I hope they make another uncharted game
Performance modes are bullshit
Motion blur on objects is fine, motion blur when the camera moves around is not.   All games should have the option to turn it off or on
Disappointed they couldn't do dynamic 4k/60, otherwise your just getting PS4 Pro graphics. I could care less about 120 fps.
great video dude! thanks for helping me decide on the $10 upgrade, always find your videos super informative and incredibly well put together, your time is valued sir!
PC... The possibilities could be endless.  🤓🤓
Hope We get 40fps fidelity mode like R&C
Amazing graphics. Makes up for the mediocre gameplay.
The new contrast levels looks really nice!
Definitely not worth the price unless you’re just a hardcore Uncharted fan. This should have just been a free upgrade.
Why people have to pay for 60fps upgrade? I mean if it's on PC (and I'm sure it will be on PC just like God of War), people can just increase 30fps to 60fps without even paying.... This is just too greedy tbh...
With each video from John I'm more and more suprised how much he likes motion blur.  For me - Motion blur and chromatic abberation are two worst settings in video games.
John you say it wasn't designed for 3D audio but wasn't it?  Uncharted 4 had 3D audio exclusive to the Sony platinum headset.  Same with TLOU2 I thought.
I'm still surprised it's only 1440p at 60FPS for a last-gen game.
30FPS on 4K res just isn't selling it for me. 4K 60FPS is the standard for new gen consoles.
Fantastic breakdown, I'm still torn on whether I purchase this but at least I feel much more informed.
But does it have GYRO aiming though? I hope ND was able to add it after adding it to TLOU2.
It’s me, I’m heathens
Problem is with all these so called "good looking" Console games is as soon as you play it on a PC, you will notice the terrible draw distance quality.
In no way does a mildly prettier/better performing version deserve a charged upgrade in this day and age.
Can't wait for it to come to PC so we can play it on 4K at high frame rates.
SO not many changes then :(
Uncharted 4 is a masterpiece, the lost legacy not so much in my opinion. Just a shame they started charging for frame rate boost.
DF review summary: Bare bones for a tenner  Saved you 20 mins
Why PS5 can not handle Native 4K @ 60fps on games???
Will we able to see the Crash Bandicoot game in this one??? Even after Xbox just recently bought Activision /Blizzard Hope it doesn't effect it because of licensing and all that
Wow. I'm already excited for this ps5 version. I tried playing The Collection, but I never got around to it... Always busy or playing a new game... so many OLD & NEW games I want to play at the same time! It's frustrating !!!!
Gotta get me this collection since I haven't played The Lost Legacy. I loved Uncharted 4 when I got it with my PS4 Slim purchase back in 2016 and it was an amazing experience!
i would like this game more if it had nfts tbh
Can’t wait to play it
sorry but this is way too greedy from sony considering their demo/trailer ran at 60 fps, this definitely did not require massive effort
Motion blur is stupid.  Set it at zero!
Guess what Xbox still have no games
PS 5 already is underperforming, don't even dream for new games too run 120 fps without resolution scaling, but hard to expect more from $500 gaming platform. If you used to play on pc with 144hz or more is hard to switch to ps5 now.
Uncharted BR and Last of Us Survival/Extraction would be so sick
Honestly what would we do without digital foundry???
I can't wait until PS5 supports VRR
Oh for God's sake can we PLEASE get a 4k 60fps mode? That's all I want. Every time these games launch with these ridiculous performance options. Just release a game that looks as good as possible while running at 4k 60fps. Its really not hard to grasp.
I hope sony bring back Killzone, Resistence and Infamous
Thanks for the video... I reckon 99.5% of your audience would prefer less or no motion blur.
30 fps on next gen 🤣🤣
I feel it’s criminal Sony charges for this considering the bang up job series x does with free things like up resign and fps boost
Greedy sony Corporation Sells unlock fps for money👎
If PS5 can run this game at not only 60fps 1440p, but also 120fps 1080p, i can't imagine what Naughty Dogs can do with their first game on PS5...well, at least it will be a sight to behold
Honestly, ND’s last gen games stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the latest next gen content. I think it’ll still take a while for more devs to surpass this level of quality. I’m keen to see what ND’s true next gen games look like.
Welcome to the next generation where you can see more blades of grass in the distance.
No matter how you dress it up the word Remaster as been missed used by ND to describe this game.
30 fps ? 🤣 ps5 is rly next gen !??
"feature is unusable because loading times exist" mkay then lmao
Its Naughty Dogs and they cant go native 4K rock solid 60 fps for a ps4 game slightly improoved visualy. Dont get me wrong its uncharted it looks great but i am not impressed at all its should be a free upgrade.
The 40 fps mode in Rachet and Clank was GREAT. I really thought that would be the start of devs (at least Sony's first party) implementing this mode in the future. Pretty disappointing to not see it here when the PS5 almost certainly has the headroom for it.
I've never played this series.   I'm thinking of buying this for the ps5.
I want to try 40FPS, I might actually like it.
Do I need to rebuy the game or pay for an upgrade to have 60FPS?
No difference between the PS5 and the PS4 I say it every time on these remastered games END OF. still a top game on the PS4.
I don’t care who you are Xbox doesn’t have games like uncharted and haven’t captured that magic. Sure everyone knows last of us 2 was awful, but uncharted is a banger
If any objective person can't see that this console is simply an enhanced ps4 pro by this analysis, then I don't know what else you need to see. This is a native ps5 port at the peak of exclusive optimization that can't handle 60fps in native 4k on a virtual launch last gen game. In less than 2 years, actual current gen games will revert to 1080p low settings in order to sustain 60fps gameplay. Sony knows what they're doing. They built this console to hold for 3 years knowing fully well all we will be getting in that time will be cross gen games so no one will truly detect the Console's anemic capacity to run current gen games. By the time actual current gen games that completely ditch the last gen consoles are released, the ps5 pro will be the center of attention in analysis of gaming performance. Well played Cunning and scummy Sony!
4k 30 ?) Shame
hablad de la niebla en horizon, para que dejéis en ridículo a los haters que no saben lo que es la niebla volumetrica xD
So are they completely done with this series now? No more mainline games?
I look forward to the inevitable disappointment of the PS4 vs PS5 vs Iron Galaxy's PC "port".
Digital Foundy didnt mention about the Shadow resolution? In the PS4 PRO shadows are quite poor and has plently of shadow striping especially in the boat scene,. Does the PS5 has high shadow quality?
Have they got there own PS5 trophies??
Just want 4k60
Yet sony still dont have 1440p output
S E N S A N T I O N  OF  C A R N A G E - 2022, jOHN😂
Not my cup of tea, but awesome that it'll come out on PC, so ppl can finaly play a _shooter_ with mouse/KB, as is sensible and fun (:
Definitely getting the PC version for no limitations. When is UC5 coming?
lol Visual Artists' lov their blurry effects... Blur effects can add upto 30%ms extra in the rendering pipeline per frame. Kills latency and 💩 on visuals. Don't forget about DOF blur, fast blur, mesh blur, distortion blur, bokeh blur,  distance blur, gaussian blur, circle blur, blurGbuffer, along with Chromatic  aberration & Vignette. GOW and FFVII remake are terrible with blur thank God u can disable it blur in FF on PC.
I hate the fact that console games all have multiple graphics modes now. Part of the appeal of console gaming (especially exclusives) for me was that the games were designed exactly in the vision and expertise of the developers.  Now, I feel like can’t fully enjoy a 60fps mode because I know there are better textures or effects or resolution I could be seeing. But I also can’t fully enjoy a better image quality because I know there’s a mode with a smoother gameplay experience that I’m now missing.  I wish developers would decide what kind of visual experience best fits their vision and tailor the game to that, rather than just adding a budget-pc-like experience where the gamer has to choose which elements to sacrifice.
How dare you call me a heathen for not wanting my game looking blurry.
0:38 that transition over to 60fps is just glorious. There is no going back to 30fps. We need this for Bloodborne.
Does performance plus mode require a display with HDMI 2.1?
I'm ready to see the PC port. If it's as good as god of war, definitely buying it.
I expected this game to run at 4k 120fps or more giving its a 7yr old game Much like MCC which it upgraded all its games to 4k 120fps and dolby vision Damnit sony
Hoping for a PC release of this soon, never played them.
Crank it up!!
Thanks Digital Foundry, I’ve been waiting on this video 👍🏾
120 fps is cool but not worth it
I got a PS5 and Series X when they came out back in Nov. 2020 so I could pump 2160p games onto my LG CX OLED. And I was disappointed that even these new consoles can’t reliably hold 2160p @ a paltry 60fps (60 is not even a true high frame rate, guys). Hence what we see here: [1440p 60fps]. That’s the kind of sh*t that motivated me to build a gaming PC with an RTX 3090 a year ago. Guarantee when this game comes out on PC, my PC will play it at 2160p 90+fps, and I won’t need to compromise on sharpness (or motion smoothness).   But, I’ll still play it on PS5 later this week. That’s the advantage of owning all the current hardware.
So Sony removed the 20 dollar, and sometime 10 dollar on sale, lost legacy game so they can push us u4 with lost legacy at a steep price… smh just wanted to play lost legacy, now I have to pay 60 bucks lol  DF did a great job as always though, nice comparison
I only played the Nathan Drake Collection games on PS4 and was liking them quite a bit but oh boy what a massive transformation for the better was when I played U4. Like that game blows out of the water all 3 previous games in every aspect, especially loved how more humane the story was. I bet an Uncharted 5 will be extra amazing!
People have seriously misplaced expectations. If they struggle to run older games at 120FPS what makes you think 120FPS will become the "Norm" in the future
Hmm surprising they had to drop it to 1440p to get it 60fps stable i was hoping for 1800p or so.
Best series on ps
I hate that we have to choose resolution or frame rate, give me 120hz and 4k at the same time damn it!! PS5 PRO WHEN???
Been looking forward to this!  Thanks DF!
Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy were already great on base PS4. Those playing these masterpieces first time on PS5 are blessed.
Man I remember pre-launch people thinking Ps5 wouldn't even be doing 60fps lol.  Just not enough power!  Then you had fakes that tried to say they designed God of War when they really didn't saying the PS5 would have trouble with streaming games ( LOL ).  just so much fud prior to launch.    Then the system hits and basically everything has 60fps and there's a good number now that have 120fps which again people thought only Series X could handle
You don't have to promote the PS5 if there are no PS5s....
Can’t wait for it on pc -
Always find the 3d audio really tinny.
This is a quick cash grab and not worth buying when ps4 version is free with ps5
I don't think you understand motion blur and why it exists. Of course there will be less on higher framerates.
Well, that was underwhelming to the point that I wouldn’t call it a remaster.
motion blur set to 0 like it should be. the world isnt blurry when u turn around in real life.
We need more performance plus modes
5:16 Nice shot.
This game is still extremely impressive on a technical level. I'm going through RDR2 again on my PS5 and I think it edges it overall with attention to detail, physics, etc, but I think the next ND game will be mind blowing with this sort of stuff. Very excited to see what they're working on.
Wow so disappointed in Naughty dog with this release we can't even get a dynamic resolution with the performance mode like insomniac games also how can a ps4 linear game not do 4k 60 on ps5 like honestly what garbage is this? Look at ghost of tsushima ps5 its 4k60 and looks great while being a big open world even rift apart a ps5 game can do 4k fidelity at 40fps so how in the world is this not running 4k 60 no problem makes no sense
Which console will you be buying  1 - PS5 2-  Xbox series X Like - PS5 Comment below - Xbox series X
They really need to hurry up with the 1440 output.
So what did they add to warrant this $10 upgrade, like I seriously don't get it. Getting for the PC for true Native 4k 60fps and up but damn this is disgraceful
Great video. Would be interesting to see what the difference is in input lag.
Ok so i bought the lost legacy a while back. With my own money but i  have uncharted 4 on psplus when they released it on psplus can i still have the upgrade path for 10 dollars or do i have to buy the full 50 dollars
14:55 hahahaha, the corpse jumping around, LOL.
PS5 only offers higher graphic fidelity at a locked 60 fps and a lower quality of graphics at a higher fps. Can't wait for the "Enhanced Edition" PC version where you can have both high fps and a high graphic settings.
I didn’t know Sony had updated the PS5 to support 1440p yet, when was this added?
Dam it I’m probably replayed it
I don't have a ps5 but I have a RTX 3070 can't wait for the pc port
One thing I’d love to know is how dynamic resolution scaling affects input-to-photon latency
Need the first 3 games get an update from my ps4 disk version
the upgrade is a mediocre effort tbh, the difference is negligible.
As a heathen that gets a headache from blur, i will turn that off asap
Uncharted 4 did support 3D audio on PS4 with the Playstation Platinum Headset, I doubt it was drag and drop because the tech is so different and I'm sure this implementation is much better.
Great to see there’s an option to turn off motion blur! Also looking forward to playing this at 60 fps with the 3d audio. The DualSense features are less exciting since when rumble and the haptic feedback are on, the DualSense cannot call itself a wireless controller. The DualShock 4 wasn’t great with battery life, with the DualSense I either have to switch controllers or plug in a USB C cable if my gaming session os longer than 2-3 hours
sony could have done this for free
40 fps is the way to go! Every game should have that :(
Does that mean PS5 is 2X times a Pro and 4X Times a Base PS4?
I welcome all the console gamers to the PC FPS master race.
40fps R&C was great. I wanna see that more for sure. it does eliminate the worst of 30fps problems.
Jumping back to Uncharted 4 and the Lost Legacy again this time in PS5's Performance mode hehe!
I’m waiting for the last of us 2 PS5 version with Factions the multiplayer.
i feel attacked, not really. motion blur will cause me to turn other things down like post processing and stuff i hate it so much. what is it that you like more i wonder, maybe ive been missing out.
I'm kind of surprised to see that this game has a 120fps mode, it's really not something I was expecting.  It's great to see that both Sony and Microsoft are focusing more on performance than graphics, we had beautiful games last generation but it always saddened me that most games ran at just 30fps.
Time for VRR Sony!
I'm still amazed how ND managed to make these games run looking like this on base PS4 –that holds up really well into the current gen– with a meager Jaguar CPU/GPU capable of no more than 1.8TF. Talent and resource efficiency.
I remember in high school when I got my first job at subway I bought a PS4 just to play this game. The graphics still blow me away as much as they did back in 2016
How does it look in 60 fps mode with BFI?
Man i hated uncharted 4, beautiful looking game but terrible combat and endless forced slow climbing sections (god i hated the forced climbing)
NO 4k 60 FPS !!!???? DAM IM SAD
Looking forward to seeing how it works on PC.
Waiting for the PC version.
Awesome review! Thanks for touching on the dualsense features. Not enough reviewers do this. My favourite next gen feature !
This is really impressive to see such a visual stunning game able to reach 120fps it couldn't been easy if i had to guess.
Honestly, this is bringing up to me some amazing memories... i had with UC series  and makes me sad at the same time that there will no more new adventures with Nathan... Great work Naughty Dog I respect your decision but I'm still Sad 😔
When you have a 3 modes side by side and I’m squinting to see a difference I’ve lost interest.  Tired of these game companies re releasing old content and expecting people to drop 70 bucks for better shadows and a higher frame rate.
Heathen here. Motion blur in the original was horrendous. Highly recommend everyone turns it off.
Waiting for FIdelity Mode 60 FPS on PC =)
We can play in 4k 30fps,1440 60fps or 1080p 120fps if xbox can do 4k 120fps why can't PS5.
Never trust a man who uses motion blur 😄
plain old cashgrab strategy. Incredible that this company is doing this. Instead of a simple patch. While on PC you can just adjust however you want any version. Soon this game as well.
When I heard about a new LEGO Sea of thieves game, this was not what I expected
Can't wait what ND has to offer for this gen.
VRR will definitely help the performance+ mode to reach perfection. Hope that Sony will drop the update soon.
Definitely not paying $50 for this
Daylight robbery. Stick with the original games and treat yourself to 1,2 and 3 for the same price.
Disappointed not having a 40fps mode  🙁
I really like Digital Foundry but this dude's hard-on for motion blur is unfathomable
Sony squeezing another $10 out of people. At least it's not Nintendo levels of extortion but damn, it feels sleezy af.
wow only 4k 30fps? That is awful! 😮
If you're going to make me rebuy the game just to get these enhancements, then you need to bring it to PC.  These new consoles are trash.
Performance mode is best. Same resolution as PS4 pro (1440p), but double fps, and better draw distance.
I guess that was Audi changing the subtitles at 9:16?  You prankster, you.
I completed all 5 Uncharted games, and i forgot to complete whole 6th. The big standalone UC 4 DLC. 5th being the VITA exclusive game. Anyway.  I just completed Halo Infinite, and completed most of Gears of War 5. Probably gonna complete Unharted 4 The Lost Legacy next on PS4.
No RT Mode?
its ok update for 10$. i wish it had MP as well.  and i dont get why 60fps not with dynamic resolution. i think it would hit 1600p most of the time. and with PS5 Pro we would have 4K 60 fps. but AGAIN we are with unnecessary locks. WHY?
Can't wait to see the crisis 4 video
The PlayStation 5 the most powerful console of all time.
Nice. But again mostly a paid upgrade we have been getting for free on other platforms.
So PS5 can't handle a 2016 game at 4K/60 fps? I'm genuinely disappointed.
Honestly, the analysis from Digital Foundry is simply fantastic. As for the PS5 upgrade, I'm going to do it. It's totally worth it.
Hopefully this will keep y’all distracted from Microsoft buying up all the studios.  Lol
I'm so excited never played both and was able to get both copies both for 10 bucks. Can't wait to play on ps5
5:57 imagine this scene/game with all the rtx bells and whistles. Man if only.
ps5 is weak... we want 4k native 60fps maybe ps5 pro
When it's released on PC later this year that will be the ultimate version.  Can't wait!
I’m so happy for the option to turn off motion blur because with it on makes games unplayable for me.
can we get a 120hz update for Uncharted 1-3 Remastered? And we also need it for Last of Us 1-2
Thanks DF! This is a fantastic breakdown. Performance mode for me until PS5 gets VRR. Great upgrade for just $10.
why are playstation game so quality wise compared to ubisoft for example ? why cant many game developers not reach playstation studios quality besides rockstar games
Did he really just say the encounter options on PS4 was basically unplayable because it had a 45 second loading time? What in the actual fuck?
Согласен, нужно 40 кадров!
No 4K\60?!
Solid deal for 10$ upgrade , Amazing series
1440p 60fps high quality settings yeah this is good enough
Thanks for mentioning the Ratchet and Clank 40FPS mode, it really is a game-changer.   I'm still non-the-wiser after watching, though... Are the graphical settings the same for all three modes?
Five years later and finally we get this masterpiece at 60 fps. I am glad to see that the performance mode didn't lose anything in comparison to the PS4 pro version, that one already looked amazing, and adding 60 fps makes this game one of the best looking games and gaming experiences for the current generation, even better looking than games released in the last year. Now we need an upgrade for the Nathan Drake Collection at 4K on the PS5, the three first games felt amazing on the PS4 at 60 fps but they don't look quite sharp on a 4K display.
They should've added the 40fps mode like Ratchet and Clank and call it Fidelity Plus.
Hoping for 40fps option Horizon forbidden west 🤞
Can't wait for the PC version coming soon as well.
This video made me realize something. People who LIKE motion blur actually exist.
I legit finished uncharted lost legacy week later they announced updated version 😭
Hoping for a 40fps mode
What Naughty Dog had achieved with the PS4 generation is just a masterclass in optimization on a relatively underpowered hardware. I can't wait to see what they have in store for the PS5.
Maybe I'm just blind, but I have Playstation 4 Pro and I can't tell the difference between 30 and 60 FPS and I'm from a generation where graphics don't really matter. 🤓
performance mode looks like sh*t - looks like a standart game - nothing special. 30 fps + motion blur on PS4 Pro was really cinematic. Fidelity mode is the golden mode on PS5. Hopfully they will improve the motion blur options.
The blur guys
I am debating between 1440p 60 or 1080p120
what does shutter speed mean in a game I've never heard of that before in terms of video games
Can't wait to play it on PC.
Great games back in the day! I don't need too replay "Remastered games." Thats not what I purchased a PS5 for. I'll save my £££ for Horizon forbidden west & GT-7. Hopefully we might get Dead Space Remake this year aswel. Obviously God of War Ragnarok aswel. But "Remastered" old classics! No thank you! Naughty Dog. Just make a new IP already.
60fps 2k in 6 year old game on a next gen console, what a joke xD At this point im holding ps5 only for forbidden west and gran turismo 7 really...
At 10:00, the motion blur seemed to scale with the frame rate, I can see the trails are longer on the left, which makes sense since it's running at 30fps, so you'd want something like a 60Hz shutter speed for ex, and on the right it looks reduced, again that makes sense. Motion blur effect is always less visible at higher frame rates, that's how it should work.
I’m glad they changed the motion blur. It was unbearable in the original release and distracted from a lot of the action
hope the loading carries over to pc
Why is motion blur on....  😅
I love uncharted 4 so much!
the motion blur propaganda is honestly triggering me haha
i would caution against 40 fps (and even 30 fps modes) Samsung is moving forward with 144 hz  tvs from next year. PS5 will HAVE TO have VRR or this wont be great to play PS5 games on   xbox will be fine.....although i wonder how well 60 fps can look on a 144 hz monitor even with VRR  if this means we can drop the stupid 60 fps stanard and go back to the classic PC CRT monitor standards or 72 hz and 144 hz, that would be a win
Games like this from Sony is why Playstation fans could care less about Microsoft buying everything.
Performance mode is disappointing. Naughty dog should have gone up to 2160p checkerboard rendering at 60fps. Why they couldn't achieve that?
I honestly think that all this is just nitpicking. We are in the Nate that we are trying to find differences. Like contrast differences.  I know this is your channels purpose and it's getting more difficult to find differences no it's still very seems we almost reached peak gaming, and I admire you for trying to find differences. But with the same breath I honestly can say that the game looks identical to the normal person eyes.
SONY really need to push out a 1440p update for the ps5.
so we need PS5 pro for 4k 120?
waiting for 120 at 4k when it comes to pc
motion blur blows
"Struggling to enjoy gaming" Wowowowow PC Master Race
I never got to play the chapter with the girl character, so this is a must-buy for me.
I don’t know, my friend, I usually always hate motion blur on the turning of the camera
Too bad i just finished the plus version of the thief‘s end. Now i would have to pay full price of 50 to enjoy it again and the legacy. I will buy it, but i’ll wait for a sale. Nice video though!
The ps4 version (of both) had 3d audio with the ps platinum head set, I'm not sure if this version is better, but they did have 3d audio before this version
so 8k 120fps was a lie?
These aren't that type of games which we wanna revisit.
Emperors new clothes.
Insane load times! That trully shows what optimizing for the SSD does vs just pure brute force through backcompat. Once every game is true next gen only any loading time higher than 3 or 4 seconds should be considered bad at this point. Also this games show the amazing PS5 compression tech when its size is less than Uncharted 4 alone on PS4, damn.
when PC...
If PS5 can run uncharted 4 above 100fps I'm sure it can run uc1-3 at 120fps easily
I will be getting this ducker the minute its ready for download  some great games due in 2022
Really annoying that you pretend that it ISN'T the majority of players who prefer motion blur off.
Motion blur always off. It’s an abomination.
2k 60fps is the best mode basically. Great optimization ND!
Isn't reduced motion blur with higher framerates just realistic? For a constant shutter angle but varying frame rate the motion blur amount will change. Also, since I think these motion blur effects are done using motion vectors, which rely on the previous frame rendered, I think implementing a shuter angle of > 360 degrees (basically inheriting motion even from the 2nd last frame) is technically not straight forward. If I'm wrong, please correct me, I would love to know counter arguments. (Also I don't know what shutter angle the game uses on max settings, maybe it doesn't even reach 360)
Very nice. And we should actually praise the $10 upgrade, because they could just sell it as a remaster at full price ignoring previous owners. I do not mind paying ten bucks for native PS5 code with so many improvements.
Why a green line in the graph with the 120fps mode?  Xbox fanboys
$15 for an upgrade and a movie ticket, sold
Anyone know the song that plays in the background around 16:00
Insomniac swooped in and took the PS5 by storm. I’m hoping ND shows something native PS5 soon. I only have the highest expectations from them.
I want these performance boosts for Killzone 2!
I can smell the PC version coming soon.
Jesus, 1080p? really? Ps5 finally hitting 120 fps in a 6 year old game... yikes
Here is your faster loading times and increased framerate.  This will be $40 + tip, sir
30fps never bothered me with these games. still, higher frames are welcome.
ps5 very powerfull!!! 4k 30 fps game of 5 yearsold!! very impressive!🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤡🤡🤡
Coming to PC
I didn’t like The Last of Us Part 2 (well, I loved half, didn’t like half), but the technicals of the game was jaw dropping. ND did some utter black magic with that game. Incredible
VRR would sort those drops out.... Come on Sony, you've patched VRR into your 120hz TV's now do it for the PS5!
So what you're telling me is if you play at 0.5x speed, you could capture 240hz video
There wouldn't be need for a Full Remaster if PS4 pro was 6TF
So no gyro aim option? TLOU 2 was way cooler with gyro aiming, I hoped this would become a standard option in Naughty Dog games.
So your telling me Sony is this such a small update as a full new release instead of letting ps5 players just update their old uncharted?
Not worth the upgrade. Nobody really notices the extra amount of detail while playing.
The color and contrast differences between the two versions is big on its own. When I get my hands on a PS5, this is a must buy, also considering I still have a 2015 PS4 and never upgraded to the Pro nor I experienced gaming in 4K.
When will the pc version release?
Did anyone get artifacting during cutscenes and random pop ins with the PS4 version running on ps5?
I also love how PS5 doesnt look washed out like the PS4
What's up with the tree line at 3:10? I remember seeing textures missing on small objects every now and then in BOTH games on a Base PS4, which resulted in 3D models being completely white. Could this be the same issue?
Sony should share this with Xbox
I wonder why god of war and horizon were able to pull off near 4k and 60 fps on backwards compat? was it just due to the lack of checker boarding and trying to output the fidelity mode in native? just curious looking at alot of modern games like hitman, DMC 5, ghosts of Tsushima able to pull 4k 60 why this 70 dollar game doesn't :P. im so excited to play it regardless!!!
Drake's body count puts agent 47 to shame.
I'm waiting with bated breath for when we move into firmly next (now current) gen.  As of now, all major releases have been made with older hardware in mind and seeing any upgrades has just been very subtle. When we firmly enter next gen, I'm sure we'll see some legendary levels of fidelity
Fk motion blur. I always turn it off at 60fps or higher. When the game is locked at 30fps then motion blur works better because it blends in with the ghosting effect of 30fps. It makes the game feel more smooth when playing with a controller.
Still won’t buy this since Sony are being total jerks about the upgrade. Only digital copies can get the $10 upgrade. So special edition I bought for more than the base game isn’t included because it’s a physical copy. Greed at its finest and Sony trying to push used games out of the market.
So, did John say this collection has or hasn’t go HDR support?
I'll buy when 40fps on 120hz mode is patched in.  Otherwise  - no buy.
excellent review as always. Im surprised at how good the 120hz mode runs. Yea the game still looks fantastic. Seems like a solid upgrade.
Brilliant! Thank you 👍
Heathen? He called us motion blur removers heathens?   I AM INSULTED, GOOD SIR!
Why would ANYONE prefer that god awful motion blur from the ps4 version?  You might as well set the resolution to 480p as you'd get a cleaner image with more detail. You know what generates motion blur?  OUR FREAKING EYES!  Adding it completely destroys image quality and realism unless simulating in-game effects like intoxication.  Any developer with an ounce of sense will at the very least give players to option to disable it COMPLETELY, and thankfully ND have done this. As for the increased contrast on ps5 vs ps4, sony already bump it up a lot even on the ps4 compared to xbox versions of the same game.  Its a cheat way to make the images seem higher quality, but actually reduces the quality and gives a more limited dynamic range on SDR displays.  I wish they'd stop it.
Can't wait to set Motion Blur to 0
Ahh hmm PS5...finally one can play all the PS4 games one already played in a more decent quality. IF one could buy said new console.  Ahhhhh, good times
Nice, but there is nothing about this "upgrade" that screams 50 euro. I would say they are pretty much negligible and most of the bump comes from increased resolution. This should be just 10 euro max upgrade to existing game. Not worth it, U4 and Lost Legacy are dirt cheap now, U4 is even part of PS plus collection.
So how do I upgrade for 10 bucks? I have the PS4 Disc Release. But the Playstation Store only gives me the option to preorder for 50 bucks. Does anybody know?
Are these changes only available in the PS5 re-release of these games? Or have the PS4 versions been patched for PS5?
Long live microsoft and pc.....
PC wins, flawless victory.
Always nice to hear someone show appreciation for motion blur. There are so many people who hate it, and I don’t understand.
Great video can’t wait to play.🎮
Can't wait for PC version so we can play with high framerate, resolution, and quality at the same time.
everytime I see this games it reminds me of Rich Evans and Jack playing it on Pre Rec.... 🤣🤣🤣
Since fidelity mode didn't have a single frame drop it would've been nice to see a fidelity mode with 120Hz refresh rate running at 40FPS, kinda like what insomniac did with ratchet and clank. 4K at 40fps.
the 1080P resolution target for 120fps makes sense giving the PS5's lack of VRR. I hope they will be able to implement it soon so they can target higher resolutions.
Man, when will Sony stop selling us the same shit all over again? Xbox has backwards compatibility which does practically the same things as these remasters but for free.
Great video. I have a question. Is there any 60 fps improvement on the multiplayer if I pay the $10 upgrade on ps5? I really loved those games but I still enjoy the MP with friends, would be a blast if it receives frame unlock.
I've found 60 fps and ray tracing to be my preferred way of play
Looks amazing, doubt I’d notice half the stuff in the video though
one dissapointment is that even with a last generation game we can't get 4k 60fps...so it means that there are not going go be games not even on ps5 on 4k 60 fps( not to mention more demanding games made specialy for ps5) ...and the tv manufacturers talk 8k tv...usless in the next 5 years
Really disappointed that it doesnt do 4k60. They should have applied Radeon FSR. I won't be upgrading as I played it on the pro and the upgrade simply isn't good enough. It should be a free patch.
What about texture filtering was it even improved???
It's like a really damn good movie, one you might rewatch every few years or so
fuck 40 fps (or any other locked framerate), we just need proper VRR support and option to remove framerate cap completely. I am saying that as someone who playing with g-sync on PC since 2015 . You don't need capped 40fps if you can do lets say uncapped variable 40-55. You don't need capped 60 or 120fps if you can do variable 60-144 (as long as there is no cpu related stutter)
I'll wait for the definitive version when it comes to PC 👍🙂
can't wait to play 4K 120 FPS on PC!!!!
The big difference is that you have to buy it again. Well done Nintendo, oops Sony I mean.
This beta test is looking good. Keep it up, Sony and continue that trend of ultrawide support in the full release version.
why is 4K 30fps much less demanding than 2K 120fps? I would think they should be practically equivalent?
Sorry but this should run 4K 60 for a mid PS4 game
ahh the good times before Naughty Dog was corrupted by weed consumption and lgbt activism. I would love to buy this edition but I refuse to send any money in Neil Cuckman's way.
They’re charging for a basic patch.
God i cant wait for the PC version
I love sausages
been waiting for this video! thanks DF! you guys are awesome!
How does the surround sound compare in this collection versus hearing the PS4 games with the PLATINUM headset and the specialized 7.1 surround mix via the app? The Platinum headset was pricey and marketed with Uncharted 4 in mind
Always appreciate digital foundries review. I just got through watching all of the uncharted cutscene only movies/action gameplay, 3+ hours a piece. Crazy how big of a graphical leap the PS4 uncharted to the PS3 ones were... I just don't see it with PS5. Yes there's slightly more fidelity. Selling frame rates has the new leap for a whole console generation just isn't captivating
PC version coming soon if you want 4K and 60fps.
Hopefully Sony will patch in VRR support and clean up some of those drops in 120fps mode.
4k/60 should've been the fidelity mode. bringing a 5 yrs old game on the newest console that boasts a 10TF gpu and then have it run in 30fps? nah
I can't wait for the PC version!
You mean to tell me that couldn't do 4k 60?
120fps>>>>>2k/4k
You like blur waaaaaay too much. LOL
Sony really needs to finally roll out VRR!! It's a shame they always are so late to the party.
Why do they keep making Naughty Dog make cool multiplayer modes only to immediately scrap it each and every time?
Cant wait for the Pc version. Done with consoles as the ps4 pro was my last. Love these games and cant wait to replay them on the Strongest - Best plattform. Bring it on and TLOU 2 also. Im ready Sony and the Only way for them to get my money 👍
This is definitely one of the best games to ever hit the PlayStation console. The Pc players are in for a really great treat when it finally hits pc
Needs gyro aim
Can't agree on the motion blur. One of the first things I do on any game I play is to turn motion blur off. Makes the experience so much better.
So if I don't own this game at all, should I just buy a PS4 version for way cheaper and then pay for the upgrade? I assume that's going to be a lot less expensive than buying the PS5 version.
Thanks for giving this your all, as you always do. I appreciated the DS5 feature review especially and I think I just might buy the thing now.
Love these games but I'm not going to pay for a patch.
This game gets it's backwards :p Performance is supposed to be the best for FPS while performance plus is usually the mix of performance and fidelity.
on the offical Playstation Store page it mentions the Performance Mode is "4K resolution upscaled from a 1440p base resolution". Is there any evidence of that or is it just a flat 1440p?
Every one of these changes are exactly what I was hoping for.
Remaster station 5, Sony knows How to squize all of money from consumers. I am not selling my ps4 pro No way. I own Series X and ps4 pro/ ps3 and X360. Gran Turismo 7 is Only Sony game I am interested in but will run on ps4 as well.
Excellent comparison.We are waiting Crysis 4 comparison now:))
Wonder if it’d be possible to do a check board rendered 1440p with frames rates close to 120fps
I feel like YT should have 120fps support by now.
Beautiful
All I wanted was 40fps 4k mode and fast loading. Got 2/3
120 fps was unexpected. Glad they are seeing value in these high framerate modes.
Very nice 💟
will there be a cheap or cost free patch from the original PS4 Version to the native ps5 Version?
Pony’s bringing up how smooth 40fps was on ratchet lmao
DF you have done a great job on this ' this is just SONY doing a cash grab. i love me ps5 and have these game i will 100%  Not be wasting me money on  this rubbish .
Nice, this is all I wanted and want from other remasters for PS5. Nothing dramatic but refinement at 60/120fps, sadly it cost a Naitive app for full feature-set but appreciated when they care enough to do it. This game was among the first that sold me on presentation over raw resolution, the extra detail and draw distance is welcome even though you barely see pop-in issues on naughty dog games. now I can erase 60fps+ Uncharted 4 from my Wishlist
Pretty good performance in the 120 fps mode, too. When we finally will get this VRR update… come on Sony… this will be fantastic way to replay the game.
Omg the power of ps5 120 fps lol
Was hoping for a 60fps 4K mode on the PS5. I guess I will have to get the PC version sometime in 2022!
Is this a joke 1080p at 120 fps lololololololol
Is there an update option for these games if not then blows my mind takes the Mick if this was on pc scales with the pc you own but own a post got to but the game again. Makes no sense
Free upgrade shld have been
What is it that you love about motion blur?
I never knew how much I needed to see Nathan get dragged around at 50% speed lol. It looks so funny :D
Can I use my PS4 disc with PS5 and get these upgrades, or do I have to re-purchase the game for PS5?
Yeah what a looker on ps4 seriously, i think i am going to pick this up on pc, if i'm not mistaken it's coming soon?
I was waiting on this DF deep dive thanks guys
............ PS5 SUPER ULTRA POWER !!!!  Where is the 4k 120fps mode Sony ??  All the Sony fangirls where are you now??
do i have to pay for the update?
Let's be honest: this upgrade should have been free. Only frame rate and resolution have been improved. The graphics and textures are virtually the same.
Would take the  same as ps4 pro  with 60 on ps5
Love the this series to be released on pc I have never played one
I wonder if we'll ever get to a point with consoles where you never have to sacrifice anything. 120 fps full 4k with ray tracing with vrr in all games. Is that a dream only realized by pc?
This is a big missed opportunity for ND. A release like this is when you have the opportunity to add and test new technologies to your engine, like reconstruction.
Come on Ps5 4k 30 rubbish  the old pro could do 4k 30 ?
My first game on my PS4, days after having graduated  from my college back in the day. What can I say? It was one of the best gaming experiences I have ever had up until that point !
meh. an upgrade locked behind a pay wall yet a again. Sony are absolute scum
What kind of magicians are the guys at naughty dog? This game still looks way better than most new games..
Case nobody's ever known this very well-known fact even people who have 120 and 144 Hertz monitors and above drop frames. I think more or less to do argument should be how important TV manufacturers continue to support vrr and freesync and ALL
here's hoping the PC version is at least this good. I look forward to replaying them.
Just a thought - maybe the blur on PS5 is what was intended - it looks as if the extra ghosting from the ps4 version is linked to the TAA (temporal anti aliasing) solution used for the ps4 version. There's a siggraph paper on that for one of the Advances in Real Time course that happens every year if anyone is interested
4k 30 still ? Ok I'm disappointed
You talked about contrast and brightness being different and how it is probably due to how the ps5 handle sdr. But isnt uncharted 4 an hdr game? Or is the ps5 converting it to hdr? When I load up the old version it asks me if I want to play in hdr so I figured it is something the game was made with in mind.
I hope it and when PlayStation includes VRR there could be an unlocked option for fidelity modes
I wonder if uncharted 4 will still have Xbox mascot Crash Bandicoot
The fact that you have to buy the game again even if you own it through ps plus means I'll probably skip it, what a shame how anti consumer Sony are.
Who's in the videos, they're getting tagged 🤗  . . . Tbh this is awesome! It's more brighter "Vibrant "better visuals better textured hair "better textured environment and face animation. I also really enjoyed hearing about haptics in the controller which love. Excellent video "DF💯✌
REAL HEATHENS = motion blue fans
Naughty Dog really made such an impressively gorgeous masterpiece on the PS4 6 years ago that all they could really do is slightly tweak it visually. The same goes for The Lost Legacy. I’m glad to see the QoL changes will better maintain two of my favorite games for years to come.
Higher framerates are almost always preferable to higher resolutions with lower framerates. Those of us who game on PC have known this for years.
This game looks just amazing  I just hope we can bump up the resolution of the explosion effects on the pc version when it releases, because low res explosions are a REAL pet peeve for me and is almost always a clear sign of a game being made for console
Hey no problem just enable VRR and your good to go, oh wait nvm😏. Hey at least it’s still great seeing the graphical power of that not available anywhere else SSD being put to good use 😁🖕
I think the Performance 1440p @60fps is the way to go 👍
all this does it renew my anticipation of the PC release
10:35 he is talking about dunkey
When we are at a point of combing for differences, you know this generation has started with the wrong foot.
I dont understand why we couldnt get 4k60?
I hope Naughty Dog makes a similar native PS5 physical collection for Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection (Uncharted 1 ~ 3) and also includes a remastered version of Uncharted Golden Abyss.  It'd be nice to have the entire series on PS5.
Not a lot of people I know gave last legacy a chance but it’s a great game
Damn the black crush is crazy on ps5.
Fidelity mode on PS5 should be 60fps…… this is a PS4 game. Why is it 30fps?  The PS5 sure doesn’t seem to next gen to me :(
SHOCKING!! A PS4 game can’t run at 4K60 on PS5 ..sums it all up!!
nice review 👌
I guess I'm one of those heathens. I only like a little motion blur on 30 FPS games. If it can run at 60, I turn it off.
i hate those effects, motion blur, chromatic aberration , film grain ...
Nice! Can't wait for the definitive edition on PC 😎
Excellent. The only game left in my library that is locked to 30 fps is now RDR2. Rockstar? You reading this?
SONY SONY SONY SONY SONY SONY SONY SONY SONY
who the hell will play on performance mode ????
This should be free though tbh, next gen upgrade
I can't wait to see how these games look on PC.
No way in the world would I play a 1080p game mode in 2022 on a big Sony Bravia 4K TV. Fidelity 4K mode all the way.   Besides I hate how the motion blur is nearly completely gone on performance mode, much rather have my games look like a Film than a cartoon.
Wasn't this coming to PC?
So just a quick cash grab? Typical Sony 🤣
Thank you for these tech analyzes guys. We really appriciate your hard work. Thank you.
Never played the series, looks like Sonys version of the Tomb Raider games.
PC version nigh ? :)
Can’t wait to play the 120hz mode
I will play it on m'y crt dell m782p
The visual upgrade is so miniscule that it doesnt warrant £40 !They could just release a 60fps patch like they did for Last of us 2. Money grab all I cans see!
The 60 FPS on PS5 is nice but I’m honestly more impressed with how the PS4 was able to achieve this level of fidelity a few years back
As someone who owns both of these games and a PS5, nothing I heard in this video tells me that this couldn't have also been a free update for people like me...
I’d rather have more games coming out faster than more windows and plants
When having to wait slightly less than a minute to load into a level and back to main menu makes "this feature basically unusable", you know we're spoiled to no end.
Not having an unlocked 4k mode is annoying. Come PS5 pro or PS6, we won't get 4k 60fps.. why can't devs future proof in this aspect?  You simply have a frame rate unlocked option when quality mode is selected. How hard is that?
This guy and his obsession with motion blur 🤣Object motion blur is ok if done right, but camera motion blur is pure puke in every scenario.
So I take it they re-rendered all the cutscenes at 60fps? I think that was the thing that was the most problematic with just putting out a patch like with TLOU2. UC4 would sneakily cut to pre-rendered scenes after a couple shots of a cutscene, and use that to mask load times.
The shot at 5:15 is what games like this are built for.  Keep the single player games coming devs....don't worry about that online trash.
We're all waiting for the PC version you know it
When a game is this ahead of it's time, it's hard to improve it significantly with a remaster.
Thanks for listening to my feedback and changing the intro gain levels
Would love to see DF revisit this when the PC version comes out. Hopefully, Sony keeps the ports coming along with excellent quality/parity.
4k 60 should be the standard now for console games there no excuses
18:54 Something I noticed with how PS5 sees the PS4 versions of Uncharted 4 & Lost Legacy, regardless of if you had both installed on the PS5 via Backwards Compatibility, it's only seen as one OR the other game (Loading up Lost Legacy via backwards compatibility, I loaded up trophies and it's seeing it as Uncharted 4 & only showing me the trophies for Uncharted 4 unless I unlock a trophy in Lost Legacy, then it changes to the respective game, with the exception that Uncharted 4 now only shows Lost Legacy's trophies). I believe that could be one of the reasons why PS5 isn't finding your Lost Legacy save file.   The PS5 is probably only seeing Uncharted 4.
Welp, they can have my $10 bucks…definitely worth the upgrade cost
I'm just waiting for the PC release
Haven't played uncharted before so this is perfect buy for me
Ahhh. To know I’m a heathen puts a smile on my face.
John there is actually a way to restore the motion blur from the PS4 version all you have to do is put vaseline on the screen it really is that easy.
I hate motion blur!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looking forward to the PC release and test !
I always wondered why it was that other PS4 games like uncharted collection and God of War (running on a PS5) were offered 60fps performance but UC4 wasnt? Now I understand why... so they can sell it back to you.
It's a no brainer for me since I never played lost legacy and I basically get the upgrade and that game for 10 bucks which is a pretty solid deal
Praises new image quality while also praising a setting that makes the image more blurry. ????
I'm surprised that Microsoft haven't bought this yet...
4k30fps ?what happened to the magic SSD and the promise of “8k 120fps “?
Another paid PS5 update, I want to try this but I don’t want to buy them again.
I think I’m gonna do Fidelity mode. Because of the cinematic nature of the game, 30fps with native 4K will still look amazing and sharp giving it a nice cinematic quality.
I'm looking forward to the PC release. Just wish the same could happen for 1-3 as well since 2 is one of my favorite games ever. I'm definitely down to play this game at a higher frame rate than 30, though. It was definitely super noticeable on PS4 Pro, particularly with the aiming. I don't know why but it feels like the PS3 games, even though they were also 30FPS, just had much better aiming control. Maybe there is some input lag happening or something with the heavy post processing.
Maybe Bluepoint will do a full fledged remake of the uncharted trilogy. Or the god of war trilogy.
Oh my god thank the heavens. You can turn the motion blur off!!!
It's not a movie, it's a game. Motion blur is much better this way.
Personally I think i'd like motion blur if the option was separated into "Object Motion Blur" and "Camera Motion Blur". The former would add motion blur to models in motion in gameplay while the latter would add motion blur to the entire picture when the camera moves. CoD Warzone has a similar graphical option, where the Object Motion Blur would affect only the gun model and not the overall picture.
uncharted ps4 looks better than 99,9% of all pc games.
I'll be playing UC 4 on my RTX 3090 on LG C1 oled at 120FPS :-D  Yayyyyyyyyyy
Motion Blur intensity recommended ? Thanks
no multiplayer?!?!?!?!? no buy on PC. :(
Thank you for this analysis.  How is the lightning, raytracing implementation?   Haven't played this, so I'm looking forward to it.  I wish I had the same hair as Nathan Drake.
I will never understand your fascination with motion blur.  It's the enemy of clarity, especially at high framerates, and intended solely to disguise how choppy games look at 30 fps.
Ray tracing?
No ray-tracing in fidelity mode? ND should go on a fieldtrip to Insomniac Games.
Very impressive
So PS4 Pro is 1440/30 but PS5, not even 4k 60, is 4k 30. And frame drops at just 1080p even at 120fps. Seems like the PS5 is underperforming.
I can't wait for the PC version. It will destroy the PS5. The PS5 was announced as 8K and it can barely do 1080p on a last gen game 😆
How does PS5 still not have VRR? I’m assuming it never will.
I hope ND isn't done with Uncharted.     Make his daughter the star of the next one and make Nathan the new "Sully" if you have to.
Thank you sir you just confirmed I will be waiting for the PC version
it is incredible how good these games look, love the Uncharted series.  Great job with the review John
Now we can play in modern resolution mode, soap opera mode and even super soap opera mode in retro 2010 resolution. Welcome to the next gen!
As someone who generally is fine with motion blur, I felt that the Uncharted 4 blur just looked awful, so I always had it low. Glad to see the blur in this game looks much more realistic.
Gamefly
Oh yeah ( whiping in the air ) ...  :))
I wish I could turn the motion blur off in A Plague Tale... it's so distracting but thankfully the game is at a much slower pace.
It's such a shame that this remastered game doesn't have "60fps + ray traced global illumination" option like in metro exodus or a quality mode with ray traced shadows separated than 4k resolution without RT mode like in dying light 2. These games make me appreciate 4A games for developing metro exodus with 60fps + RT on ps5
Smearing butter all over your screen does not make a game "cinematic" nor does it improve its animation. It's only there to hide the rendering flaws.
They had to go all the way down to 1440 for 60fps? Doesnt make any sense whatsoever.
Even though, the Performance+ mode  is not 100% locked to 120 fps, being able to play top quality games like these at 120 fps or close to it on a console is a massive achievement. Obviously, with a powerful enough setup on PC once it is relased, a locked 120 fps should be easily done, but it is still very nice to see that it is possible on PS5. When freesync/VRR support is going to be on PS5, the frame drops with the performance+ mode will be  very hard to notice.
Looks good but not worth the 10 bucks to upgrade considering most games get an update like this for free.
cant wait to play that on PC
Uncharted is one of the best series i have ever played, then came last of us and was blown away with that game too. However i do not think i can forgive them for what they did to Joel and the story of LOU2, the propaganda, brainwashing and fake reviews all showed me a side of a company i really did not like
The series peaked long ago with the second game.
Rule number 1 when starting any video game: set motion blur to 0
This game and halo infinite runs that bad and looks so much worse
Its funny this new generation consoles have been advertising 4k 120fps, when really every game that runs 4k is actually 30fps. 🥵🥵🥵
I regret buyin a ps5 :( my xbox series x has more tittles at 4k 60fps
Thank god for Xbox. Sony would prob have never updated these games if it wasn’t for competition. Gamers win!
I would love to know why almost all these PS5 upgrades cost £10. The only one I have seen free so far is Horizon ZD.
Fidelity mode needs to be renamed as "Cinematic Mode" as it plays more like a movie or television show.
The motion blur is less noticeable due to the higher frame rate. To "cure" that, you would need more samples but that would also have a profound impact on the game's performance.
Honestly these games didn't need a remaster they already looked amazing on PS4
When all the animations were designed for 30fps, they look worse when forced to run at higher frame rates. I hate how ratchet and clank feels on ps5 with 60 FPS
Absolutely love this game and the DLC is great as well but why shouldn't 4k60fps be possible? Feels like a cheap cash grab
awesome, perfect time to re-play the games along with the lost legacy entry, the only one i missed out on, the dual sense should make them feel extra fun to play
I played when the game released only first 3 chapters after that in 2021 I went back and got the platinum trophy the game still beautiful you cant tell if it is an old game for real I was impressed.
Come on Naught Dawg, patch in that 40FPS target for Fidelity HDMI 2.1
Grat stuff as always, hoping they do a good job on the Pc version as well
Uncharted 4 was trash. Story sucked and mp sucked
Hope sony adds vrr support in ps5 soon
Please do a video on texture streaming issues of backward compatible games on PS5. Shadow of the colossus is an example that is really really glaring.
Damn shame Sony is charging for this enhancement.
I turn off all motion blur. Cleanest image possible 😁
I'd never touched Uncharted until this past month. I've spent January going through the first three games and I'm almost done with UC3.   It's super interesting seeing the genesis and evolution of ND's techniques that came to fruition in The Last of Us. I think TLOU is a much better series of games, but Uncharted 2 in particular absolutely blew me away. The leap from UC1 to 2 was stunning (less so from UC2 to 3). I can't believe a game that good is 13 years old at this point.  I'm very excited to get into UC4 and Lost Legacy.
And to think people actually expected PS5 AAA titles to run at 4K 60fps at default. Some even thought there will be 8K60 games. Don't get me wrong, I love the PS5 but some people's expectations were hilariously high.
🤣 f off sony. As soon as i saw it cant  even do 4k 60 im off the video! What an embarrassment
Underwhelming upgrade in my opinion. Game overall still looks good tho
Wtf so no 4k 60fps, god of war and spiderman made that happen but naughty dog can't do it. Wtf
Damage control for Activision Blizzard joined x box srudios
DF's motion blur goes to 11.
Can’t wait to play it on Friday
That headshot at 5:15 was cleeeeaaaan 👌🏽
PS5 = PC Version
Ps5 just needs VRR support already…
Why the ps5 can't handle 4k 60 fps in a ps4 game?
Great analysis
Motion blur should always be set to 0 Along with film grain, and chromatic aberration
How are the pre-rendered transitions handled? Real time now (depending on fps) or still 30 fps?
Ps5 owners lapping this up as something to be excited about, whilst im here essentially playing these same games on a PS4 I found for £100
All in all I still believe this should have been totally free. I already paid for my ps5 and the duelsense... why do i need to pay again to actually enjoy those features of the ps5? Fast loading, haptic feedback, better res and fps should all be a given not something I need to pay for cause I already paid for it. You buy a new GPU for your PC, are you paying Nvidia to change the resolution setting in your games? No.  If Naughty dog added texture pack, ray tracing, new mode and what not then ok I can understand paying but as it is right now, this is just the game playing on a more powerful console which has a new controller and 3d audio.
Hyped. Hopefully we get Uncharted 5 one of these days
Who cares 120 fps ?. Its all about marketing , and commercial ;]😁😒😂
Can I get 60fps with the original PS4 game running on the PS5 ?
Would have been nice to see a 4K 40fps mode if possible. Loved it in Ratchet and Clank.
Future VRR update and supported panel will definitely hide those frame drops in 120
Keep preaching that 40 fps mode. Would love to see that in more games.
Uncharted 4 still one of the best games I have ever played
I always turn my motion blur off in my games is it better to leave it on???
sorry for the caps but..  WHERE IS THE 40 FPS MODE FOR THOSE OF US WITH 120HZ TV'S LIKE RIFT APART HAD.
"One of those heathens who can't stand motion blur, and I know who you are"  cough cough Linus Sebastian
This really brings me back because one of the first videos I watched from Digital Foundry was a video about Uncharted 2 performance. It's like I've come full circle again.
Glad to see 120FPS modes in more console games.  I wish more games would start supporting gyro aiming with flick stick (when aiming down sights) as well. That would also essentially end the whining over cross-platform multiplayer.
Increasing the resolution seems to have a larger impact on performance than normal in this game. Curious to see how it scales on PC as a result
Can't wait to play this in  PC 4k maxed with HDR in an  Oled TV.
Oh look it's another sony game....wait!!!                               It's just an upgrade nothing to see here ladies and gents!
I see three of them...pick the one In the middle!
Actually I wanted point out that most game do play smoother at 120hz,  but visually don't look as good as 30 fps - due to the fact that today's animation is still not good enough to simulate real detailed motions with such a graphical fidelity,   there isn't enough animated details to fill in between the frames,  things will look more faked at 60hz or 120hz in compared to 30 fps...  for game to reach a real cinematic quality and feel visually realistic,  30fps is helping to hide a lot of flaws of today's animations -  I always feel that a lot of games look better at 30hz and wonder why and I figured that the reason is animation and simulation is not catching up with today's rendering tech...    don't get me wrong ,  games sure play smoother at higher frames,  I'm just saying about the visuals.
Bloodbourne Remaster please, Sony
disappointing that there's no golden abyss. not the best game ever, but I hate to see it forgotten by history like this.
I hope they also include Dualsense haptics and adaptive trigger support for the PC port of the game.
Is the motion blur implementation here in the 60FPS mode better than the motion blur quality we received in TLOU Part II 60FPS patch?
Is this going to be a free update if you already have it? They could have just implemented 60 fps and I'd be happy
When is Sony FINALLY going to release the VRR we were promised at launch? It's been 14 Months, and ALL games that are released in the meantime suffer, potentially forever as it's likely developers will have to add VRR support manually, or might not be able to pull it of with reasonable effort.
Heathens who disable motion blur, with me!
Blatant cashgrab tho. These games were already 1800p, a 60fps patch would have been just fine here and I'm definitely not paying for it again
The PC version is the real deal. That will enable the FIDELITY mode at 60+ FPS :) I personally cannot wait
This is such a cash grab. If it was a free upgrade for just the 60 FPS part and everything else costed $10, I'd be fine because the differences are so tiny in a game like this that its not worth it.
I wasn’t gonna bother picking this up. Just watching this made me order it.
Can I use my PS4 game with the ps5 and get the new performance modes ? Or do I have to buy the native ps5 version again 🙈 ?
Uncharted and Drake tries too hard to be funny. I just can’t get into the series unfortunately
The Performance+ model targets 120fps but it sounds like dropping 10% from 120 to 108 is not as bad as a 10% drop in a 30fps game down to 27fps.   Even though it's a 10% drop in both modes, the 120 is running is 4 times faster so it's less perceptible?  Is that what that means?
10:35 That's all of us, John, No body likes Motion Blur except the DF staff, Don't try to make seem like there's only a small hand full of people that don't like it 😂
Lmao, this remaster is such a SCAM, enjoy wasting your money people.  If anything it will most likely be free on PS Plus in a year.
I bought a ps4 having an xbox series x and always had xbox, my series x is gathering dust with uncharted, last of us and days gone being the best games I've ever played.
Oh wow, 120fps@1080p is amazing. If you think about it, that's 4x the PS4 Base version
I'm envious of those who get to experience these games for the first time.
Tbh though I didn’t see any difference but frame rate 😂🤣
I'm glad the new hardware pulls off a locked 60fps. I was disappointed with how this game played on PS4 pro. That console in general struggled to maintain a locked 30fps.
4k 60fps on ps5 should have been doable for a game that is relatively old at this point...
After watching this video it shows how strong uncharted 4 was on PS4
These games look and play great on my PS5 as they stand -these remasters doesn’t quite feel essential - to me at least.
I'm still not paying $50 for it
Finally... Took Sony 2 years to add 120fps to their own first party games smh
Can't wait to play this on my PC!
4k looks sooo good. If only it were 60fps.
they still haven't fixed the shadows resolution in sunny areas . Otherwise the game looks perfect
end motion blur! Kill it.
Great review, VRR would help a lot to performance+ MODE, I hope such update would be released on Friday with the collection
Really would've liked to see these games get free updates for PS5 instead of a re-release, but that's the Sony way. 😟
Nice, sub 3 second loading time! 👌
So what does this potentially say about the PC port?
Still an amazing series to this day. Wish they would make a PS5 specific version of Uncharted.
DRS would be great for locked fps targets. But an unlocked fps with static resolution targets would be perfect for those of us with variable refresh displays...if only Sony would add support for the tech. Even an Insomniac style 40 fps mode to get a locked 4k at >30fps would be huge. 30fps is just awful and should be a thing of the past.
Why is no 60 4k ????it should be easy to do on ps 5
Like gow, amazing game visually speaking after many years 😍
Can’t wait to play this on my PC! This definitely looks like it’ll make my 3090 overheat. Definitely this generation of games is last gen graphics but higher frame rate.
I love Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart at 40fps, the motion at that 120hz mode feels great. I really hope more games could embrace that feature.
nothing different
Motion blur and DoF are capital offenses against humanity.
Uncharted 5: She will be the new Lara Croft.
Actually really glad they dropped down the motion blur. I found Uncharted 4 and TLOU2 genuinely nauseating at times because of it for some reason
Yikes, motion blur off with it 😬
17:20 Is the fire animation locked at 30 FPS...?
These games look great but really they just doubled the framerate of the PS4 pro version, the competition have been doing this for free
Nobody likes motion blur but John.
120 hz is useless and generally not worth the trade off. 120hz with motion blur causes motion sickness from my experience. 4K 40FPS would have been nice.
Was literally thinking if they were going to release this anytime soon
Sony needs to stop removing multiplayer from their remasters.
I prefer 4k at 144 Hz on PC with my RTX 3090 😅 or native 8k at 60 fps with the upcoming 4090
I turn off motion blur 🙃
Jon, stop being awkward and putting comparison clips on the wrong sides.
I'm not gonna lie I'm a tad disappointed the PS5 can't run it at native 4k 60 fps but uh well.
As tempted as I am to get this for PS5, going to hold out for the PC version. Playing this at 4k/60+ fps is going to be amazing.
Ps5 can't run one game at 4k 60fps. Very disappointing.
I just started the Unchaeted series for the first time. Finished the first game last week and started on Uncharted 2 a few days ago. Enjoying it so far. If I enjoy this one and Uncharted 3, then I will upgrade Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy to the PS5 version when it comes time for me to play those entries.
It's actually a bit disappointing. No 4K60 on a PS4 game with only minor visual improvements? No ray tracing? I mean, look at Spider-Man remastered...
Time to revisit these jewels.
I played R&C in that 40fps mode on my LG CX and it was nice! I got my eye candy and smoothness too. Loved it, hope more game support it.
Can't wait to see how good the PC port will be.
It's definitely region mismatch. Sucks that I have both of these games from different regions and I won't be able to transfer save data easily. I have platinum for both
I still don't think it's worth $10, looks fantastic, don't get me wrong but ND should've added more to this package especially since this is a 6 year old game!
Performance mode seems like the go 2 for me. I hope they changed the trophies and not allow u to use auto lock on hardest difficulty
I prefer a consistent resolution, I dont want to jump up and down between GREAT and WORSE.
did they unlock the fps in the older games or are they holding that for $?
40 fps is not the „perfect mid point“ between 30 and 60 fps in „frame rate perception“ as stated several times. In fact, the perfect mid point is 42.4 fps, which is sqrt(30 x 60). The same calculation based on frame times gives the same result (23.5 ms = sqrt(16.7 ms x 33.3 ms)). The „proof“: According to this calculation (so called geometric mean), the perfect mid point of 30 fps and 120 fps is 60 fps, which is the answer everybody would give (60 = sqrt(30 x 120)). Please DF, consider this when talking in future about 40 fps. They are in fact closer to 30 fps than to 60 fps.
Honestly this has more changes than I thought considering the trailers we got. Can’t wait to play this!
What's up with the PS4 footage looking washed out?
Oh man, how I miss the Uncharted series.. I really hope they'll pick it up again and continue with part 5 etc..
His love of motion blur would upset Dunkey.
Great video as ever, top quality work, really appreciate all your hard work that goes into these videos.
Naughty dog is just ahead of there time. Reason like this is why I’m gonna stick with PlayStation however I really wanna play the pc versions
8k mode when tho
Is this on one disc or two?
9:30 you can also see that PS4 has much fewer samples for motion blur
Naughty Dog is on another level graphically. This game still looks better than pretty much every single next gen game. I'm sure whatever they release next will raise the bar again.
Thank you for making it clear this is a total cashgrab rip-off. Essentially the  majority of improvements are due to the extra power of PS5, having nothing to do with ND improving things. All they did was give us 60fps and dualsense feedback. The load times, lack of pop-in etc are due to how much more powerful PS5 is and how much better its data transfer is. Extending LOD is not something that requires any effort either. This upgrade is something the PC platform as well as Xbox would give to the fans as a free upgrade, in fact they have already delivered this type of upgrade multiple times free to their games. ND made zero effort to improve the actual texture/asset resolution, added no additional content etc. They even removed multiplayer!  Then we have Sucker Punch, they first gave Ghost of Tsushima a FREE update for 60fps, then FREE multiplayer add-on. After both of those FREE contributions to the fans they announce a Director's Cut, which includes a WHOLE NEW ISLAND OF CONTENT.   Seriously, this is the biggest rip-off I've ever seen Sony attempt.
One of the best things about this new gen for me, is the MASSIVELY reduced loading times... I've hated long load times since they were introduced during the 32-bit disc based era... Since then, half minute, to minute long load times have been the unfortunate norm. Still remember how laughable it was in the Gran Turismo liscence tests. You would wait 35 to 45 seconds, to do a 15 second driving test!    Now, after 25 years of waiting, we're finally getting back to only needing wait a few seconds. Nice!
Love the improved LOD! Now that we get 60 and even 120fps in most games, longer draw distance and less LOD pop is the biggest next gen feature after fast load times IMO.  It's a shame they couldn't deliver dynamic 4K60 and dynamic 1440p120 though. But the lame $10 upgrade price and no multiplayer is yet another anticonsumer move from Sony.  Xbox is just much better value at this point.
The PS5 really needs VRR.
What an awful paid upgrade.
Even tho the multiplayer was shit they still should of included it. L
Can't wait to play these in 120hz
Can't wait to play Crash with Elena at 120fps!
God, I hate motionblur. My plasma TV doesn't need it. Maybe its different for LED or OLED
Motion blur sucks, John.  - Heathen
Yeah, wasnt sure if i should go out and buy this to replay for the whoknows which time, seeing it again im gonna get it.. now just to decide do i wanna replay on ps5 or pc.. any news on the ps5 controller, any special features with this collection? (Edit: so there are some cintroller features 👍)
That’s why I bought ps4pro2…. Oh stop… I bought ps5…. For x2 framerate????? Oh God, i m fucked up, or is it Sony who fcd up?
3 modes? Like wth
Yes i been waiting for this!
$50 for a fps boost... this should be free, i hate when they try to cash-in on games multiple times, and people just pay for it like sheep
power of ps5, 4k 30fps ☹
U4 still a gorgeous game to look at
You know that this is basically what ps5 can do, they are charging just for the patch. Basically charging players to pay for already owned games. No it's not even worth 10dollar upgrade price. If you play on pc you'll know. Also did anyone notice they have removed uncharted 4 from the store?!
I can imagine 120 FPS being quite good. However, we need to remember that for many people, especially TV's with this functionality are super expensive. And there aren't many console gamers who want to play on a PC monitor. As someone with a 43" 4K TV, I love playing games at 60 FPS. I might make the jump one day, but I foresee 120 FPS being niche for quite a while yet on the console market, especially for many console gamers who prefer visuals to high frame rates.
looks like at 120fps motion blur is just TAA
How is PS5 unable to hit 60fps at 4k? It’s a PS4 game.
Great video but PLEASE talk more about HDR again.
It might be disappointing to some that this isn't a massive upgrade beyond framerate and resolution, but given that it's only a $10 upgrade if you already have the games, I'd still say it's worthwhile. Though at full price... Maybe not.
Why no checkerboarding? 🤔
We have 2022 and they still offer a 30fps lock? Jesus....
i can't imagine the amount of work its gonna take to make Lost Legacy 2 on PS5 ..  those ps4 games still look great!
As much as I love these games I'm disappointed they didn't include the multiplayer. It would of been a nice addition and the boost in resolution would of been great too.
Thank you
2022 Sony needs to do better.
Do you need to own particular versions of the games to make use of the 10€/$ upgrade..?
Unas cuantas mejoras que otros ya ofrecen gratis a precio premium. Supongo que Sony hará lo que sea para hacer que sus clientes pagan por una simple mejoras de juegos que ya tienen o que suelen rondar los 10 dólares...   Lmao
REMASTER STATION 5
What's up brother I'm the first one who figured out you know why I feel Spencer is buying Activision not also for call of duty it's because he's going to make the people who make call of duty work on Halo to make the gameplay of call of duty and Halo I said it first I get credit remember
Not having 4k60FPS is just laziness. I love ND, but this is too sad to witness.
Other games have updated to 4K or 60fps with patches that were free.  This is minimum 10 dollars and removes the entire multiplayer.  Doesn't feel very good.
too bad they couldn't implement ray-traced reflections :(
No sign of Golden Abyss though. Grab a Vita copy whenever you can, before they get prohibitively expensive.
I'm surprised the performance mode  isn't 4k or at least close to 4k
The Upgrade is 10€ for both games or is it 10€ each ?
Haha someone is SPOILED with PS5 fast loads already eh?  And yeah about the 40fps in 120Hz mode and talking about bottlenecks... in a PS4/PRO reprogrammed conversion for PS5 via a patch that probably took a year or less and includes more than ONE entire game?  Come on!  For all of the Uncharted games on PS5 to run ultra optimized on PS5 it would take more than a year... it seems like a herculean task to fully reprogram and take full advantage of everything the PS5 could offer even as a port or take a team of probably heavily seasoned PS5 programmers analyzing every single possibility of performance advantages...  Having been amazingly impressed with the PS3 originals and PS4 sequels and ports... yeah this IS a must buy for the work they did... yeah maybe it could have been better like for me would be updating thr gameplay of the first three Uncharted games to U4 levels but hah... as well as A.I. and enemy complexity...etc.
This should of being free to PS4 owners….
This should have been a free download for owners of the ps4 version.
This is why im happy i started to just stay a generation behind and reap the full benefits down the line.
Sony TVs (my own 2020 Bravia model included) just got the VRR update a couple weeks ago, which heavily suggests the PS5 will finally be getting the firmware update including VRR. I guess it won't be in time for me to play Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy with VRR enabled, but I'm still glad that the version is as stable as it is. I just hope that VRR comes in time for Elden Ring. That game seems to run much more unstable and would benefit much more from VRR.
Look like it's worth the $10 upgrade or $50 for that PS5 😲 All these people talking about buying these sequels on the PS4 and pass on the PS5. Idk what you doing?! 🤦🏾‍♂️ Ya better get that PS5 version!
Definitely worth the $10 upgrade
no point of having a 120 fps game if my 4k samsung is only 60hz right?
still waiting for the true next gen game on series x and ps5
Gamers that turn off Motion Blur know exactly how their game should look.
ummmmm........so.........how about the multiplayer ?
are you doing a pc review at all ?
Pc port on ps5
It’s crazy that nearly six years later, I can’t honestly say that I’ve seen a game that has graphically blown me away like Uncharted 4 did. Naughty Dog is truly the  top of their class.
20:32 Jesus Christ - this scene is still breathtaking.
Listen motion blur sucks on every single game turn that shit off
Death to motion blur. DEATH!
Just got myself a PS5 last week 🙂
What about xbox version?
Motion blur sucks, dude.
Xbox: COD will be on game pass  Sony: Hey want to pay for a game you have already bought a few years ago?
The loading improvement is really impressive
This will be soooo good on PC if they manage to release a decent port
we need to make 4K 40FPS on 120hz a thing. It's Infinitely better than 30 for those of us who like crisp 4k quality. Great review!
This looks better than most games even still
This guy loves motion blur more than most people love their moms.
Imagine if the PS5 had 1440p. Sony needs to step up.
You are one of the only people to complain about lack of motion blur at 120hz. The whole point of high refresh is to eliminate motion blur, smearing, and low responsiveness. Heck many monitors even come with features to completely stop motion blur inherent from pixels staying on too long when transitioning. I get that motion blur can make it feel a bit smoother, and 'cinematic' but that is almost like saying 24 fps is better because it feels like a movie. Low fps and motion blur is great, but with high fps most don't want it
Funny that you could play crash in here which is a microsoft game..
I remember when uncharted four came out if you bought the deluxe edition of it came with the season pass for all three DLC chapters that were planned
I'm tempted to buy the physical edition this friday since day 1 releases are often at a discount where I live.
Very cool. I'll probably wait for the pc release before I replay these games though. I wonder how they'll handle ultrawide monitors.
SONY GET VRR OUT, WHAT IS YOUR ISSUE ON THIS ON PS5 AND YOUR TV'S
Crazy milking with these remasters and only 1440p at 60fps. The PS5 isn't powerful enough to offer you at least 1800p resolution like the Halo Infinite's campaign.
All I'll say is that the ps4 was incredible
Motion blur: Off Film grain: Off Chromatic aberration: Off vignette: Off
PS3: Uncharted 1-3: inconsistent 30 fps jank PS4: Uncharted 1-3: smooth locked 60 fps PS4/Pro: Uncharted 4: inconsistent 30 fps jank PS5: Uncharted 4: smooth locked 60 fps, somewhat inconsistent 120 fps (but it's no longer jank at 100+ fps)  I'm seeing a trend here.
NOW IMAGINE BLOODBORNE 😭😭
Am I the only one who thinks the game looks sped-up somehow? Like everything feels like it's twice as fast instead of being smoother.
Enable VRR Sony FFS!
Superior to anything on Xbox or Microsoft made. I really wish miscrosoft can make games like this
I'd PC didn't intervene Uncharacter franchise would still be drowning in Post FX of Depth of field and motion blur hindering the beautiful environmental landscape..
Since when exactly PS5 supports 1440P ???   not sure to understand this performance mode at 1440P/60FPS if the console itself cannot support this resolution.  Someone can help me ?
Still wish this game ran 4K 60fps but I’ll take native 1440p with 60fps any day
Uncharted 4 is a masterpiece.
How do you get the upgrade? Ps store only shows the full version for 50 bucks
thx John for mentioning audio and Dualsense features. I hate it when reviews don't mention these aspects that I think also play a big role in the gameplay experience.
The Uncharted series are some of the best games I've ever played. Really looking forward to playing 4 and Lost Legacy again. Will be a day 1 purchase for me when it releases on pc. Really hoping that the Nathan Drake Collection also makes it way to pc and ps5.
Cool that the PC version development pays dividends for the PS5 version too. Just as a shame they did not start with the Trilogy there. What were they thinking?!
A PS4 game running at 30fps on PS5 is unacceptable
PS5 needs VRR. My series X with VRR is smooth as butter.
Would be nice with VRR, but until Sony fixes their TV's that's not gonna happen.
lol.. so instead of ND giving a ps5 upgrade patch, they want players to buy the game again??
/ A good ps5 port means a good PC port,cant wait for the pc version, les goooooo 🔥/
i had always dreamed of playing this on pc and its finally happening soon
man these games really hold up even on ps4, great looking stuff!
Unless its an online FPS like Siege you dont need 120fps.... 60 fps is more then enough for a smooth gameplay experience.
Mad respect for John pointing out that most of the audience would prefer the new motion blur implementation in the 30fps mode
Nice review. Give us VRR Sony!
PC when?
But... Multiplayer??😢😭
Kinda disappointed that 4K mode are only 30 fps, especially when they put a price for this upgrade
I feel like we take the amazing work you guys do for granted sometimes. Great video as always!
the same as the last of us 2 free update but now you have to pay.
oh god its already been 6 years since uncharted 4? that's pain
Ill wait for the next ps6 remaster
Having played these games on a PS4 Pro, I'm most happy the console won't sound like a Jet engine while playing on PS5.
Raytracing should have been added
I really hope they add spatial sound support to the pc version. 7.1 just sounds flat compared to Atmos. They probably won't though.
Performance mode is definitely what I'm going to choose, looks and plays amazing.
Loved them on my previous PS4 slim... But i don't see myself spending money to replay them. Oh well, looks great 👍
Motion blur  always OFF
4.29  when all three are on screen 30fps looks terrible stuttery mess 60fps is bare minimum for me
Know what would look even better? NO motion blur!
Should be free. Not worth it
Sony should've given PS5 owners the update for free. It's stupid that we have to pay money just for better graphics. Not even new content.
One of my characters (Chloe)
The Title is not properly optimized for PS5 and still is somewhat limited by BC Container. There is simply no way that Uncharted 4 cannot run at 4k/60fps on PS5 if ported correctly... also the whole absxence of any further improvement besides res bump is proof of that.
Microsoft will be buying this soon
Xbox comparison when? 🤔
More remasters😫
9:10 great goof, got a chuckle out of me
"Handsome game" - John  Nice
This video does a great job of showcasing the differences. Excellent work.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn. I  forgot all about that lie Sony told us. Lol
This game already looked gorgeous on PlayStation 4. Can't wait to see the PC version!
The fact they charge this compared to the free Gears 5 upgrade is kinda funny.
Am going to play 4k 30 like a chump 🤣
This is also the first Naughty Dog game in 7 years to have great boxart. Especially The Last of Us 2 had horrible coverart.
Wake me when ps5 has VRR
they literally coulda patched this for free
I knew this game was gonna be only 1440p 60, it can easily go above it I'm sure, but this lazy bastards just met the homework and are done with it, they don't go above and beyond anymore, this doesn't deserve my money, come on, 4k 30? That's almost the par pro for fucks sake, don't be stupid guys, don't pay 50 dollars for this piece of unmet potential and half assed work.
sony fans get charged $10 for a game they already have and they are happy to pay ...
ND TLOU3 is gonna look awesome
This is a good game but this collection is over priced
These games over 5 years old and even on PS4 still look vastly superior to countless more recent games.   When it was announced they'd get a new release on PS5, I was like "uh... why?  Just patch them but eh whatever". Only costs £10 to upgrade. Given how many hours I've put into these games and loved the heck out of them, handing over another £10 is nothing to me. :D  Plus after actually watching the video I'm really liking those enhancements.  And that hugely improved loading time when nipping in and out of chapters. :O
This release would’ve been fine if they also included a 60fps update for free for people who already currently own U4. I think $60 is a good deal for both games if you have never played them before, but charging $60 for feature that could have easily been added in an update definitely stings as someone who’s already played both U:4 and U:LL. Idk if I’m gonna pick this one up. I kinda wish they did what Sucker Punch did with Ghost of Tsushima, where they gave everyone a free 4k60fps update, but then re-released the Directors Cut which included the dlc, some extra features like advanced haptics, and 3D audio. But if you didn’t care about those extras, then you didn’t need to buy it, you could still enjoy the base game at 60fps. And if you did want to upgrade, the cost was adjusted if you already had the game.
Is 120hz really worth it for non competitive games?
Excellent analysis, as always. Thank you.
I feel like this upgraded isnt worth $60 if you already own the game.
I don't think I like motion blur
You have to pay for this upgrade? lol 😂 sony taking their players money again.
Fidelity mode is like a slide show compared to performance +.
$10 for an upgrade for anyone who owns either uncharted 4 or lost legacy! :)
This is not a new price tag worthy upgrade. Should have been a free patch. Sony and their anti-consumer behavior at the best.
Glad PS is moving towards more 120 FPS games. Hopefully they can add this mode across all the 1st party games.
9:13 More of this please lol
6 years later you could release it today and it would be among the best looking games of the year. Naughty Gods.
What a disappointment of a remaster it looks exactly the same on ps5 as it did on ps4 pro the graphical settings and textures are exactly the same the only difference is the framerate boost and sony are charging for this and robbing everyone
Only care about PC versions. Don't give a shit about consoles.
10€ upgrade for higher settings, nice!
No way... they sold the same game without Major upgrades and 1440p for 60 FPS 😂😂😂😂😂😂 this shit ist just the FPS Mode of Xbox Series X/S. the thing is you have to pay for it on Playstation 😭🤣 even at 1080p 120fps it struggles 18:01
I wasn't going to buy the upgrade but now you have gotten me in the mood to replay. Thanks DF 😒🤣
PS5 too week for 4k 60fps in fidelity mode((
Looks better than 99% of 2021 games.
I played all of the Uncharted games, they're amazing. Now I can't wait to play it on PC when it's released and if someone doesn't mod in Lara Croft it would be a literal crime
Rofl, the only heathens are those that like motion blur. Great video otherwise!
Yes
Basically not worth the double dip if you played the shit out of it the first time around but great for anyone that missed out.
Can't wait to play this on PC.  Rented a PS4 just to play Nathan Drake Collection but aiming with a controller was annoying AF. (still finished it though) I just hope NDC also comes to PC cause I wanna play it with M/KM.
Such a shame that we have to pay for a 60fps/120fps upgrade though. I really do wish we got just a basic 60fps patch for the base games.
Still don’t think Sony should be charging for this tbh.
Not even true 4k,  no relevant graphical upgrades, and 3 framerate modes. The fact that they charge for this is mindblowing
Uncharted 4 is such a breathtaking experience. Even though not as replaybale as naughty dogs last of us
Naughtydog is fucking crazy
How many people has Nathan Drake killed, roughly?  1000?
Motion Blur is trash!!  🤣🤣🤣
Most people will choose 1440p 60 fps.
Remember when that pervert forced out Amy Hennig and took her place because she didn’t give the “ correct answer that he and  press wanted for their narrative.
I'm in all honesty quite disappointed in this collection , the visual upgrades are so minute , though to be fair this was known since the collection got teased. I wish they had a ray-tracing mode or just more visual upgrades than "the contrast was raised a bit". Also no multiplayer? Why?
I'm playing the MP mode even today
It's crazy how good these games still look. ND's first PS5 game will be something to behold graphically.
Hope it's worth it.
It's crazy how this game doesnt run at native 4k 60fps on PS5 knowing that this was originally made for a machine that was 1.84teraflops
Did that Idiot seriously ask for more Motion Blur?
Have this preordered I enjoyed my romp with both of these uncharted games back on ps4
What about the trophy list? Is it seperate?
30fps in 4k ? xD
Game could handle 4k 60 easy naughty aint so good on that end
I'm gonna wait until they drop this on ps plus
1440p blah
this is why i love digital foundry team 00:41
This makes me happyyyyyy, high FPS really changes a games feel and is way more fun as long as it is stable performance
Absolutely beautiful 😍, I'm still shocked on how good it looks as a ps4 title you could tell someone it's a new ps5 game and they will believe it
Where's Pokémon Legends technical review?
This is such a rip off, why not just update it like other games would
How many times will John say "by and large" and "comparable"? 😄
666 views 😎👍
Can't wait for the PC version Would be my first uncharted game outside of emulation
I’m really excited to play these games at 60 and 120 fps
Nice
This one is early!
Lets see how many times they say "BESPOKE"
Wii U is the best Nintendo home console ever.
Omg lol I literally just looked to see if yall posted this yet. Haha perfect timing
second
Resetera: DF has ruined gaming for me.  Alex: Good
Here we go again.
I am excited for pc release
Can't wait to get this on PC
Top.
