4:23 If you punch a hole in the ceiling, the one up comes down early.
Can't believe you didn't mention the challenge game mode in Deluxe. Trying to get gold medal in all of them will leave you hairless.
Uh... Yoshi coins in Super Mario World...
Mario is the gateway drug into video games. Mario is weed.
In my opinion, it should be like the first level is the hardest shit possible, and it gets easier, and final boss is as easy if not easier than 1-1, I'd like to see that honestly
Thank you, I now know what not to do, so that I can avoid infamous lawsuits.
As a father of a 6yo kid, no, they have not solved it entirely, but they are in the right path.
Hi, can you make an analysis of DK Bananza game difficulty using this method please?
They need two tiers of Mario games.   Certain ones for vets that grew up with mario, and different games for kids who aren't good yet.
i like this dynamic range of difficulty in games. adding a difficulty setting just seems lazy. i would rather the optional difficult levels just be a part of the base game. feels more natural. theres always that one star level where you're like nah i dont feel like torturing myself with that today.. and you're free to do something else.
Why u got 3 n64 games?
80-90 kid's would HATE luigi's assist or a free tanuki suit. That said, the way to replay levels is also refreshing thanks to the mid-game "easy or hard path" you can seamlessly juggle through.
WORTH IT.🎉😂❤ I'd give a whole heckin lot for art from you. Your art is crazy good!
I wish new super mario bros appeared more often i love that game
When I wasn't at 100% for Mario wonder standees were the last thing I needed so I just died until I got 0 lives and kept grinding the coins galore level for the rest of the standees
You sure do repeat yourself.
sorry, it's just really hard to listen to someone say "Merio" over and over again...
I like Ur videos. Know that. 💖
I thought it was weird that you didn't mention the Yoshi coins from Super Mario World as the first attempt at optional collectable coins
27:02 AI generated Mario levels coming to a bricked Nintendo Switch 2 near you
4:58 This doesn't prove as an effective method because the games hand out lives and power ups like candy. Seeing a 1 up come out of a block in Mario 1 is exciting. By Mario World it's routine to already have +25 plus lives by the end of the first world. Why would I risk dying for a one up when l already have a billion extra lives?   5:24 The last thing I want out of 2D mario is a completionist scavenger hunt. Star coins dont make the game harder, just more tedious. The philosophy in the quote is asinine.  5:55 They dont do what you say. They turn an easy level into an easy level but now there's an arbitrary location on the screen you have to touch every now and then. Why wouldnt you design the entire game around Mario's moveset and instead limit it to basically 3 screens a level? It's a platformer game, the platforming is the entire appeal of the game. It should be engaging and fun to just run and get to the end of the level.   8:58 This is extremely annoying. Just tack on some super hard levels at the very end. So lazy.   Why not just make a game that starts easy, and slowly and naturally gets harder as it goes along? And if you haven't developed the skill by the end, tough shit, keep playing and get better? What is wrong with this?
Great video! This mechanic was always present in the games, but I never thought they would actually dealing with the game difficulty! So clever!
I played the NES aged 6-10. There were lots of hard games. Mega man 2 was always my favourite even though I found it really hard. I don’t think games necessarily need to cater to the skill level of little kids for them to enjoy it. Just make the early stages easy and then ramp up the difficulty as you reach the mid and end game. Based on my own experience, kids don’t expect to be able to complete games easily, if at all. That’s what dads and older brothers are for.
I remember struggling on the Final Final Badge Marathon and it took me over 5 hours to beat. The videos made it look so easy, but it was really hard. I remember getting SO frustrated dying to the last part.
“Star coins” were actually introduced in Super Mario World. In that game, if you collect 5 Dragon Coins(we called them Yoshi Coins though) you’d get a 1up. In the GBA version it even tracks them like in the newer versions! I’d say that blue coins also served this purpose in Super Mario Sunshine, and I swear that the red coins in Super Mario 64 could have this tendency in some levels.
I really enjoyed this, keep it up!
This is just another reason why Nintendo Devs are simply the goats. I always find it so stupid when I boot up a game for the first time and it tells me to set the difficulty. I mean how tf am I supposed to know what setting to set if I haven't played the game yet? Def look forward to seeing such "seemingly transitioning difficulty pipes" being implemented into more games
Super Mario World is the most blatant game about adjusting the difficulty setting.  Onlly I never found out were the heck to get switches for extra platforms after the first blatant one and so I ended using Yoshi and then that flying Yoshi a lot to beat the game.
MAR E OH  NOT MARY OH   ffs
2:03 I got 2nd hand embarrassment from him being out of breath here. At first, I thought it was a joke, but he was out of breath after.
Excellent video, you got a subs
I think Star Coins began as Yoshi Coins in SMW
20:50 NNTENDO
Everytine you ask "how the fck they did that?" the answer is "they are japanese"
9:23 Star Road and Special Zone will always and forever be my favorite secret worlds in any game. I remember the first time I found them. When I was in high school, I upgraded from 3ds to a new 2ds xl just to get super mario world on the virtual console. And I didn't regret it one bit. It's still my favorite 2d platformer. The secrets absolutely peppering the levels, the movement, the cape power up, the first game to have yoshi. There's so many things to love about that game.
you said the same thing like 20 times
I can't believe this was even discovered.   It's an amazing concept and even more incredible execution as I, along with the majority, never caught on to it!
The repeating music was infuriating
The big downside of this system (at least as I see it) is that advanced mode is all about giving the players extra content. Easy mode, on the other hand, takes away content. And also punishes and/or shames the player for choosing it.
Iwata nailed it on that point about timing when to ask the player if they want to make the game easier. I find that FFXIV gets this very wrong as it will ask you after just a single failure on a quest if you want to lower the difficulty. It feels really bad to have the game seem like it's telling you that you were expected to succeed first try, and since you didn't that means you must be bad and should consider removing the challenge.
I was watching this video for 25 minutes thinking, “why has wonder only been given a sentence, it handled it so well”, glad to have been wrong at the end.
I love the subtle solutions. Not a big fan of "turn assist on" 😂
I remember I always used the Super Guide. I wasn't bad at the game, I just wanted to play as Luigi (during the Super Guide, you can stop the autopilot and take control of Luigi)
Speaking of quirky difficulty adjustments, you may want to check out Border Down. The amount of lives you have determines the difficulty. While at 0 life you will be thrown into the hardest stage route, but the game will also give you the mercy of reducing enemy fire rate temporarily. A much more extreme iteration of this Mario difficulty settings.
brother you did NOT need to play super mario maker for 3ds
Anyone who plays kids games that isn’t a kid needs to rethink their life is the real problem Nintendo is having
Maw-rio.
My brother and I used the golden tanooki and the p wing extensively in 3d land
I could be remembering wrong but if I recall Super Mario can just walk to the edge and crush the block right in front of that 1up in 1-2
Three minutes in and I gave up. Disliked also. Why can't you, you know.., stay on topic and not wonder off? You kept padding and padding for time. One example is when you were showing the Mario games you played.. then you brought in more.. and then more. Like seriously, stop padding and get to the point.
Super Mario galaxy 2 ?
4:29 just break the block next to it.
super mario 3d world has the best play-as-you-go difficulty due to the players decision to collect none, one, two, or three stars. in addition. the star world offers bonus levels for the hardcore skilled player, the last level is almost impossible to beat with all three stars
The 1up in Mario 1, just break the block next to it.
So every copy of Super Mario 64 is personalized?
Very cool
7:35 spoiler
Good video but i think this a very loose concept that can apply to literally any game that doesn't have difficulty selection. Want to make Megaman harder? just use the buster. Want to make Need for Speed harder? just use low performance vehicles. Want to make Dark Souls easier? Play as a mage. Want to make THPS harder? Don't upgrade stats. The list goes on and on. Games will always offer tools/powerups/upgrades to make the game easier but you can also make the game harder by ignoring them. This is not a new concept and is hardly exclusive to Mario games.
Super Mario world is the perfect Mario game
British people say "exactly the same" not "the exact same". What is wrong with you?
The Kirby series, especially modern entries, also do this masterfully.  (Not to mention more than half of the content in a modern Kirby game will be postgame, and ramp up in difficulty even faster)
I feel like some of the stuff you described in deluxe and the original Mario were things added in emulators by Nintendo  Maybe I just don't remember them.
12:18 - Never needing all the Shines is one hell of a stretch. Yeah, it's technically true you don't need all of them, but you cannot skip levels you don't like, because you still need the first seven shines from each major level. The only optional shines are bonus courses and blue coins.
Some of the Mario tennis games have difficulties: Hard, lawn & clay.    (I’m just kidding, I know those aren’t difficulties)
You could picture the pipe difficulty analogy as the clear pipes like from 3D World, each linked together with different connections throughout them
When I saw the heap of Mario games I thought "this is a lot" and then I thought about how many I played and suddenly it seems reasonable...
Why do his Super Mario Galaxy and New Super Mario Bros wii look like that in a plain and boring font mine do not look like that at all
That's not how things work. If you put a shiny I don't have an option I must collect it. I'm not choosing the difficulty, I have to obtain it.
Nintendo not publishing Super Mario Bros 2, except as an expansion in All Stars, probably made Nintendo billions more than they would otherwise. It shaped how Nintendo was going to approach the development of their games from then on, as they almost always are sequels or part of an existing franchise. Nintendo could have evolved into some weird Japanese company publishing in a weird Japanese way, just another console to come and go outside of Japan. But Nintendo of America turned into a money printing machine by demanding they always be accessible and always be something new and engaging or at least accessible fun. Nintendo may know games, but Nintendo of America had their finger on the pulse of the real world.
To me the obvious answer is, nintendo needs another ip. Not that they support their current ip's.
this video explain a lot why sekiro is the hardest fromsoftware game. The game has a very specific expectation of what mechanics the player should dominate to beat the game. The game starts at hard and reward you an easier time the more you understand about the game. You can never go to easy or normal, you either increase the difficult (optional bosses and specific tools) or stay where you are until you master the mechanics the game expect you to master. Its interesting that the game has some power upgrades but the most important upgrade is your understanding of its systems and where to use them. You dont have the wiggle room of elden ring or dark souls in which you can lvl up, build something to make your life easier, exploit weekness, nothing. You HAVE to tackle the challenge with what you have and any advantage will be on your knowledge and performance.
huh? the tanooki suit is its own power up in super mario 3.  its a tail but also you can turn to stone and nothing can hit you.  its not the p wing
25:58 literally never seen this level 😅
Hi, I loved your Flappy Bird tutorial and used it in my Game Design Class. I am looking for a Unity 3D game tutorial for beginners, can you recommend one of your tutorials?
your videos help me on designing my own games thanks for it.
This video is amazing and well thought out, but one thing was missing. In super mario Odyssey every broodal boss fight has an optional phase speed up. The main example being Hariet normally you would just run dodging, the small bomb waiting for her to throw the large ones, however if skilled enough you can hit her small bombs back instead. This greatly speeds up the fight, and would've been a perfect example of increased risk for a satisfying reward.
0:24 *ESPECIALLY* to someone who’s never played a video game before. One of my earliest memories with any gaming was playing the original Super Mario Brothers for the NES. it was quite a formative experience.
Imagin when video games are set on easy difficulty but instead they are the hardest i can only call out for any 2000s need for speed games where the cars are so fast they are literally teleporting through the track aka rubber banding
7:14 - Boy, Mark, do I have the game for you
I must've been _way_ super in my youth then, because on the SNES, I cleared — *_cleared completely_* — all 48 levels of Lost Levels in All-Stars; worlds 1-8, and A-D.  (It helps, too the game has save states, effectively. But I swear I did that in a single sitting once…)
that 15 second long mario song looping for 6 minutes was driving me insane
This is what you do.   You have to actually be a real game designer. You have to feel it out and create some sort of difficulty progression within the game itself.   You have to make something so that people can play it, learn from it, get better at it, then mater it.   While there are some rules you have to go by, mostly because the game world is fiction within itself, you the game designer have to just carefully craft the difficulty of the game.   Play the game yourself. Does it make sense? Does it make sense to someone else? Can you beat and master your own game?  Can you play and enjoy your own game and do others? Are you introducing mechanics gradually and teaching the player how to play the game within the game itself.   That's how you do it.
AHHHHH red hair reveal!!!
2:02 "Every single mainline entry in the Super Mario Bros. series–"  *_jan Misali wants to know your location_*
19:36 My GOD, this level gave me so much god damn trouble, and I like to think I am pretty decent at Mario. IT TOOK ME ABOUT AN HOUR TO GET IT!
The first thing i learnt is that this guy says mario different to anyone I've seen before and now I'm wondering if I've been saying it wrong my entire life. Is the "a" in mario a short or long vowel? I've always said it as a long one but I've just heard it said with a short a sound by someone who'd I'd assume wouod know what they are talking about on the matter. Could anyone help me out with this?
I love that nipple% is a separate category from speed running 😂
you forgot the 120 green stars in mario galaxy 2 that pushes you to use all your previous tricks and knowing every little secret in every level. all of this to unluck one of the hardest challenges in all mario´s history.
The only "problem" with the way Nintendo makes things easier is that's always available. Like even when you're playing those hard stages then even if you're an experienced player can be hard even then you're getting either things directly getting in your face or options you don't want to do, it can feel really annoying it constantly taunting you to use it. Obviously that's worth the benefits they give but just a little thing I found from playing a lot of Mario games
Invisible difficulty is a good way to look at life. You get a surprising amount of control over what you take on and whether you perceive reward and satisfaction with any of those voluntary challenges. No matter what difficulty, one way or another you make it to the other side.
This is ultimately how almost all games (that dont explicitly have difficulty settings) are designed. The problem I think nintendo has right now is it takes this mentality too far.  Mario Odyssey for example: To 100% the game, you must beat darker side of the moon, which is one long brutal challenge. It gives even gaming masters a big challenge and can be a barrier for people with the skill to even 100% mario 64 to the point they never 100% odyssey..  On the other hand, if you were to simply target beating the game. It requires only 124 power moons which is ~1/8 of the total moons in the game. It is an absurdly easy task such that anyone would have the ability to beat the game even without really trying.  It does skew the game to the people exceptionally good as well as the overly casual gamer, but for anyone in the middle, it doesnt seem to hold the same weight. Yes they can decide how much they want to do, but unless they go 100%, it doesnt feel satisfying. And beating the game period is so easy most wont find that satisfying either.  I think there is too much out there for games that caters to the extreme and the casual. If you look at Mario 64 for example, 100%ing the game does not require extreme levels of skill. But also beating the game does require enough skill in order to get enough stars (70 stars which is just over half, daunting if you have difficulty finding secret stars) to get to Bowser. This makes it satisfying to beat bowser normally as well as satisfying and attainable for the normal person to 100%.   If someone isnt good enough to beat the game, it should be a point that they need to improve. If someone is too good to beat a game like that without being challenged… go play something else man. Mario doesnt need to be meat boy or celeste levels of difficult.  Tldr: you should be able to choose your difficulty to a limit. If you suck too much, try to improve or go play another game. If you are too good, enjoy the game for what it is difficulty aside and play something else
This video has a 27:27 nipple% run
27:54 I thought it was a Zelda Key & an Angry Bird, lol.
24:45 Toolkit forgot to add an “i” in Nintendo here. 😱
The Miyamoto quote at 19:14 is why the assist blocks that pop up annoy me. I may have just died a bunch of times, but that doesn't mean I want help. I want to develop the skill to overcome the challenge on my own, and that often means losing a lot of 1ups.
5:45 There are Green Stars in Galaxy 1/2 btw.
"Do you need assistance with the level?"  I took that as disrespect and moved on up to red pipe.
I stopped playing mario Odyssey for simply being too easy
Fantastic video but the rapidly looping background music is really, really irritating... longer loop next time maybe?
So not really as advanced as the first real dynamic difficulty in crash bandicoot then
I had already done it when I was a kid, but I finished Yoshi Island yesterday, it's hard as hell to get perfect in all the stages. Now I'm facing an equally difficult challenge, get all the coins in all the levels in Mario 64, I've gotten it in some stages before, but never all of them
‘You never need all of the Stars, Shines or moons to finish a game’ Shows Mario Sunshine (You technically need them all, but y’all know what I’m talking about)
I would love for nintendo to design a hard game without worrying about making it easier for some players. Old games were pretty hard and people still played them. I know you can make games harder by imposing challenges for yourself but i want a hard game designed by them from beginning to the end (with maybe even harder optional challenges). I know this may not be as popular but i feel like something like that is missing from their library of 1st party games.
Does Crash Bandicoot use some of these ideas? I was more of a crash guy rather than a Mario one, so I got curious midway through the video  Excellent video btw
I find the music in the background so unengaging and the general style of the first few minutes just not very great. I can't describe why, but it's missing something. It feels like it isn't personal. For that reason I will not watch the rest of this video
Hi, cool video. The extra life at 4:25 can be gained if you break the brick to the right of it, if you are quick enough.
Star coins are an evolution of the Dragon Coins from SMW
In my opinion, the best optional difficulty method was Super Mario World. I played that game a ton as a kid and it blew my mind once I realized that there was an entirely different world hidden behind chaining secret exits From the regular zones to the star world to the special world. Unlocking all the levels there felt like such an accomplishment and gave me huge bragging rights on the playground.
Why'd you spoil Super Mario Odyssey bro 😭
>make Mario's jump 10% more efficient >reduce enemy's hurtbox by 25% Presto, easy mode implemented. Where can I collect my fat cheque
M-our-io
Great video! I find these ways of tweaking the difficulty for the player fascinating, and I wish other games used similar techniques, since I often stress myself trying to decide which difficulty setting to lock myself into when starting a new unfamiliar game.   I never thought much about it until now, but I appreciate the amount of thought the Mario devs put into designing the difficulty. Letting you place helper blocks in super Mario maker and having your friend assist you with the Wii U controller were especially clever.
Optional content, that's the easiest way to explain dynamic difficulty.
1:42 i think you mean 3 becuse i tought of smo you showed mario land 2 and luigi u was comented but ig that isn't mainline yeah
Nintendo is the king/queen of game design. They basically paved the way for what video games have become. I would argue the first Mario game and even Donkey Kong are some of the most important games to ever release as it created the most basic style of game progression. They also are always masterpieces. I can enjoy almost every Nintendo game no matter when it released.
this exactly is why i love dark souls so much as well, difficulty being dependent on playstyle is so indicative of good game design
I have to look up "mario nipple percent" now. Thanks for that. 😂😂
I can say I'm against these practices because it just trains the brain in pleasure and comfort.  There are a wide variety of consequences but the most direct one is that kids will be trained onto that, if they struggle, they should grab shortcuts.  It's really simple the decypher the psycology of this. Being that as soon as the player(kid) get's into an inconvenience and it's instantly offered a way to pay to make the inconvenience go away, they will take it.  Adapt to survive ia forgotten. Work hard to succeed is forgotten.
I'm curious about your pronunciation of Mario. You say it like the word marry, with a sharp A sound but I say it like Mark, with a rolling R sound... Why do you do that? It is more an American English way rather than your native ( I assume) English/British tongue.
Goal poal good rime
World 1 should be easy, world 8 should be difficult. That's my idea
Makes me think of zelda game difficulty curves, in a zelda game if you are good enough you can beat the game having done less quests and having less tools and hearts. So if any challenge is too hard, do the side content and you will be stronger and will have an easier time. Cause if you are good at the game you don't need all the extra power ups do you?
This explains a lot about why the Mario games have never worked for me... The availability of the difficult track tempts me far too much, and I feel a strong sense of dissatisfaction leaving those elements alone. This makes me push to try and get those tricks and figure out those techniques long before I have any of the foundational skills to let me do so. By level 1-4 or so, I'm probably about 4 hours into the play session, and I'm already frustrated beyond recovery, and I never finish the game.   Perhaps someday I'll force myself to take nothing but the "easy track" and see how I can do... I bet I'd still be challenged, and maybe I'd actually have more fun.
excellent exposé: more evidence that Miyamoto hates his players.
Great and insightfull video, as always!
You can just restrain yourself from collecting extra lives, coins and power ups when not necessary
Soon, Mario will be an idle game.
Huh, you know I never thought about it like that but I remember playing New Super Mario Bros with friends who actually owned the game, and thinking it was weird that there was a pipe on the first world that just brought you into a coin cave and let you skip some of the level, while you could also go up into the clouds and get a super star boost and have to jump large gaps
Rewarding the player in making the game easier isn't a "flaw from outdated older Mario games". It's actually a feature as the player considers he earned it. Zelda games are entirely based on the principle to make the game progressively easier in earning more life, better weapons and new abilities. That is called reverse difficulty and the ultimate feeling to grow invincible and able to go everywhere is incredibly satisfying.
9:33 those words weren’t used in the 90’s, They’re from the 80’s
Wait I’m 2 minutes in and I think I know what you’re going to say about “the player can adjust the difficulty themselves.” In Mario games.   Using SMW as an example on a first time playthrough of the game you’re likely to run into the yellow switch, which makes the game significantly easier.  And after you see all the yellow outlined blocks become solid yellow blocks then when you start seeing green outlines you get the impression there is a green switch as well.   And the game tells you that red dots on the map are levels with multiple exits. So In Yoshi’s island everything is pretty linear.  Donut plains the very first level is a red dot. But this information in red dots hasn’t been made clear yet. And the 2nd level is next to the green switch and a red dot. The player should very likely be aware of or at the least suspect multiple exists and branching paths at this point. They likely want to get the green switch, that’s for sure.   Which is going to get them to replay the level in search of the green switch. And when they get it will get them to replay donut plains 1 because of the end of that level, etc etc etc.  And as they continue they see all the switches make the game easier.   And that there are multiple exits. Most players playing the first time are just going to beat the game without grabbing all the exits but while getting every switch palace.   Then as they get better they may unlock more and more in the game.  After they’ve gotten everything in the game they may even start over and see how well they can do without getting the switch palaces. Then maybe how few levels are needed to beat the game. Then how fast can they beat the game, etc etc.
im sorry but the song at 4:11 is driving me crazy like why does it take until right before the 9 minute mark to start playing properly edit: what do you mean this also happens with the song at 11:12? why does one part of the song loop until 17:12? how does this happen??
5:12  Actually SMW did it first with dragon coins but star coins appeared more times and their first time appearing is in NSMBDS
13:09 Also to move to the higher/harder pipe, install a kaizo romhack.
It's Mario. Not Mehrio
Hernandez Edward Lewis William Walker Larry
Pronouncing "Mario" as "Mowrio" makes me unreasonably angry 😂
If you use the invincible tanooki suit after dying a few times on a level in Super Mario 3D Land, you won't be able to get all 5 stars on your save file. You have to restart your system when the gold block appears to keep your 'perfect' run
your story about Mario Bros 2 not being marketed in the US because of Nintendo America is completly false, try watching the video game historian before you start spouting stuff that clearly isn't true
I'm terrible at Mario games, but I never found the extra things difficult & the help absolutely insulting
I played only Oddyssey so far, but as I gave it to my kid, I'd like to notice, that assist mode gives more than only arrows showing where to go - more hp, hp regeneration, not-killing pit falls and probably some other stuff I didn't notice (still I had to take over to help a handful of times as the skill required to play stays the same, mistakes are just more forigiven). Not sure if this mode limits possibility to get every moon in game? Doesn't look like that.
There's a weird level of credulity here about the things Nintendo attempts to do to create dynamic difficulty. Some of the things they do are definitely effective, like strategic level selection, but the Super Guide is one of the clunkiest attempts at dynamic difficulty I've ever seen.
"Maario"
Mario control in Mario Sunshine is extreme. He bounces when landing on platforms or you need to be precise walking the cloth lines in the various levels.
Wrong. Your examples show not the difficulty level. They show how a game inspires players whit rewards to try and do hone skils.
Really interesting. My SO isn't a gamer at all, but I am so I've tried introducing her to more casual ones. I've let her play Super Mario Wonder, and she'll enjoy playing it for an hour or two. I've discovered while it's an easy game for me it's really challenging for someone who hasn't played games before.
5:20 I think the star coin concept started more with smw in the form of dragon coins right?
I would question what Nintendo designers said about Mario Bros Wonder. Super Mario Bros 3 was from the late 80s and gave the player plenty of choice in how they approach levels based on difficulty, its board game map even let players skip entire levels with the cloud power up, while the whistles gave skilled players access to later stages earlier.   I don’t think Wonder’s approach to level selection is actually an improvement over SMB3 in many ways - it’s more transparent about it but something has been lost from it.
brits say words wrong on purpose out of a misplaced sense of superiority
I love the stock footage of you faking playing badly like some IGN journalist.
6:10 are you high?? yoshi's island is one of the most difficult mario games ever made lmao
Why do you insist on doing that silly voice/accent?
why they don't do this in Pokemon games :'(
In nsmbw the sound of collecting the final star coin is just so perfect considering how much extra work getting all three is, and the fact that the final star coin while not always the hardest is usually by far the most climactic, good example of that are levels like 8-7 and 7-6, often requiring you to stare death in the face and come back alive. It's so unnecessary but so much fun for anyone with the skills to go for them, without actually making the levels any harder.
That is a well done video.
Thankyou for making awesome content!
As an Englishman who grew up in New Jersey, I gotta say: I hate the way English people say _"Marry-o."_
I feel like super mario bros wonder did difficulty the best, all the levels have 1 to 4 star difficulty (excluding special world level and the final level which have 5 star difficulty) and you don't have to do the harder ones but still has hard levels, and if you still struggle than you can use yoshi and nabbit, yoshi was how I beat this game's equivalent to champion's road being badge marathon.
You're missing Super Mario World in that stack.
It's a me marryo.
This video actaully teaches a lot about good game design. You did a fantastic job in showing how subtly you can change the difficulty for a player. Well done!
The assist that pops up if you fail to many times is great for people who need something easier but it’s like the game tbaging you if your trying to complete harder challenges and keep dying.
This is so damn professional wow. (You know it’s good when the video has custom captions)
Why does Super Mario Maker 1 come in a box Mine didn't
I'm just past the intro and I'm thinking of Mario 64. And in that game I remember the platforming could be rather difficult, but the penal for falling general just meant try again. So being bad mostly meant "try again" a lot. And being good meant you could do harder things faster easier
Video name "Invisible dificulty settings"  Video barely mentions the litereral invisibility difficulty settings which add a huge amount of difficulty to the games they are in
Kids are weak nowdays . A generation of crying baby that dont wanna retry levels they want easy peasy
2:05 get jan misali on this stat
I'd argue originally Yoshi was meant to be an easy mode: just go back to any level with Yoshi, pick him up, and you get conditional invincibility.  Or even the concept of picking up a powerup from somewhere else and taking it to the level you're on to start with it. SMB3 had all these overworld items, everyone used the P-Wing on that one super fast airship stage. SMW had no restrictions.
just add the asian setting!
Kids play as Yoshi or Nabbit and adults play as the regular characters. That's how lol
Mario is the Gamer Community's Bluey
CEAVE MENTIONED!!!!!
One thing I think you missed is that there are often multiple ways to get a star in the 3D games, even if they're not completely intended. Trying to cheat the game and bypass some of the level is always pretty challenging and fun.
2:03 Jan Misali shudders
14:52 these features make me anxious, because they make feel tempted to use Luigi/ super tanooki or whatever there is but then id be a baby who can’t even beat the normal levels
Watching this made me realize ultrakill is basically the mario bros of fps games
now only if there was a mod that the game would play the game for me.
4:45 uhm... no, not really, you just have to break the block next to it before the mushroom starts moving to let it drop down
What is a mario game though?
16:03 another thing withg SMM2, if you lose all your lives during a job you can ask luigi to clear it for you if you are having TOO much trouble (you won't get any collected coins but you'll still get the payment attached to the job and progress on building) or you can retry with the assist parts available
you failed to mention the P acorn in the super tanuki suit section, which lets you do the same stuff as the super tanuki and p wing does, with a NSMBU twist
My problem is that I’m a completionist at heart while being bad at the game, so I’m often sorted into the hard category when I have trouble in the easy levels
Marry-O.
How are star coins optional if you need them to unlock new levels/worlds?!
a lot of end game challenges in mario games are still incredibly challenging, the final final gauntlet  in wonder was genuinely surprising, took me 2 hours to beat
Wtf are you talking about. The tanuki suit is a reference to the tanuki suit in mario 3, not the P wing
I'm sorry but the pronunciation of Mario triggers me
I feel this is a bit disingenuous as by this logic all games have "hidden difficulty" settings. Just do a speedrun or challenge run of Dark Souls and you have hard mode. Just use magic and cheese and overlevel and you have easy mode. All games with optional content has a "hidden difficult mode".  Framing this as some special genius Nintendo invention is misleading at best.
When people say Mario wonder is too easy and I’m like “you’ve been playing Mario since before I was born! You’d think they’re all easy!”
Here's the thing.  Maybe it's because I grew up on mario nes, and the lost levels and even the occasional kaizo (no, I never passed any of them)... I don't think of anything in that top pipe as optional, sometimes it's hard, but it just seems natural to try for it.  Sometimes I fail, but even trying to race the mushroom and get it in 1-2 is somehow... fun.
Having 3 big collectible coins was introduced in World not DS
Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.   I had wondered what fever dream that was playing Super Mario 2 which was insanely difficult but I never found it again. . . now it makes sense.
Luigi da best
When I was a little kid in the NES days, Princess Toadstool absolutely made SMB2 approachable to me. I've moved long past the point where I worry about difficulty in most any Mario game, but I never forgot where it all began.
Backseat ?
I played through Zelda Ocarina of Time when I was 5 or 6 (including the water temple, which has now been thoroughly meme'd).  Players should not be given help of any kind, it stifles a person's development.  I have a very clear memory of giving up on OoT for a month or two in the initial deku tree segment.  Somehow I just didn't get what to do after burning the web in the center.  Then I went back and it all finally clicked, I "got it", and the world opened up.  To provide help, you are robbing a person of this moment.   Very interesting analysis though.
5:09 wtf are you talking about, this concept was introduced in SMW with yoshi coins.  you also fail to mention the coin levels/white mushroom houses in smb3, which has its roots in smb1 with the hidden 1ups for example, the 1up in 3-1 that requires you to collect every coin in 2-3  shallow research
Adding a harder mode would be nice, extra obstacles, more enemies, puzzles and different locations for collectables.  Warioland 4's S-Hard difficulty did this well. However it really tests the top players, some of the bosses literally require cheese to beat while keeping all the  treasure chests
"Easy to play, hard to master" the golden rule of Mario games
Wonder was way too easy
Interestingly this exact same logic can be applied to the souls games, particularly Elden ring, when people complain about them not having tradition difficulty modes. Too easy? Restrict yourself to be under leveled, use less powerful weapons, don’t summon or use spirit ashes. Too hard? Power level, use some of the more broken weapons and ashes, or summon other real players to help you.
SMB World 1-2 , You can actually punch the brick next to the hidden 1up box, and gain the 1up mushroom before reaching elevator platform. 😉👍
These are all very salient points. People don't realize just how much work can go into difficulty settings sometimes. A perfect example is Cyberpunk2077, and probably a contributing factor to why it was such a hot mess on launch, the devs simply didn't have the time they needed. When you change the difficulty in that game, it doesn't just juggle some numbers around. Pay attention to enemy behavior when you change the difficulty. On lower difficulty, they're less likely to take cover, quickhack attempts are few and far between, and their propensity for magdumping and then being trapped in a reload while you close the distance is way higher. On higher difficulties, they will use grenades to flush you out of cover, they will use flanking maneuvers, they'll hack you any time a camera or enemy can get line of sight, and they'll use every bit of cyberwear they have access to.  That means CDPR had to program a unique AI routine for each of the four difficulty levels. They had to program and balance each dynamic enemy four times over. That's a lot of work.
I honestly don't know if the older Mario games were harder or if my skills as a gamer just got better as I aged. I remember Super Mario World being genuinely hard to finish, but since then I've never had that experience with a Mario game.
21:34 This is a really important  point. So many games feel too easy these days because being good at them makes them easier. Blasphemous 2 was supposed to be as brutal as the first, but I was disappointed by how it kept giving me overpowered altarpieces and upgrade after upgrade until it hardly felt difficult anymore.
"The time has come for you to choose!"
🐘
It's interesting to see all the things someone misses if they don't keep up with the games. I pretty much stopped after the Super Smash Bros games and never really kept up with the Mario games after that. It just became -too much- graphically. I'm curious about that original Super Mario Bros 2 for Super Players now :(
10:27 - Nntendo :p
I think this type of difficulty is better than a game quietly making things easier for the player by reducing enemy count based on how many times you fail. Max Payne 1 did this and sure the game was fun, yet there’s no level or game design behind it; it’s just variables changing the background.
20:51 This is very true. I've been playing the Horizon games and before I've even looked around a room Aloy blurts out how to solve what little puzzle there is. It's incredibly frustrating as my main motivation in games is figuring things out.   The story in the first game that I've finished so far is phenomenal, but gameplay wise it's not giving me that feeling of accomplishment.
I don't think I know anyone who lets the 1-up mushroom make it all the way to the end in 1-2. What you learn is to bust the block right beside it, and let it fall down.
Well said. Nintendo's game design is just on another level.
I love the sound effects that sound like redacted swear words in the middle of your sentences. Like at 18:12 to 18:15:   "We can think of these pipes as F-- easy, F-- normal and F-- hard."
Always said that difficulty settings are just a lazy and backwards way to make games easy or difficult, it’s just so artificial. The best kind of difficulty is built into the game itself. From gets a lot of hate from ignorant critics for not making their games “accessible” when there are in fact so many systems built into the game to make the game easier or harder. That’s the absolutely best way to do it IMHO.
if this was an hbomberguy video, he would have knocked over the video game stack and said "Fuck, what am I even doing?"
And not one side b was used
The first example is unnecessary, you can break the next block, spawn the 1up and jump on the broken block. You can even get up there and just run straight above all the level xd
The one thing that disappointed me about Mario Wonder was it didn't ramp up the difficulty more. It could've used one or two more worlds that continued getting harder. That would've been really fun
I feel like the difficulty issue was solved in the first Mario game for the NES, Super Mario Bros.  You had 32 stages across 8 worlds. As you progressed through the game, it would increase in difficulty and complexity, both in level layout and enemy placement. New players would likely not be able to complete the game in their first sitting. But the problem with catering to new players is that they don't stay new. A player playing through SMB1, and can only get to say.. 4-4, will eventually make it to 5-1. Someone who gets stuck on 8-2 will eventually get past 8-2. That was how older game and level designed worked, and it wasn't a bad system.  Now newer games (not just Mario games) pretty much make the difficulty of that of 1-1 through 3-4 for 90% of the game. And the rest of the game is only 10% of the remaining game but the rest of the difficulty we are missing, and frequently due to software and developmental limitations, gets cut off. So we never see the 8-3 or 8-4 type levels in some cases. And definitely not in the same percentage of content like we had before.  I'd prefer the same difficulty curve and same ratio of advancing in difficulty level. Not only does it provide experienced players a challenge, it ensures there is enough of the game to be satisfying is challenging. As well as giving not so experienced players more of the game to try and improve upon. Its interesting that this video touts Super Mario Wonder, but this was around the time of the release of the game. It hadn't been fully played by the community. While the game has a ton of charm and character that makes it a true Mario experience. It lacks the challenging content in the ratio I mentioned and even casual and less experienced players are being left thinking they wanted more of a challenge. There is challenging stages to be sure, but they are such a small percentage of the game that the amount of time playing it feels lacking.  The other reason to spread out the difficulty more evenly is replayability. The biggest example of this is Super Mario Bros. 3. The game itself can be 100% completed for the average person (for someone of sufficient skill to complete each stage) in about 3-4 hours. However the amount of time someone will spend playing SMB3 is far more than a few hours. You can easily get hundreds of hours. The game is a fun challenge every time you play it. Some of the newer Mario games don't exactly have that same level of replayability. Even the vaulted Super Mario 64 (which I might add is one of my favorite games) loses a major luster once you find all 120 stars. I remember playing SM64 for weeks when I first got it in 1996. I enjoyed it quite a bit. A friend of mine and I were even racing to see who would get all the stars first. Once I did, I found myself playing it less and less before just ceasing entirely, and not really going back with any real enthusiasm. I know some others can and have. But I've found myself seriously playing again as I did previous titles (SMB1, SMB3, SML2, SMW). Previous titles that had some heavy replay.  Of course I'm of the opinion that Nintendo of America really kind screwed us out of a real experience with SMB2j. I mean lets be honest, SMB2j was effectively what we would have called an expansion in the mid to 1990s. Where a game would have a second release using the same code and assets and be called an expansion, but the expansion would be an entirely self contained game. If anyone remembers expansions like Pirates Moon, Beyond the Dark Portal, and Ruins of Kunark, as well as many more). These were all self contained games in their own right, but started in difficulty where their previous title left off. It was great. But we missed out in 1986. We got it back on the SNES and you know what? I felt it was a pretty good addition. I'm glad we finally got it.  This isn't a desire to push out lesser experienced players. We all started with zero experience in video games. But none of us stay that way if we start playing. But you feel less satisfied when you throw down $60 on a new title and it feels like a quarter of the challenge from 35 years ago. And everyone will eventually feel that way about said purchase as they get more experienced.
Celeste assist mode is great too
Having the option to change the difficulty mid way is the way when I learn a new game I usually don't start on hard but I eventually always get bored and I don't want to restart the game.
14:32 rhythm heaven fever memories
What an amazing voice on this guy.
I always hated this "optional difficulty" concept, it makes me unmotivated to play when I know that I don't have to do the hard parts to win and finish the game, it's not fun for me to make the game harder for myself by doing mostly pointless stuff to collect stars or check marks like a school kid getting a fantastic sticker on their math test
The Lost Levels was the hard mode of SMB 1 made into its own game.
I Wanna Be The Guy "punished" players who picked the easiest difficulty setting by giving them a kickass bow. There are no downsides to choosing it.
this video made me realize Mario was incredibly ahead of the curve when it comes to post-game content
2:20 What are the 2 64 games in the stack?
@5:38 - While not necessarily the same thing, the Dragon Coins from SMW were definitely the clearest original concept of this kind of design, and obv followed up with the Red Coins in SM64 (I believe the red coins in SMW2 functioned differently, but I haven’t played it in like 20 years lol).
Mark Brown in the flesh! You're younger than I expected. Great video
Whatever the difficulty is at now, it's definitely in the tier of family demographic.
Great video! I never really considered Mario had a difficulty setting. Just levels i'd skip lol
Admit it. This video was just an excuse to play a bunch of Mario.
I've got the skills of the bottom pipe. But the stubbornness to go to the top pipe.
Neat!
I.agine mispronouncing mario for 30 min
Recently 100% wonder and it was far too easy incl. All the optional stuff. That post-game final level was the only real challenge.  So for me, they failed. But I see how they did so many things right designwise.
in new super mario bros on the ds you have to beat the final boss of certain worlds with the mini mushroom to unlock an alternate next world
In the first Super Mario Galaxy the second player could actually make Mario jump at any point by hovering over him and pressing the A button. So the assist mode can actually make the game harder if your older brother was a troll like mine.
Mario can be summed up with a simple mentality Japanese culture has about video games: it is not meant for adults, and I agree. I can see why they would believe that because Mario has always been absurdly easy. It is a reason for why so many speed runners play it. The player is given absolutely everything to succeed rather than guiding the player to appeal one's self to a better nature.
21:19 at least in 3d world if you repeat a level in which you used a white tanooki without using it this second time enables again your shiny stars if you have some. You can even see what levels you used a white tanooki if the score of that level is filled all with 0
wow, thanks for making this
I think an endless run mode where you can’t collect any power up’s and you have only one life would likely satisfy expert players.
Honestly, im reminded of the quote, "if you've done everything right, no one will be sure you've done anything at all" in reference to Nintendos addition of difficulty
I was surprise by how incredibly mindboggling easy the fight you unlock by getting 880 moons in mario odyssey was. It shouldve been something that takes tens of tries because if you went so far yu definetly are expirienced now so why not go out with a bang?
Oh I don't like that those challenges don't give you stuff like one ups. I would never have bothered with Dragon coins unless they were good for one ups...
What's interesting is that the 2d Sonic games are designed similarly. To make the game more difficult you can search for the bonus stages hidden throughout levels or aim at maximizing your score. To make it easier you can play as Tails.
23:20 when I first heard I could play as Yoshi I was So Exited, but then I heard they were easy mode only
I like how mario wonder had all the level details for ease or hardness. The hardest ones i had the most fun.
13:10 But to access at least one area, you “need” to have activated all the buttons in the world (if I remember correctly, you can cheese it with some creative cape flying).
Why do you have THREE super Mario games?
On this video your audio track has some ticking sound throughout the video. It's not in the music. It sounds more like it is some artefact introduced when processing your speech. I hope you'll look into it. It's driving me crazy.
vc tem cara de sojado mano clbc
16:00 it's worth noting that the stars on the game file select screen will never have the glowing/sparkling effect if you've taken a golden tanooki in 3d land. so if you want to have a full 100% save file (5 stars), you can only get the stars to be sparkly if you're good enough to do it without the golden tanooki. if i remember correctly, the requirements are (for each star):  - beat the story - beat the special worlds - all star coins - all levels cleared with a golden flagpole (top) - all levels cleared as both mario and luigi
22:00 Say what you will, but if you ask me, making the game easier is the absolute best and most motivating reward for showing skill and completing difficult challenges. In any game. Earning my way out of the "top pipe," or far preferably, upgrading my options for managing the top pipe, is what makes exploration and optional challenges (like finding the Switch Palaces in Mario World) worth it to me. Reducing the effective difficulty level by going above and beyond isn't a nasty negative feedback loop, it's the system correctly incentivizing effort and rewarding your increased skill.
Just played New Mario bros 2 and lost maybe 2 lives throughout the whole game. So boring. They need to get rid of storing power ups as it essentially gives 5+ lives rather than 2
They have the super Mario Odyssey
Everyone else used the release of super Mario wonder as an opportunity to talk about how bad the new super Mario bros games are where as you used it as an opportunity to celebrate all of the Mario games
In Mario 3D Land, if the gold leaf assist block ever shows up, the shine on the save file is lost. Not only if you use it
This would have all been great in Sunshine. Me and my sister were stuck on one of the fludd-less levels for hours once as kids and we got so frustrated that we gave up.
Congrats on the 200th episode!
Doki Doki Panic did more for the Mario series than the original Mario 2 ever did.
2:02 hey you can't say something like that without qualifiers and explanations. jan Misali found that out the hard way
I finished galaxy 1 as a kid it was difficult I felt good about it and I NEVER saw the help screen.   Just now knew its an option
Great video. I would add, in your analysis of Mario Wonder, that Yoshi can be used by an expert player to literally carry inexperienced players past difficult sections.
I didnt see this video was from 2 months ago and thought it was an april fools at first XD
It surprised me to hear that Yoshi's Island is a really easy game because I have always played it trying to get the best mark possible. But yes, if I think about it, it would be very easy to just go from A to B. It is really well design. The difficulty range is amazing
The Mario and Kirby series' flexible difficulty are some of the greatest examples of accessibility and depth in gaming.
One of the key things to mention about the score in Yoshi's Island is that it was needed in order to unlock the bonus levels.  That alone was the entire reason I strove to achieve perfect 100's in that game.  That said, I never unlocked any bonus levels apart from the first world; it was just too hard.  I really wish they instead used a minimum score, like a total that equates to an average of 95 points each
24:56    Koichi Hayashida , NNTENDO
The run button was the OG difficulty mode
Yoshi coins (not star coins) were in SMW, but served much of the same purpose.
i watched this video with my bf and made fun of it the entire time
your hair is over the top lol
Wouldn't a character wheel akin to weapon switching allow for an easy difficulty swap?
A great example of game design like this is in the genius game design of “Baldi’s Basics Plus”! I recommend you dive deep into the game mechanics of it 🎉😊
I can't tell if you spelled Nintendo "Nntendo" in the interviews, or if the "I" is just a weird shade of blue
Easy <---- Normal <---- Hard <---- Super hard <----
Yoshi's Island is not a mainline Mario game tho
Sad to see this channel supporting the false narrative that the Japanese SMB2 is "full of BS". It's a challenging, but fun game. And for anyone who falls into the category that you mentioned who spent their lives honing their Mario skills, it's really the only official Mario game actually made for them. The stages are really well thought through, and expertly designed with a fantastic feeling of flow that kicks in once you start acing every obstacle.  But unfortunately the game for too often gets written off as some sort of Kaizo hack, and when people dip their toes into it and get promptly punished, that results in them just accepting that misconception, instead of actually giving the game a good try and discover how fun it is.
I much prefer the "hidden" difficulty settings like which star(s) to grab, finding the secret exit, taking the warp zone, play with a friend, find hard levels, etc. I'm not a big fan of equip the OP item or badge, select your difficulty, auto-skip levels, or anything that would risk trivializing otherwise difficult areas.  My opinion is if you want the game to have an easier path, provide one without compromising the harder one. Reward the determned player with more story, levels, and bosses while giving less experienced players something to strive for or a feasible path to ignore it entirely. If you want players to be able to practice without punishment, include an optional practice mode or levels.  But hey, what do I know? :)
5:10 in Super Mario World you have Dragon Coins which are practically the same
It's like the video game version of participation trophies....
I'd love to see a video of you comparing board game design with video game design. Similarities and differences.  Maybe even a collab with a channel such as "shut up sit down"/"people make games"
it's MAH-REE-YO not marrio thanks
24:57 the quote says nntendo instead of Nintendo
No crapout left behind, I guess.  When I was a kid, there weren't difficulty settings- you just got ground into pulp over and over again until you either quit or got good at the game.  This modern age of lowering the bar to help people who suck is just weird to me.
When you're using a game to demonstrate a concept , can you please keep the name in the top left for the entire time you are showing the game? In a lot of your videos I have found myself thinking "Gee, thats a cool looking game, whats it called?" and look for the name only to find its already disappeared and I have to go skipping back through the video to find it
"Star coins formally introduced in New Super Mario Bros. on DS" but what about dragon coins in Super Mario World? That came out before and is also optional.
Optional collectibles are more like side quests than a hard mode. I don't really consider self enforced challenges like Nuzlockes, no hit runs, low level runs etc to be the same as a difficulty setting, those are more like playing a whole different game, and if the game itself is not enforcing it then it is not really a difficulty setting of the game itself. Skilled play is all about using things to your advantage, choosing not to use a specific item because it is "overpowered" can be a fun challenge but it is not a difficulty setting. The whole point of difficulty settings is that the game itself enforces or removes extra hazards, enemies, upgrades and whatever. The stuff in the video can still be good game design practice but i just disagree with referring to this stuff as "difficulty settings" or "easy/hard mode options", it is a separate thing.
4:27 You... didn't just break the block to the right of the 1-Up so that it drops down earlier and allows you to also go down the pipe to the bonus room?
https://youtu.be/gkvyYTSKTQY?t=956 So you know, the P-Wing is NOT the Invincible Tanuki Suit. Instead that is the uhh Tanooki Suit that lets you turn into an invincible statue but was otherwise the same (maybe not infinite P-power though)
On the friend placing blocks thing, that could be a way to make stages harder if you ask the friend to troll you with the blocks
Nintendo game developers are geniuses. A great video!
I'm so used to being embarrassed about how Americans pronounce things that I get shocked every time I hear a british person butcher "mario"....
At 14:45  there is the same way to help when you are stuck on a level in donkey kong country returns but there is no luigi but an white dk
Super mario world 2 had yoshi coins and came out on super Nintendo..... ds was certainly not the first to include special optipnal coins in tricky locations
One of my favorite invisible difficulty settings I've ever seen is in the genesis Sonic games. Sonic levels utilize verticality to literally provide different paths to adjust your difficulty. The higher the path, the harder the platforming, but you will often find more secrets. If you fall off the top path, you literally fall into an easier path. It creates a seamless and physical implementation of difficulty settings that's so natural it's built into the level design itself. I think it's a great idea that's underutilized in modern platforming games.
yaaaaaaay 200th episode !
I have never before thought of the Switch Palaces in Super Mario World as a form of difficulty selection. This video has made me want to go back and replay through the whole game without completing any of them to experience it again anew.  Hot dog!
Cutting in that footage of you missing the Yoshi again at the 17:02 mark was just brutal.
"Invisible" difficulty settings. Visible Additional Objectives. Visible Easy Mode Options. Okay.
I felt like SM3DW handled the difficulty scaling very poorly. Also, the final boss was a joke! It was just get to the top of the tower and then you're done. Everything was okay difficulty after beating the game except the very last level where they should have put something in between.
this guys says mario weird right? he says mah-rio, i say muh-rio. whos right?
It's Mario, not mary-0😂
I think the different power ups allow for the adjustment of difficulty in Mario games. For those who want an ultra hard mode, they can choose to use no power ups.   For those who want a super easy mode, they can use an item like the P-wing.  Super Mario World allowed for skipping world/ challenges.   Mario 64 did the same thing it allowed for you to complete the game, will less stars then every star in the game.  The difficulty setting is power ups you use, and how many courses you run with an option to skip some courses.
Koishi hayashida has his head up his  . . . Super Mario World had a shortcut path through the star world.making it non linear.
I would have loved a WiiU mario had I known of it . . . WiiU was a market failure.too bad nintendo has practiced anticonsumer behavior lately
I think StarFox 64 is a great way to make difficulty balance without choosing it as an option. The more skilled you are, the harder the route. Yeah, some routes are based on a hidden prerequisite, but there's the more overt things like the base/Gray Fox defense missions. Save the day, go harder. Fail, go easier. And once your friends at school told you about the hard path and what to do, it gave an incentive to get more skilled.
Those "90's" names are from the 60's
You didn't play through all those Mario games for this video. That is, at minimum, hundreds of hours of playing Mario, if not thousands. And that's without factoring in the analytical way you'd have to play to really learn about all their mechanics, capturing video and audio, etc.
Wow, 200 videos and 10 years went by already? We are getting old... You can be proud of what you have achieved with this channel ;)
Agree, in mario Wonder: choose Yoshi + Add blocks badge give 4 year old child, who never play video games, opportunity to finish all game and be happy)
I think you should take a look at ULTRAKILL’s accessibility and difficulty settings. Their great!  Enemy outlines, adjustable aim assist, a game speed slider in a major assists section, you can even change the base color of enemies.
Super Mario Bros. Deluxe was the hardest title I played and it wasn't even mentioned namely.
You played EVERY version of Mario brothers, and still got the Star Coin lore wrong. They first appeared in Super Mario World, as the Dragon coins.
Removing Peach's float in Mario wonder really sucks. She doesn't feel fun to play, I'd almost prefer she not be there if they removed her one mechanic.
I just 100%'ed Mario Wonder, and man oh man, that last badge challenge... It was difficult alright
I remeber well playing new super mario for the ds two worlds being locked  where you either have to find the skips  that lead you there or you have to fight World 2 and 5 bosses with the mini mushroom power up
Great points Mark!  Would be neat if more combat games included more extra challenges and helping hands
took us over 100 lives to complete the last level of mario wonder
6:20 *actually* the damage is taken BY THE PLAYER....  -did you ever hear that baby scream? it will destroy your brain within minutes!
I wish the Mario wonder secrets are not only harder to find, but also harder to pull off. Even in easy stages. Going for 100% means you are not a beginner.  Yoshi's Island has the best kind of difficulty for 100% completion. You must collect all red coins and five flowers... IN ONE PLAYTHROUGH OF THE STAGE. Meaning that if you complete the stage and miss 1 flower, you have to recollect all 5.
Incredible video, thank you!
I feel like they lost their way and made their games too easy. I am a fan of everything up to the first galaxy game. I don't like any of the "new" super mario games. And I felt like odyssey was just stupid. Walk 5 ft. Have a star. Go down pipe that took no effort to get to. Have a star. There just isn't a challenge anymore. I would take a new mario 64 or sunshine type game any day of the week over what they have been churning out.
I remember when I first regarded and I was super angry that it took away my shiny start
it still to this day continues to be awful that for the price of admission (rapidly approaching a hundred dollars as the years tick by) i'm forced to wade through hours and hours of  unbelievably boring easy unchallenging levels, grinding out total 100% completion in a snoozefest just for the chance to play one (1) level that is actually hard. they've been using this system for years and it's never been satisfying. unskilled completionists have to overcome this insurmountable hurdle at the end to call the game truly "complete" whereas skilled players get to play with baby toys for hours before they're allowed to play on the big boy game. my go-to move now is to wait until a friend has beaten the game and i borrow their save to run through a couple easy levels to familiarize myself with the new stuff and then i just go play "the good level" and finish it in 20 minutes. they will never do this ever again because of how expensive making video games is but super mario brothers 2 (the japanese one) is maybe the only time they've done it to my satisfaction. lesser skilled players can stick to the easier game and there's an entire game's worth of challenging levels for people who can handle it. i simply do not accept that picking up the extra life or the star coins is "challenge"
2:27 Please just tell me Super Mario Land is in one piece...
This system is also present in the Crash bandicoot platformers, since Crash 1 was considered too hard Naughty dog introduced a system called dynamic dificulty adjustment  in Crash bandicoot 2 ownwards.  what it basically does is:  if the player dies too much in the same section the game will give them an free aku aku mask(basically an extra hit they can take without dying), however if they still keep dying the game will give them a second aku aku mask, and eventually spawn extra checkpoints inside the levels. also, if the player have less than 10 lives the game will turn some wumpa crates into extra life crates.
if you win super Mario wonder without game overing all the bonus coins galore is unlocked
oh my goodness the a capella theme from sunshine is on an eternal, unresolving loop. it's quiet and subtle enough that I didn't really notice until a few minutes in that something.... was terribly wrong....
Half this video is the intro to the video.
I honestly wish more games did difficulty like Celeste does it.  There’s an assist mode that lets you toggle settings ranging from simply pausing when you dash to make sure you go the right direction, to making you literally invincible. The amount and way you make the game easier is completely up to you.   But on the flip side, you can get into the optional challenges immediately. There are strawberries and B-side, and even the winged golden strawberry if you want an extreme challenge - all in just the first level. The challenges also have a huge range in difficulty, ranging from regular strawberries that are just barely harder than usual gameplay, to the golden strawberries and Farewell (an optional level past the main story) that can take even the best players hours upon hours to do for the first time.  The incredibly customizable difficulty settings make it fun for everyone, whether you enjoy an _extremely_ hard challenge or aren't too experienced with games and are mainly just there for the story.
1:29 You could still do it; you'd just need three times as many levels for each difficulty.
I don't know if it's the first time,  but it's always shocking for me to put a face to a voice familiar to me nowadays
Take a look into cruelty squad everything about it is weird and unexplainable just play it
mario land 2 actually has an easy mode. If you press select on the file select screen, mario will turn small and the words “EASY MODE” will appear on screen.
1983 i had the first mario game on atari, he wasnt super yet but the enemies and mario were there.
Sonic classic trilogy does this in a clever way: there is 3 paths on the level, falling on the top road pushes Sonic to a easier path by dropping down Sonic
This was really interesting and also somehow the first time I've heard of SMB Wonder
Gunvolt cranks this up to 11. If you talk with one of the main characters befofe a level, you'll become invulnerable for the rest of it when your life drops to 0, making it impossible to lose. On the other hand, the REAL game consists on no-hitting ans speedrunning every level, which gives you acces to all sorts of sidegrades and upgrades.
Did he actually do the long route on darker side 💀💀
I had no idea that super Mario Bros was beatable without activating the switches!
Part of being a advanced gamer is loving Mario and Nintendo as a kid and then deciding you're a Fortnite/CoD/competitve AAA gamer who only plays serious stuff on playstation/PC/Xbox, and then finally growing up and coming full circle and realizing that Mario/Nintendo games have far more depth and gameplay than any of that edge lord steam deck shit that you thought made you so cool when you were 14.
Their difficulty things are so good. Very fan of the optional power to use to ease the gameplay.  My mother play a lot of Mario, when she plays, and I remember the golden leaf helping her a few times. But she didn’t want to take it each time ! So when she wanted to reach the end of the level by herself she did it, and if she was fed up she just « cheated » with that golden leaf. So much nice for casual players. Same for the super guide which she often used and helped her finish the level most of the time.  I think that’s one of the reasons she enjoys Mario games much more than others.
Well it's certainly a cool way, but saying other games let you predict before even playing isn't really right anymore. Most games I played in the recent years just have it as an option, so it's just pressing escape and going to settings.
Loved it! Especially,  that the games adjust like that
guys over here mainlining mario
so Super Mario introduced skillbased matchmaking before even CoD did think about that.. great.
Loved this video, new sub 👍
Tanooki Mario is not the same as the P power up. South Tanooki you could transform yourself into an invincible stone statue
The part about Yoshi in Wonder is interesting in another way, though. Yes, he is immune to enemy damage, but he also plays differently. As you mentioned, he can’t use the power-up items, but he also still has his tongue and flutter jump. If you wanted a Yoshi game instead of a Mario game, you can have one.
17:25 you missed, in 1985 mario, in first stage, you can enter the pipe, collect coins and appear at almost end of the stage. Or you can skip the pipe and get 1 up and have to dodge enemies and holes.
4:39 you just hit & break the brick next to the 1up and the 1 up drops to the ground. Then you collect it on to the ground. Then you can also enter the pipe to get more coins. In this stage, you basically get 1 up twice, once from mushroom and then from coins.
the bubble in multiplayermode is so overpowered.
Why are you adding an "I" to Mario. You are saying it like this "Mairio" wtf
Congrats on 200 GMTK episodes Mark 🎉👏
great video thanks a lot, loved the analysis !
I prefer fun and easy than hard and frustrating.
After over 100 attempts, I gave up on the final level of Wonder. And I still cannot get the final moon from Odyssey. While I appreciate the challenge, some of them are too much.   The completionist in me finds it extremely frustrating and does shade my overall view of the games (though not by much).
I’ve been binge watching so I can appreciate video games again these videos are dope!!!
Reminds me of the Dark Souls argument. No, there’s not a “difficulty option,” per se, new players can use leveling and item/weapons that make the games easier, or you could avoid leveling up, avoid bonfires, turn off the HUD, or pick a build that’s not as overpowered as others. It also makes for more reply value for players who want to experiment.
Since 1985, because Donkey Kong doesn't count. No one plays that anymore.  There hasn't been a movie about it. You don't hear about how one of the most famous players is likely a cheater.  Nothing to see here, Mario started in 1985, lol! '
Congrats on your 200th video?! Awesome. My gaming group loves your content.
“i played through every single entry in the mainline mario series” oh sweet man you have no clue the can of worms you opened by that one statement
Bro made Mario land fall on purpose to be cute
Great video!
Great 200 episode shot where the game cartridge falls. I’m glad you kept it. It really fits the themes I’ve come to associate with your channel. Trial and error, learning as you go, mistakes being central to the process of discovery.
Those bubbles with an ally in them got me killed a ton of times in the wii game, mostly by a friend coming back and knocking me off a platform.
I think the blocks in Super Mario World was kind of necessary in certain levels and some exits were not reachable without some of them. The blocks were also mostly at the end of secret paths, not a main stream player feature. Likewise in Wonder they can be a double edge blade as some levels have little to none of them and are easier with another badge.
ily game maker! great stuff
"Playing his adventures since 1985". Nope... 1981, friend. 😂
Mario.
Theres a whole hidden world of nothing but 6 star levels in wonder
22:00  Not just to be pedantic, but because I think it's a really useful concept for many contexts: If the game gets easier when you play better that's a positive feedback loop because the change enforces itself. Negative feedback loops tend back to equilibrium or the previous state (that would be it get's easier when you fail a lot).
Having more skill rewards players with one-ups and stuff, thus making the game easier?  (Thinking back to the times when I would loose 10 lives just trying to reach a single 1-up...).
Congrats on 200!
"wanted a system that could change the difficulty level of the entire course in real time with the push of a button"  So... Difficulty select. You just want to put difficulty select in.
I think I'm gonna try to beat Mario 64 without a hat. If you get your hat stolen, you take 2x damage until you get it back. Does anyone else have any cool challenge runs they've done?
Of this and you still don't know how to pronounce Mario correctly
Excellent video. Congratulations !
Oddest has an easy mode where you get double health and things that would insta kill you only deal 1 dmg
I'm glad you talked about the "choose your difficulty" thing. It's cool that the games have them, but I really don't like giving that choice to players at the very beginning, when they've never played and don't know where they stand and/or where the game stands, and can't change it either. I feel like I'm pretty good at rhythm games and platformers, but does that mean I'll find Terraria's normal mode too easy ? I have no clue, I opened the game two minutes ago ! While the difficulty setting varies from person to person, it also varies from game to game as well. Normal on Terraria is, well, normal. If you don't know the inns and outs of the game yet, it's pretty challenging, but nowhere near the expert and master modes. On the other hand, having only played a single game of it, normal mode on The Binding of Isaac feels a lot harder. Probably also due to the fact that it's a roguelike, but that's my point : Every game is different. A strict difficulty setting that can't be changed throughout your adventure means you're never sure if you're playing the right difficulty, and it leads to friends showing you a game and going "Oh yeah pick Ultra Hard Megadeath, the hard and very hard modes are both way too easy". Then, regardless of whether you followed their advice or not, you're stuck wondering if you made the right decision all throughout the game. And if you realize you didn't? Well bummer, now you have to restart your whole save !
"You only need 70 stars to finish the game" BLJ : Uh...
2:05 jan misali new mainline mario games classification dropped ?
For me super Luigi u is easier than Mario bros u I beat Luigi u before beating Mario bros u
I think the first section of this video is way too charitable to Nintendo’s current design philosophy. No part of any recent Mario game has been made for an adult level of challenge except maybe champion’s road in 3D world. Not saying that’s a bad thing, I just think we should stop pretending that Nintendo cares about the “super players” anymore
For those into speedrunning Mario you absolutely have to watch The Complete History of the A Button Challenge.
you know which games are mainline super mario games? I think Jan Misali might like a word
Adding spirits to elden ring was the absolute best example of this. Let others enjoy the game and boost sales without actually affecting the game difficulty. If they really like it, they’ll go back and play it again in a harder way. Its beautifully done.  Although weirdly enough the one time I got frustrated and tried to use them it made the boss unpredictable and it actually got harder for me. I guess everything has a learning curve lol.
Lore of Super Mario's Invisible Difficulty Settings momentum 100
Answer: Optional content.
The nice thing with Mario letting you switch between "pipes" is that, in a lot of cases, failing the harder challenge let's you continue in the easier mode. In a game where each level has new mechanics, that's a nice way to push through the harder levels but excel at the levels you can master.
Super Mario Wonder *is* easy mode. It’s a cool looking game, but my main beef with it is how easy it is.
The original crash bandicoot also did this, by adding gems that required smashing all boxes in a stage without dying, and giving players a free mask, or an extra checkpoint if they kept dying
not enough Mario Sunshine footage, that game was so nuts
Super Mario world had an entirety alternative set of levels with a hidden boss if I recall correctly.
Such a great video. So well done. Could you make a Zelda video next?
If this dude says Mario wrong one more time....
at least you can play as Luigi!
I wonder how different the perception of the Yellow Switch Palace would be if the game actually presented it as an easy mode. If it asked you “would you like to activate this switch? This will add various ! Blocks to levels, which can make them easier for new players.” I feel like a large number of people (myself included) would see that and go “no way, I don’t need baby mode, I can beat it the way it was meant to be played!” Even if nothing else was different about it besides that notification.
thats really wholesome. Games should be challenging and fun. stimulate to overcome a challenge. not be made for babies or masochists 😂
Congrats on 200 episode, kind of funny to hear you're not retiring. just wasn't something I expected.  Wasn't World for the SNES first one with collectables to make it harder with Dragon Coins?? collect all 5 to get a 1up, but a lot of them have you go out your way, or make us of some item to get.   I kind of disagree with you saying that Dragon coins result in an easier game, I've beaten SMW without using star road or dying a single time, the Coins never once felt like a way to make the game easier outside the first level which is showing you the mechanic.  Most of the time the reward of a 1 up isn't worth the effort to any higher skill player to get lives, and a couple of the Coins have either the requirement of using items or jumping into a pit to get the 5th coin, since if you get them all it saves progress. the reward in this case feels a lot less making the game easier but more of either a small reward for effort, or removing frustration about having to throw yourself into a pit for the final coin.   13:00 didn't yump. sad.
I’m not usually an elitist, but if you beat Mario using the super guide or a perma-invincible powerup… no u didn’t. (Unless you’re like disabled or incredibly terrible at video games. I think if you’re half decent at games, these games are worth rising to the challenge.)
I don't enjoy difficulty when it's optional.
My joycons are "broken" (drift, one even has no Bluetooth anymore) so i cant beat those post-game run challenges in Odyssey properly. That is something i hate. Recently started Wonder: I love how (for me) the game is like a challenge and some relaxing levels in between.
Pedagogically speaking this is really impressive
Saw this real quick on Mrwhosetheboss latest video lol
My wife and I are about to go into Bowser of Wonder now.  We’re both excited as hell about world 9 where the real fun begins.
free 500 5137801305
I love how who you play with in Mario bros U co-op directly impacts what the difficulty is like. I just played it recently with someone and we kept knocking each other off of the map and both kept getting in each other’s way making it so much harder for either one of us to get the secrets or just through the level 😂
This was fascinating I’ve been trying to do all the stuff on Mario games for so long I had never spotted these hidden difficulty features.  What’s so funny is I have helped my daughter beat wonder and 3D world
cool video. has anyone ever told you you sound like tom scott? lol
21:35 This segment really opened a new dimension for me
bruh he looks exactly as you'd expect
Marry-o ?
I love Super Merry-o Bros.
how can anyone play these games from 1985, do they have the memory of a goldfish and think fighting the same turtle over again and again is fun? There is no exciting climax because you're facing the same pathetic turtle that doesn't know how to stay down over and over again. The more a villain is beaten the more pathetic they have become, the guy was already overused in the 90's to the point he was a joke, so that makes him incredibly pathetic now.  Guess people don't play these games for excitement... I remember my first mario game, Super Mario World. I got so excited seeing the red door wondering what the boss was gonna be. There is no wonder anymore, since bowser is always the final boss the bosses before him are supposed to be even more pathetic than he is, so excitement for fights is utterly destroyed. I get why kids play these games, they don't understand how lazy nintendo is because they don't know how much they've reused the same ideas over and over... but people that are 30+ like me who have been playing them all and still do? don't get it at all, I gave up playing them after galaxy 2. complete waste of my time. sad because the series held a lot of promise, shame shigeru miyamoto has some bowser fetish or something, don't know WHAT's going on at nintendo but it surely sounds like I don't want to.
1122
I think Yoshi coins of Mario World pre-dated other gold coin / purple coin / green star optional goals.  Also, some commentary I think is missing from the video: Yes in some Mario games you have to play through all the normal difficulty stuff before you can unlock the expert content, but I think Nintendo can choose to take a chance on doing that despite the obvious risks. They put so much effort into the game design and sheer enjoyment of playing casually that it serves almost as an appetizer that builds hyper for people who know that the harder content is coming. I'd compare this to a game like Stardew Valley where it seems like a chill relaxed farming simulator but can quickly spiral into a stressful time management/planning headache even though nothing within the game is forcing players to do that - By having milestones that keep the casual stuff casual in the beginning, Mario game players don't end up stressing themselves by trying to meet goals they may not be ready for. This is more speculative, but I suspect that criticism of a game being too hard is more detrimental to Nintendo's family friendly fun brand image vs being labeled "too easy". The first impression is important and Nintendo can control that by not allowing a situation where a player is so frustrated they end up throwing the controller 30 minutes into their first time playing it (even if it's their own fault with lots of easier alternative difficulties).
28:48 who is he referring to here?
Beating a Mario game us easy completely 100% one is a different story
4:24 - Or you could just break the brick in front of the 1-Up so that it falls right to you. And Star Coins didn't actually start the trend of challenge coins- that can be traced back to Super Mario World's Dragon Coins.
Congratulations on 200 videos! Quite the achievement!
I'm gonna be lame and answer your rhetorical question with: just speed up the game to make it harder Got 10 frames to hit a jump? No you don't. You now have 5. Can't hit those 10 frames? Make it 15
I like the lesson from path of exie, which they forget every few years, difficulty should generally be earned, not arbitrarily chosen, that means if you have a hard mode you should have a miniboss version of it. That can be seen in the way you unlock b sides in celeste, you have to go through a fairly challenging screen to unlock the hard level.
Fun Fact: in SMB3, you can use the P-Wing followed by a Tanooki Suit to stack them. The unlimited P still runs out at the end of the next course but you'll keep the Tanooki Suit
I think I heard in another video that the Super Luigi stages had super short time limits _but_ they're actually seconds instead of the usual SMB "seconds" that are like .7 of a real second. The result is that it puts you in an urgent state of mind while giving you more time than you think you have
I don't think 20:56 is supposed to sat NNTENDO?
As I was watching this I had Super Mario Land 2 DX (rom hack) opened in another tab playing. I was trying to ring the bell but was having problems doing it. Funny timing
Whether you wanted it or not, you've stepped into the discussion of what counts as a mainline mario game.
Great video! Also, I'm sure it was a blast going through all the Mario games again. I've been playing since the 90s, but still need to try out a couple of them myself, like Yoshi's Island.
No forget the mario game for all skill levels. Mario Maker!! You can find easy, medium, hard, very hard, extremely hard & you better be perfect if you're gonna beat this level difficulties.   Ps. There is also the level called Tubular in Super Mario World. That level is pretty hard.   Ps: i exluded Mario games like Mario  64, Sunshine, Odyssey & the rpg mario games. I know mario 64 & sunshine gets very difficult but i wanted to focus on the mario bros/super mario line exclusively.
That thing you said about how players surprise you with the ways they find to wring out more challenge from a game illustrates a point I've been making for years whenever people complain that a game is "too easy" -- too easy is not a valid complaint, because you can always make a game harder for yourself. The world's easiest game isn't so easy if you're competing with someone else for the any% WR. That's a bar that keeps rising to inhuman levels of difficulty no matter the game and you are welcome to take it on instead of bitching that the game's too easy for you.  Let me tell you about a game called The Messenger. It's a love letter to Ninja Gaiden and a great game, I've beaten it multiple times including a self-imposed weak-mode challenge run where I didn't buy any shop upgrades except the ones you are literally required to buy. The game is so much harder without the upgrades and I had fun doing it. So guess what people did. They fucking complained that the game is too easy while they're sitting there buying all the shop upgrades that do things like cancel knockback. My dude, the game is too easy because you are buying things designed to make it easier. You are wearing the clown makeup. Imagine turning on invincibility and infinite jumps in celeste's assist mode and then complaining that the game is too easy because it's impossible to die. It's very dishonest and unfair, so I consider complaining about easy to be worse than complaining about graphics (which I also find to be a useless criticism because video games are not movies).  I think I have complained about games being "unchallenging" before, but what I probably really meant in any of those cases is that the game is boring, and being boring does make a game hard to get into. You only want to spend the time to "git gud" if you enjoy a game and have fun with it. But at the same time, if a game is easy, it's hard to find the motivation to do a further challenge run if the first playthrough was boring. Boring/not-fun is a completely different issue from too easy and is completely subjective, but unlike too easy, it is a valid complaint. The core issue in those cases is not that the game was too easy, but rather because it was boring and the lack of challenge was misattributed as the reason why. But difficulty and entertainment are not correlated. A game where all you do is press a button to advance the story can be fun under the right circumstances, like comedy. That's right, I'm talking about the NewGrounds flash game, Super PSTW Adventure, and the infamous "dot dot dot" review by axeman13. A game where all you do is hit the spacebar and that's it. And it works because it's a comedy game. On the opposite end of the spectrum you have mechanically complex games being boring. I would think that the "open world survival craft", 4X, and management sim genres are all mechanically complex, yet I find these genres to be incredibly unfun to play, so I actively avoid them.
I've wanted to make a video like this but using old school Sonic the Hedgehog as my example.  In the old Sonic games, you weren't ever suppose to full "lose" the game. Winning wasn't that hard, because you would only really die if you lost all your rings. When you got hit, they'd spill out, but you were relatively safe as long as you could grab just 1. The real game of Sonic, was to go fast.  The Sonic team had excellent level design to facilitate this. Generally, levels were divided into three paths, with the upper path being the fastest and the lowest path being the slowest. In order to stay on the upper path, you'd have to make daring jumps, bounce on precise places, move through platforms and make tight squeezes, and do it all without missing a beat. If you ever failed, you'd likely fall down onto the next path below. The lower paths would have more twists and turns. They'd have more mechanics that required you to stop to activate switches, pull levers, charge up spindashes, or clear enemies before progressing. The execution required to move forward on these paths was lower, but more time required. If you fell to the lowest paths, these would be incredibly slow. You might have to stand on a moving platform and wait for it to cross a gap. You might have to swim through water or oil which was slow and cumbersome. There were usually less enemies and instant death traps, but you couldn't really move quickly without having to stop for some forced platforming with wide margins of error but no room for improvement.  Therefore, two people could play the same exact game but have wildly different difficulties without changing any settings. A new player would often find themselves getting hit and falling down into the lower sections of levels. Taking their time and plotting forward. Meanwhile, seasoned players would be zipping over most of the course, using power-ups in specific ways to bound over obstacles and land amazing gymnastic feats to clear levels in seconds. This also meant that you could take more dangerous paths on some levels, while playing it safe on others. A very customizable game experience that didn't need to be explicitly stated to the player or tutorialized. Just by playing the game you would learn how to make it more to your liking, sacrificing speed for comfort or ignoring the risks to race the clock.  I think it's a great example of how you can do an 'easy mode' without ever needing it to be read like that.
I’m not sure why they found it complicated to change difficulty with a single button when one of their “pipes” is simply a character selection. A mechanic to allow the player to swap to another character on the fly seems like a pretty straightforward solution
Still traumatized when I see Super Mario Galaxy 2 and remember it was excluded from 3D All Stars
We are so effing back
Star coins started on the SNES, on super Mario world. Many years before ds was even possible....
the "select at beginning" is the worst way to select difficulty. how many games have i started, realised i've been under/overwhelmed, but then couldn't change the difficulty? but what is also good in mario games is that with the individual level difficulty design, you also don't need to make difficulty sliders to accomodate specific problems. are you an expert player with issues in underwater levels? ok, there you can take the easy way, but the difficult way in all other levels. other games are like "this game is actually 2 games in one, but you have only one difficulty for both parts. You're really good during the "day"-game but bad at the "night"-game? well, too bad for you, you just have to live with one part not being your difficulty". As an example of this: cult of the lamb. i played that game on hard, but the cult-management felt stressful to me because i wanted to optimize it, while the dungeon-delving just felt "this is on the lower end of the difficulty"
I'd argue that while, yes, the switch palaces in _Super Mario World_ make the game technically easier and permanently so, examining the game's course design makes it clear that the developers intended for players to use them. Certain areas of the game are practically inaccessible to average players without the extra blocks provided by switch palaces, and some courses including the infamous Valley Fortress only provide power-ups if you activate the corresponding switch palace to get it.
mErio
4:30 WTF, ¿Alguien agarra la 1UP de esa manera?
I think this video explains the difficulty curve in Mario games pretty well. Even so, Nintendo still seems to think that a small percentage of their player base is average skilled at best. There was literally like three times I was truly challenged in my entire play through of Wonder. Feels like some of us are punished for being life long fans.
"Mary-o"
who's merry o
As a 90's kid we never said those words unironiclly
Dynamic difficulty is a thing that seems to become more and more mainstream and im all for it. I always liked how RE4 and Left4Dead adjusted item drops and enemy placement according to how well you're doing.
Let the players set the difficulty themselves  Translated: I don't want to bother with it
Idk when mark first showed his face, but he does not look like what I expected at all
Well this was enlightening.
Love your channel, I think I started working in game dev partly because of it and how you talk about games
Cut the background music, very annoying.
There's no way this is the 200th video! It's so amazing to see an amazing channel like this grow larger and larger every month. I love everything you do, there has not been a single video which I did not enjoy ♥️♥️♥️
5:13 super mario world has a similar thing with the dragon coins, so its not a completely new concept that was introduced in this game
Jan Misali is seething rn
Congratz for 200 videos! I watched almost all of them and enjoyed every second of them
this is one of the BEST game design videos i've seen in my entire life, thank you.
In Super Mario 1's 1-2 you can break the block next to the 1-up before hitting it and it just falls through the ceiling about 99% of the time. Then it's very easy to get. Very rarely it'll hop and take that long path you mentioned, which caught me by surprise the first time it happened to me.
The predecessor to Star Coins were Yoshi Coins. It often took more skill to get them.
I feel like they got it wrong with mario wonder, i was so bored with how easy the game was
This is my issue with mario galaxy. I think it's my FAVORITE nario game of all time but like... I really have to beat it on mind numbingly easy mode before they add the extra stars? Why?
There isn't a single video that i have watched on GMTK that Mark doesn't say "critical path" 😂. I have adopted the term myself. Congrats on the 200th video❤
Ugh, I hate it when a game proactively offers help. Just let me git gud, okay? Don't make me feel like a failure by suggesting I should've already gotten it by now.
I really like how Mario and Kirby games for that matter add difficulty in games because they always end up so memorable, yet completely optional. The prankster comets in Mario Galaxy come to mind for me. All of those challenges were really fun from beating Bouldergeist with only 1 HP, to collecting purple coins with Shadow Mario chasing you to the Fast-Foe Comet speeding up enemy patterns are stuck in my head for being challenging, but really fun!
While I appreciate the effort they make to accommodate for player looking for harder challenges, I still find the red pipe path to be unsatisfactory. The blueprint for the levels is clearly made to be trivial to traverse. As a consequence the novel mechanics they introduce end up feeling not pushed to their full potential.    And even if there is definitely some harder challenges in special worlds, the difficulty curve still remains very flat. Champions Road is probably the single exception in which I felt I had to focus but I still wouldn't call it particularly challenging.   There is just no substitute to making a challenging game from the ground up like Celeste. Game design targeting a specific demographic trumps this kind of bandages.
9:30  Hey now.  I'm a 90s kid, and that slang was outdated back then.  Those are 60s and 70s slang bruh.  Don't be groupin' me in with my hippie parent's generation. ;P
Hard mode in super Mario wonder is simply playing with more then one player xD the camera makes the game harder than it has to be
My favorite form of difficulty is PvP against someone else, head to head difficulty; especially with someone of similar skill
Before star coins, there were dragon coins - in SNES Mario. This video doesn't mention dragon coins but they're part of the history
Even if i love so much Mario wonder. It was wayyy too easy. Not enough things that makes the game harder. Purple coins are saved when you take them, you can save a power up, and using a harder badge doesn’t give you a reward.
Some of that music is awful lol, we don't need "hype" electronic music with loud peaks competing with the voiceover
5:09 Pretty sure the yoshi coins (SMW) pre-date the star coins...
I’m playing one of those mobile RPG‘s called honkai star  rail, and it’s really interesting because it every time you get to a certain level it cap you, and if you want to go past that you have to ascend. Doing that cost, extra materials, and also raises the difficulty level of all the monsters you encounter. I thought it was really interesting.
Being from Scotland, yeah idk how this made it into the game its quite a well known slur, what does it mean outside the uk?
"Don't reward challange with power, reward challange with more challange" is an interesting approach, but I find that it is easier done in platformer than in RPG, especially stat-heavy one. Exploration for example is often rewarded with power such as coins even in platformers, but having a hidden boss drop an item that reduces you in power, or gives you an option to go to harder subworld doesnt sit right, and adding things like quests, extra bosses etc. that do not reward you properly (making rest of the game easier) sounds like negative feedback loop, that could sort players out of doing the challanges after they skipped several past chalanges.  I feel there has to be a neat, general solution for it, but I have not heard and cannot come up on the spot with it.
It's funny to see this as a mid-level skilled mario player. I remember the dreadfull days when I was trying to beat Darker Side of the Moon, the frustration made me drop the game for days to "rest my mind" just to get back again and get frustrated again, but when I finally beat the level and bought 999 power moons, I decided for myself that I was "done" with the game, I had done the most difficult part and was pretty satisfied, same with "Champion's Road" aka "..uck you nintendo", and  it made me a "hard challenges seeker" in every game, trying everything in the hardest difficulty possible just for the sake of "done it" and I try always to encourage my son to do the same, knowing that the satisfaction of beating something hard (Dk country cof cof) is as much rewarding as getting A's in school.
Bro thank you - I was trying to explain to my friend how difficulty in a game comes down to more than just how much damage you take and dish out as the player. Its not fun when you have to hit every enemy 50 times while dying in 3 hits but I love how games bake in optional difficulty while still being accessible. Great vid!
This is why difficulty sliders are a bad time. Mario, Dark Souls, etc benefit so much from being, gasp, designed better.
I love Mario games, but even with the "3 pipes" system of difficulty, its easier to beat the new games using only the red pipe than it is to beat the old games blue pipes. Its just skewed so far in that direction and I miss genuine, built in challenge.
5:15 you mention star coins but these are rebranded Yoshi coins from Super Mario World.
although only one of many ways to do it, my favorite example of dynamic difficulty is found in the Monster Hunter series. almost every game features extremely high animation commitment, regardless of your playstyle, but unlike other games that wncourage difficulty by the same means, such as the Souls series, Monster Hunter has much more varied levels of commitement. from long combo strings or aiming for your heaviest attacks, the level of commitment you challenge yourself to engage with correlates directly to how much damage you do in a given opening. additionally, you can massively reduce the challenge you experience by sheathing your weapon. this enables sprinting, absurdly long invincibility frames, and even item use. and this is all before discussing some commonly utilized methods of dynamic difficulty, to include farming for better gear before taking on your next monster, bringing palico buddies or friends, and so on.
Mark da 🐐 no🧢
I hated when you played 4p in Mario deluxe, someone always had to be toadwtte and stuck with an easy mode character.  But I guess if you can fine 4 players at once, it’s very likely one of those players won’t be as skilled
I think LBP already solved this problem. Its very easy to die but it has many checkpoints. The game also little hidden mechanics you can master to get better at the game like ledge high jumping. The game also gives cool rewards if you finish the level without dying. Its best of all worlds for casual and sweats
I just wanna say that those no flud, platforming levels of super mario sunshine was some of the hardest mario content i've ever played, probably even worse than the end of odyssey. And those were required to beat it 😭😭😭
when you die too many times they give you power ups. that how they do it. why was this 30 minutes?
I like how in super mario world, the bonus levels are both the easier and harder pipes. As a small child, I had difficulty getting through all the varried levels to get to bowser's castle, but was capable of taking the fewer levels of star world, and got into bowser's castle that way.
I’d argue Mario is both sides of the proficiency scale, in between skill is when u go play other games
That's not a difficulty change, those are just choices you make while playing. Very misleading title.
17:15 what about the online hints in SMWonder?
100% a mario game is pure bliss
Very good points. In 2D Mario's there's more than the tanooki suit though. There are all kinds of power-ups to skip levels. For instance in Mario 3 there's the cloud (or wings?) that lets you fly endlessly and pretty much finish any level without trouble. Although, in Mario 3 they're consumables, and you can't play the special stages again to collect them back, meaning it's an easy mode but you'd better not blow it. In Mario World you can have the cape anytime you want, so the easy mode simply requires a bit of grinding in previous levels. Interesting solution too, although maybe not as interesting as some other ones proposed here.  In any case, a topic worth considering. It's obvious that Nintendo puts much thought into this kind of stuff. 😌
This is how I've always tried to design games, make the baseline fun, add optional but rewarding challenges, and have a failsafe for people who struggle, on the fly. Playrs dont know what dificulty they want before they are in the mud of things from m opservasion and years of dev.
But then some of these options still don't work for everyone. There's idiot completionists like me who want to get every permanent reward (every moon, every achievement, every level completed), but don't necessarily have the skills to overcome the challenges. I can throw myself at a game for hours and make little progress, and I'll resent the game for it.
Invisible Difficulty Setting made me think the hidden difficulty modifier in Resident Evil 5, where at least reaction commands depend on overall performance on at least Normal, and Godhand's DIE meter, where a higher DIE level makes does harder but nets more reward and you can lower it to 1 with the Grovel skill.
There's nothing more frustrating than dying a lot and then having the game pity you, NO! I don't want your damn tanooki suit!
LOL, "MARE-e-oh".
The way you pronounce Mario as Märio was very distracting to me as a German XD   Not distracting enough to not enjoy the video, but I kept thinking about it.
Was replaying all these Mario games necessary for your review? Asking because there are numerous studies and research papers published on this topic. Wouldn't referencing them be both more comprehensive and informative than replaying the games yourself?
This made me think about shields in Dark Souls games. Not directly related, but always felt that if I suck at dodging, I can always go Strength + shield and avoid the rolling mechanic, just face tank the boss, block attacks and play my way, probably easier, but my own way, and how From Software gave me the hand in Elden Ring and even put a whole mechanic into shields making me even happier
It seems like Nintendo doesn't really do difficulty settings with there first party games. I wish more games had them especially nowadays.
Show of hands; who here earned a "World 9 Challenge" patch from NOA/NP for completing The Lost Levels without warping? ✋😃  Interesting subject, for sure. The original Japanese names of the Special World courses reinforces your point even further that they're meant specifically for skilled players. 👌 Oh, and fun fact: The timer 'ticks' in New Super Luigi U are actually longer than in the game proper... The perceived time crunch is greater than the reality, which is really clever.
I hope SMW difficulty means nintendo learned how skilled players actually want to just have the higher difficulty, and not bother with going through the easy mainline story.
The way you are saying Mario is horrendous. It’s like knives ear fucking my ears, but good video.
On one hand, yes, skilled players shouldn't give to temptation, but on the other, imagine the anger of a 12 year old who spent hours grinding to do it itemless only for their younger sibling to grief it. And do it without malice or stupidity too!
It’s always really bothered me how character selection has played into difficulty in Mario games. To my knowledge, every time this was a feature, the “easy” character in question was always one of the female characters. Aside from Nabbit, of course.   Not only was it always a female character, it was always the ONLY female character playable in that game. To that point, the only game prior to Wonder that allowed more than one female playable character was 3D World and BOTH of them were arguably an easy mode with Peach’s float and Rosalina’s built-in attack. This always bothered me because I didn’t want to play on easy mode just because I’m a girl and want to play as a girl. I was so excited for these games to offer a female option only to realize that I was essentially playing an easier game than anyone who picked, say, Mario simply due to my character selection and nothing more.  I think Wonder fixed this issue, well… wonderfully! There are still baseline easy mode characters with Nabbit and the Yoshis, but I can also play as my favorite character without the implication that I’m just picking “the easy one.” I’ve loved playing as Princess Peach while still being able to try the difficult challenges without feeling invalidated.  There’s definitely still a lot of work and discussion to be done about why the female characters were always the “easy option,” but I’m really holding out a lot of hope for Princess Peach Superstar to push the narrative and not just be an “easy game for girls.” Because she deserves better and so do we.
Crash bandicoot did all of this in the 90s
YES! It is oddly soo comforting to hear you're not going to leave YT any time soon. Long Live Mark Brown!   Also, incredible video as usual. Inspiriation abounds.
Why can't we have both? A dynamic difficulty and a proper difficulty setting? Systems like new game + are amazing. Why should Nintendo or any game creator pretend they know what I will enjoy.
200 videos! Cheers! 🎉
hey game maker's toolkit those challenges actually make a return in mario maker 2, because of the fact that users can make challenges for win conditions
15:56 the White Tanuki suit also appears in 3D World!
Outstanding video, editing etc… Amazing storytelling and detailed research!
In what world are tubular, groovy, and way cool 90s terms
5:03 now THAT is a skill issue
Same 10 second loop of background music for 7 minutes
I don't think you can put this kind of granular difficulty options is any game. I think it was only possible because Mario was so simple in nature. For example, I've seen players struggling with Baldur's Gate 3 who are entirely new to D&D, but I don't think there were anything Larian could've done outside of fixing the tutorials.
Early star coins were dragon coins from super mario world.
2:03 Anyone else scroll down to the comments expecting to see Jan Misali?
I think another factor in the "blue pipe" is the power-ups.  Sometimes they are needed to got secret stuff, but sometimes they just make the level easier. Think about the cape feather and the Blue Yoshi in Super Mario World and how they turn even the hardest levels in a breeze.
awesome video !!
Donkey kong country returns, my favourite platformer. That game was HARD, then you gotta get those letters in each level to unlock an extra hard level for each area, then unlocks a final level that unlocks mirror mode, which lets you play the game with just one heart, and no diddy kong and flipped left to right. It just never stops going it's so good. The fact that expert players can play thigs that normal players may not even know they exist kinda boosts the ego. On the other side, if you needed help, you had the shop where you could spend all the coins for extra lives, huge powerups that can make you much more resistant, and there's even the super guide that lets you skip levels, once you die a lot. W monkey game
3d land took away the star shine of the assist box ever APPEARS, not just if you use the power up. I didn't know that when i played it and ope 6 dull stars
Yeah, Super Mario Land the cherryy on top. My first video game ever in the age of 6 <3
Maybe I missed it, but I’m surprised you didn’t mention storing power-ups in NSMB (and to some extent, SMB3) as a blue pipe feature.
I’m annoyed at character-based difficulty in the mario games because I just want to play as my favorite character, but have the same challenge.
Where is super mario brothers partners in time?!?!
Unfortunately Yoshi's Island's system doesn't work too well for lowering difficulty for less skilled players. I saw my cousin panic as soon as the baby started crying then end up in a pit or lava many a time.
I personally love when games reward you with useful power-ups and such for very difficult levels. One of the things that drives me to complete them all is to see how hard I can destroy the final boss with those super powered weapons and abilities that I otherwise wouldn't have gotten.   At that point, the skill I've accumulated through the challenges would've already made the story finale much easier anyways. This adds some extra satisfaction, even if it sometimes breaks the stories, when the main character has been running around doing needless challenges while the fate of the world's at stake and people are dying
Always been fun and easy with maybe a few exceptional levels but, the damn wonder ideas that came from the mario maker levels were not so good, the game was too easy and also the finding invisble blocks and pick a path with pipes level was awful, so they've not done too well with some of those levels as well as way too short "break levels"
The only thing I'll say is Yoshi's Island is definitely NOT easy lol
The problem with active difficulty vs. settings difficulty is it takes more time to program. Settings difficulty than just altering numbers, but active difficulty is completely worth it.  Imagine in Pokemon they had an active difficulty, which, wouldn't be so difficult to do. The game can keep track how much damage the player is doing/avoiding damage and how much damage the player is taking, as well as keeping track of item usage. Obviously an experienced player will try to use Pokemon with an advantage as much as possible, while newer players might just try pressing the A button to win.  The game can have much higher level Pokemon with stronger movesets naturally, from the start keeping the game challenging to experienced players.  But the difficulty for newer players or players that are struggling, will have a lot of "luck" in the new players favor. A player that is struggling, will hit criticals/not be critted more often, apply status effects more often, moves with a chance to miss will be adjusted, opponents might not select the optimal attacks, Pokeballs have a higher chance to catch are just a few examples how the game can change it's difficulty.  Honestly why a series like Pokemon doesn't do this just baffles me, as RNG's make it very clear and easy to track good performance and bad performance.
26:51 we already have this! it's the run button
You talk about star coins like they introduced that concept to Mario games. You're forgetting dragon coins from Super Mario World.
mario could easily have a difficulty setting just like ever other game out there, its not special or unique in any way to prevent this lol
I usually like your videos but the backing music in this is awfully distracting
Just stumbled on this video, and it is excellent, but that guys hair is WILD
Didn't the star coins actually originate with Super Mario World SNES in the form of Yoshi Coins?
Quite interesting video, for those interested in diving more on this idea of difficulty inside the game I would suggest to read Jenova Chen Flow in games thesis, where he talks about active flow adjustment through embed choices into gameplay.  Other examples of games with similar strategies is Flow, Journey, Celeste, The witness and many others
The thumbnail for this video is really good. Full of interesting details, indicating a level of quality, yet still clean and readable. Great work, whoever made that 💯
Congratulations on your 200th video
If you're counting other things as star coins, they stated showing up as yoshi coins in Super Mario World.
Im not too familiar with the full imementation of these in practice as im not a fan of platformers so ive not played mario in decades. But the tanuki suit and luigi guide things sound like super patronising features that rob you of the satisfaction of overcoming a challenge and would absolutely infuriate me and ruin the game for me if you cant turn off them completely so they dont even get suggested from the options
yoshi's woolly world would have fit quite well in this game, but guess that one is not necessarily a mario game, unlike yoshi's island which is one, informative video, i enjoyed the watch
The pipe model reminds me of 2d sonic level design where the higher parts of the level are faster but harder to manoeuvre and the lower parts are slower but easier
I think another thing Nintendo does really well, is letting you take help without feeling like you're being coddled. The Switch Block Palaces feel like something you earned, by beating the level before them. You earn P-wings, and clouds by beating Airships. You get to the warp zone, by finding hidden exits.
i was today-years-old when i found out about bronze stars in galaxy 2
I wholey disagree that you said that collectables add difficulty levels to a game. In a good handful of Mario games, collectables like stars are required to progress, or in 3d land, you need a certain amount of medals to unlock more levels, making it a requirement,  not a optional challenge.
Very insightful Video❤
There was a Galexy 2!!!! I'm regetting trading in my WiiU
the last challenge level of mario wonder is where boys become men
This video was just an excuse to play all Mario games
The three big coins are just the big hearts from Yoshi’s Story.
20:50 Oh my god someone who understands this. God of bore and horizon forbidden fun can learn from this man.
2:03 That's not as specific as it might seem at first glance. Where did you get that list from? Different sites display different games
It's funny, because i didn't even know how many easy parts Mario Games have. The only ones im aware of (and never using it) was dying to much, to let a Super item apear. Never seen Cosmic Spirit Rosalina, never seen Luigi showing me how to play the level. This is also a thing in Yoshi (Flying Winged Yoshi with unlimited Eggs) and Donkey Kong Games (Returns, where white Super DK plays the level for you)
I have similar mechanic for the game I am developing. Beating enemy the easy way will reward you less but beating them by exposing their weakspot will reward you higher. Ofc exposing the weakspot will be harder.
Great video and well done for all your achievments with this channel !
That pile of games bothers me.  You said "every main-line Mario game" and that pile has both a SM64 box, as well as two N64 cartridges. But SM64 was the only main Mario game for that system????
This was such a well-put together video. Thanks for all the hard work
I'm actually not too familiar with Mario games, I've only played 64, Odyssey and Mario Maker 1 and 2. My main problem with 64 and Odyssey is that I don't feel rewarded enough for completing everything. 64 lets you see Yoshi and gives you 99 lives and its like... 64 was my first Mario game so I don't know what this green thing is, and lives are kind of meaningless. Odyssey gives you a small cutscene saying "wow good job" which is cute and all but... I dunno, i want something cool you know?  Instead of Mario, I had Sonic games growing up. When it came to the 2D games, stages were typically divided into a high, middle and low route. You start on the middle route, which is medium difficulty. The high route is more challenging and the low route is easier. If you screw up your platforming on the high route you fall to the middle route, and if you screw up your platforming on the middle route you fall to the low route. So the difficulty curve naturally sorts itself out.  If you want bonus difficulty, you try getting all the chaos emeralds. In some games this needs you to hit a checkpoint with 50 rings (so you have to avoid being hit). Some of the later ones have special hidden zones, which are usually in the middle or high routes to force you to play consistently well to even reach them. And of course, getting all 7 chaos emeralds unlocks Super Sonic and another boss fight to go with it which is cool. Heck, a lot of them even let you keep Super Sonic form every time you surpass 50 rings and that's a pretty cool reward!
An entire generation was traumatized by the "Tubular" level in Super Mario World
I think the best example of this philosophy is games that have you collect resources to build up your character/army like RPG and RTS games. RTS, especially. Speedrunning supreme commander with perfect micro and optimal build orders is infinitely harder than turtling for an hour and crushing everything with a deathball of experimental gunships. The interesting thing about Mario specifically, is that a precision platformer isn't really a genre that lends itself to this easily, which is why all these solutions had to be so inventive.
Dark Souls 2 does something cool like this too. You get a ring that breaks if you die while wearing it, but it prevents you from losing souls. Unlike DS1, the ring doesn't break permanently; it can be fixed for cheap at the starting hub, which is always easy to reach.   Being able to fix the ring also makes it a practically infinite resource, removing the fear that you might waste a valuable consumable item.  This all means that if you find the game too difficult, you can essentially negate the biggest punishment for dying by paying a few souls instead. However, the ring occupies an equipment slot, so the player is always tempted to replace it with something more powerful.
I like being rewarded for doing hard levels, it can help you to try them in the first place, like heading out of your comfort zone to get a special reward. not a badge you will never see (except on the title screen) or more challenge. One good way of doing that probably would be Costumes/Cosmetic Items, that make you feel special while playing the game, or unlocking special powerups you can use in levels you already finished or maybe to help out other players.
This is a good video
I cant find a copy of 3d all stars, can you give me yours?
Amibos are also difficulty modifiers. They particularly make Mario Odyssey and BotW & TotK much easier.
There's no I in NNTENDO
12:10 cant help but point out with that background footage that sunshine is (sadly) one of the only 3d mario games that has a large amount of required stars. you have to get the first 7 shines in each world (barring glitches and one somewhat possibly intended skippable shine). it's an aspect that really holds the game back to me despite my love for it mechanically and in area design.
I would say the Star Coins actually originally started in Super Mario World as the Yoshi Coins.
variable difficulty is amazing and nintendo has mastered that art by  going the extra mile and the pay off are games that everyone can enjoy equally because they can experience them in the way that suits them specifically and in the end that's the reality of players they come in all shapes and skill levels. every game can and should have difficulty options even if sometimes that can be a bit of a challenge to implement on some genres  but if nintendo can make it work on platformers of all things everyone can do it
The Sunshine Secret Course music only looping 4 measures during the Making The Game More Difficult section is driving me bonkers, Mr. Brown.
good video
He left out a very big important one. In super Mario bros 3, toad house items were tuned to the challenges ahead, and reset to give a prize again every continue.
I mean I'm not sure it's fair to call the switch palace in Mario World as an easy world because you literally need it to get certain secret exits leading to star road
I would like to see a toad shop like toad house. 1 coin per level win. 1 coin per death. Discounts on items based on how you died most when using a continue and going back to the map.
ahhhhh hell naw now with the knowledge of switch palaces and p-wings being easy-mode features i wanna replay smb3 and smw the hard way
It's not quite as sneaky, but I've always really loved the difficulty system in Hades. God mode is a little boring but with the way that damage is always relevant to why you died it does the job, but I love how the Heat system allows you to push yourself as far as you want to, and I think it's balanced right so that most players can try things out and finish a few runs and not generally feel too pressured to do anything they don't find fun. I for example hate the time pressure of Tight Deadline, so I very rarely use it but the customizable nature of the heat gauge means that I never feel pressured to make the game more stressful by using it.
We used to call that "world 1" or "world 7" and it was never an issue.  Many of these "later innovations" are just Legacy of the Wizard character selection. With that one dog dragon family pet thing being Invincible.
2:04 "all the mainline Mario games" jan Misali intensifies
Congrats on 200 episodes, Mark! I don’t know how often you hear it, but thank you so much for all the hours and effort you’ve poured into your work over these past years. The information is always helpful, and the content always presented in a high-quality and concise manner. It’s so awesome having such a high quality resource available for free, and I’m really grateful for it.
"Groovy" is from the 60s and 70s. Tubular was the 80s. By the 90s, these things were *only* said ironically.
So the star coins originated as Yoshi coins, which started in Super Mario World. Red coins originated in Yoshi's Island.
Kind of a silly thing to mention, but you don't have to go all the way to the lifts to get the 1up in SMB1 1-2. You can just bust a brick in front of and/or behind the block (depending on whether you hit the block on the left or the right) and it will fall down for you.
They still missed the mark on Wonder imo. It had a decent balance but 90% of the game is a breeze even for adults who don't really game. The secret world imo needed to be a full fledged world of its own. Even out of the 8 courses only half of those are actually challenging to complete. At the very least a bonus mode with simple challenge maps a la mario maker would have been satisfying. Or allowing creation or modifiers or something to the current course to increase challenge would have been nice. Creation would have been a satisfying fix to this problem but of course rather than a feature of a mario game that's a separate 60$ game on it's own.
2:06 but what counts as a mainline entry hmmmmmmmmm
Congrats on 200 episodes!
The P switches were to get to secret areas. Usually they didn't even benefit you until after you completed the level anyway
it's really nice seeing that mario wonder has things like nabbit, because when i was a kid i had both super mario galaxy and new super mario bros wii and never got very far in either, i wasn't good at all and the lives system stressed me out and i always get a bit sad when i remember i kind of missed out on enjoying those games because they were too difficult for me
I'm no Mario expert, but I do like to 100% XD
The part at 1:55 is so exaggerated with the word *a bunch* _I love it_
Worth mentioning is how Odyssey's complex but intuitive movement and level layouts lets more experienced players intentionally make the game harder on themselves. A game in which mastery is a reward in and by itself. It's forgiving for the inexperienced, but exhilarating for the experienced player.
The star coins I thought originated in Super Mario World as "Yoshi Coins"?
This explains why SMB 2 was so bad.
My hard mode is when my little brother was playing. You ever play a Mario game made entirely of falling platform, lava, and water levels?
5:09: I'd argue that it was introduced in Super Mario World with the 5 dragon/yoshi coins in each level.  The star coins are just an evolution of the coin hunting in SMW.
Congratulations on your 200th video!! Your content is so well developed, entertaining, and informative. :)
Peach is not a easy mode
Super Mario u has an extra hard mode. Give the Wii u pad to someone who is trying to kill you😂
I think the best way to approach this is to make optional worlds, which are explicitly labelled as an optional challenge. Keep in mind that a lot of kids don't necessarily understand intent the way adults do. You might believe it's obvious that it's not optional, while a kid may think "Damn, I need to do this stage now?! It's way too hard!"
Thumbnail resembles 8 bit music theory
Just wanted to point out that New Super Mario Bros DS doesn't contain any additional level, unlike you stated at 8:50 . Unless you count the  secret challenge mode as an additional world. It's a fun video none the less. I just now start to think that most Mario games aren't as easy as they might look, and this video explains very well what you might've missed. Thank you for pointing out those little things I haven't noticed about the game character I grew up playing the most.
Sonic has done this "3 pipe system" since the first installment. Literally in every level there is this 3 level system, the higher you can stay in the levels the more challenging it is, and you drop down if you cant hang. Its extremely organic.
The "change the difficulty of the entire course" idea made me think of how the game "will you snail" handles it, by constantly trying to predict the player's skill level and making the game easier when they spend long on a level but harder when they go through a level quickly.
I think with Wonder, Nintendo erred on the side of caution and made the game mostly easy. Even the final-final level isn't something I would say is brutal like past Mario final-final levels. There was also not much incentive to use other badges, which I feel was a failing of the level design. It would have been cool outside of those badge challenges to force players to utilize a specific badge to get a Wonder Seed or something.
Another way optional challenges present themselves are shortcuts for those who can use the advance movesets. Especially in Odyssey where you can skip large, easy sections of levels by performing challenging jumps with cappy
Experience players have to go through the easy game first to unlock the challenging levels?  Yes, that’s correct, but we don’t mind. We enjoy the creativity that went into making the game.   I’m personally happy with a few “hard” levels.
Something I really like about Wonder's badges that you didn't touch on is how the expert badges aren't *just* challenges. With Invisibility, yes, you do lose the ability to see yourself on the screen, but so do the enemies in the level - they won't attack you (though touching them still damages you). Jet Run makes you dash *really fast* whenever you're moving, but you also gain the ability to jump in mid-air for a bit after running off a ledge. Spring Shoes gives you additional height to your jumps, and can actually make some levels *easier* if you know how to use it properly.
The Yellow switch is definitely close to an "easy mode", since it adds a bunch of backup blocks to select levels and those blocks are always guaranteed to have a mushroom in them, but the Green and Red switches are hidden behind somewhat obtuse or difficult level exits and are almost a hard requirement to complete the Star Road/Special levels outside of understanding and implementing more advanced techniques.  While Star Road and Special are definitely the "hard mode", something unique about Super Mario World is that there doesn't feel like there's any sort of easy mode added to it outside of what Mario 3 already introduced in bypassing *some* levels on the map (and even then, Mario World has far fewer skippable levels). I'd go as far as to assume that the only consideration taken for making the game easy is the fact that you could save your progress.
👏👏 Congrats on 200th video
20:51 Gotta love Nntendo
"It's fine if it pops up when you're on the verge of tears but not if it comes up earlier" I played megaman X and megaman zero, which are games so hard that I *would* be on the verge of tears, eventually my will would die, and the new state of exhausted calm would let me beat the level-- having given up all hope deadens the nerves so much I can get through.  Moving onto Mario, being given a way out always brings up a "how dare you" feeling like the game is making fun of me. It's cheeky, like I'm being teased. I never realized so much thought went into ensuring that I didn't feel that way!
mAHrio
Ratchet and Clank has a great invisible adaptive difficulty. There is a podcast on youtube about it.
I'd love to hear your thoughts on Hollow Knight's approach to difficulty and where they got it right and wrong. I'm a competitive FPS player with minimal platforming/metroidvanias. I overall loved the challenge and most bosses were not frustrating (although some closer benches would be helpful). What I did not like was the insanely hard White Palace platforming without heals. That segment alone outright gatekeeps an entire major portion (and my favorite so far) of the game from the majority of players. Also, some of the exploration could be a bit more obvious, like the breakable walls in non-standard areas. The shaking effect that downwards dive breakable floors have is an excellent example of this done well. Last comment is that I wish the lore was a bit better explained because the story is fantastic and the lore gives you some real options for how to change the story. But most players aren't going to look up the lore and you almost certainly can't glean it from a normal playthrough. I'd be surprised if most players even knew the consequences of a standard playthrough compared to the other endings. I don't necessarily want God of War level hand-holding, but a little non-spoiler guidance would have been much appreciated here
I think the first instance of "Star Coins" was actually the Dragon Coins from Super Mario World. Which grants you 1 extra life after collecting all 5 on the level. Later on Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2, it was rewared with a sort of game+ experience after collecting all coins in all levels
Star coins? Yoshi coins?
23:03
>The star coins, formally introduced in New Supe on DS   ...Which were reskinned Yoshi coins, even down to using the same sound effect...
Great video! Congrats for 200 episodes! Now I want to go and have myself another Mariothon!
I understand that Super Mario Bros 2 was an oddity in all the things that led to it's US release.  But even if it wasn't the best game, I think it's important to remember that it did add a lot of elements to Mario canon that remain to this day.  Luigi's slippery running and fluttering high jump, Peach floating through the air, characters like Birdo...
Ok so kind of a hot take but I feel most of the easy pipe options are ok HOWEVER I really don't like when some character are easier then others some people want to play as a character because they like said character but making them the easy setting ruins the fun if you just wanted to play as that character.
I didn't even know the Lost Levels had a world 9 until right now. I guess Super Mario All-Stars even has a World A after World 9
What youtubers are retiring?
Congratulations to getting this far along in the game and still sticking with it!
21:15 One problem with the golden invincible tanooki suit in 3D Land is that you lose a star on your save game if it just show up on your gameplay, even if you will never take it. Just showing up will invalidate your save slot to ever reach the true 100% state. And this is just stupid, because the game punish you for something you have no control, after a certain ammount of deaths, the game just decide that "no, you will not get the 100% in this save, sorry" and you have to start the game from the beginning to have another chance at getting the real 100%.
The first invisible difficulty setting I ever experienced actually came from the Naughty Dog Crash Bandicoot games. If you keep dying in certain levels then more checkpoints would be created and more protection masks are given to the player. It's a little thing that nudges the player to be able to finish the stage with a little help without completely taking away the feeling of accomplishment.
14:20 this starcoin was my worst nightmare as a kid
Worst example of this I've seen was in God of War 2.  Was playing on the hardest difficulty, and kept dying at a platforming section as it only takes two hits to die.  Game kept stopping and saying:  "Would you like to lower the difficulty? (This only affects combat)"  So frustrating
More like "missing 1 or 2 thirds of a game".
it's not Mary-O and there's only one i in aluminum. We need to start calling these people out
8:35 thanks for clarifying the “you can now play as Luigi! meme!” u did a better job at explaining the meme then a YouTube search! Now I don’t have to buy the game just to figure it out myself!
Thoroughly enjoyed the video, and the comments, despite never having played any of these titles.  [Dr. Mario is my only Mario game.]
SMO has assist mode too...
Oddly I recall GMTK pushing for explicit difficulty settings or scaling enemies in Elden Ring, when ER does almost everything outlined in this three-pipe analogy and more, seeing as you can outlevel most problems. I wonder what Mark would say about it upon revisiting the game.
I pictured Tom Scott until you showed your face
Another example of this philosophy is Dark Souls: humanity and souls serve as the upper and lower pipes.  A player who avoids dying, or at least ever losing their bloodstain, accumulates humanity to unlock covenant bonuses, get more rare item drops, and get a small boost in power. And similarly, a player who dies a lot gets more chances to grind up souls from each run through an area, accumulating extra levels to unlock both more power and more options. Summoning signs represent an even more aggressive lower pipe, though the requirement to be human obscures it quite a bit.
Yoshi's Island in one of the most extreme examples of this. It's one of the easiest games I know of, but when you try to get all melons and stars it becomes a completely different BS of a nightmare. Great stuff.
2:23 i know it may sound silly, but hearing you say "for the 200th time" really made me happy, thinking about how you get to make these enjoyable, high quality videos about topics you clearly enjoy, and how you'll get to keep making them for as long as you want. Wish you the best, for you, your videos, and the game you're making
That's a neat T-Shirt. But seeing all those icons made me wonder.... what happened to your ICONS series? There were just two or three episodes of that, right? Does anybody know why there wasn't more?
I feel like some of the contribution to the well known "every copy of Mario 64 is personalized" legend is coming from young players' experience with moving between those metaphorical pipes without realizing they exist. And in a sense it does make gameplay personalized, just on a level of a playthrough or a save file, not the code itself.
You're forgetting that the star coins were first introduced in Super Mario World where they called them Dragon coins You have to collect five of them without dying once in the level because if you die after grabbing the checkpoint you lose all the coins that you grabbed and therefore you can't get them all without somehow restarting from the beginning of the level also you do need to grab all five of them if you don't it'll make you grab all five of them again unlike the newer games wherever you collect one it'll count as collecting that particular one for the next time you replay that level.  Along with the fact that the timer seems way too short in that game so I'm often dying by the timer unlike in other games holy crap Mario World might be the hardest game behind obviously lost levels.
THERE WAS AN EASY MODE IN SUPER MARIO LAND 2?
I don't think I've ever seen New Super Mario Bros U's *helper mode* being used as anything other than a versus/troll mode, where the one with the game pad is actively trying to hinder or kill the other players
Interesting take on "Easy Mode" for some of the easter eggs in the early Mario games like SMB1. Being able to skip worlds by finding the warp zone definitely makes the game easier, but it's also not something a beginner player would likely find. I always saw those as easter eggs rather than taking the easy mode route.
I dont agree on this one we have a lot if mods showing that making a game like mario is possible too, you can make enemis more aggressive spawn more move faster make some areas untouchable to increase hardness
I enjoy games with no difficulty settings more than games that have them
Amazing video!! Love ur return to this format, it’s refreshing (I like a mix of formats). One critique: something in me needs to tell u that u forgot the I in Nintendo at 24:50. Sorry I just had to say something
footnote: Sunshine only lets you delay shines. The shine count is not what matters for progression. Optional shines cannot be substituted in.
Yoshi coins before Star coins
This is why Nintendo have continued to be successful. They're always focused on the players and the player experience. Gameplay first.
Meanwhile in wonder they made a games urinalist difficultly.
8:50 NSMBDS doesn’t have a bonus world!!!  Great video! Interesting to see how each game tackles this challenge
you forgot paper Mario !!
One of my fav parts about Odyssey is that it doesn't wait till the end to present challenges. A lot of the more basic movement sections can be skipped with more advanced movement and it makes replaying the game a lot more satisfying when you pull those off
I’m only here for mario gameplay
Will we have a how accessible were 2023's games video?
what you were talking about near the end is literally the wonder seed, changing the difficulty with the "switch of a button"
Did anyone else assume Mark Brown was like a distinguished 45+ year old with salt and pepper hair before seeing him? Had no idea he’d look that young
The interweaving pipes metaphor is interesting when considering how literal this becomes with how Sonic games tend to handle difficulty. They tend to have paths that weave in and out of themselves based on height, so a skilled player is generally on a higher, faster, but more difficult path. As you struggle you generally drop down to a lower physical stage that's easier to manage but nets a slower completion time.
The way the music loops is driving me crazy trying to focus on what he's saying ngl
Great video. I love SM games and basically have all my life. From casual play with friends to speed running. Only thing I would say tho is Standees aren't the same as check points.
It's not about making the game challenging, just gotta make whatever the player does feel rewarding.
I'm reminded of a negative review for Undertale where the reviewer said the game was disrespecting people who wanted a challenge by even offering ways to make the game easier.
what a good little video
The switch palaces in Mario World were able to be turned off after being turned on btw.
I don't like how Wonder handled it. Various levels of difficulty being offered all over the place since the start might seem like a good idea at first, but all it does is to drown out your sense of progress and accomplishment.  But the worst offender to me is the badge system. It's a huge missed opportunity to shape the levels around these gameplay increments - all we get in that sense are the badge challenges - and instead badges just serve as easy mode, which most advanced players would choose to forgo.
One game series that I believe encapsulates that developer's vision on adaptive difficulty really well, is the Rock Band series. Particularly in Rock Band 2, you can go through almost the entire "World Tour" mode with any instrument you choose, on any difficulty you choose. If you get to a song that's too difficult to play through, not only can you choose another, easier instrument for you, but you can lower the difficulty to make it more bearable. It's only in the last few stages of the game where it'll force you out of those lower difficulties.  There's even a no-fail mode for quickplay (they mention this feature a lot on the loading screen) that makes sure anyone of any skill level can pass even the hardest song without fear of betting kicked off the stage! And none of these features exclude players from certain challenges they may feel they're ready for. They can pick and choose as they play through the game.
The excrement of mantas is expelled as a cloudy stream of dark red plankton from its cloaca
Goddamn get a haircut or wear a hat if you're gonna be onscreen.
Re: star coins, I'd imagine the yoshi coins in super mario world are same idea? It's been so long since I've played though that I don't really remember if they had an additional role.  Also hidden difficulty settings: Pokémon nuzlockes. 😂
Amazing start, really excited for the channel this year
there should only be one pipe and it should be even harder than the hardest because dark souls is only good game and if its not super hard you're not a real gamer!!!!11one!1
No...people have been playing Mario's adventures since 1981. Just because he wasn't super doesn't mean he didn't exist.
The best games are the ones that start out easy, and get harder as you go along. Level 1 should be easy enough that a complete newcomer can beat it without hesitation, and the final level should be hard enough that even a pro gamer has trouble beating it.
Nothing breaks you as hard as when you die a few times and a  little "tip" show up on how to make it play itself 😂
the only place where Wonder kinda messed up is that there is no inherent reward for wearing the challenge badges other than your own sick satisfaction, to the best of my knowledge.  I feel like they were put in there purely for streamers lol
Ive never gotten that shadow rosalina geuss i didnt die enough in one stage lol
Congratulations on 200 videos!!!😄
What any Mario game still needs, is a higher difficulty for bosses. Because honestly, hopping at them 3 times can be done easily without damage
at 20:55 the spelling of Nintendo was wrong, Idk if it was just me that saw that but yeah
Your videos have dropped in quality, this just feels like worshipping Nintendo doing very little
Bro. Your hair is getting tooooo tall 😂
I feel like star coins started with the dragon coins in Super Mario World, though they weren’t tracked in the same way as they were in later games
I much much prefer this kind of approach to difficulty as opposed to just a standard "easy, normal, hard" When confronted with difficulty options at the beginning of the game, I will always choose normal. In my head, normal is the intended way the game is supposed to be played, and the one with the most balanced design, while hard is just making every enemy an annoying bullet sponge. (I know this isn't always true, but this is what goes through my head when presented with the options)  But when presented with optional challenges, and risk reward type situations, I'll almost always take them I'm leaping into every big coin I see in mario games Moon berry, you mean requirement for beating celeste? You'll see me hopping down every single chaos gate in hades, even though I rarely consider the rewards beneficial  I am completely satisfied with my deck in dicey dungeons but let's go fight every single enemy to check all the chests anyway  I LOVE making difficult risky plays in games. Half the time I don't even care for the reward, I just love the challenge  It's interesting, I think
I actually don't like the adaptive difficulty mentioned at the end of the video. It has already existed in some other games and I don't like when a game becomes easier without asking me (Like the Sonic Frontiers final boss giving me more lives when I want to keep trying it with just 3). I think having the game be able to be finished with low difficulty and giving the player optional assists (such as easy character or the assist badges) is the right balance of letting everyone finish the game in the way they choose.
Just want to say here that a boss keys for the new Prince of Persia would be dope. Definitely would be a crazy looking route tree
I didnt know the coins galore level existed in mario wonder and I 100% that game I guess I'm just that good 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎 lmao
Really good video! I just have one gripe: the background music was too loud and didn't quite fit the vibe.
awesome! now do Dark Souls!
i noticed a small typo at 20:57 where you misspelled nintendo as nntendo. not a huge mistake but just thought i'd point it out.
congrats on 200 videos :D
100%'d Wonder and Odyssey.  Both do difficulty well.
Tubular remains the hardest Mario level I've ever played. I think I beat it 1 time after hundreds of attempts.
You need to be carefull with this stuff. I've heard that if you repeat the words "all mainline mario games" three times, a certain youtuber will kick your door down and demand to know what exactly do you think you mean by that.
Mario Wonder is a bad example, as its simply too easy, even to absolute newbies, the challenge is so reduced and it offers nothing of a challenge at all.  Even children in my family did not enjoy that game for long, it needs some challenge at least, options to outright make it easier is good, but the default shouldnt be super easy without anyway option to provide a challenge.
Now see I thought this was a video on how to do the last part of the final run on Mario wonder (like a secret easy mode for the invisibility badge). Still, amazing video; watched it all.
I wouldn't like Nintendo having a feature that changes the level's difficulty with a press of a button, but instead that it had a dynamic difficult like how l4d2 does, that depending on your performance, it changes the level to make it harder or easier for you, but it doesn't do it in an exaggerated way to the point it might penalize beginners players that are doing well.
4:24 i didn’t even know that was there wtf
This is one reason why Nintendo is awesome!
The problem with optional objectives as a difficulty slider is that for many players nothing really _feels_ optional in a game. Sure, you don't have to get every star... if you don't care about finishing the game. I'm terrible at platformers, I'm probably not the target audience for the red pipe, but if I see a collectable I *have* to try and get it, even if it means beating my head against the wall trying.  I'd rather quit a game entirely than skip an objective.
Happy 200th episode 🎉🎉🎉
5:12 Actually, Super Mario World had the Dragon Coins which was the same concept, except with a yoshi instead of a star.
The boss design of mario odyssey is a great example of this, they have obvious vulnerable moments, but can also be hit during some attacks, providing a nice optional challenge for players.
He talks all this talk about mechanics that make the game more difficult but never mentions the two hidden worlds in New Super Mario Bros DS. Specifically in World 3 and 6 where you need to beat the entire final level, bosses included, as Mini Mario where you jump higher, can't normal stomp enemies, and die in one hit. All so you can drop down the extremely tiny hole at the end of the level and make your way to the hidden world below. It's such a brilliant inclusion of optional challenges in video games that he just completely skips over. What the heck man.
The music around 18:00  I thought it was a OST from Blinx
When playing mario wonder me and my friends did not realize that the different characters would change the game, and because yoshi and nabbit are the cutest ones, all four of us chose yoshi or nabbit, which ended in us being quite dissapointed at how little challange the game offered and how little variation in power ups etc there was. Only later when plaing the game alone did I realize we had accidentially played on easy mode. I think the idea is not bad, but from my test group of four people none of us noticed any sign that choosing those characters would change the game, so I think it needs to be more clearly communicated that that is the case
Kind of building on what you're saying about preset, selectable difficulty and invisible difficulty settings...  Last year we released our first game on Steam: a shoot 'em up / STG / shmup called Schildmaid MX. We didn't make a game in this genre because 2D shooting games are easy to make (making a good one actually isn't easy at all and the best shmups are complex bits of design and programming work in a way that isn't always clear to observe by the average onlooker), but because we genuinely love these types of games.  The challenge was: a relatively successful shmup has an almost built in audience of hardcore players that are looking for the next game to challenge them... but we also wanted our game to avoid the brick wall difficulty that typifies the genre and be more welcoming to newcomers, while not betraying that audience.  So we decided to cut the content of our game, consisting of a large set of stages that gradually increase in diffiiculty, up in various game modes of varying challenge levels. So if you pick the easiest mode, it's not "baby difficulty" but its very own mode with its very own set of stages and other quirks and characteristics that make it a somewhat different experience from the other, harder game modes, which all also offer their own, individual experiences. This even makes the easiest mode interesting for veteran shmup players as it gives them the breathing room to get to grips with the very specific enemy bullet absorbing mechanics of our game and understand what it is exactly that we are asking from them and how it differs from the shmups they are used to.  Aditionally, save for one mode that is a 10 minute continuous, uninterrupted gauntlet, each mode has an optional harder route that is only accessible when the player meets certain, more challenging conditions. Then, layered on top of everything, we have incorporated an arcade game staple: a invisible difficulty slider that increases when the player makes progress without losing lives, to ensure constant pushback and friction, and drops just as fast when a player makes regular mistakes and loses lives along the way.  We like to think that we made a game that caters to a large variety of player skill levels and encourages and motivates players to keep pushing to get better and try the harder modes, without diminishing their accomplishments in the easier modes. And it was at least recognised by PC Gamer journalist Will Freeman who wrote a recommendation article on our game in the magazine focused on how Schildmaid MX reframes difficulty: https://twitter.com/HitPStudio/status/1682117719745855492
Quote from Koichi Hayashida, Nntendo... That's a weird way to spell Nintendo.
While it was briefly mentioned I think it's worth expanding on the idea of the run button (A pretty big deal when you only have 2 playable buttons). Most of the time when you are having difficulty with a level, slowing down will naturally make it easier. It give you more  time to process enemy placement, level layout and check blocks for hidden power ups. It work for making the game harder too. While running you have less time to react thus increasing the difficulty. This synergizes very well with the theory of flow because the player will instinctively adjust their pace so the games difficulty is closer to their skill level, neither too boring or too overwhelming. So personally I think they already found the single button solution to scale difficulty.  Also I think the warp pipe in Super Mario Bros. on the NES actually ramps the difficulty up. The game does a pretty good job of incrementing the difficulty gradually, so warping causes a difficulty spike. Also because of game over sending you back to the first stage, collecting more coins and lives give you more chance the clear the latter levels. I realized that when I notice that the first time I ever beat the game was when I was not using the warps.
Something that wasn't mentioned: how fast you play each level.  Confident players will choose to go faster and will die because of it, but every death feels fair and you are never forced to slow down. Your own confidence (or hubris) decides the speed, or difficulty, of the level. This is obviously the case for most games, but I feel that mario games are unique in how optimised they do this. Giving you a "freedom of speed" as it were.
One exception to the freeform collectible requirement structure in the 3D mario games is Sunshine. The first seven shines in every major level are MANDATORY so you absolutely cannot skip Pianta Village for example. This was probably done due to time restraints as otherwise the devs would likely have designed it the same was as 64. The game is very glitchy and unbalanced in some levels so the idea I assume was to leave the ones that fared the worst as optional and the reasonably finished ones on the 'critical path'.
Mario Wonder doesn't follow this path. It's the easiest Mario game I have played.
Great video Mark, Was entertaining for sure
Sonic the Hedgehog, meanwhile, quite literally has 3 paths through it's levels, with the top path requiring precise jumping and lots of skill to stay on, but it also often being the least dangerous path, with the bottom path being the most dangerous, but always available, and requiring far less precision to navigate.
That wh ny new nintendo difficulty fail.. 90% of content is too easy so no challgenge.. And you have to finish 100% to have some challenge for only 10% (when old mario game like super mario world add some difficulty in the current game) WIth a lot of game publish I don't have time to wait the post game..And more over it's just a way to make the player replay the entire game to colect some stuffs
In games like Super Mario World and Donkey Kong Country, I'd argue that the bonuses you are awarded like lives are actually there for the exact opposite reason. It's not optional challenges for experts, but encouragement for newer players to try doing something new or harder. I know that the original DKC has me scrape on by sometimes but then I get rewarded because maybe 1 or 2 deaths are now refunded by my skillful bounces off the kremlings and what have you. It's a risk reward system in that way, can you get the bonus health or lives that you'll probably need before a boss tosses you into a game over.
Ten years? Man, seems like yesterday I found your first few videos. I know Mario/nintendo games are your wheelhouse for this game, but the difficulty discussion got me thinking of a game called Brigador. I wonder what you'd make of that, with it's three (arguably four, if you count weapon selection) difficulty tweaks before you even begin playing a level.
Another thing that's very hard to balance is the fact that every player has a different skillset. There are VERY few people who are good at every video game in general. Most have different skillsets, which might make them a pro at one style of game but absolutely abysmal in another. I have some of these extremes in my own gaming experience. I can keep up with the world's best players in my favorite game, but I couldn't fight my way out of a paper bag in a shooter.  I was very surprised when you used Yoshi's Island as an example of the easiest Mario game. For me, that was one of the hardest! I'd consider myself about average skill at Mario style platformers, but I just couldn't tackle Yoshi's Island. Yoshi's controls were difficult for me, the levels felt overwhelming and even the basic platforming like a serious challenge. The idea of a health system where you can win if you accomplish a task within a certain time limit felt punishing to me. I would get hit because I was struggling, and then the only way for me to save myself was to take on the even harder challenge of quickly reaching the baby in addition to the presence of the existing challenge I had just failed at. Even a game designed to be easy can still end up the opposite sometimes, depending on the mix of features present.
I feel like you missed a prime opportunity to call the difficulty "pipes" difficulty platforms, since in a typical platformer you have (at least what's referred to in the Mario community) semi solid platforms which allows you to jump up through them and in some platforms down jump to drop down as well, where as pipes do not allow traversal to other pipe lines. (New soup with the pick a path clear pipes are a whole other thing but not the visual you were using or metaphor either).
I think it should be noted how Sunshine was a step back in difficulty accessibility, because it no longer offers the flexibility that Mario 64 had. In Sunshine, you can temporarily stop making progress in a level to visit another one, but you will eventually have to come back and beat whatever shine you got stuck on, because the end of the game is unlocked after beating Shine number 7 in every main level, and each Shine within a level has to be unlocked in order. The silver lining is that, by moving on to different levels, the player may become more skillful over time so that they can return to the roadblock later, but I still wish I had been able to skip some Shines when I was a child. Additionally, any Shine that is not part of the mandatory 7 in a level, rewards you with (basically) nothing. Shine count only unlocks new levels, but once you have all levels available, the reward for collecting Shines becomes exclusively intrinsic. Even Blue Coins, which are fairly well hidden and interesting collectibles, only reward you with more Shines that do nothing. As much as I hold Sunshine dear to my heart, I think it's the Mario game that handled difficulty the worst, and it remains the only 3D Mario I have never had the motivation or interest to beat 100%.
is this the secret to marios jump?
Personally I feel like the "easy mode character" basically IS a traditional menu-based easy mode option, and I personally feel like players would be better served if it were treated as such. I would've loved to play through Super Mario Wonder as a Yoshi, but since Yoshi is designated as easy mode and I'm a veteran player, I had to stick to the main cast and ended up just playing as Mario. On the flip side, My nephew really likes Mario as a character, but might benefit from being able to use the assistance of the easy mode, so he has to choose between his favorite character and a difficulty mode that fits his skill, when he might be better served by just being able to select "No damage, but no power ups either" as an option that he could apply to Mario. Overall it's something that I'm glad is there, but that I think could've been handled in a slightly different way that would make the game a bit more enjoyable from an aesthetics perspective without sacrificing the gameplay benefits.
22:09 you said negative feedback loop here, but that's a positive loop you're describing
I was not expecting to see Pannenkoek's "Watch for Rolling Rocks" video here, but it is a welcome surprise
Yeah, the core issue with difficulty is what defines easy, normal or hard? this definitions are defined by gameplay mostly, so we'd need to search the game to find the source of difficulty and find way to make it easy OR find source of pleasure and find way to make it harder to control difficulty.  However, if Super Mario is going to have new mechanics, those definitions will have to change also and the difficulty control mechanic will change also.
Awesome video as always Mark! God, I really need to get a Nintendo and play some Mario. I haven't played a Mario game since 64!
Great video!  Also, thanks very much for saying Super Mario Brothers instead of Super Mario Broze.
Why has this gotten so inane?
Just gotta say, congrats on 200 Vids, GMTK! Thanks for educating all of us while keeping us entertained. You deserve each ounce of success you get!
Japanese game designers treat their players like children 😟 Jon Blow was right
congratuations!!!
@11:52 "You actually only need 70 of them to finish the game." About that...
nothing comes close to mario game design
12:15 altho sadly sunshine didn't respect the 3d mario's way of doing it, as to see the ending of sunshine you're required to get shine 7 in every main world, which is not communicated at all and if you played other mario games you would believe that it also depends on the number of shines, which is incorrect.
yeah and another thing is it never feels like im making the game easier atleast not as i experience it- when i got the p wing i saw it as a reward for my exploration cause id often try to take on every level. and p wing let me quickly unlock levels  so i can go back over it later. with more lives.
Dark Souls also got easy mode 😂
So, I couldn't help but notice there were two N64 cartridges in your pile of "mainline Mario games" and I'm just wondering what the second one is.
I'm not making a game at the moment, but I have learned a lot from your wonderful channel. thanks for everything that you do! (p.s., yes, I'll also buy some merch!)
Set optional challenges that require extra skill or special moves to beat, challenge the player to finish a section under specific criterium and reward titles if beaten with certain score. 11:13, 16:56,
Great video, sir! I am personally still waiting for your next Boss Keys video on Tears of the Kingdom's dungeons.
Congrats on 200!
that was an awesome video! some of the difficulty stuff was more obvious to me when i was younger (like super guides), but it never hit me that there was more subtle ones (like those power-ups and bonuses that take a little more risk to get)! cheers to 200 videos!
i think they did difficulty really well in wonder honestly, id consider myself an advanced player so i breezed through the whole main game with only 3 or 4 deaths with all the collectibles, but the special world was really challenging and i ended up spending nearly 2 hours on the last level. all of it was super fun though i think wonder is possibly the best 2d mario game
in 3d land in some of the street pass blocks you can get a 'p' wing, i got one of those and kept it for various levels as the secondary item, then i used it just to see how it works. I beat the game 100%, it seems using it ruined my whole run. Stars are normal and i have never used the golden tanuki in any game
10:05 this is wrong, the challenge version was planned to be the sequel, and Nintendo realised it would be too hard for Western audiences. So they slapped together a "doki-doki panic!" Rip-off, while releasing the harder version to Eastern audiences, and later on western audiences as a challenge, as part of the all-stars bundle.
I remember for New Super Mario Bros on DS, when I got stuck on a difficult part, I'd go back to Worlds 1 and 2 and work on getting star coins for a while, which meant I could open toad houses to give me more 1-ups per game over, which mattered a lot since you could only save at towers and castles. It was a change of pace and helped me realize how much I had improved at the game when the early levels were a breeze to get through even if the star coins were still tricky sometimes. Of course, I was like 12 at the time xD
the sunshine music loop is killing me
Edit: I just remembered that you have a video where you correctly identify and describe feedback loops, so it was clearly just a misspeak here. Useful all the same for anyones whos interested  "negative feedback loop" actually means a restoring feedback loop, not a bad feedback loop. Rubberbanding or weapons to shoot the first place player in racing games are an example of negative feedback loop, because if you are doing poorly it pushes you toward being better, and if you are doing better it pushes you towards being worse. It is a restoring towards the mean.  A positive feedback loop is one that pushes you in the direction you are moving, an exaggerating force. Getting extra lives for hard challenges is actually a positive feedback loop, because the rich get richer. Likewise a racing game where there were shortcuts you couldnt make if you are going to slow is still a positive feedback loop, because being in last pushes you further behind.  I am from a medical background so these technical differences really matter when talking about things like hormones and the nervous system, but I think its useful for clariry in talking about game design as well.  To add to this, negative feedback loop is often called "balancing feedback", and positive is called "amplifying feedback" or "exacerbating feedback", and I think these are both more descriptive and precise. Hope this was constructive :)
You bumped the table on purpose didnt you haha
"Everysingle mainline game in the Super Mario Bros series"  *Incoherant Jan Misali noises in the distance*
Mario Wonder has so many ways to make the game easier, I wish the designers had felt comfortable making the courses more difficult. I think every area with multiple levels to select from should have at least one very hard level, so skilled players can play that and unskilled players can skip it. There are some hard levels sprinkled in there, but not enough of them.
I found the music from around 5:00 to 10:00 minutes super irritating. The piercing high notes of the BGM randomly overpowered the commentary and made it hard to focus.
Sorry, but you missed the absolutely best way to increase the difficulty, which in my opinion is best exemplified in Odyssey, but also exists on Wonder and possibly other titles: make some advanced technique that is totally optional, but it is so incredibly fun to pull off that advanced players will WANT to use that challenging themselves to do faster and riskier routes, even if they are not speedrunning the game. All the crazy cap techniques in Odyssey are a perfect example of that. A platformer that is simply too much fun to...platform...
I'd love to see you do a video on how you could apply these same concepts to an RPG. I can imagine that it'll largely depend on the type of gameplay chosen and the story line for that matter, but I'm definitely going to have to think about this.
And then Nintedo flags this video to offer the highest challenge to any Nintendo fan: The Copyright Strike!
Jan Misali just off screen having a stroke when GMTK declares he's played "every mainline Super Mario game"
“Every mainline game in the Mario Series”…     Why do I hear the distant echoes of a cute fraud?
Congrats on 200 videos. This one was cute.
Great video. I just realized you’ve never made a video about the Pokémon games, and I think they’re ripe for a deep analysis! Lots of ingenius game design
i wish Wonder allowed multiple badges
My worst nightmare was in Mario galaxy 1 with Luigi. Specifically in the Dreadnought level with the purple coin comet .. omg did I loose my mind for HOURS tryna get every single coin . It doesn’t help either because I played on the Mario all stars release on switch and the controls are weird especially when the orientation of him changes with the gravity .. you push forward on your thumb stick and mf starts moving in circles or the wrong way instead of moving straight 🤦🏻‍♂️ it’s still my favorite Mario game but god damn does that specific level rub me the wrong way every time I wanna 100% it 😂🤌🏻
this also rings true for Soni the Hedgehog games
Congrats on the 200th episode ! Difficulty levels have been my main issue with Super Mario Odyssey, and to a lesser extent Super Mario 3D Land, which are the 2 most recent Mario Games I have played (except for Mario Maker but it feels like a different beast). Odyssey for me has a big issue with progression, the game is mostly easy with no real increase of difficulty safe for a few specific segments and bosses until you beat the game and get this really really tough bonus world. I did have fun with some of them, including Darker Side of the Moon, but I didn't feel the progression was well managed at all. It's like jumping from middle school level mathematics to bachelors degree algebra without much of a transition.
6:49 I've been playing through Super Mario Bros. Deluxe for the first time (honestly, the screen crunch isn't even that bad, you get used to it for most things), and YES the score requirement in the new Challenge mode is a TON of fun to try and hit. Thankfully to my surprise a lot of the score thresholds are rather tight and despite me being really proficient in Mario 1 (I can beat Lost Levels game-over-less with a double-digit life count pretty easily) I've rarely been getting them first try, and I'm only through World 5 in that mode so far! And that score threshold being actually challenging makes it SO much fun to try and hit, because thanks to how Mario 1's scoring works with the Timer, you have to be as fast as you can or else you won't get enough timer points, but you also still have to go out of your way to score as many points from chaining enemies, coins, power-ups, the top of the flagpole, etc. as you can without being slow or else you still won't have enough from the timer alone. It makes the score which was always ignored in Mario 1 before into something you have to directly engage with on a level-by-level basis (you also can't die in Challenge Mode or you restart the whole stage) and it's really fun and shows that when done right, the score and timer in 2D Mario aren't just an archaic relic and CAN serve a fun purpose.  This just makes me really appreciate Mario Deluxe's additions and I wish people talked about it more beyond "Mario 1 but you can't see crap lol."
Nntendo really knows their stuff!
I like to call the problem described as "proving your skill makes the game easier" the Piece of Heart problem, because Zelda has a similar issue. Pieces of heart are the most common reward for accomplishing sidequests and finding secrets, which means that the reward for proving that you are good at the game... is an item that lets you get hit more often, making it fundamentally pointless if you're already good enough to get secrets without it. Watching the heart gauge getting longer and longer until you have two nice rows of hearts is satisfying, but still.
I'm really not a fan of the way the post-game content is presented in Mario games. I get the appeal of letting more players reach the end of the story, but once the story is over, the content after often feels less thought out and less integrated into the otherwise carefully considered flow of the game. Having an easy campaign and then mega-hard post-game content also creates a gulf in satisfaction of players who are between these two skill levels. I experienced both of these issues most acutely in 3D World. I beat the campaign (satisfying) and then began what felt like an unfun slog through less interesting, less engaging, less contextual post-game content until I petered out as it got too hard at the end (extremely unsatisfying). Because of the way they structure post-game content, a lot of Mario games leave me with a bad taste in my mouth when I'm done playing them, I remember this with Galaxy 2 as well. I recently 100%'ed Wonder and didn't feel this - I think because a lot of the harder stuff was integrated more into the flow of the individual worlds and there were relatively few post-game levels that felt better integrated into the world so they didn't wear out their welcome or feel tacked on. Another thing Wonder did that helped with the feeling of the post-game content was make almost all of what you needed to 100% a level relatively straightforward and readily available while you're playing or just after you've beaten a that level. So you can get a sense of the pace of a level and go backwards to check that you didn't miss anything, and get a sense of what is missing as soon as the level is over, taking a cue from Yoshi's Island. So if you have an interest in 100%'ing the game, you can knock most of it out as you're playing as a matter of course, so it reduces the amount of that you might need to do at the end (aka slog to make numbers go up) while you're trying to knock out the requirements to get to the last level.
What I love about 3D Mario’s collectible-based progression is that not only does it allow the player to regulate the difficulty, but it also ensures that they’re always having fun. Have a level that you don’t particularly like? Just skip it. Is there a star that you find frustrating? Skip it.   That’s why I think Sunshine is the worst 3D Mario, it removed your ability to choose your path of progression. In order to finish the game, you need to collect specific shines from specific levels, with no room for deviation. Any other sprite you collect does nothing to progress you towards the end of the game. This means that if there is a shine that you don’t like collecting, or there is a level that you don’t find fun, too bad. You have to do it anyway.
12:15  In sunshine's case, yes this SORT OF applies, but the way you have to progress basically goes against this approach. If you want to reach the final boss, you have to get the 7th shine (AKA Shadow Mario Shines) in every world.  This wouldn't sound so bad, if it weren't for the fact that you're forced to complete the first 6 shines to even get there... and buddy, some of these "early" shines are stupidly difficult, and there is 0 way around them.
200... wow, good job
Is there a typo? There is no i in Nntendo.
Happy 200!
I think an under-appreciated example of invisible difficulty settings is the very first Assassin’s Creed and how choice of blade for combat affects damage potential.  If you are using your long sword, you can dependably initiate direct attacks but deal lower damage, and you have a wide window on timing to counter enemy attacks but again deal lower damage. Enemies in turn tend to take their time launching attacks and if you fail a counter they only deal one segment of damage to your health bar so it makes them pretty easy to manage.  With the short blade you can initiate direct attacks and deal comparable damage to the long blade, but attack much faster so can kill enemies faster and your counter attacks also do significantly more damage. However, your enemies are more aggressive about launching attacks on you, the window to counter is much shorter and if you fail a counter they deal THREE segments of damage to your health bar.  Using the signature hidden blade weapon takes all of the above to the extreme. You can no longer initiate direct attacks, only counter. The window to do that is incredibly small and if you fail, they will deal five segments of damage. Enemies are again more aggressive so you have to be on your toes to nail those counters, and the exact timing is slightly staggered on their attacks so you can’t just get in a rhythm of countering predictably every five seconds or something. If you DO nail the counter window though, you instantly kill the enemy, far and away the fastest means to do so in open combat.  These have a tangible effect on difficulty, but also how badass you feel playing the character. Sticking with the longsword is safe and will get you through any combat encounter typically, but those fights take a while to get through. On the other end, hidden blade essentially puts the game on a very hard difficulty, and if you aren’t adept you’ll die in seconds, but if you master it and perform well, you clear fights in seconds and it feels very satisfying in general as well as making you feel that much more like you are embodying who the character is as an assassin that quickly and instantly takes down targets.  None of this is ever explained in detail, you just figure it out, but I loved the game for that.
Personally i think the best solution would be to introduce a after___amount of deaths powerup that allows you to edit checkpoint placements, im confident i could beat every stage ive ever used a invincible tanooki suit or a super guide to skip if i could just move the respawn point past all the stuff in the stage I’ve mastered and instead to the challenge im trying to overcome. It just gets tiring having to redo long parts that I already get.
Thank you, Mark, for so many years of insightful game design videos.  My favorite one is your discussion of the structure of Mario levels.  It helped me improve my own Mario Maker levels.
The "lower pipe" unfortunately doesn't really exist in Super Mario Sunshine. Getting to Corona Mountian, the final level of the game with the Bowser fight at the end, requires beating Shadow Mario in every previous level. Since this is always the 7th mission in every level and the mission sctructure is almost completely linear in this game you have to get 7 shines in every level and shines that don't progress towards unlocking the 7th mission in any level simply don't matter for unlocking the final boss fight.
Happy 200 Video Anniversary! Thank you for all the great videos and analysis and insight that you've given us over the years Mark, I really appreciate you and what you do!
What was the second N64 cart? Mario 64 and what else?
I remember playing Battletoads on NES with the only punishing difficulty and finally after beating it there was no other happier red eyed kid in the world
no getting distracted from magnet game mark smh
Mark, would it be possible to make make less bits where you resume what you just said. I have paid attention, I don't need to hear it again.  I don't know why writing classes think this is a good idea.
Moat of the blue pipe options are offered to you with the best of intention, but human psychology means that just being offered the Luigi guide or the free skip comes across as Nintendo saying "you're not good enough". It is a well documented effect that a sizeable portion of players will keep playing part their frustration point and then quit rather than change difficulty, even if you can do it right from the menu.   As someone who's fallen into that, changing difficulty feels like admitting to failure, so I keep pushing until I reach my fatigue point or I get through. That's basically the whole concept behind dark souls
This reminds me a lot of Sonic's high-middle-low paths, where getting to and staying on the high path requires more skill/memorization & finishes the level more quickly while maintaining "flow".
And you just explained why Dark Souls actually has an easy mode (summon npcs / online players to carry you, be overleveled, play the easy op builds that every game has whcih are usually just pyromancer or mage, etc.)
Wouldn't the dragon coins in Super Mario World be the first example of "bigger coins to make it harder"?
10:15 Obviously that's not "taking it one step further" but removing two of the pipes and making people pay for the hard pipe  I dislike the super guide or rather the skipping aspect. I've seen the effect it has on others, they skip the level and don't get better at the game, so they keep getting frustrated later. The invincible suit has the same effect
Congrats on your 200th video! Cheers to another year of videos!
Wait why do you have two N64 cartridges at the end of the intro? What's the other one besides SM64?
please never include that copy paste corporate music at the start ever again
Thank you for not retiring!
congrats on 200 awesome videos!!!
maybe you could have a bunch of early levels teaching the basics but before that a forced tutrial + survival test or whatever that is designed to test the players skill, the better they do the more early levels they can skip
Very well done video but I have to say just for the sake of feedback, the background music (at least the track that is playing at around 6-7 minutes, not sure if it continues throughout the video yet) is very distracting, the percussion pokes out in a very annoying and unsettling way. I had to pause the video to see if it was a noise coming from elsewhere.
Congrats on 10 years and 200 videos!
the means of making the game harder are brilliant examples of having a hard mode, but I'm not sure I agree that your examples of easy modes are all that invisible at all. it's mostly explicitly clear when you are enabling an easier path
the massive problem is that the better you are the less incentives there are to get those extra lives or power-ups, it's absolutely counter intuitive unless the game is already challenging to a degree.
I honestly don't think they nailed this in Mario Wonder. A lot of people ended up finding the difficulty disappointing compared to other games.  The extra challenges that usually provide the harder difficulty have been made a lot easier by design. For example, the big purple 10-coins are permanently collected the moment Mario touches them. No matter if he dies right after, essentially allowing you to skip much of the challenge involved completely. And there's no drawback to this either, you just simply get the coins no matter what. I'd have preferred if it worked like the berries in Celeste where they are permanently collected only after reaching safe solid ground.  Using badges also makes the game easier, but then again there is no incentive to not make it that way. It's more the opposite, because using badges is just a lot of fun. Couldn't tell how to fix this, just wanted to point that out.
The star coin concept was introduced in Super Mario World as Dragon Coins.
Wish Pokemon dod more of this to have the challenge there for players who want it
"I played through every single mainline Mario game."  How do we know what's mainline?
Little typo at 10:27, NNTENDO
Thanks!
Congrats on hitting 200 videos! I love your channel. :D
Delete kaiso levels created by fans😢
I don't think mario games have any difficulty personally aside from maybe new super luigi u but in mario galaxy games luigi made every level easier, in the new supe games the star coins weren't that challenging to get with other players. The assist items are cool but sometimes even seeing one punished you looking at you mario 3d land. I don't think mario games and difficulty are anything wonderful at all personally. I know it has to be hard making a truly challenging experience if you want to offer that but not once do i think mario has truly nailed that aside from like 3d world champion's road. To me the peak of challenging platforming is kaizo hacks and the best part about kaizo nowadays is you can pick from a large variety and play ones that you enjoy the most and not all custom hacks are kaizo either so if you don't care for challenging stuff there is stuff for that as well. Another great example of challenging platformers is stuff like celeste and cuphead or tiny thor. Hollow Knight could also technically count but its a metroidvania aka the best metroidvania to exist imo.
Is this not why they added the golden tanooki suit? Basically gives you flight and makes it super easy to complete the level. Then you've got Luigi who is more difficult to control, making it harder.
I wish games rewarded players who unlock and complete everything that the game has to offer content wise before completing the final boss. That's my playstyle at least. I get that there will be post game content in some games just for defeating the boss, but there are some that likes to see the world through the developer's eyes by searching the nooks and crannies of each level to find the littlest of things that makes you go, "wow".   Shirt looks dope tho.
Mark, I Love you
Congrats on 200 videos 👏👏👏
Kinda going crazy trying to figure out what the second N64 game up there is
In some games like Super Mario 3D Land, having the assist box show up in the first place locks you out of stars on that entire save file even if you don't actually use it, I'd heard.  That's pretty unforgiving of even having the option come up of using the easier difficulty!
Mario Odyssey also has an easy mode
Congratulations!
I have a thing I would like to try, its to have a dynamic adjusted difficulty, you can measure how fast the player completes certain objectives and how often a player dies and adjust things like the jump precision, enemy speed/aggressiveness/number of enemies and so on. Then those things can adjust dynamically to adapt to the players current skill level even.
I really want to watch this video, I enjoyed the first 5 minutes (even if the first "difficulty setting" mentioned isn't even a setting) but I have to stop watching here because the music is genuinely driving me insane.
Im sensing a new video...how fromsoft and Nintendo do the same thing with difficulty in very different ways. Something like that. Congrats on 200!!!
"drop into the bottom pipe" unsubbed.
I didn't know you could get Bronze stars in Galaxy 2, thats really funny
Good point about star coins, but I would say that the idea was first explored in Super Mario World with the Yoshi coins.
I couldn’t finish the video because you played the same musical phrase on loop and never progressed to the rest of the song, it was infuriating!
Played all these games might sound like good research to most. Sounds like procrastination from game making to me… 😉
Am I the only one, who read the title of the video and thought it's about the invisibility badge in Super Mario Bros. Wonder? 😂
Excellent video. You spelled "Nintendo" wrong in the pop-up quotes though 😁.  At 10:37, 21:00, 24:51 at least.  It's still an existential dread - not getting 100%. Sometimes it's easier than most. For example, I finished New Super Mario U and New Super Luigi U but not the extra challenges outside the game (I finished a few). I did get taken aback when you said Yoshi's Island was an easy game but that was without getting 100% which is VERY FRUSTRATING. (Though I have managed it once)
It's absolutely insane that Nintend of America went and indirectly said "Screw you, we're not localizing Lost Levels because it's too hard. Americans are too stupid for this.".
How did you screen capture the handheld consoles?
But the greatest thing is Nintendo not making you grab a friend to help you, but instead making it enticing for complete strangers to help each other. (aka Wonder's online multiplayer)
Super Mario Land was a paid actor
Showing an bit of Mario Sunshine just after talking about how players can tackle every level however much they want, but being free to skip entire levels, etc.  Isn't Sunshine the one game that doesn't allow you to do this? Iirc you MUST play up to the 7th shine in every single main level just to get to the end. There's surprisingly little you can skip as far as the main levels are concerned.
Thank you for being one of best game design sources around. There is a reason professional game developers cite you. :) Here's to another 200!
Congratulations on your whopping 200th video!
I'm sort of missing the "PowerPoint" outlines for sections and topics for this one. Yes, there are chapter markers, and the tube icons there, and that's a lot of research to cover, but a 30-minute of just Mario with Mario music and voiceover starts just blending in onto itself.
Congrats on your 200th video! The bit about rewarding less skilled players with assists while rewarding more skilled players with more challenges is something that more developers need to truly drill in their heads.   God mode, powerful or interesting items/abilities/classes, level skips, etc. So many modern games still hide those things behind difficult achievements or make them available only late in the game.  Not only is it ironic as you pointed out, it's also annoying that a lot of fun or quirky content is withheld from players for most of the game.   To make things worse, after unlocking those rewards, there's also often no harder content (or even just new content) where you can use those unlockables, UNLESS you replay the game.
I’ve not seen this channel before… anyway I’m subbed now
It seems like the 'three pipes' as deliberate design goes at least as far back as SMB3, which occasionally gave you super-powerful items that could turn any stage into a breeze - especially the P-Wing. Who hasn't used the P-Wing to fly over that damned auto-scrolling sky fortress in World 8? Not to mention how many levels on the map are outright skippable.  OTOH, looking for a challenge? Try holding onto a super-rare suit like Hammer Bros for as long as you can, or try to play through land stages in the awkward Frog Suit. There's even unique dialogue if you beat the boss while wearing an unusual suit, which shows the devs truly wanted the player to experiment with weird suit/level combos.   10:50 BTW, from what I've seen over the years, there are actually TWO reasons that SMB2J didn't get a US release. Besides the difficulty, the other problem was simply how old it was. By 1987-88, the state-of-the-art in NES games had advanced considerably, and it would have felt primitive compared to other games at the time. (Imagine SMB2J going head-to-head with Blaster Master or Ninja Gaiden!)
they should just put a poison swamp in the next mario game and call it a day. with dragons. and wolves. and dragons riding wolves.
Best channel on youtube
This is why else ring is actually the easiest game ever made
his videos are amazing and the fact that he has released 200 videos without a dip in quality is insane
22:44 graphic says "NNTENDO"
I wanna give a shoutout to Sonic Generations for implementing this difficulty curve into the level design itself. In that game, the level design is made so that the lower paths are easier platforming challenges, and the top paths are harder speed-based challenges. This rewards skilled players with speed, and bad players with easier obstacles, while incentivising them to go for the higher paths for more speed.
This is going a good one, i just know it.
Yoshi's Island is a Yoshi game, not a Mario game
Nintendo should give us trophies for Switch 2!
The hardest part about Mario games in my opinion is getting laughed at by Bowser when you die.  I never really liked Mario games but kept playing them because everyone else seemed to. It took me until super meat boy to realize it wasn't because they were that hard but it was just so discouraging to fail and then also get patronized. The zero second respawn in meat boy meant I gladly tried levels 300 times. That game eventually beat me rather than the other way around. The bowser laugh problem got even more pronounced when I played Celeste which instead feels like it actively has got your back. I don't mean to flex but it didn't feel hard to me, or more precisely I found it a challenge rather than a struggle I guess. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  On a side note I quite disliked Odyssey as well. And the assist mode also had a patronizing feeling so I didn't use it. I decided to revisit it years later thinking I hadn't finished it because that's how it usually goes. Turned out I actually had beat bowser on the moon. I decided to play around for a bit and ended up turning assist mode on and proceeded to revisit all the worlds and gather hundreds of moons and really liking the extra challenge but with some extra health and importantly the much less punishing sort of respawn when falling in pits.  Thanks for a great video and to anyone who read through this ramble. ❤
Nice vid but a bit too long
Congratulations for the 200! On the topic, I think Celeste did it perfectly right; After doing a level in slow mode, I was so engaged to do it in realtime, that my death counter has several 1000s by now.
HUGE CONGRATS! 200 is a huge accomplishment.
"I'm here, in a video about the difficulty of Mario games."
Hello from the UK! I teach game design and use your videos in my class, so I'm definitely going to go subcribe to your patreon now ❤
Insanely good video, the only thing that bothered me is "NNTENDO" at 24:47. Just kidding, it's good even with that
Marryow
I actually never thought about the difficulty in these games like this but its pretty fascinating to think about now
2:24 that was comedic timing sent from heaven.
The best use of the phrase "take the L" I have ever seen.
will minde over magnet be implemanting  a similar sistem
This was an enlightening, much-appreciated video. However, I think the point about one-off challenges in Super Mario Bros. 1 has to be placed in context. The game was designed as a 1-credit marathon run--it predates the save states and restore points it is often played with today, and even the now-obvious Continue Code wasn't explicitly pointed out in the game or its manual. This meant that, unlike in later games (Super Mario World on,) lives and coins really did matter. An important strategy was to seek out coins and 1ups early on, to last you through later stages where mistakes would inevitably accumulate and resources would inevitably be eaten through.  For instance, grabbing the hidden 1up you mentioned in 1-2 might technically be harder than ignoring it outright, but grabbing it _now_ is _much_ easier than facing Lakitu empty-handed later on, especially if you skip ahead via warp zone. I vividly remember mastering the early stages in order to accumulate as many lives as possible for Worlds 4 and beyond, and I'd always assumed Warp Zone was there for players confident enough to go without.  All of this also applies to the wealth of hidden coins, power-ups and 1ups, map-screen items, and other bonuses dug up in Super Mario Bros. 3, many of which are more hidden-object puzzle than platforming stunt. And this makes sense--Super Mario Bros. 3 is an even harder, longer game than the first, and the cost of warping from World 1 to 8 without stockpiling through the rest is even more dire. You could use a continue if you were desperate, but only up to a point--good luck beating World 8 in 3 lives!  In short, that particular bit of design is more a gamble than an unambiguous Red Pipe; picture, if you will, Bear Mario gathering mushrooms for the winter.  ...Or rather, it is in principle; the reason this system falls flat in later games like New Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario 3D World is that the introduction of save files and world-map backtracking rendered coins, 1ups, and bonus games redundant in practice--a whole economy of items designed for a game structure that had long since eroded away. By the time Odyssey dropped lives entirely, it had been a long time coming, since not doing so put a cap on the difficulty of individual levels (since, if you always have to start from scratch, the difficulty of completing the game becomes the product of the difficulties of each level!) This is why you'll often find easy-to-reach 1ups in difficult stages in Super Mario Sunshine, to simulate having infinite lives for particularly difficult (generally FLUDD-less) stages.
24:55 nntendo
dice is plural 😭 28:30
I think it was the "Tales of..." series that had a difficulty selector where, you could change it at any time, but playing on a harder difficulty actually gave you better drops rates and EXP.  Meaning that even players who didn't want to play on a harder difficulty found a benefit to it, even if just for grinding.  At the same time players who drop down to an easier difficulty get to skip a harder part of the game, but aren't rewarded nearly as much as they would be.     Regardless of how well that worked, it's an interesting way to do it.    The thing I always disliked about difficulty in games is when you don't get rewarded for skilled play.  I'm not saying that only the player playing on hard should get rewarded, but if there was a button that let you skip a boss fight yet still gave you the drops, exp, achievements, etc., then it actively takes away from the person playing normally-- not that you can't still get enjoyment out of that, but you know what I mean.  They way Mario games have been doing it seems pretty good overall.  I know someone won't like me saying this, but the fact in some of the Mario games using assists removes the star makes me happy.     Anyone of any skill level should be able to play a Mario game, but at the same time, let the skilled players shine too, and I like that Nintendo never forgot that
In later Disgaea games you can access the Cheat Shop. Its not really cheating, just lets you customize a lot of the game the way you want. But there's also a screen with certain options the game says will only make it more difficult, and theres absolutely no benefit to you choosing them.  stuff like gaining no experience or money, or making it so you can't change an action after choosing it. You can also increase the difficulty of enemies to get better rewards.
24:45 Ah yes, famous video game company Nntendo :p
I always play on the highest difficulty and get pissed off when the game tries to get me to try a lower difficulty. This is especially bad in Super Smash 3DS where at the highest difficulty you can be failed for things completely beyond your control, and it forces your difficulty down. When that happens I just reset. Yes you lose all the money and stuff you've collected but i'd rather that than win at 9.8 instead of 10. I think Ultimate learned from this because it starts at 5 and lets you build up to 10, so even if ~~you make a mistake~~ the game fs you over, you don't have to start over from the beginning to get a competitive score. Again, looking at you 3DS where failing makes you lose like 90% of your score which fs you out of getting a good rank.
Uhm ... Super Mario Player here since 1983 ... you forgot the very first Super Mario Bros. Game for Arcade & ATARI 2600. Its a shame that the roots of Super Mario seems forgotten today. Also "A switchable Difficulty Level is not Nintendo's way" is a big lie and I dont understand why people making videos to talk garbage in so many ways. The Game & Watch Series has ALLWAYS an "A" & "B" Mode which is nothing else as a difficutly setting which the player can choose before the game begins. That was a design philosophy which Nintendo sticked to it a long time before they cancle it out. Super Mario Land also has a B-Mode which activates after beating the game. Sorry, but the whole Video is about the recent games from Super Mario and this are the games which the old rabbits can often not enjoy, because they are full of text, useless cutscenes and baby sitting the player all the time which chops the game flow which is one of the most important part of a game.  Sometimes It would be better to let make those videos by real game veterans, game developers or gaming journalists. You know, people which have really a clue what they talking about and educated in analyse game design philosophies. This video is just about polarising a subjective opinion which has nothing to do with an objective analysis about certain facts which can be easily proofed.
I recently finished the story of "Super Mario Bros. Wonder" and I loooved it. That said, can't even beat a single special world level. 🫣🫣🫣
13:35 Toad is normal difficulty but Toadette is easy. Classic Nintendo mysogo giving the women worse stats for no reason.
200 episodes in 9 years!  Grats Mark!  Here's to 200 more!
I would absolutely LOVE a video on rain world and its intricate world-building, AI parts, hope you can do something like this in future
2:48 > the goal pole aka the gorl pole, goul flag, gorl flag, gorl stopper, girl,
This is something that Super Mario Maker does really well (intentional or not). Because the levels are user created, then there will be a level for you regardless of what skill level you're on. Even if yo😂u find Champion's Road to be a cakewalk there's still levels that will kick your butt in SMM, but on the other end of the spectrum there's also levels that require even less experience than anything in a traditional Mario game. And because there's so many levels, no one ever feels embarrassed for not "finishing the game." You play as long as the game is fun and there will never run out of game to play.
Congrats on 200 videos, Mark! I love seeing your content and how you analyse all these different systems from so many different games, it's such a pleasure to watch. Thanks for all the great content!
Do a video on the dead cells difficulty
Congrats Mark on 10 years. Feels crazy. Feels like I started watching your videos yesterday.   Can’t wait for mind over magnet!
How are the Special World levels of SMW dreamlike?
19:29 ooh i see that's why EA added lootboxes to their games.  The hurdle is you putting in your credit card details to buy it, and then you feel the sense of accomplishment from the lootbox stuff.  Makes total sense! And once you master the putting in credit card stuff, ooooh boy you are in for a heap of fun.  - An EA Executive
The west was soft when it came to Lost Levels. It was hard but maybe gaming wouldn’t have become such an easy mess in the west if we’d been challenge back then by a bigger publisher.
25:25 I've heard pixelation isn't fully destructive (it looks a little more destructive than blurring at least) so I hope you're wary of that when you try to pixelate something out of a video  Congratulations on 200 videos! Thank you so much for all the tools!
The higher the hair, the closer to god.
2:04 I think Jan Misali would like a word with you
i love mario overall
The challenges in nsmbu is the best and most difficult content i've come across in any Mario game. Grinding for the gold medals in everything was really hard and took me hours. I was dissapointed they hadn't brought something similar to wonder
Great video, congrats on 200 videos!
SM3DL was really hard for me because I forced myself to get all the star coins and wouldn't move on till then
Now we just need to discover how Mark's hair defies gravity
Didn't discuss Lego Mario. Fraud
@12:57 no yump. Video essay invalid.
The example you gave of the top pipe was very confusing because I'd argue half the time getting the star coins isn't even difficult, just tedious
As a guy who's grown up w/ Mario for basically 20 years of his life thus far & 100%-ed the vast majority of his games, especially the mainline ones, this video really speaks to me on a deeper level.  I adore clearing Mario games as thoroughly as possible and plenty mainline games are some of the best designed platformers the genre & video game industry have to offer. But the collectibles and late-game levels, challenges, grabbing every single one, are another challenge Mario games offer while also having the vast majority of them being designed and hidden based around the levels they reside in. They're usually crafted with the level design in mind in most cases, at least for the 3D games, Mario Wonder, and earlier New Super Mario Bros. titles. Interestingly, I think the Blue Coins are a noteworthy example. They are infamous in their execution but I'm totally in the minority when I say I usually try to go after all 240 coins whenever I replay Sunshine these days. Of course, not every blue coin's hidden or their location's implied or alluded to well, but that does add to the challenge overall of beating Super Mario Sunshine. Damn near every coin is hidden with the level design in mind. And Completionist mindset or field isn't everyone's cup of tea with video games, it does lend to the challenge and difficulty curve some want more Mario games to have. And I feel like that's why for me, I'm usually fine with most of the campaign being pretty chill. The collectibles throughout add a little more spice to the easy nature Mario games have nd the special worlds, postgame levels, true final levels & gauntlets do make for tougher challenges that scale with the rest of the game, all the while still having those collectibles to make them tougher. That's another layer of magic that Mario games have fostered over the years, on top of the magic of how wacky, whimsical, large, intricate and bursting with dozens of creative ideas in most mainline games, that makes Mario titles an event personally. They really do feel like fantastic gateways for newcomers eager to experience Mario's bread & butter, but also respectful challenges to longtime veterans who get Mario more to a finer level and experience what specific title has to offer all the way in a way that truly does feel like both a test but also a fun little playground that just tests and enhances your universal skill at these Mario platformers. Playing Galaxy so much growing up alongside Sunshine & 64, now those games are so easy for me to plow through and when Odyssey dropped, I never really struggled much even in the later, harder challenges because of the experience in previous titles. That also extends to the 2D titles.  This is such an interesting topic in general for Mario lovers like me, so this might coax a video out of me to talk about, but you definitely outlined the difficulty Mario games house incredibly eloquently. A ton of people talk about how easy Mario games are, and there is some truth to that, but the lens are usually seen or fully understood halfway imo.
Mario Galaxy 2's 'assist' with the orange luma is BY FAR the best one because of how cooperative it is. I remember holding onto those 'Boost up to 6 life' mushrooms until they dearly needed it, or stunning a tricky enemy and even helping make damaging bosses easier. New U and 3D world tried to recreate it with the platforms or the glover hand but idk, just always felt like you were getting in the way 8/10 times and the 2/10 times was way too overpowered.
Happy 200th!
25:57 Spoiler alert for Super Mario Bros. Wonder since its still recent (Also for viewers who haven't reached the segment for Mark Brown's case study of this game)        These bonus levels also open when you beat the main game and when you load into a save file where you already beat said main game.  Edit: The spoiler warning now referrs to the host of GMTK instead of the author behind Arthur.  Edit2: Fixed typo
But... how many Super Mario games are there?
I'd like to add that this isn't just a Mario thing, it's in almost every game they have that doesn't have a difficulty setting. Mostly through their settings/options screen. I have always hated how other companies treat the settings menu of their games as a pile of customizability. I think it's very overwhelming and doesn't help players get eased into a game since from my experience I tend to spend more time customizing my gameplay experience more than simply playing the game for what it is.  Take for example in an MMO, you'd probably want to optimize your HUD layout and the graphics settings to min/max your raiding experience; or in a PVP game you turn down all the graphics so that only the most important details like player models are prominent, maybe heighten the contrast of the enemy outline.  What I like about Nintendo games being platform exclusives is that the games will always be tailored around the design of those controls rather than games being designed with PC, Mobile, and Console in mind. Not only does it take away a lot of stress of porting and designing the game around multiple platforms, but it also makes the game more special because it tries things that it will never get if it wanted to be generically accessible. A weird concept, sure, you could argue that inflation and the lack of minimum wage increases in the last few decades makes console exclusives a bad idea (minus points if you own a PS4/5) but to each their own and I think that the games being exclusive to one platform really serves them better than other games like Fortnite, Minecraft, and Roblox have for their games (strictly speaking as a Roblox developer)
GMTK videos never fail to never fail
2:02 uh oh. Someone contact Jan Misali
Great video
me and the kid I nanny recently beat super Mario Odyssey together in multiplayer and it was incredible! the system of player one as Mario and player two as Cappy let me help him as Cappy in easy areas, and him still participate in difficult areas when I had to take over as Mario in difficult areas and boss fights. it was loads of fun, and it taught him a lot about teamwork and how different challenges need different team approaches! we're now working on collecting more power moons and I'm thinking about what game I should get next
I don't like how Mario-centric this video is. Other platforms have done this stuff for a while (maybe Mario was first but aren't alone). It's a good video but some acknowledgement of those other games would be nice.
I hate the way you say Mario
I liked the 1 second half an A press and parallel universes reference
What a deep dive! Love seeing longer videos that go deeper into topics
I'm reminded of the 25-man Ulduar raid in World of Warcraft where bosses had hard modes that were activated by performing certain challenges during the fight itself. For example, one fight had you going against three bosses simultaneously. When one is eliminated, the remaining one(s) recharge to full health and gain an ability. The order in which you eliminate them affects the difficulty of the encounter and the quality of the loot too.
two n64 games, eh?
20:51 Is "NNtendo" intentional?
Congrats on turning 200!  Right around 22 minutes you mention something that's a **real** problem in video game design: Game rewards (particularly character leveling) intrinsically makes the game *easier* to play as you progress, inverting the desired difficulty curve. It's a huge problem in RPGs and strategy games, where the longer you play the more powerful items and skills and abilities you collect that make the game easier to play. This ends up requiring the game designers to implement artificial difficulty to try and keep the games balanced.   I play a lot of MechWarrior 5 and one of the best mods for the game (YAML) has introduced an "upgrades" feature. This feature locks you out of being able to drop heavier battlemechs until you buy the mech bay upgrades. You can't repair or refit certain items until you buy the repair bay upgrades. Other upgrades reduce the cost of repairs or reduce travel time. These upgrades end up having a positive feedback loop where the more upgrades you have the easier it is to play the game and get more upgrades until the game has become so easy that it's boring.  I love the mod and the upgrades feature, but it inverts the difficulty curve - making the game far more difficult to play for new players or new games, but so easy that it becomes banal for late game experienced players. (MW5 can be pretty flexible with this because of its open world difficulty zone design, and because mods can increase late game difficulty to improve late game balance.)  Dealing with that inverted difficulty curve requires very careful game design to ensure that each of those "upgrades" (or character levels or higher level items or spells or abilities) also opens up higher difficulty gameplay, while also keeping the escalating power levels from turning into an WoW-meme mess of stupendous nonsense.   This inverted difficulty curve problem is especially prominent in games (such as Oblivion or Skyrim) that deal with it by leveling opponents alongside the player. Leveling up doesn't feel very meaningful because all of the same enemies have also leveled up with you.   This inverted difficulty curve problem is worth its own video and I'd love to see you examine it in depth!
Mark, congratulations on 200 episodes. If nothing else, you introduced me to new experiences like Infinifactory. Here's to 200 more.
YT channel Extra Credits made a similar video for Dark Souls, specifically DS2, about how the gameplay is the difficulty slider. It's what I always think about when I hear the "Souls need a difficulty slider" discussion, it has one, never occurred to me Mario does something like that as well. Congrats on the milestone!
I’m not sure what kind of player is “not very sober player type”.
congrats on 200 videos!
Insanely useful as always!
I loved that you included the section about encouraging players to attempt the more difficult routes. It would have been sufficient to just explain how the harder and easier "pipes" work, but you and the developers of Mario went above and beyond to show us why the difficult pipes matter and how they can provide more value to a player. The Miyamoto quote at the beginning of that section really spoke to my soul.
Nintendo is a genius. No wonder their games are so good and accessible to all.
It’s funny how many YouTubers there are who’ve had to come out and say that they’re not quitting.
2:14 excuse me, "every mainline mario game"??? what an absurd statement https://youtu.be/XejJ6PzPtEw?si=pOahvNJkkXtqbNaY
The B roll for this video is so nostalgic 🥲
Me how I play Mario U Gamepad in lap, wii remote in hand, 1P boost mode.
nice
I think the best difficulty options in games are the risk-reward optional pieces, obviously the main quest has to present a challenge, but not big enough to be considered hard, in Bug Fables for example, I didn't want to use the hard mode badge until I noticed it gave extra rewards and thought "I can use it against bosses and unequip it on normal levels" but never took it off because I liked the rewards, then I tried some bosses the normal way and they felt way easier.  Making challenges optional and rewarding will always be better than being an option on the menu that only gives me achievements.
I think that within the context of early mario games1 rewarding the player with lives doesn't generally make the game easier. They're designed like arcade games where playing well is intended to let you "play more". To a skilled player a bonus life is more a trophy than a real reduction in difficulty.   And to a less skilled player those rewards are a way to let (and encourage) you learn and protect you from mistakes while you develop your skills.
I find it clever that beating 2D mario games never require running or wall jumps unless you want to get collectables. It seems really limiting, but they make it work super well.
Mom get the camera, GMTK dropped another BANGER.  So glad to hear you're not going anywhere.
Congrats on 200 videos and 10 years on YouTube!
26:50 In a way, the Wonder Flower already achieves this. Players can pick it up for a change in pace/difficulty for a while if they feel that their current level is too uninteresting or easy, for a brand new isolated learning curve to shake things up a bit. On the other hand, the level might be too difficult or demanding so players can pick the Wonder Flower route to maybe get a temporary boost or a new way/form to tackle the challenge. They can also decide to skip the Wonder Flower in a few levels because they're perfectly content with what they're being offered, though the game usually discourages this due to the constant requirement for Wonder Seeds.
Saw this in my Subscriptions tab - haven't had your content recommended to me in months. Glad you're still going 😊
Congrats on 10 years and 200 videos! Been watching for many years. Great inspiration and learning!
thx for new trailer about difficulty scale.
I can see where they're coming from, but just because it was designed to work one way doesn't mean it actually works that way in practice. I still think Mario Wonder's difficulty is WAYY too low relative to other Mario games. I played Mario Wonder and really thought to myself, "are Mario games really this easy or am I just getting old?" No, the games are too easy. I went back to NSMB for the first time in probably 13 years and got my butt kicked multiple times.   This "invisible" difficulty system still suffers in the same way that Mario Odyssey's handful of "pick up and play" easy moons did. In practice they don't feel rewarding, and the progression of the game gets disjointed. Going out of your way to get all the secrets in Wonder feels even less rewarding since it just makes you play fewer levels than you would if you half-assed every level. Doing better means that you get to play less, since all the progression is tied to the Wonder Seed system. Collecting the bonus Wonder Seed makes it feel like I'm cutting corners on a chore instead of finding a secret. Where's the incentive to play all of the levels if you can clear all of the requirements in 3 levels and then skip the entire world?
So you're saying we must all be based and red piped? I see...
Mmmm, luigi is the only way
It seems like only yesterday that I discovered this channel through a mention of "Designing for Disability" on a gaming podcast.
Congrats on 200 vids Mr.Toolkit, I hate to say it but you have a couple of typos in the vid, 24:52 for example NNTENDO, which also appears earlier.   Great insight in this video, its interesting that more adept players have to persevere through a lot of "boring"/easy Mario content to get to the fun (challenging) bits, which might only be 10-20% of the total content.
Congratulations on your milestone of 200 episodes in 10 years! That's an admirable accomplishment Mark—especially considering all the time, craft, and care you put into your work. I applaud your decision to create your own game. It's been fascinating to hear, and more recently, watch you over the years. Watching your videos evolve has been consistently interesting. You took those learned wisdoms & lessons from your analytical video work and then seriously tried your hand at making the thing you studied. That's so interesting to me. You've mined premium knowledge and shared for the betterment of craft and community. Thank you Mark for your valuable insights—the Star Coins of your labors. Looking forward to your game.
These mechanics are really thoughtful and labor intense to implement
0:42 Thank you for timing the rhythm level clip to the music.
I gotta say, using pipes for this analogy was a particularly poor choice, cuz, y'know, pipes are kinda famous for letting things in one end and out the other without them being able to escape anywhere in the middle, but your whole point is that the games let you move from one "pipe" to another in the middle...
Loved the video but also congrats on 10 years and 200 videos, I'm looking forward to seeing the future of the channel 😁
When I was a kid, assist mode was having my big brother beat it for me…
Could you make a video about Will you snAIl?? It is a game that uses AI to predict your movement and it chooses the difficulty best fit for you midgame. Super interesting
They shouldn't have the philosophy every level does not need dashing or wall jumping. That stuff should be required as one gets deeper into the game as any player playing to that point should be expected to develop those skills. It's just not too much to ask.
It's such a "difficult" thing to get right.
Perhaps the best part about the autoplay Assist Modes (Super Mario Galaxy 2, etc) is that while your assisted level objective _looks_ different, it still counts the same for progression.  Meaning YOU are basically the only one who knows about it.
no the tanooki suit in mario 3 was the one where you could turn to stone...
I really liked Elden Rings approach to difficulty. It’s cool to get a better look at how certain games create levels of difficulty.
Star coins were in Super Mario World too, they were just called "Dragon Coins" or something slightly different.
Grats on 200!  And don't worry about the Super Mario Land cartridge. It's a Game Boy cartridge; those things are more durable than the Game Boy itself, which can survive wars.
Congrats on 200 vids!
One thing worth mentioning is that they did try and address 1-Ups being the main reward in some games. In many of the 2D games, reaching 99 lives has Mario remove his hat. In some of the 3D games, reaching 999 lives unlocks an extra tier of lives, starting at "👑00" and working up to "👑👑👑" - at triple crown, you get a special version of the 1-Up jingle, and Mario removes his hat again in some games.  This is similar to the stars/medals on the file select screen - it's a visual reward for the sake of having a trophy. Of course, it doesn't fully address the issues with this reward system, but it apparently is something that has been considered.
Marry-o
21:58 NSMBDS star coins are an interesting case  Internally they are in fact based off the Dragon Coin, which makes sense since they're coming off of the Mario Advance games, which unlike the original NES/SNES games do keep track of achivements  NSMBDS doesn't really have that oddly enough, so they have the "all spent" message instead once you use all Star Coins to unlock all paths, which is weird because unlike future Mario games the point is to spend them... for optional rewards? It's not very well thought out
That background music in the third section of this video was so annoying. Made it so hard to focus on the video.
Mark incorporou seu Tim Rogers interior jogando todos os Marios pra gravar esse vídeo
Congratulations on 200 videos!
A GMTK shirt with just the back design, but on the front, would be cool for people that like a more minimalist shirt
I can't stop thinking about the "Mario's jump" parody video
As always, amazing video. Thanks ♥
Dude, 200 episodes? That's mindblowing! You just rock. Never forget that. Thank you so much for countless hours of great, educational, fun and just awesome content. Your whole style of videos became it's own genre on youtube. Man, I salute you! Cheers!
Relating to the question of how soon assist systems should show up, I think it definitely took them a few games to get it at a good place. I found most of Super Mario Wii very easy, even with the challenge coins. I would die here and there, but often to random mistakes or when trying something out. The game was fun, but I started to want for more challenge. And then I got to the final (regular) world and there was a healthy challenge increase and I was finally faced with a level that forced me to burn through a bunch of the lives I had collected, which was exactly what I wanted. But, right as I was sinking my teeth in, every time I respawned there was a bright green box with an annoying chime reminding me that the game could just beat it for me if it wanted. It felt like the game was mocking me for being in exactly the situation that I wanted to be in, which felt really bad. Also, that chime noise hindered the flow state you are trying to develop when repeatedly attempting a challenging task. In later games it feels like they found ways to still offer those supports to players who need them without them being as obtrusive towards the players who are not interested. UX that is clear enough for players to know it is there without being in the way and the ability to just toggle things on and off when you want them. One thing you didn't mention in wonder is that in Wonder the prince has an unobtrusive option in the badge selection screen where you can have him suggest what badge you use. This is a much less obvious way for the game to say "I think you might need some more help" that is still within the hands of the player.
I like how they’ve adopted a sort of “Skulls” difficulty motif like Halo. Thats neat, but I do also appreciate the more subtle difficulty design of the former games
I only watched through once but im pretty sure all of your Nintendo developer quotes on screen misspelled Nintendo, omitting the "i." I'm positive this is the case for the Iwata quote around the 20 minute mark.  Amazing video as always, just thought youd like to know.
I just like how by adding the Luigi guide to those games, Nintendo codified "have your brother beat it for you" as a strategy to their games.
Congrats on the 200th! One thing this channel always makes me think about when discussing difficulty is the punishment/reward. I like how the latest Mario rewards good players with extra challenge, and assist less skilled player with support.   Many games punishes failure with more difficulty, and success with rewards making the game easier. To me this is very backwards. For example games that will keep your money/objects where you died, and now you need to go track back again on a difficult section, with often harder difficulty since you are missing key objects, with the added stress of risking losing your stuff. It can become very frustrating when your skill level is below a certain level and being punished with even more difficulty than required for a skilled player.
Does any1 else feel like this guy sounds like Tom Scott?
They probably didn't spend even a single second deciding how long to try before nagging them CONSTANTLY to use assists. Because they decided "Fuck it, every single time you fail is fine"
Nice
20:58 reminds me of the great quote in DMC3: "Easy mode is now selectable"
"... A system that could change the difficulty level of the entire course in real time at the push of a button." Kiiiiind of just sounds like difficulty selection...
Anyone else notice that around 24:50 it says NNTENDO?
Surprised you didn't mention Sonic, and other platformers of the era, which has similar systems and the "three pipes" are often literally three layers in the level. The hardest but "best" path is usually the highest up, the average in the middle, and the easy but slow way towards the bottom of the map.  Would have been nice to compare this to what other games do. But I guess it would divert the main focus on Mario.
Congrats. I'd love to see a similar video on crash bandicoot
Hi Mark, you’re Store is incorrectly selecting the right products!  Hope you see this and can fix it soon. Love the videos, this is the reason I’ve managed to finish my first mvp, keep up the great work👍
There's a coins galore level in Mario wonder? Wow, that was really well hidden!
8:00 your difficult curve should be a flat line with a slight increase at the end. Odyssey does not increase in difficulty at all during the main game. And only offers a slight jump after you've completed the game through twice.   Feels like they got to the end of developing the game and thought 'oh shit we forgot to add difficulty!  Quick make some harder levels!'
Nintendo is amazing at making their games accessible but I’d really appreciate it if they implemented harder difficulty modes in their games more often so I can utilize all the tools the game gives me instead of forgoing them to create more difficulty by myself.
I enjoyed the level scoring system in Yoshi's Island. For advanced players who got perfect 100s in each level of a particular world, two extra-difficult bonus stages would unlock. Meanwhile, the score was essentially irrelevant to beat each level, making the game accessible for players of all skill levels.
The more recent Kirby games from Return to Dreamland on the Wii does the adjusting difficulty thing, excellently. Tons of optional collectibles to test your skills, a multitude of different abilities to swap between when they're available, a floating thing to sail over sections of stages. Then, once the story is completed, the Arena and an Extra Mode are unlocked. The Arena challenges you to fight every boss and mini-boss with one life, one health bar that retains its damage between rounds, and limited healing, forcing the player to hone their skills as they can't be as sloppy with the fights as they were in the main game. Then there's Extra Mode, usually a shortened version of the main game but harder, with more enemies around, less healing, sometimes with less health or even with an entirely different character. But the biggest change in Extra Mode are the upgraded bosses, sporting a different color scheme, and much harder attack patterns, then usually wrapping up with a boss fight not seen in the main game. Then there's the True Arena, unlocked after finishing Arena and the Extra Mode. True Arena is the same as the Arena, but with some major differences, the bosses you face are from the Extra Mode, and your healing items is FAR more limiting. On top of all of that, the True Arena finishes with a fight that's EXCLUSIVE to that mode. The True Arenas have a reputation for being the hardest challenge in any game, you cannot afford to make hardly any mistakes because if you die, you start back at the beginning and when you're at the end, the tension is HIGH where one wrong move will cause you to restart, and with a boss fight you have no practice with.
This is pretty much the same with Souls games and their "hidden" easy modes
When I was a kid I would use the Luigi assist block in NSMBW to help get me past levels I couldn't beat at the time. More recently I replayed the game with my brother and we 100% completed the game together without any of the Luigi assists. And when I was a little kid I don't think I really cared that much if I skipped a level or not, but now that I'm older I prefer to beat games in ways I think are more natural feeling. I feel like the difficulty design of most (especially modern) Mario games is more intuitive than just simply making 3 options of easy, medium, and hard, because even if you are more suited for an easy mode difficulty, I feel like a lot of kids wouldn't really bother much with settings to change it. Making clear visual differences like glowing assist blocks or character options labeled as easy can help players change as they see fit, and not just at the start of the game. And the fact that the assist blocks in various games are only available after you've died a lot gives players an actual chance to not rely on it, while also becoming an option to them only when they might need help.
20:50 It’s funny they say how important it is to get the timing right for assist pop ups. I feel like in a lot of Mario games it appears way too early. And they seem pushy with them sometimes having the pop up keep showing up even when you say no or don’t take it. I understand it’s there for people who need it and you don’t have to take it, but it really lessens my enjoyment when it feels like the game is constantly pushing to make itself easier. Though I do think it’s not as bad as some other games with really obvious automatic difficulty changes that you can’t opt out of.
1:31 for posterity, can you post a list of which 30 games you consider “mainline”?
Super.... MARY-OH.... Brothers 🙃
To anyone who is wondering about the math how many episodes per year 200 episodes over 10 years comes out to that would be if my calculations are correct about 20 episodes per year that is if he were to do it consistently
Crazy good 200th crazy good video
- i love that Iwata quote when you contrast it with Mario Maker's Luigi assist showing up 2 deaths in, Luigi I'm thankful but I'm nowhere near stuck yet, chill Lil' bro - also the Easy mode characters are a great idea, except in Mario U deluxe the 4th player was forced to pick either Toadette or Nabbit
Wonder does this the exact wrong way with underwater controls. If you use the Dolphin Kick Badge, you're turning on "easy mode", but since R/ZR doesn't see use underwater without the badge, you're not replacing anything or making any change outside of giving you something that doesn't make navigating those levels arduous at best. An increase in challenge that makes controlling your character less fun is, at best, suboptimal.
It's cute that Nintendo uses characters as an "easy mode", but what if I'm Yoshi fan but I want to play the game normally? I would've loved to play as Yoshi in a mainline 2D Mario game, but I would've have to play an easy character that didn't use power ups.   It would be better if they just made the "easy mode" an on/off option, so everybody can play any character they want.
"take the L" made me actually laugh out loud
I am not really fan of character based difficulty setting. It is saying to your little brother "you are not skilled enough to be Mario."
Sorry to distract from the main subject, but is this really your 200th video? If so, congratulations! As a player, rather than a dev, thank you for the insight you provide into what makes one of my favourite art forms tick :)
Pokémon has this too via starter selection but ppl forget about it
I think the Star Coin "added difficulty" concept from New Super Mario Bros actually dates back to the Dragon Coins in Super Mario World. In the original SNES release, collecting all 5 nets a 1-up. But in the GBA release, Super Mario Advance 2, all 5 Dragon Coins are tracked in the stage progress screen just like Star Coins. I wonder if this was a limitation of save RAM storage, since Yoshi's Island (like original Banjo Kazooie) saves a "score" instead of individual collectables found per stage. It's actually pretty interesting that 3D collectathon Mario ended up influencing 2D Mario in such a way. Congrats on the 200th episode, Mark!
WONDER ISN'T DIFFICULT AS LONG AS YOU KNOW EACH AND EVERY NEW FEATURE OF CUPHEA- I MEAN WONDER!
4:38 Or you can just break the block next to it quickly enough that it falls right next to you.
I thought the English super mario 2 existing cause the Japanese one was too hard ironic, since I remember the English super mario 2 to be pretty unfair.
22:10 “Um actually” this is an example of a nasty POSITIVE feedback loop. The game reinforces that skilled players have an easier time, making them do better, making them have an even easier time, and so on. A negative feedback loop would not reinforce the deviation, ie it would make the game easier for unskilled players and harder for skilled players. I think here a negative feedback loop would actually be preferred!
oh my god, I realized partway through-- this is Elden Ring's difficulty system This is the Soulslike difficulty system in general. Elden Ring and Super Mario Brothers Wonder have the same "three pipe" approach to difficulty. Struggling? Summon a friend or just a skip a non-mandatory area or fight. Looking for a challenge? Don't read messages and don't use NPC summons. the "average" challenge is higher, of course, but then the whole game is also built around failure, so that you're still progressing even while failing.
I had completely forgotten about the Luigi assist guide in NSMB Wii, as well as the tanooki suit in NSMB2. It makes sense that I'd used them before, since I played those games fairly young, but I had absolutely no recollection of any of that. Now I remember it took away a lot of the frustration from the harder sections, I think the "timing" of the green block in Wii was pretty good in showing up right when I was losing my mind haha
crazy it has been 200 videos / 10 years! i remember getting the 5th year anniversary shirt, still one of my faves :D  just put in the order for the new shirt, keep doing your thing mark ❤❤ love from vienna
This was amazing! feels like a matpat video but British! :D
While the video as a whole is great the best part is you reassuring us that you're not retiring.
Iwata's quote about when to offer guides is still true today. Any time I play a game that is meant to be hard and after like 3 deaths the game is like "hey buddy, you wanna turn on easy mode?" it's infuriating. I remember the original Devil May Cry doing this and it was maddening. NO GAME, I WANT TO PRACTICE WITHOUT YOU BEING A DICK ABOUT IT.
A classic GMTK video.. Love it, thanks.
i think you'd enjoy checking out the rank system in Battle Garegga
Everone else get a bit of ptsd whenever champions road gets mentioned? 😅
Mark, you are true Mario nerd.
I think most Mario games are disappointing for expert players. Especially these last years, they keep adding new elements to make the games easier, but not much to give more challenge. The best Mario players have to invent stupid challenges, playing Super Mario Maker or doing speedruns to be satisfied because in the main games there is not enough...
EVERY mainline game? Are you sure? Would you swear that under oath
Congrats on 200 vids, that's some dedication. Love your content and the way you explore the mind of develpors ❤
I really hope that Miyamoto quote was about his thoughts on difficulty curves and not his excuse for adding terrible controls for Star Fox Zero...  That aside, though I prefer Kirby games more, I do think Mario games are pretty balanced in regards of difficulty since the difficulty is completely optional and not a set route.
8:00 finished the story, not finished the game. It's key distinction you should be making
10:35 Typo with 'Nntendo'
There is a problem that the Super Guide had... For some games, you don't just get punished if you _use_ the Guide, but if it ever shows up to begin with. That's a serious problem. It's one thing if it shows up before you even begin to feel pressured, it's another if you're _permanently punished_ for that from nowhere. It's the macro analog to a Kaizo block, and we don't play official games expecting those even in the micro sense!
I’ve only began watching this and I know it’s going to be a banger.
Excellent analysis, thanks for this video
Background music is very off putting in the intro.
The end discussion part about real-time difficulty change made me think of Resident Evil 4 and God Hand on how they tackled difficulty. In RE4 the better you do the more aggressive enemies become, and they tend to drop less items. The reverse is true if you keep dying. God Hand has the same mechanic, but with a literal difficulty bar that increases as you do positive things such as dodge attacks or deal lots of damage, or decreases when you take continuous damage or lose and have to continue. The hard difficulty for both games just locks you at the max difficulty you can get with this system regardless of how you do in-game.   Having real-time variable difficulty in a platformer would be pretty difficult considering you would need to be able to change level layout as you're playing, but personally I feel like if any company would do it, it would be Nintendo.
im not much fan of this, i prefer to select a difficulty and try to beat it my self.
Congrats on 200...and this really shows how much nintendo always tried to keep innovating
21:59 a lot of spectacle fighters like devil may cry have this problem VERY badly. You have to be good to get high scores, but the high scores get you more money which allows you to buy more upgrades that makes the game easier. The players who are already good don't need that extra money as much as those who are struggling.
nintendo sucks... bur doesn't... but sucks... but fucking capitalism
As soon as the VO mentioned Star Fox around the 19-minute mark, I immediately thought of Star Fox 64 and its multiple layers of difficulty. You can unlock harder levels by fulfilling certain requirements. You can win medals by getting a high enough score. And once you get all the medals, Expert mode unlocks. And you can then add even more difficulty by going for all the medals again on Expert mode. And finally you can try to improve your high scores on each mission. Here's the complete progression, for Corneria:  1. Finish the level and go to Meteo 2. Meet the requirements to get the alternate boss and go to Sector Y 3. Get 150 points for the medal 4. Finish the level in Expert mode 5. Get the medal in Expert mode 6. Try to get 300+ points in Expert mode to show true Star Fox 64 mastery.
I'm just gonna say it, Dark Souls/From Bornesoft does the same thing.
Different type of optional coins that require skill to obtain and yield a distinct reward? That were introduced on the DS??? Bruh…did you not play Mario on the SNES?
9:31 "the most 90's level names imaginable", something tells me Mark needs to play more doom maps made by John Romero.
20:54 my favorite game company is nntendo
I feel like at this point, the canonical example of difficulty selection being disguised as character selection has to be Dark Souls, no?
I thought this was about the invisibility badge in Mario Wonder
Super Mario Wonder really got it right.
Maryio
the run button is easily my favorite version of this. at any point you can hold a button to make the game faster and more exciting, but also harder. bonkers how elegant and effective it is
Congratulations on 10 years and 200 episodes! That's absolutely wild; your stuff is so high-quality. I hope the next year brings another slew of fantastic GMTK videos.
Iswear, I read all these comments years ago.
What do you mean u guys dont ship the merch to Brazil?????
Happy 200th episode, Mark!
There is also another tool to consider: the power up inventory. You can use it to make a hard level easier, but you cannot use it all the time, so you are encouraged to be selective when to turn the difficulty down.
I like ultrakill's difficulty system, where the selected difficulty isnt just some stat changes, but behavior changes as well
On a note about Mario games gating away difficult levels behind an easier campaign: You can use warp zones or secret exits to progress the game faster. Finding warp zones/secrets exits is also a challenge in itself, especially in the NSMB games.
I wasn’t mentally prepared to have a face put to gmtk’s voice😭
Typo at @10:33 - "Nntendo"... I'm so sorry to point this out. Oh, it actually happens a few more times.  Still absolutely love the video, thank you!
This is why i love Elden Ring and the Dark Souls games. There are ways to make the games ridiculously easy. And then we have players who challenge themselves immensely, for example beating the game at level 1.
You know, despite all the complexities of modern game dev (and despite my own disdain toward the capitalist system) I've gotta hand it to the team behind Nintendo's in-house development. They may have missteps here and there, but they remain one of the only studios who really seem to get the idea that games can be fun. Not that games HAVE to be "fun," they can fill you with all sorts of emotions just like any other kind of art, but they CAN be just plain, old, non-ironic, fun-to-play games. In a world as miserable as this one can be at times, I appreciate that there's still a goofy cartoon plumber out here horking down mushrooms until he can beat a turtle within an inch of its life for the sake of the fungal monarchy.
New Ahoy and Gane maker's Toolkit in one day? Good day.
Congrats on your accomplishment! Here's to 200 more videos!
200 videos already?! Hell yeah dude, congrats!!
More than 30 mainline games???? What’s your list?
1:52 sounds like in other words self-inflicted challenge and optional challenges.
Thanks
I wish they had better rewards than 1-ups... Extra lives are extremely pointless rewards when you're already skilled enough to not die regularly.
GMTK discovers 100% runs
everyone seems to be hitting 10 years this year 😭 the retirement denial is real
Congratulations on your 200th episode. You've made me a better Game Moderator for Tabletop RPGs
Mario nipple %?
I never thought of the switch houses as being easy mode, I suppose they are! Or rather, NOT using them would be challenge mode. but I just thought of them as simple and effective rewards that make stages more fun.  wait the standees aren't checkpoints, are they? I mean in a way they are, since if you can book it back to one as a ghost, you get to survive. but you don't start there if you die, so that's not really a checkpoint. It's more of a risk-reward system where you are encouraged to place a new one, so if you die you can hit that, but it might not be a good place for one yet, so you might wait, and then be too far from your previous one to use it. Also I think you couldn't use your own?
it's not directly related to the difficulty, but I like that they encourage playing multiplayer, online, and swapping your character through character specific blocks. having things that only 1 player can see adds in replayability, encourages mastery and adds in this element of mystery and a shared goal that makes playing though the game in online mode worth it. between that and the standees being an excellent tool for new players it makes playing though wonder  feel like your part of a community
I am genuinely impressed by your hair, and wonder if it just naturally can pull off that height when cut that way, or if it requires additional effort.
My favourite difficulty increase in Mario Wonder is turning on online play when there are so many ghosts in a level that you can't focus on your player and end up making a lot of mistakes 😂
You mean to tell me that a player actually CHOOSES The Blue Pipe? I compel you to all to play a Red Pipe at least once. There is a lot of fun to grow into Green and Red; for all who can't or are unable, I wish you the fun I didn't have in Blue!
Happy 200th!
I think the difficulty design of 2D Mario games is really well done. And I despise it. However this is mainly a me problem. I am a compulsive completionist. Even back when I was 5-6 years old not getting every single star in Mario 64 was simply unthinkable to me. But I only really feel that way with stuff I know I missed. For example missing a illusion wall in Dark Souls doesn´t bother me because I don´t get shown how many of them there are or how many I found. But in Mario games I neeeed to get every single Star coin and every flagpole top. I agonize and my mood sours heavily when I miss a flagpole because now I need to redo the entire level again just for that flagpole. Now you might think that failing at a boss in Dark Souls and having to run back to the boss and redoing the level because of failing the flagpole top are very similar. But they are not. I can´t quite nail down why but they feel worlds apart to me.  In short: I heavily prefer my challenge to be frontloaded. When I beat a level then I did beat the challenge. There is no need to go back to that challenge. If I beat the challenge but I do not get the gold medal then what is even the point. If Mario levels would just require the challenges you need to do to get all extra goodies to beat them instead of making them optional would feel way better to me personal instead of making me dread if I missed a coin all the way through a level.
Mark, the quality of your videos and your dedication are top notch!
Notably, 3D Land's assist powerups permanently lock your save file out of a "perfect" rating.  Edit: Didn't expect that to pop up in the video, feel free to ignore me. Or laugh. Whatever.
congrats and thank you!
200 videos 🎉🎉🎉
I’ve always thought Kirby’s float was the most brilliant invisible difficulty setting. In theory it trivializes the entire game, in practice due to how the float reduces your speed, newer players will only use it to avoid whatever they’re uncomfortable with, which should gradually decrease as they’re occasionally forced to get closer to the levels hazards. Experienced players see the float as a challenge, as they try to get to the end as fast as they can, using it as little as they can get away with. And due to being a dynamic element everyone inbetween could use it to the degree they see fit.  The games repeatedly seem to be encouraging you to go faster. It seems they realized the potential back in Super Star Ultra, where the game timed every mode, had you race against DDD, and even let you play as a new character designed to go as fast as possible. But this is reverberated pretty consistently throughout the games with the game often sneaking little races for items into secret areas, and giving medals for good level times.  I’d say the failure to include it in any meaningful capacity was one of the reasons that Star Allies is regarded as boring and forgettable by most Kirby veterans at the very least. There was a lot wrong with that game, it’s kinda hard to believe they actually shipped it.
Dude I miss your videos! ¿Do you think you can make another weapon explained video? Or just talk some more about Spider-man?
2:05 “Every single mainline entry”  [jan Misali voice] So, which games did you play?
Rewarding people who already have skills with 1-ups to use when their already have skills fail them :)
I don't know which jackass you hired to edit this video but having the mario sunshine secret course theme looping the same part instead of continuing was obscenely distracting.
Congratulations on your 200th episode!
What I like about most of these "difficulty settings" is that by using different levels, bonuses or whatever, you don't feel bad, instead it makes the game more fun and easier to explore.  The game doesn't slap you in the face for being terrible, but instead rewards you for playing.
You should make a video talking about  the Japanese exclusive Wii channels, such as the Demae Channel! Would be cool to see you showcase them.
I wonder, is there some level layout tricks to change the difficulty for the players? I remember that in the old one Super Mario Brothers you could often go by entirely different root, which may be more or less difficult, which is some kind of seamless difficulty change based on your skills required to get to such roots
Congratz on 200 episodes and 10 years! Hope you'll revisit this difficulty discussion with other games. I've been on getting into Pokemon lately with Violet, and while I'm enjoying myself a lot, I can see a bunch of stuff that makes it way easier than previous titles. There's divisive EXP share between Pokemon that I quite like, but can't be turned off. There's the fact the latest title lets you swap Pokemon on the fly, likely due to the open-world nature of the game. And there's the fact that your team is fully healed at certain points right before a fight, which kinda breaks the self-imposed Nuzlokes. Lots of stuff to talk about there.
I’ve always thought difficulty sliders/options are a pretty bad idea especially for new players. A new player has no idea what each difficulty even means for the experience and often will question whether they picked the right one.
I really never comment on videos, but i have been watching your channel for the last year. Not a constant watcher but when i see your videos stacked i sure finish it in one go.  But let me tell you. You have taught me game design in the best way it could have been taught. Really you take care of every topic in game design.   Really like you constant i would like to learn till you want to teach.
but what did you think of mario land 2 and 3? Those were my favourites as a kid.
when I was a little kid, EVERYPLACE had super mario bros. It was at daycares, waiting rooms, everywhere. I could barely beat a level back then, at most I might have gotten partway into world 2, or used the warp zone then died instantly It never once occurred to me "This game should change to be easier for me."   it is just... the way things are.
Mario's biggest problem is that he's not real. What can we do to make him manifest more physically in the world? Nintendo can't fix that, so they have to pay him more than usual.
i still don't know why they don't just add an "i'm an adult" setting that you can only access in the pause menu or whatever. Feels like the easiest solution (and probably the most straight-forward one too). Even if it just increased the requirements to progress the game it'd be fine, as in Wonder it feels like you barely need to play to unlock the next area lol. At least it doesn't harass you about it though, which is nice. I like getting everything in each level, and if there was a constant "hey you should progress!!!' pop-up i'd just quit out of sheer annoyance.  got mario wonder as a christmas gift, and as with all mario games most of the levels are easy af (with 4 stars being hit-or-miss and 5 stars being hard kinda only because of how bad joy-cons are, but i haven't really bothered with 5-star levels yet since i want to beat the game first).  i also miss the score system. I liked collecting points, and while the timer always felt vestigial due to how overly-long it is i always enjoyed collecting points from random stuff.
I have problems with how patronizing the various assist features in past games can come off, but honestly everything else is the way to do it The efforts they take to allow people to get through the basic content of the games if they're struggling while also making it materially less rewarding and give access to less content to keep the integrity and sense of accomplishment of the challenging stuff is honestly something that should be industry standard, even Fromsoft games don't do that
9:55 lol I imidetly knew it was the lost levels
1:30 jan misali would like to have a word with you
The one improvement I'd love to see is decoupling cosmetic characters from difficulty. It seems arbitrary to force anyone who wants to play as Todette into an easier difficulty mode. Maybe I just like Todette ok, Nintendo?
Is this your 200th video? congrats, love the channel, nothing like it exist in all of YT
i can't believe you showed sunshine while describing the fact that some games give you choices in what levels to play to beat them
Mark, I've been a fan of your stuff since the Pocket Gamer days, when I first found your love for game design trying to burst out from those android game reviews haha 😄  Happy 200th, and heres to a new year full of exciting GMTK episodes!
You could totally play an amazing Jenga game with that stack of Mario titles.
I still love my goat mario😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
That's nuts! Happy 200 episodes! Here's to another 200, maybe a thousand! LFG, Mark!
27:00  one way to do it is to have a "dark world" version of every level, Super Mario Bros Dimensions (fan-game) proves that it can be done
Didn't know Mario games (I knew about  Mario Wii's assist. I suck at that game with the controls a lot more than DS/Galaxy/3D Land) had Difficulty Tuning (type of power ups, 1 ups, enemy types or otherwise or which games do it). I noticed in Spyro/Ratchet the health crates or butterflies in enemies already defeated appear but of course these days games have presets or don't go further difficulty tuning by much they don't push for evolving enemy AI, gaining or removing moves or less enemies in the areas/scaling different enemies types.  Games with some tutorials or little can make players that want to go oh I want to see what this does others want instructions. I like Minecraft to see the stars and experiment with them. I know oh enchantments are still two hits from 20 health mobs. Even with mods yeah 11 or 16 damage is worthless it's still two hits...... So unless it's 20+ couldn't care less. The zombies spawning and armoured ones on Hard do kind of determine it or Spider Jockeys even if a small percentage chance. Or I guess Enderman spawning. So many when you don't need it or do and they don't appear or do depending on always annoying. So get what you can when you don't need it as you barely see them when needing it.  Always hated Zombie swarms when they introduced that in a snapshot and I forgot if they kept it or removed it/downscaled it.  Spawners it's the same is the amount of enemies that do or don't spawn. I assume scaling but still besides hits of damage or health/hunger regen.  Difficulty Tuning can be more but I don't really see it. It's just repeating without noticing the minor differences. Or any at all even though it may but I don't know how many deaths to determine it.  I wish difficulty tuning was expanded upon but I just don't see it.  Also for level design as well. Scaling puzzles or having many then just a auto solve or the same puzzle but optional if hard but 3 variations for each player installed, I know a lot of work for Devs but I mean it's possible for all players to do at least 1 or all 3 or the hardest if they choose to.  I think enemies gaining or removing moves is really cool, lot of work and hence no one will do it sigh.
Thanks for the video :)
Awesome vid, excited to watch and support you for another year :)
pog 200 videos
4:28 The background music starts looping the same 10 seconds until 8:53 and it's driving me crazy! (good video so far otherwise) Edit: aaah from 11:23 to 17:13 too
I’m surprised you didn’t mention sunshine’s removal of abilities. Where fludd gets taken, can you complete this challenge without your crutch. Great video as always though.
I dunno about calling Mario Wonder a "reasonable level of challenge," personally. Everyone Ive spoken to who has played the the game has said its a bit too easy until you gain access to the last few challenges in the sepcial world.  Difficulty is also just... deeply subjective, regardless of a games actual challenge, so "reasonable levels" are tricky to confirm...
Great analysis as usual, but I was unreasonably bothered by one point. Surely the correct order is Green-Blue-Red, with green the easiest. From skiing to climbing, all sports I know of use the same colour order. What's with Blue-Green-Red?
You know, all this talk about difficulty settings reminds me of a debate that's I've seen come up in multiple places recently.   Do games need to be beatable by every player?
IS HE SAYING MARRY-O? MERRY OH? MARRY A HOE? HE SAYS MARIO WEIRD.
I love supermario sunshine but after reflecting on this I can see one of its flaws is that doesn't really apply as well as the other games that 3 pipes system. maybe that's why so many hate it
mario games are brilliant at letting you choose your own difficulty. However, I think we need an even harder pipe. For levels like myself who love these games we feel like they are still too easy.
This reminds me of kid icarus uprising's difficulty system. You can bet hearts on your ability to beat a level on a certain level of difficulty. If you die, you lose some of those hearts, and the difficulty drops a bit. You can also spend hearts to have a super low difficulty, but there's no return. It's really cool, and it encouraged me to play at higher difficulty levels. Add in the intensity gate system, and it was really cool.
nice new  video :)
Whenever people talk about _Souls_ games needing an easy mode, my counter is always that it would be more on-brand to lean in one or more of these directions instead. In particular, it would be a great idea to do the _Mario 64_ thing of letting the player pick which X out of Y zones to complete to make it to the ending, maybe with a better ending if they make it through all of them (kind of like what _Hollow Knight_ did with its multiple endings). Or to provide a way to get dynamic in-game advice for areas they're struggling with, like from an NPC who follows you around, Navi-style, and only speaks if you choose to interact with them.
Marvelous video. I love how subtle Nintendo can be setting this sort of stuff which can be obvious to many experienced players but the real quality test is perceiving it when it's not actually showing up. Your channel is always amazing. Once again, greetings from Brazil.
I really wish it translated into different Nintendo games. Pokemon games tend to be very easy and present basically no challenge, despite even having numbers to tweak (reduced XP share, higher wild Pokemon levels, making trainers have more/less Pokemon, etc.). These games even have mechanics, that give advantage to the player and aren't used by AI, like allowing you to change Pokemon after seeing what next the enemy will throw at you or giving items to all your Pokemon. While it hurts me how little these games evolved, lack of any difficulty changes hurts me most.
Congratulations on 200 videos!
Pokemon has invisible difficulty too. The bad Pokemon are hard mode.
God, I remember the "Super Guide" getting so much hate and flack from "GamersTM" when it was unveiled. Like, insane amounts of hate and venom to the idea.
Makes me really wish Game Freak used a similar philosophy while working on Pokémon games.  The main games are so easy, we veterans often have to do self-challenge runs.
I think the design of giving players invincibility power-ups for failing on stages in modern Mario games is condescending.  It is even worse if the game doesn't acknowledge in any way that you essentially skipped a level.  I understand that the design problem of keeping struggling players engaged is very difficult and I understand my views are probably shaped by the era of gaming in which I grew up.  What Nintendo does better than most who employ this design is they make optional and transparent to the player.
24:51 SPELLING MISTAKE :O NNTENDO
2:09 what do you define as mainline?
Will you habe to Play mind over Magnet?
Regarding the Switch Palace Blocks in _Super Mario World:_ I always found it a bit counterintuitive that the Switch Palaces are hidden, (except for yellow) so that you'd only be able to find them if you were a good player. Probably good enough to not need the extra help, while the people who DO need the extra help likely aren't going to find the Switch Palaces. Though, the game does have several instances where you need the blocks to gain access to certain hidden exits and harder bonus levels, which does feel like a better use of those blocks. You found the Switch palaces? Then you can access this additional, harder, content.
Mark Rosewater had an article about a similar thing for magic the gathering, he used the term lenticular game design. Since depending on the way you were viewing a card, at a beginner or advanced level, changed your understanding of the card. But the key is to still understand the card in either case, or to grok it. So what you do is make a card with a simple to understand first reading, but the way it interacts with the system includes things that an advanced play can opt in to. Like imagine a spell that make one of your minions disappear for a turn, and the next turn it comes back plus a card from your graveyard. A new player can go "Oh, it goes down to the underworld and saves them, nice!" and an advanced player can go, "This could be really good with cards that have effects trigger when they enter play." Basically, the card's effect scales with how much information you know about the game and its applications.
Thanks for this new video :)
NNTENDO twice in this video at least
Wow 200 eps, great job!
10:00
What is this weird royalty-free feeling music at the beginning? This feels off from your usual style.
Congrats on 200 videos! Let's shoot for 300 by 2025 😤😤
I didn't get to play a lot of games as a kid, and didn't really get to touch most of the NES and SNES titles until I was an adult. Arguablly, childhood is the best time to learn how to play games like this, so picking them up in my early 20s didn't help any. And as we all learn in adulthood, we have less time to play and get better at games, so easier settings is a plus. That's why easy modes are great, you can experience the story, or game in general, without nearly as much of the grind.
Yeah, the risk with "here are things in the game that you can collect/unlock to make things easier" is that the players who need the help either won't be good enough to get the things, or won't be brave/curious enough to discover they're there, while the skilled players will discover them and, as Sid Meier once said "optimise the fun out".  Of course, it's not universal that gamers will sabotage their own fun - any challenge run is a direct counter-example - but there's definitely an issue with earlier Mario games that the warp zones and other "here's how to make the game much easier" features were hidden as rewards for skillful play and a bad enough player won't be able to access the things that would make the game easy enough for them to make progress...
4:58 lol wtf is going on with the music here? Siivagunner?
The nuanced way that cooperative play interacts with the extra challenges in Wonder is particularly impressive. My spouse and I can be playing the same game, on the same screen, at the same time, with dynamically different difficulty, completely seamlessly. It elevates the co-op experience even compared to 3D World and NSMBWii, and it makes the awkward attempts at skill level balancing in online cooperative shooters and RPG look hopelessly crude.
Fantastic video! I got my nephew Mario Wonder for Christmas and it was fascinating to watch someone who has never played Mario start to learn and how the game caters to newer players. Great breakdown!
1:30 What about assist mode in Mario Odyssey
I'm happy that you've stuck around and made videos like this one. It is really fun and interesting what you find in games. Especially for me, who also likes looking for the "hidden gems" of game design.
Super well made video! I like the visuals you used and the pipe analogy
22:08 That's a positive feedback loop, not negative. In feedback loops "positive" and "negative" don't mean "good" or "bad", they mean something more like "accelerates" or "counteract". Rewarding a player who's winning with something that makes will make it easier for them to win more is very much a positive feedback loop.
2:16 "I mean every single mainline Super Mario game" Ahh, but the question is how many mainline entries are there?
Yoshi's island, easier ?!! It's an entirely different game than regular mario, you shoot eggs and all!!
@mark One quibble in an incredible video.  The 1-ups are a good reward because the ENCOURAGE risk-taking, so are not automatically making the game 'easier'.
I've played nearly all these games all my life and seeing how many ways Nintendo explores difficulty assist is jaw dropping. Thanks for lifting the curtain 😄
Congrats on the 200th video, I’ll be glad to keep seeing you around
15:00 What!?, that Exist in Galaxy 2!?
i feel like mario wonders badges are a really fun way to do difficulty - if youre struggling you can use some of the badges out to help like the bounce off the bottom of the screen badge or the parachute cap; but theyre both also good for skilled players who can use them well. if you want to just be more medium difficulty you can use more quality of life badges like coin vacuum or just some of the more gimmicky less useful but still fun badges like the extra run speed or grapple vine badges; and if you want a real challenge you can use the three expert badges - i played a majority of the game with jet run and it felt awesome and really hard and i think thats an awesome thing to have as a bonus challenge in a mario game its not even like going for the easier badges feels like an easy mode because they change the way you play and for the most part are just genuinely fun to use even if it is easier
Nintendo has always been in the same wavelength as someone like me, because unpopular opinion incoming: Difficulty settings are a lazy design to compensate a gamer's desire for easier or harder games, when there are hundreds if not thousands of games that would fit that niche without the need of a menu.  Same thing applies to Multiple Characters being playable, if done wrong, the story and the gameplay can feel unfocused, forced, or a mixture of the two.
This really reminds me of how hidetaka Miyazaki is committed to not implementing difficulty modes but rather naturally adding features that can make the game easier while fitting perfectly in the context of the actual game
"I played *all* the mainline Mario games."  Oh, did you?  Are you suuuure about your exact list?  😂 https://youtu.be/XejJ6PzPtEw?si=tcJW3VNg30q_BjVA  Great content as always!
mah-rio
6:10 Hard disagree on Yoshi's Island being one of the "easiest" Mario games!
It's-a you! Markio! Congrats on #200!
My dodging skills are so good that even the game is jealous.
Great video... tho do I spot the "Mind Over Magnet"-background in the info sections 🤔.  Cheeky
Yoshi's Island might be pretty easy, but each world has 2 secret stages you can unlock which are pretty difficult.
Congrats on hitting 200 videos! I've been watching since your very first(?) video on Toki Tori 2+, and the show has completely changed the way I interact with games. You've inspired a great love of game design, and I'm always excited to see a new video release. Looking forward to Mind Over Magnet!
Wonder's wriggler races have a subtle bit of dynamic difficulty.  Wriggler will slow down if you're not keeping pace.  My 5yo beat a wriggler race by walking the entire time, since wriggler kept doubling back to sandbag.
...wait, TWO Nintendo 64 cartridges? Was there ever another mainline game on that system along SM64...?
There was one flaw in the Mario 3D Land assist system that bugged me a lot. The star sparkle (or I think it was an extra star that didn't show up on the screen; either way) punishment didn't apply when you used the assist mode, but when it showed up. Since I liked to fully complete a level before finishing it, I would often deliberately jump in a pit if I missed a coin and couldn't go back to it, and some times, I had to retry often enough that the assist box showed up. So by trying to show a certain sort of expertise (100%ing levels in the first go through), I was punished as though I needed assistance.
Thank you for 200 videos Mark! This is by far my favorite YouTube channel. I love game design, and though I haven’t officially made a game yet (hopefully one day), I do often use your stuff when I GM at my weekly D&D night.  Here's to many more years and more great game design insights!
Thank you for this wonderful analysis. Even as a seasoned GMTK viewer I learned quite a bit.
What? Mario Odyssey and harder difficulty? I went through most of the content of the game and almost nothing challenged me and I am not even that good at platformers, so the baby-level difficulty was the biggest disappointment to me...
8:37 it isn’t any harder as Luigi though, just tedious
Mario Wonder may have introduced the open areas where the player can choose which levels they play, but plenty of the 2D Mario games (and 3D World) have had branching paths on the overworld that had the same effect. Some of them even had branching to different worlds, which accomplishes both the red pipe and blue pipe thing, giving a reward for finding exits and giving multiple possible paths through the game for someone who finds one path too difficult.  I would say that the wonder coin thing in Mario Wonder is a little bit of a step back in this difficulty system from the way star coins opened up difficult levels in previous games. Getting wonder coins allows you to buy 1ups to make the game easier, but the ones who will be able to get those coins more easily will be less likely to need those 1ups, it's the negative feedback loop thing again.
Jan Misali just off screen having a stroke when GMTK declares he's played "every mainline Super Mario game"
making an easy game is harder than making a hard game after all...
Defining “difficulty” has always intrigued me, as there are so many different ways to measure difficulty. Really cool analysis! I’ve always had fun making my own challenges. And keeping extra challenges as side content is very clever.
"Every mainline Mario game" *proceeds to place Mario Maker*
earthworm jim let you select if you wanted an easy route or a hard roue at the end of the level
Super Mario 3D World was amazing. I wish we get Super Mario 3D Wonder.
I think one of the biggest features of Mario's difficulty is how it seamlessly integrates into the game, whereas in other games you'd need to pick a difficulty setting upfront or at the very least change it in a settings menu somewhere. Both variants kind of take you out of the game by altering some kind of meta-setting; with Mario it is often a game object or item directly in the game world. At the same time, in Mario the player still retains agency over whether they want to use these features or not. There is no internal, hidden difficulty adjustment that changes the enemy HP or behavior akin to Dishonored, but the player has to actively decide  to activate Luigi Mode or go for that challenging Star Coin.
5:43 those green stars are relatively mandatory in 3D world, you need quite a lot of them to open the final boss
Great to see 200 episodes reached as a milestone. What hurt me a bit, was seeing Nntendo in a few instances instead of Nintendo. It seems like an error from one quote that was carried over to different quotes. Other than that, it's a great overview and depth, I haven't expected.
COngrats on 200 videos !
this is great, just delightful :P tbf most 2d platformers or indie games are the best games for a GMTK video xD
22:22 Another thing about hiding more difficult challenges as a reward for completing challenges is that, similarly to how assists don't show up unless the game is confident you are struggling and need some help, expert challenges won't appear or become available until the player can demonstrate their skill and prove that they're capable of taking on the more difficult levels. This way, the difficulty won't overwhelm less skilled players and make them feel like they haven't truly completed the game, since they won't even see the more difficult challenges. This is a key part of what makes Mario games more approachable and less intimidating to new players.
Interesting 🎉🎉
"Every single mainline mario game"  Jan Misali would have some opinions about that statement
I had no idea there was an extra level for just getting coins in Wonder.
Congrats on 200 awesome episodes!!!
Lean toward the harder difficulty then! I’m only 20 and I forced myself to gain skill with SMB3 growing up. Now I play Romhacks for Fun.
200th video 🎉🎉
I think the switch palaces in SMW were not just about making the game easier, there's a few places where they're part of the expected route, and some secrets require glitches to access without them. I think the game developers intended them to be more of a reward than a crutch. This is also evident that a few levels featuring them need to be beaten to unlock the relevant switch palace, if they were just to make the game easier they wouldn't be useful in a level you need to beat to unlock the palace, you're clearly already able to beat that level. But giving a cape power up before a secret exit that requires flying under the exit is a pretty good reward for exploring.
I think Wonder nailed it, and this is a good showing of how they got there.
Congrats on passing 100 videos!
I'm amazed you didn't mention Bubzia and his legendary SM64 blindfold speed runs as part of the self-imposed challenges.
The coolest thing I've learnt from this video is that bronze stars exist. That's very exciting to me, it's going in my trivia bank.
8:38 I love how without any further explanation, this makes it sound like being Luigi is just inherently harder than being Mario.
Congrats on 200, that could not have been easy!
I think Mario Wonder has something that alot of games are lacking, its charming. Most games don't give a rat crap about being charming, that game just oozes it. Its pretty to look at, when a game feels charming, you feel it. Same feeling with Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze.
Very in depth analysis as always, Mark. Overall I appreciate these more organic forms of difficulty adjustment and respect them as more elegant designs. But I guess the one thing that does niggle at me a bit with this approach is that it can sometimes make it difficult as a player to sus out what the "intended" way to play the game is.   This is one thing that annoys me about RPGs. I'm never certain if I'm at the "right" level to take on a challenge or if I'm "supposed" to grind more xp first. Additionally, when I played a Souls-like game for the first time, I picked a magic casting class, only to realize later that doing so was apparently the game's equivalent of playing on "easy" mode. I was a bit miffed at discovering this.   So with something like the badge system, it can be tough to know if the designer wants me to use a given badge as a normal tool in my toolbox or as a crutch if things get too difficult. The feeling is particularly accentuated by the fact that many of the badges like the parachute cap badge sort of take the place of movement based power ups in previous games. Playing New Super Mario Bros Wii without powerups definitely seems like a self imposed challenge in a way that not using something like the safety bounce badge doesn't. But the line is blurred with badges like the parachute cap which is basically just a squirrel suit from New Super Mario Bros U or the boosting spin jump which is lifted from the default moveset in Super Mario Galaxy.  None of this to say that the badge system or anything like it is bad. As a more skilled player, I quite like the added potential depth to the moveset they provide, but I do think if it's meant as an optional opt-in to reduce difficulty, it somewhat fails because it seems more integrated into the core experience of the game, something akin to powerups, than super guides or Nabbit.  But that's just my two cents. I certainly have no problem with games leaving open plenty of territory for self imposed challenges. 😉
I can't understate how much of a welcome addition the Badges are to Super Mario Bros. Wonder. Using them feels great and they've been a big help in getting me through the Stages and clearing all those extra challenges. Congratulations on 200 videos!
Pokémon does this. If you think Pokémon games are too easy, use worse Pokémon. If you think Pokémon games are too difficult, the game usually hands you the box legendary free of charge.
I keep getting distracted by the music loops that keep getting cut short until the very end of the explanation. It sounds off.
feels like I've watched way more than 200 videos from this channel 😅  🎉
“Every single mainline entry in the Super Mario series”  Tell that to jan Misali
Mario stages have always felt fine to me, but the main complaint I have about Mario games for years is how boringly easy the bosses are. Kirby games are kind of the inverse of this where the stages are pretty easy, but bosses are much more involved and ramp up in difficulty and scale
I still think the way Metroidvanias handle it is the best; if you're having trouble, explore to find goodies that make you stronger. If you find it too easy, skip the goodies and shoot for a faster time. Really my only complaint is that many of them lock you into using the goodies you found. You can't downgrade your nail in Hollow Knight, for instance, which can permanently give you the option to face-tank major encounters. It works really well for the speedrun metagame, though.
the old school sonic games definitely had a similar idea of difficulty levels built into the level design. If you keep your speed as long as you can, you'll likely stay at the top level, make a mistake and you'll drop down a level
Such an excellent video.
"Absurd wind physics" 😂
Personally, my favorite part about super mario wonder was that, despite the game being really easy, you can completely break the game apart if you have the skills for it. Infinite wall jumps with the floaty jump badge and bubble flower flight can allow you to basically go wherever you want if you can pull them off consistently, and while it isn't always useful by being faster or letting you get to unintended areas it's rewarding simply by allowing you to test yourself. I have the theory that these things were left in intentionally, despite nintendo being known for patching out skill-based exploits like one sided wall jumps or midair shell jumps, which is a huge step in the right direction for them
A comment. Just found this video randomly.
16:42 Then you haven't seen the old AH video with them playing this game. Geoff would basically make the game unplayable and drain all the lives available
You played all the _mainline_ Mario games, eh?  Insert Jan Misali Reference Here.
I am definitely not a fan of locking off all the difficult stuff to post game content, not only do you make good players have to go through the entire game in order to get any sort of challenge. You also risk them dropping the game entirely out of boredom or if they didn't know about the post game content just dropping the game at end credits and thinking it was a waste of time.   I experienced this personally with 3D land on the 3DS, I hadn't actually played any of the stage based Mario games in the past so I didn't know the game had any post game content and I just thought the game was way too easy.
Congratulations on these big milestones !!
Cool that you reference SMB Deluxe and the 3DS port of SM Maker! You really did play every game!
"It's fine if it appears when you're on the verge of tears, but [not] if it pops up when you're still brimming with determination to do it." 20:53 And after that phrase I recall God of War: Ragnarok where I didn't spend 10 seconds on a old puzzle from the previous game, they're telling me what to do. They should've learn this thing too.
if I ever make a game... I'll rewatch this to understand how to define difficulty in other ways than just changing stats of things
I love your videos dude! This was so interesting, it's something I kinda knew but never consciously noticed. Keep up the good work!😄 Btw, there's a typo in "Nintendo" at 20:50 😬
The sunshine music track having a fucked up loop is the funniest shit.
every single game in the mainline super mario series? jan misali would like a word
Mark didn’t blur that save file name to protect the identity of a loved one, he did that so no one can prove that his loved one is so much better at the game than him.
Something I noticed about Odyssey when watching differently skilled players is that the same level can have multiple "main paths".  If a level presents a goal with a large gap between you and the goal, a skilled player will work out that they can combine all of the different jumps with precise timing to get over the gap and get to the goal in record time. A less skilled player might not realise and explore around the level and find a much easier route to the goal. The same puzzle has multiple difficulty levels in disguise that invisibly gets tailoured to how familiar you are with the game.
Interessing how nintendo where alredy in the best design of dificulty ajustment all along. This is much better than for example resident evil 4 where the dificulty adjust simply by how frequently you lose the game. It feels not organic, like the game sayng "too hard for you, let me change the dificulty you liking or not", while nintendo is more subtle, giving optional challenges, and helps to people stuck. I think this doesn't aply so well to every game though, sunshine for example is significantly though and linear, you don't need all shines but need almost all of them and in the order there, you can't select the one you will get, you need get all first 6 if I remember correctly. But yes, Mario have lots of moments like "do you real want that? ok, pick it if you can"
“I played through every mainline super Mario game”  Intense flashbacks  *yeah but how many games is that*
Congrats on 200 videos! 🎉 Always a pleasure
“Star coins started in new super Mario”  The fuck they did.  Yoshi coins in Mario World was the same damn thing.
Note that you can't 100% New Super Mario Bros Wii nor Super Mario 3D Land if you ever see (not even use) a Super Guide Block for the former or an Assist Block for the latter. You'll still be able to have five stars on your save file but they won't be sparkling. New Super Mario Bros 2 and U aren't as punishing. In the former you can restore the sparkles by beating a level you triggered the assist in by yourself, and in the latter by simply not using it (which means that you don't have to reset your game if you trigger it).
Huge props for mentioning SMB Deluxe, probably the only game where getting a high score is an optional level objective
Congrats on 200 videos!! Love to see you guys still finding such great topics to talk about!
Great video as always, thank you Mark
The Grumps recently referred to Yoshi and Nabbit in Wonder as "little brother mode."  Which is both a perfect way to describe that and incredibly amusing to me because I'M the one who needs the help.  My little brother is the one who has beaten the game while I tag along trying not to die
Spelling it as "Nntendo" several times? Unwatchable!  Dumb joke comment aside, congrats on 200 videos. Your insights are always fascinating and your work is always enjoyable to watch.
The level at 19:40 took me so many lives to complete in Wonder but it sure felt good finally beating it
I really wish they left apart lives and put a slow mode like Celeste for hardcore something like a modality with no checkpoints on a level would be fine
As somebody working on a game GMTK has been incredibly helpful for me.  It is truly surprising what you can learn from other game even if they are in a completely different genre. As an example your video on Jusant and climbing in that game inspired me to add certain mechanics to one of the playables in my realism based semi-Gorey survival game.
Congrats on reaching 200 episodes!! Your videos are so rewatchable and I love putting them on when I wanna learn about my favourite games or just feel like delving deeper into what makes them tick :)
The background music looping the same two bars throughout the first section made it unwatchable once I noticed it
20:50, Satoru Iwata is working at "Nntendo" instead of "Nintendo"
"Every single mainline entry in the Super Mario Bros. Series". But: how do you know what's mainline? (to the tune of "we didn't start the fire" by "jan Misali")
Wait, hold up.  Idk if itsdifferent in different countries, but toadette is not easy mode. Nabbit and Yoshi are the only easy mode characters??
20:52 - I agree with hiding the assist modes until players need then. But then what happened in Mario Maker 2? I'd say I am quite good at platformers, yet I still remember the freaking campaign with Luigi chiming in after each death.   "Hey bro, if you're having trouble with a course, why don't you git gud?"  And before someone points this out: Yes, I am aware that this has been patched after release.
Recently played through the beginning of Mario Wonder with friends, and one of them had a lot of trouble wall jumping because she rarely ever played platformers at all beforehand. It made me think back just a bit on this whole thing, and it's kinda refreshing.
I know this channel usually goes into intentional design, but this video makes me wonder about player set difficulty, such as the Nuzlockes in pokemon, an entirely fan crafted, yet popular difficulty option
you just wanted an excuse to play every mario game, didn't you... i did like the video tho
Difficulty settings are lame, make one  and lets people decide.
Isn't the Mario in the thumbnail an AI recreation from someone that typed "Mario in Paris" that was posted two days ago?
14:43 that was a good one 😂
Excellent video, like the previous 199 times !  another take on difficulty is how it's done in the thief trilogy, where "more difficult" just means "more objectives": this naturally leads to more exploration, planning and immersion. also, you can change it every time you begin a mission.
Multiple times during this video, during the quote sections, you said "NNTENDO" instead of "NINTENDO"
Fascinating. Great video
Damn. Has it really been 200 videos? Congrats on all the years of content.
Had never heard of that Super Mario 2 story. Cool
i used to like your videos before you started showing your face. I don't wanna see that
So we can sum this entire video up with "Optional objectives are a great way for players to organically choose their own difficulty throughout the duration of a game".
Hey guys did you know that Mario stands for medium and Luigi stands for large
Fun fact : Under the 10-coin at 26:44, there's a Daisy block that contains a drill mushroom, which can trivialise the following section
Just make optional levels hard and mandatory levels progress from easy to average difficulty
oooh 30 minutes give us more Mark MORE
0:43 Nintendo brought that on themselves with the Lost Levels
14:55 "slightly unsettling" is putting it mildly - I remember being at 110 stars or something before seeing Cosmic Rosalina for the first time and it seriously scared me until I realized why she appeared. At that point, I was at the home stretch, super comfortable with the game and just cleaning up (not aware that there were 120 green stars in the postgame), so this character caught me completely by surprise at a point where I wasn't expecting new characters.
That is a great example made with Mario and From Software copies from it, but everybody just wants a prompt saying "ok now you on easy".   The most beautiful thing about this design for dificulty is, the player choose how they want to interact with the game, if they want to have bottomless pit, fine, but for those like me, that hate bottomless pits, it is amazing that I can just reduce their numbers massively and focus trick jumbps, wall maneuvers and so on, that I like the most.
In addition to the P-wing in M3, there is literally a tanuki suit that makes you temporarily invincible
Please don't ever do an intro with such music again. Very distracting
Congratulations on 200 videos!
Gotta love the deep dives whenever you cover Nintendo’s mastery in the craft. We have been quite fortunate to enjoy that consistent quality out of such a developer in our time
Kirby games are some of the easiest games by Nintendo. But nearly all of them are quite challenging and feel like a completely different game if you chose to not use copy abilities and only Kirbis core abilities. Most bosses in fact are designed around the idea you can beat them wo having a copy ability. But then again the games dont give you any rewards for doing so.
Now that I have kids, I discovered this about Mario and Minecraft.  Allow me to talk about Minecraft for a moment:  it has the best invisible difficulty settings I've ever known. Just like with lego, my kids naturally reach for the pieces that they understand.  When my oldest was 3, he would make dirt houses. Then he started adding windows. Then he made a basement with a ladder. Then some tunnels. Then added switches and buttons. Then added rail cars. Then began crafting things.  Then discovered redstone, etc.  He's had this close relationship iwth minecraft for years and it's never felt like he was too young or twoo old for it. And none of this required me deciding "you're ready for the next bit so I'll enable it, or get you to the next area, or buy the DLC."  From the very start the game enabled ALL of this, but never skill checked with, "you MUST learn to use x, y, and z, to keep playing." This meant my son could advance to the "next level" whenever he was ready, while never feeling like the game was telling him he wasn't yet good enough.  Every other game he plays for a while then walks away from suffers from the same issue: he gets to a point where he can't continue, so he loses interest.
Happy 200th episode mate! Congrats!
The Mario Sunshine secret level theme never reaching a chorus is giving me serious auditory blue balls.
"a series on video game design" THE RETURN OF THE FULL INTRO LET'S GO
Congratulations on your 200th video 🎉🎉. Hope for 200th more
i always use lvl up to get the difficulty right
this is such a cool video concept!
This is why I love the super mario maker franchise. Just let us make the levels as easy/difficult as we want.
has it been 200 already? congrats!
Congrats on the 200th video, Mark!
mario was my childhood, did not have many consoles where i lived but one of the knock-offs had copied mario and it was amazing
Love the 200th video milestone. Your work is always excellent and top notch💖💖
1:29  "Which is why in more than 30 mainline super mario games" Jan Misali is rolling in their grave right now (except they aren't dead)
Happy 200th episode mate!
Пон
Yoo 200th video? Thats crazy man keep up the grind
I only know Mario the Hollywood superstar. He has a couple of video games too??
That reminded me of the jan misali "what are the mainline super mario game?"
Love your. Channel. Keep going
Just I needed on a Friday! I love watching your videos over my lunch hour!
Amazing video! I remember in Mario Galaxy as a kid always feeling like the game did a perfect job of meeting my difficulty exceptions. Love have an explanation for why!
Heck yeah
U r the best
Love your work
I think we can all agree that the best difficulty setting in a Mario game is “You can now play as Luigi.”
Yaa! We missed you
I love these Super Mario videos
Keep it up!
