Click my link to get a 1-year supply of immune-supporting Vitamin D3K2 & 5 travel packs FREE with your first purchase! https://drinkag1.com/wendigoon
Aww yea Mothman!!! (There’s a festival too)
The greatest cryptid of all time is the Goblin King of Akron.  Look it up.
31:00 dog ningen
10 min before it starts if ya wanna save time
mothman is kind of like absol pokemon when uyou think about it
The kraken HAS to be S tier. It's literally (kind of) in the Iliad. It's badass and dangerous and REAL. S tier.
As a lifelong Michigan resident, the dog man is very disappointing to me because…. Werewolf with extra steps. Though the radio thing was always kind of neat.
I hope the thylacine is rediscovered in the future, it’s such a cool creature and I’m so sad they’re extinct
I’m gonna respectfully disagree with your placement of the Kraken. I think it at the very least deserves an A tier if not an S. It literally has a hockey team named after it.
I recently read The Fractal Code, and it approached cryptids as consciousness beings trying to manifest physically, using whatever biological material they can anchor into. It explained the stitched forms, the decay, even the sulfur scent. That thought came rushing back while watching this.
I HOPE the drop-bear is on this
maaaaan, i feel chupacabra deserved a higher place, such a legend and I'm from europe, so i never even heard of a lot of the american known ones like skunk ape
Skip to 10:26 to save yourself time.
Naah, the "dogman" is just a furry convention attendant, that got lost on a yiffing trip.
Hehe “lake” Loch Ness, oh to be a Scotsman and hearing that. That’s like saying Lake Lake Ness 😂
IT TOOK 10 MINUTES TO GET TO THE POINT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is the longest December I’ve ever lived through 😪
10:00  he finally gets started on the content of the title.
Nessy is real, i saw it once
1:27 “if your the guy who made this iceberg, you know who you are. I shot you-“
I have a confession to make. I though jackalopes were real animals for way too long. I don't know why I never caught on, I think I was mixing them up with jackrabbits and thought they were related.
Ive been to point pleasant, the museum was awesome.
yeah sure okay but my favorite is zinogre
FYI that loch Ness monster photo the one in gray and white the most famous One the dude was on his deathbed and he said that that photo was fake just letting y'all know
Mothman is overrated.
Bro the intros are too long lol
30:08 Y’all think Beorn’s (from The Hobbit) dogs were dogmen? Y’know, since they walked upright on their back two paws to walk. Can’t remember if the movie(s) portrayed that or not.
JACKALOPES! I *ADORE* them! Anyone remember that one Disney and/or Pixar animated short about Jackalope Joe?
Good call on the Jersey Devil. I used to drive through the Pine Barrens every freaking day when I lived in NJ and it’s such an unsettling feeling. And I’m usually desensitized to such things! I’ll explore haunted houses but get out of my car on the NJ expressway? NOPE.
in my headcanon yeti and bigffot have always been the same species, but different subspecies.
30:25 pretty sure that's just the IT guy
Yapping stops at 10:26 btw
Video begins at 10:20 btw (also, *Bruh*)
The proper video starts at 10 minute mark... Almost 1/3 of the video... is not the video.
Mothman stole my catalytic converter
No Mountain Monsters is crazy😢😢😢
He seemed to eat those words for sure.
BRO YOU FORGOT EAST VIRGINIA! The biggest crytpid of all! 😂
Just here to inform that Bigfoot is the most boring, generic, fake cryptid.
For your consideration for Krakens:  Some researchers believe that some Kraken sightings were mating groups of Orcas, whose males would violently splash at the surface flopping their large, pink, tentacle shaped penises out of the water en-masse in some sort of breeding frenzy.
I used to hate cryptids cause i was like forced to watch stupid history channel shit and their shows were insufferable to me ( i still cant really get over conspiracies ) but just the way you talk about them in this video makes me feel like a kid again
Just wanna point out you yapped for literally 10 min before talking ab cryptids
Ya yo boys wake up my boy posted
I regret to inform you that Mothman immediately makes me think of someone who did a Mothman song filk to YMCA.
Holy shit buddy, 11 minutes till the video actually starts?
Interesting side note on the coelacanth-- the grandson of the guy who discovered it hosts {Hosted?} a show on Animal Planet Extinct or Alive that goes in search of Animals that are thought to be extincted--And they've actually found a few! Really worth a check in.
The Chupacabra always annoys me. They took a unique, original Cryptid {Reptilian quilled, glowing eyes drinking blood} and then the US took it and turned it into a mangey dog and now any reports of the Original Chupacabra are written off as lies or myths. It feels like cultural appropriation and trying to erase a cultural myth.  Going by the original Chupacabra {Which is the one I go with as the other one is just a wild dog with mange or maybe a slight genetic defect} I always thought it was some kind of extraterrestrial. it'd explain why it just showed up kinda out of the blue.
Wendigoon, I've been watching and listening to your icebergs while working out at the gym! Thank you for hours upon hours of content!!!!
10 minute intro holy fuck dude
Bro wasting my time taking 10 minutes to get into the actual video
10:26 before the first cryptid. Good god
This video is how I find out Jackalope’s aren’t real… I’m 26 years old… Lived in Texas my whole life and have seen the mounts in restaurants and what not… I CANT be the only one who have always just thought they were just a cool animal out there.. shocked
finally someone mentions the Tupperware god. he still owes me three lids.
A 10 min intro where absolutely nothing is said.
notice how wendis teeth went green after the ag1?
Hi ✨ I'm italian and I did the same thing with the chupacabra stuff... I wrote about It for a class assignment 😅 the teacher was shoket abt my hyperfixation (there was full of grotesque/bl00dy description, I was a weirdo as a kid) so ... Yes they calls my parents
11:06 Odd font choice of the bigfoot stand. Berthold Block Berlin. A german newspaper font of the early 1900's.
Bigfoot/Sasquach - 10:26 Loch Ness Monster/Nessy - 12:10  Mothman - 14:14 Kraken - 16:30 Yeti/Abominable Snowman - 18:19 Tasmanian Tiger/Thylacine - 19:59 Skunk Ape - 20:45 Champie - 22:45 Chupacabra/Goat Sucker - 24:20 Jackalope - 26:27 Jersey Devil/Leads Devil - 28:46 Dogman - 30:08
skibidi
I’m only watching because of your hair 😂
🦋 yes! mothman > bigfoot!
This dude sucks ffs takes 30mins to start the fkin video
Actually The cryptid iceberg may be a real life godzilla aka antarctic godzilla
In McCall Idaho, I know of a creature kind of like the lotus monster called Sharly really popular creature in that town
13:42 Isaiah saying Nessie is overrated with a Nessie flag behind him.
Love you but a ten and a half minute intro is ridiculous
The improperly pronounced thylacine hurts the soul
Wendigooner
10:23 iceberg
The intro is insanely long
10:21 time the video actually starts 🫶🏻
Start of iceberg 10:20
Jesus loves you
Hmm dog man the head of a dog and the body of a man where do I know that?
Bigfoot is definitely not a cryptic, he’s real, haven’t you seen his vlogs?
I will swear until I die that jackalopes are real. I remember seeing one at Canyon Lake, Texas
you buggin Kraken is S tier
14:28 correction,the first sighting was between november 11th 1966 and November 15th 1966(i dont knwo what day) when four or so men digging a grave or something like that spotted a large black red eyes creature flying near them...
No yeah Champie isn’t super interesting, it’s just sorta a mascot for Burlington, big love for Lake Champlain and Burlington, would love for Champie to be real and encounter it on the ferry over from ny
The dogman is also the worlds best cop
Man to think this started at the same time as creepcast...
I feel like in Florida there are skunk apes walking around everywhere😂
10 mins before the vid starts :|
Who else already watched his entire series is just watching it again because it took too long to make the next episode
How are you ten minutes in and still haven’t started
So as a queer woman, I sometimes feel weird amongst this fan base.  But god damn it @wendigoon  it’s so great that you’re normalizing doing research. Some history gets labeled as “conspiracy theories” just to throw people off the scent. And here you are, presenting to a hugeeeely diverse audience. Love it so much. I’ve been a fan since 2020 and I’m sticking around :)
10 FKN MINUTES OF TALKING BEFORE THE DAMN VIDEO STARTED.... IM OUT
10:23 first cryptid mentioned ❤😂🍿
Video starts at 10:25
10:22
I mosly know about Josh Gates from his series Expadition unkown
when the guy Lauren Coleman appeared I thought you were going to say he was a cryptid. I think I might go around telling people about a cryptid called Coleman now
We had Snow Snakes in WV
Crap, i missed wendigoon visiting my hometown!
I dont care how long it take to make this video 5hr of cryptics. Ill be waiting
"It actually..." *takes the smallest sip ever* "...tastes just fine"
From Wyoming-You can still find the hunting licenses in tourist shops
my favorite loch ness theory is that quartz in the lake causes a worm hole and he sometimes gets lost and that’s why only some people see him and then if they go looking he’s gone. super cool. thank jenna marbles.
I know I'm a little late to the show, but... the Thyla-WHATNOW?
Lake Lake Ness
Video starts at 9:45
Love you video but fuck your 6 min add intro
1:40. You won't?  How many criptozoooligy museums are there in Portland, Maine?
10 minute intro is crazy dude come on
Fun fact: For anyone who watched the Bigfoot walking video, is not actually Bigfoot. It's actually a man in a costume, but the thing is... All of us believed that was actually what we thought it was claimed to be, but it's a man in the costume. Cause the man actually told the truth, but the thing is.. that costume should've been moving like a person rather than an ape, the muscle movement were more ape like than human. Now about Nessie, since the photo was DEBUNKED, well... these photos were taken underwater in 1972. And they captured a creature that everybody described what Nessie was, and what's more scary is that we actually have a closeup of it's flippers. Sadly don't see it's face, but we see the entire body. It could be another hoax, but it looks 100% real. To be honest I know I said Planet o the Apes is starting to not be fictional, but when I saw these photos I'm like man... Jurassic Park ain't fictional either.
So Cryptid Chubby Electron Dude
A wendigo is not a cryptid, it's not hairy either, no animal features no deer skull either
LOL the comment about doing a report in 8th grade about the chupacabra was literally ME doing a report in the 8th grade about the "history of vampires" (because my report had to be historically factual) I feel so seen!! LOL
I wish Syfy was still on their bullshit... 'Skunk Ape Vs Python: For The Everglades' would go hard.
Wendigoon needs to make a video showing his skin care routine lol
i know you are trying not to be a downer about cryptids, but the way you describe them makes them sound like there is more evidence for any of these things then there actually is
I like this guy but why does he take like 5 or 6 minutes to get into the video 💀
I do want to say that the thylacine is considered a cryptid because people believe it’s still alive in the wild.
Wendigoon left the red thread podcast before he finished this series
This is one of the worst videos I've ever seen. 10+ mins of bullshit, and the most watered down list of cryptids you could think of. You are not sentient and bring nothing to the table.
before we dive in before we dive in before we dive in i’m sorry bro but you too 10 min to get to the actual video genuinely upset me i want to listen to everything you have to say but i want to learn about cryptds not ag1 and a million other trivial things that you took way to long to explain
Dogman story goes back to France a looooong time before anyone knew what a disc jockey was... don’t recall the legend, but it was a cowardly kid who saved another one with a large group of his peers galvanized by his commands and bravery in that situation.   So I’m not fully sure about this hit song starting it all... unless he just means the current dogmen vs werewolf thing.. not fully sure they are that different.  (If lycanthropy has any credence to it at all, I would have to assume the craft is involved.. and that is also why none can talk about that sort of thing openly.. if it is via the w-craft, they would only discuss within their own circles for fear of punishment that is clearly defined when you join that type of club)   Not saying what is/isn’t real,.. just assuming what it could be if it was real.  Ps- the occult and majick and things that the elite of society tend to gravitate to even though they have basically everything they want/need, are strange if it is only trendy or a tool to achieve what they want.. why would you bother with satanic practices if you are rich, famous and don’t need for much ?  Or the occult.. or anything that would make the public see you as less relatable/credible.. reminds me of that one speech by the head of the company called ‘kindred’ .. after the things he talked about and said WILL come to pass soon, you would think his company’s stock price would take a massive hit.. I mean look at Elon Musk after one toke on JoeRogan.. but the guy from kindred (an AI computing company) talks about the “great old ones” that lovecraft has spoke of.. and it seems like he says that AI isn’t artificial but a commune with an entity from another realm or something.. then he says that they will come back and we won’t call them evil though because it’s like us stepping on an ant .. we aren’t evil, but indifferent.  So not only does he believe in multidimensional reality. Not only does he believe in the gods of old.. but he KNOWS they are coming back to our physical world and the populations will be shook at first but then start to adjust to our new reality . Gordie Rose . “The great old ones”   (That should be all you need to know to find that video..)
My dads mother had 13 kids! One didn’t make it very long, but the other dozen are local and loving and it’s amazing to have a family so large !   I recommend having many kids, or at least adopting to make a large fam. Even if you think you cannot afford it, I promise that the holy father shows you how , or will straight up put solutions in your path if you listen and keep his will as best you can.  “Be fruitful and multiply”!  Faith based people seem to deny the power of their creator too often .. if you truly believe he is real and watches over you, you shouldn’t have a fear when following any of his commands, only his judgement upon our sins and transgressions.   “Fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom”
10.5 minutes in... I’m finally gonna maybe see what I came for... dude, unless you shorten all that or something, I won’t be subbing. Lol  Maybe put a time stamp at least for the start of applicable content?   Just food for Thought
The Jersey devil just sounds like drivers from New Jersey
American bias all the way through this .
Can I ask you the name of the music that starts at 0:15? I'd like to listen to it.
I'm sick in bed, rewatching icebergs for hours and starting to get really weird dreams lol
20:08 not to be rude or anything but Tasmania is a state of Australia.
First video I’m watching from this channel and it takes over 10 minutes to get to the point..
1:27 "so if youre the guy who made this iceberg, i shot you."
You talk so much nonsense man
Just shut up....... Zzzzzz
Wendigoon you LIAR it has been well documented (Phineas and Ferb) that the Loch Ness monster isn’t menacing or mysterious he’s just a chill guy that needed some zinc.😂
Buddy must not have wanted his little iceberg picture in Wendi's video. It was just a blurry blob.
Ah yes my favorite cryptic. Josh Gates.
Pretty sure thylacine (thigh-la-scene) were always exclusively found in the island state of tasmania, not across the continet of australia, even before we sent them extinct. Also think its cryptid status is valid as theres still some debate whether its truly fully extinct, and there have been plenty of (mostly dubious) reported sightings since it was declared extinct. So i think its unfair to dismiss it as a cryptid.
Very late to this video lol but with the Jackalope there's another older version of it from Germany called the Wolpertinger! you're probably not going to see this but i thought I'd let you know! :D
Bro leave dog man alone hes just a country furry.
The jackalope story reminds me of how at my school we talk about “the pool”. It’s a running joke that the older kids tell the sixth graders about the fake pool, when they ask where it is we say it’s “next to the dirt room.”. The dirt room is just a room without a finished floor… the floor is dirt.
"peaceful nessie in the us" so basically champie is the loch nice monster
MOTHMAN S TIER LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Its march omg
Dude, 10 minutes fucking intro is insane lmao
Ofc most of these were seen by americans
"Big foot is A tier because even though it's got a billion variants and is a big part of the driving force of cryptozoology today, he's not well defined as a creature. Some people think he's menacing, but other people think he's a guardian of nature"  "Mothman, who was only active for like a year, is definitely S tier because some people think he's menacing, but others thing he's a guardian of nature"  Make it make sense!
10 fucking minute intro bro
And Yes, Krakens are WITHOUT A DOUBT, Real.   There's NO WAY The Deep Sea doesn't have them.
Just Gonna Re-Watch all of these for the Seventh Time. Lol
I hope the Final episode comes out next with multiple tiers. I don’t think I can wait another year for this to end lol
The Tasmanian tiger wasn't in New Zealand. It was only in Tasmania (Australia)
OMG I WAS GOING TO SUBSCRIBE BUT YOU TALK TOO MUCH BEFORE STARTING TO TALK ABOUT THE  TOPIC
JFC start the video! Longest effing intro I’ve ever seen. What a joke
The dog man is just a bear standing upright
You want a good video of documented sea monster cases, look up "lock Ness monster-Kent hovind." It's about 40 minutes long. And at minute 37, he gives an account that's one of the most terrifying and tragic stories of a cryptid I've ever heard.
Theres a theory that the Chupacabra is just a Thylacine
Bro wanted to finish the iceberg by christmas 2023 ☠
Dude i did a chupacabra report at school too 😂
1/3 of this video is an ad and an into. Bruh why? Do that shit in the mega cut
My one nitpick is at 20:03 , i live in new zealand and we never had thylacine, our only native mammals are bats and marine mammals. Could have been a stumble and he meant new guinea though, which they did live in
My favorite is the jackolope
I guess my opinion is unpopular. Moth man is lame
The pearl falls bear king
Bigfoot comes by for tea he’s a chill dude  And walks with a lot of swagger
Jeez 10 minutes just to start getting into the list
Ive heard that the jackalope may of been based off rabits with shope papimilloma , and the dog version  of the chupacabra of cyotes with mange
As an Australian, the incorrect pronunciation of Thylacine is sending me down to catch up with the Tasmanian Devils 🫠
The first video of a mans' decent into becoming a cryptid
10 minutes of intro.... 10 MINUTES
10 minutes to get started holy moly
Bro really waffled for 10 mins before starting the list 😭
Jackalope could actually be more real then one might think. Aparantly there is a disease called shope papilloma virus that forms hard growths on a rabbits head that could be mistaken for antlers since they look like gnarly horns.
Wtf...im out ...this is my first wendigoon video...I heard good things but this hour long intro is an immediate out for me...nvr made it to the video but I've been here for ten mins...you r the weakest link goodbye
No dude I swear on my life jackolopes are real. I ran one over with my wife's car (gf at the time). I slammed the brakes and got out of the car to go see.  It was just laying there until it got back up and ran away. It had antlers and no I'm not freaking crazy.
12:15 loch MEANS lake
The dogman just looks like a bear lol and the jersey looked funny TBH
10 minutes of yapping, wtf?!!!
if you go to see the moth man statue and DONT touch the butt what even are you?!
I honestly believe in any sea cryptids. The ocean so vast and mysterious like another world beneath our own.
My great-grandparents were Christian missionaries to Tibet from 1925 to 1940.  They were always skeptical of things like cryptids, until the very end of their time in East Asia.  At the time, Tibet was extremely difficult to access, as one had to spend weeks on mountain trails from the nearest railhead at the city of Yunnan-Fu (now called Kunming) in the southwestern part of non-Tibetan China.  The family had decided to leave for the USA in 1940, due to the difficulty of getting funding and supplies from home as a result of the ongoing war between Japan and China, and fears (later proven to be well-founded) that Japan would go to war with the US and completely block any route by which they could return to the States.  They were leaving Tibet and entering China near the top of a high mountain pass, when my great-grandmother and my grandfather (who was a boy of 10 years at the time and had lived 9 of them in Tibet), at the head of the caravan of riding horses and pack animals, saw a figure on the mountainside above them.  It was walking upright, and was completely covered in blue-gray hair.  When they stopped their horses to observe the figure, it appeared to notice them and quickly dashed away to hide behind an old rockslide on the mountain slope, running upright as a human would.  For the rest of their lives, they were convinced that what they saw was a yeti.  It would have had to be a half-grown one, as it was only about four feet tall, the same height as my 10-year-old grandfather (they made the comparison by having him climb up to where the figure had been standing when they first saw it).  The Tibetan horsemen who owned and managed the horses and donkeys carrying the family's luggage over the mountains accepted the figure as a yeti as a matter of course.  My family, who, as I mentioned before, were skeptical of things like cryptids, tried to consider other possibilities before accepting that.  The area was very remote and lonely, with no settlements within several days' journey, which made the idea that the figure could have been a person in a costume (or just a fur coat) playing a prank on them extremely unlikely.  Another suggestion (one that scientists my grandfather later told his account to believed), that the figure was a Tibetan Blue Bear, was inconsistent with the fact that the figure had walked and run in an upright, bipedal fashion, while a bear might have stood upright to observe its surroundings it would have dropped to all fours when it ran away.  While there were two species of monkeys that lived in the general region, both of them had tails, were only found below the tree line (far below that high mountain pass) and were significantly smaller than four feet in height.  The figure had been tailless.  Thus, they had to conclude that they saw a half-grown yeti.
27:04 NOT MY LEGS
The actual content starts at 10:25 I'd appreciate it if, going forward, you could just get into the content instead of wasting time. Thank you.
Holy shit 10 minutes to fucking get into talking about cryptids 🙄
After over a year I finally broke down and stopped waiting for the supercut… I am weak
Your story of the “Dogman” is so wrong. Dogman is a half dog half police officer. After a horrible injury on the dog and officer, a doctor sewed and fused the 2 together.
10 min intro? jesus dude
Bro this was the longest intro to a video that I’ve ever seen😭
mothman stole his girl
gotta sat big foot  and skunk ape are just yetis not the other way round
As an Australian, I’m pretty sure the Thylacine is there because every couple years someone swears they saw one in a forest somewhere and it starts off a big interest in searching remote places for the possibility it’s there.
10:27 Video starts here.
13 children is crazy
Yea Nessie doesn't seem very cool, but imo it's the one that seems the most likely to be real to me. The rest are likely just hoaxes or sightings of things that were blown out of proportion.
Video starts at 10:20
I stayed on lake Champlain for a weekend but unfortunately did not spot champie
Iceberg boy doing icebergs let's goooooo
"Sea serpent/whale penis" 💀
the chupacabra is literally real basically, multiple scientific studies have shown that it’s just a hybrid of Mexican wolf coyote and unkown
Damm 10 min and he didn't even start 💀(and he still managed to be entertaining )
to add on to the jackalope, it's really just a rabbit with HPV horns.
guys i dont think he finished it by christmas
yapper
He doesn’t actually start till 10:22
Im tasmanian, my great grandmother (passed a few years ago) saw the last thylacine in captivity as a child. She recalled it really upsetting her, she hated seeing it, the last of its kind, locked in a metal and concrete prison as nothing more than a spectacle. Our poor tigers were the worst treated animals down here, the entire state feels nothing but regret for what we did to them. Ive heard a few people, usually middle aged, talk about seeing a wild one after the official declaration of its extinction. Not sure if i believe them or not, but with how much untouched and unreachable land there is down here in tassie, i wouldnt be surprised if even after the call was made that they were all gone, they kept dragging on in microscopic numbers perhaps even into the late 80s. Who knows  What i wanted to say though is you pronounced it horrendously lmao
The dogman is just a furry let's be real.
You forgot the WERERABBIT
9:48 skip the stuff and watch the ice berg
Yeti is significantly cooler than “Bigfoot” 😂😂
this is the perfectest video ever
Took him 10 minutes to actually start the video
a 10 minute intro before even starting the video is a bit much
29: 25 “understandably” 🤣 that’s so fuq’d! I say the real victims here are all of those underachieving, disappointing demonic 13th children who are not on the cryptid iceberg. Seriously tho, that’s messed up.
Perfect intro!  Thank you, slacking a bit on your content.  Very enjoyable.
as a south jersey resident born and raised i am SO stoked jersey devil is A tier
i did a similar project u did abt the chupacabra but i did mine on the jersey devil
YESSSS MOTHMAN AT S TIER
10 minutes before you mention a single cryptid. impressive level of time wasting
This is my longest iceberg video. Proceeds to talk for 30mins about shit that’s not the iceberg. Actual iceberg content = 5 mins.
Sorry but 10minutes of yapping+an ad is way to much, that nearly ⅓ of the entire video
As someone who loves moths and bats and have them as my two favorite animals, Mothman is so cool. S tier definitely.
Oh boy he started this iceberg a year ago, I can’t wait to find the supercut on his channel right now…
Theoretically, Jesus can be considered to be encrypted as people believe he exists and there is evidence for him to exist but is debated
iceburg boi
When you mentioned the beginning of the Michigan Dogman, you mistakenly said he began with the song in the 80’s. But stories of him go back hundreds of years in Michigan. He has always been here.
When you mentioned the Michigan Dogman, that brought back memories from when I was little. My grandparents said not to go into the woods at night or else the dogman would get me. A cow was attacked by a panther (she survived), and they said it must’ve been the dogman. My grandma’s friend said she saw the dogman walking on the side of the road by their house in outside of Grand Rapids. I said I didn’t believe them, so they showed me the song as well as the short video that supposedly depicts a dogman attack (it’s a fake video obviously, but it scared me when I was little). So I was deathly afraid of the dogman when I was little. He is my favorite cryptid. If you ask any rural Michigander, they will have a story to tell about the dogman. And that is why you don’t go out into the woods, at night.
I just told my dad that jackalopes can only breed during thunderstorms and he said "it's cause it scares the fuck out of them"
Breaking! Iceberg boy scared of stinky monkey!
Hate to be that guy but Tasmania is a part of Australia
The loch Ness monster was the first roller coaster at bush gardens
Josh Gates is awesome
Id actually watch if youd stop rambling and actually start the iceberg for fucks sake
The jersey devil story actually makes sense because as we all know new jersey is a godless land
The dog man? So in 1880s there was a furry taxidermist
When’s the 5 hour deep dive on krampus as a Christmas special
Wendigoon your seriously pissing me off with your shoddy tier list
10 minutes to actually start the list is crazy
Dare I say, the place where Loch Ness Monster is found isn't called Lake Loch Ness, loch is Scottish for lake, so the name of the lake is Ness. You don't say Lake Lake Superior and you don't say Lake Loch Ness.
The Kraken is definitely S tier. So much lore and media of it makes it well known, mysteries, and powerful.
Being from Wyoming i %100 believe in the jackalope
Video starts at 10:23
No way it’s already been a year TwT
Wendi doesn’t like Nessie or Champ because they are water monsters 🤣
Where will my boy the coelacanth appear on this iceberg? 🤩
the Jackalope is my favorite because I graduated from a university where the Jackalope was our mascot 🥲   When I got accepted, they sent me a ceramic one in the mail and my mom told me it was cute and she'd never seen one before. I had to break her heart and tell her it wasn't real
doesn’t look to be done by the christmas after either, world war levels of time frame accuracy on this prediction lol
New subscribers. You make amazing content bro. Keep doing your thing
10:20 *yapping stops*
El chupacabras is way older ! It goes through all latino america and it does not look like as an alien at all !  In Argentina it's an old legend for exemple !
Ffs 11 minutes in and the video starts
bro did NOT mention mokele-mbembe
10 min long intro? yeah sounds about right tbh
i would buy ag1 if it tasted like a grassy tea but i just dont wanna taste vanilla tbh
The thylacine has had reported sighting in the last century which would put it in the crypto tier list.  Even Wikipedia, which I am very reluctant to quote, defines cryptozoology as "...a pseudoscience and subculture that searches for and studies unknown, legendary, or extinct animals whose present existence is disputed or unsubstantiated, particularly those popular in folklore, such as Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, Yeti, the chupacabra, the Jersey Devil, or the Mokele-mbembe."
Gotta love how I decided to play this while making a cake on my day off and I get two ads pertaining to the company that I work for like go away I’m listening to the funny Appalachia man talk about cryptids
Most of the descriptions of the bigfoot and yet apply to me.  I'm over 6.5 feet tall...
17:24 one other famous 'cryptid' that turned out to be real: mountain gorillas. The discovery of it by European explorers, in particular Paul Du Chaillu, is a fascinating story in itself.
200 foot sea serpent is in D tier. Basic coyote with extra steps in C tier. For why?
The Jackalope is a american ripoff of the Wolpertinger from Bavaria
In training right now to beat Sasquatch
12:16  ah yes, the infamous lake Lake Ness! Jokes aside, loch means lake in Scottish! So Loch Ness monster is just lake Ness monster in English. I thought it was a known fact, but it seems not 😅  Also, you put a Leviathan as Nessie in D? And mothman, a literal owl, made a into a tourist attraction, no one heard about is S? Smh my head! OK, now you done it, a globally known myth centuries old fear of the abyss incarnate, the Kraken is B? I know it's your own list, but maybe you should have just talked about them without the tier list.
14:14 my cats name is mothman!
my subscription status hung on your judgement of mothman you live to see another day mothman forever <3
I live in maine but i've only been to that place in portland once and theres a picture of me HEAVILY side-eyeing my sister in front of a big ass Sasquatch
A great video based on Nessie is Thought Potatos' one from his cryptobiology series
30 minute video and 10 minute of nonsense
using this as research for a cool idea i have. learning a lot
35 minute video and first 10 minute are commercial
I thought Jackalopes were real until i was like 17 and i have never recovered
Dude, 10 and a half minutes of intro? Yeah I’m just gonna wait for the supercut with all that removed.
As a native and current Floridian I can attest that whether or not skunk ape is actually real or not, the actual animals in Florida in general, let alone the Everglades can kill you. It’s a genuine advice to people that come here that if you ever want to explore Florida always make sure you know the area because if you’re not familiar with the wildlife there (unless you’re in a place that’s just ridiculous to expect a wild animal there like Jax or Duval or something) there’s a genuinely good chance that you’ll die
The yeti was before big foot right ?
Nearly 100% positive nessi was a whale penis and other random animals people were seeing
Peeps skip to 10 mins if you don’t wanna sit thru that long ahh intro
just finished the conspiracy theory iceberg squeezing it in when i can around being a new parent, having my daily half an hour to myself again and so frickin glad to find another equally expansive series of yours
El Chupacabra was my favorite guest star in a Scooby Doo movie
I see why they call him "Iceberg Boy"
Bro to much yapping the music choice isn’t the great
I live in WV and can confirm  we got mothman and methmen and you'd rather deal with mothman😂
It is tranounced thy-la-ceen
30:31 What the hell is that Dog Ningen??
Talks about the Jackalope but not the Wolpertinger :'( While it is not clear which came first, I feel like those adorable fellas are not American only! Bavaria Germany has them too! Apart from that very cool video, I love your Content and your Video Essays are just very cool and informative!
10:26
Nice video, tier list is totally different to how I would rank them, but that's okay we should ll have our own opinions
The Loch Ness Monster og photo looks like a guy with a big shoulder with his arm up over the water and his hand curved slightly downward. Also, mothman is my gay lover
That Thylacine pronunciation made me want to never go on the internet again
I can’t believe we found out Wendigoon made a presentation on the Chupacabra but not the grade it got.
"Lake Loch Ness" is brought to you by the Department of Redundancy Department (Loch means lake in Scottish).
Intro is maybe a little dragged out...
I don’t think the discovery of modern coelacanth changed any of our knowledge of biology to be honest.  We previously thought they were all extinct, hey look some survived and are chilling in caves
A 10 minute intro is crazy
Video starts at 10:20
video starts at 10:24
I think tazzies were on the list because they fall on the category of possibly extinct however (sadly) there is little to no real evidence they are still alive however after being featured in either wildkratts or zabomafoo they became really popular and “sightings” of them went up.
I had a neighbor growing up that was obsessed with Bigfoot and kept trying to drag my dad out on these wild hints it was kinda weird. I hope he got some satisfaction. He was convinced he had pictures of tracks and fur samples but tbh I think it’s just from bears lol. RIP old man
28:27 the jackalope reminds me very much of the germanic Wolpertinger
Wendigoon putting my guy Champie in D-tier is the worst thing he's ever done.
34:06 "And with that, we have the end of tio Juan"
Wendigoon has so many haters on here and Reddit just because he’s part of a Nationalist AntiGov militia.   I see straight through them. They are weak and make it very apparent that they have nothing bad to say about you.
Marco Polo wrote about dogman..
Why is the iceberg censored? Lol
Video starts at 10:25
Omg he had like 5 different intros in this fucking video
wendigoon, i have recently decided to try inktober, but for every day to be a different cryptid, and these lists are gonna be INTEGRAL to that cuz fuck me i'm not combing through that much to find interesting stuff to draw, so thanks a ton!
OMG, the cryptozoology museum in portland ME! ive been there!! one of my favorite places on earth!! i have a picture of me looking ecstatic next to a mothman statue. lots of fun. would recommend.
Releasing the whole iceberg over the course of December was a nice wish, funny monster man. I appreciate the ability to look the camera in the eyes and say that with a straight face, Looking forword to watching the rest.
35 minute video. 1/3 of the video is introduction
When he said December i didn’t think he meant 2024 😂
My silly ass thought that the Yeti ant the Bigfoot are the same thing 😭💀
I’m binging this iceberg all right now. Looking forward to that special treat reveal. December 1st is also my birthday.  6:10
Watching for the first time. I love how you call the yeti a snow bigfoot as if stories of the yeti aren't about 4000 years older than bigfoot!
Poor content, poor information,     the same cryptic described several times, total trash by a non believer.
“Hopefully over the course of December” It’s 9 months later and part 7 has released, I think he meant December of next year because why would he?
0:01 Yapping Starts 10:28 Yapping Ends 10:28 Real content
That skunk ape picture was actually proven to not be the Ripley's display! Not that it isn't A display, but it was proven to not be that one
When I was 10, I went with my dad to Wyoming, and he told me about the Jackalops, and even took me on a hiking trail to "look" for them. Best trip in my life.
He did not, in fact, finish it by Christmas.
9:47 video starts
First 10 minutes is a commercial and shilling…..just FF to 10:25😂😂😂
SPOILER: Its almost the NEXT Christmas and he still isn't finished.
video starts at 9:48
Watching again 9 months later and still not done the iceberg. The lies told at the start of this video are crazy!
We have all of these in Australia
Iceberg boy returns
W Mothman
Could the Dogman be a tulpa?
Bruh it's a problem when a 1/3 of your video is just intro.
We are so back
wow took you 10m to say the first cryptid
Where’s part 7
Maybe im too critical but a 10 minute long intro??
I think the thylacine was included despite being an extinct but otherwise normal animal is because every so often a sighting of one is reported, leading to theories that there is a small population of them still out in the wilderness.
The video doesn’t start till 9:45
1:54
I'm sorry but "yeti" sounds like a slur
Can't wait to see him talk about Dropbears
I thought the jackal one was real until I was like 18
Fun Fact: Yeti Footprints are even reported by Indian Army in that region .
MOTHMAN BEST CRYPTID THANK YOU FOR GIVING HIM THE S TIER HE DESERVES
Video starts at 10:20
28:50 *Inscryption and The Wolf Among Us have entered the chat*
Video doesn’t actually start until 10:25
fun fact: there’s a museum revolving around the loch ness monster, I went twice back in 2015 when I lived in scotland. I have some dolls from the gift shop, and some photos of younger me sitting on one of the statues of her that’s infront.
Which Bigfoot you want? Bigfoot ,Snow Bigfoot  ,Stinky Bigfoot
Yo wendigoon in making a cryptid sample based rap album 💿 hopefully you’ll like it soon may I sample you ?
I love nessie! <3
You forgot a iconic one!! What about Manbearpig !! Half man! Half bear! Half pig!
Fucking 10 minutes for an intro...
Thylacine it pronounced thyla Sean
I always thought a chupacabra would look like a coyote but acted like a skin walker, being able to stand on its hind legs. Having hands instead of paws with claws, and like a weird jaw
good video but 10 minute intro is fucking insane
Bro the nearly 10 minute intro/ad read is ridiculous just get on with it.
I’ve never heard of “Champie”
as an Australian hearing the way you said thylacine hurt my soul
Video starts at 10:24  btw
If the Jersey Devil scared YOU, a man who grew up far away from New Jersey, imagine what it was like for me living only 20 minutes away from the pine barrens. Even just going to my local woods scared the shit out of me.
Why do tier list not use E?
There's worldwide reports in cultures that had no connection to each other that are nearly identical of Sasquatch, dogmen, werewolves, loch Ness monster like aquatic creatures, mothmen, and vampires. While werewolves and vampires don't quite fit under the "cryptid" catagory because they're a human that's turned into something else, the others are probably the most likely to be real. I feel like area specific cryptids are likely something unnatural.
I feel like you could have used "Bigfoot" or "Sasquatch" as a heading that Yeti, skunk ape, and every other humanoid primate    would fall under.
Chupacabra is S-tier to me, but because it was the first cryptid that scared me and made me interested in cryptids. Yeah most things are probably dogs/coyotes with mange. But Chupacabra will always be my number one guy
Thylacine has been discovered by Forest Gallant
yeti has been spotted by the indian army in the himalayas, they even tweeted about it with footprint pictures...
You should do an urban legend iceberg.  Stuff like Slit-Mouthed Woman and Bloody Mary would be cool for a deep dive.
My older cousin has been friends with the son of the creator of the dogman gable film since he was young
I live 15 miles south of Douglas WY aka the jackalope city.
Jackalope is real, or at least based on a real phenomenon. There is a fungal infection rabbits can get that causes these weird, woody growths on their heads. I guess they could be mistaken for antlers, but they usually look pretty gross and twisted.
i always saw bigfoot and the yeti as 2 separate creatures
19:01 MATTERHORN YETI 🗣️🗣️🗣️
why couldn't they call him the adorable snowman? or the agreeable snowman?
I guess the PNW doesn't have grizzlies, wolves and cougars. What could ever kill you? 😅 Also: Thyla-SEEN
Champie is S tier. I cant believe this slander!
wendiberg or icegoon
B+ Brandon
u had me after putting mothman in S
video really starts at 10 mins and 20 seconds
Ah, yes, the normie cryptids  I can only imagine how horrifying theyll get as we go along
Bruh why do you have 10 minutes of fluff before the actual content Jesus Christ
Literally all bro does is talk in the beginning, It takes him 10 minutes to quit yapping and actually start, crazy.
my mom's side of the family is from michigan, and my mom and aunt were TERRIFIED of dogman growing up lol. anytime they wanted to walk up to town at night my grandma would just mention dogman and they'd suddenly not feel like going out anymore lmao
*gasp* She touched the butt...
2nd rewatch
Josh Gates mentioned LFG. I love that guy, and I agree with the ranking, but I'd put Chupacabra in at least B Tier
I really recommend getting a crisp mic and something to help with that echo, but great video nonetheless
Iceberg starts at 10:26
NESSIE IS NOT OVERRATED 😭 leave my poor girl alone
Ah yes my favorite cryptic, Josh Gates
The jackalope myth literally multiplied in popularity like rabbits
Iceberg starts at 10:26
The list starts at 10:28 thank me later
Dude thanks for letting people know that the chupacabras isn't only from mexico most Americans dont even know what Argentina is
10:27 bro 10min talking before the video really started 😭
As a Michigander I will attest to the reality of the dog man
lol the first ten minutes of your video was a waste of my fucking time. You were recommended to me by a friend…and now I need to question their judgement. wtf dude
*Thigh-la-seen
Video starts at 10:20
Wendigoon shirt ranking: mercy 10/10 second shirt 3/10 third shirt sponsor/10
That bigfoot tape was actually faked. The guy said he had filmed bigfoot but something happened to the film. So he faked another recording. The question is whether he lying about ever seeing bigfoot. I don't know if he is lying, cause I think it's something we will just find out for ourselves in the future. Before you say anything, he admitted the video was fake
10mins intro is crazy
come oooon 10 min introooooo
Jackalope gives drop bear energy
“Finish by Christmas” my brother in Christ it’s August
Looking at the Surgeon's Photograph again after all these years, it does just look like a branch. I mean look at the water ripples. If it's a monster, that's one tiny monster.
why does it feel like we all went to high school with a guy like a WENDIGOON
10:24 you're welcome
As a Tasmanian your pronunciation of Thylacine amuses me. I also believe it may still be alive, just in hard to reach wilderness areas and warier of humans.
I tried to watch this....6 min in and still nothing on the subject....my ADHD can't handle this.
The International Cryptozoology Museum is super cool but you better know your stuff. I didn’t know skinwalkers aren’t technically cryptids and I was treated like I was a moron trying to bring it up in conversation 🤷‍♂️
isn't the kraken a creature from norse mythology? which would make some thousand years old.
Not sure if you’ll ever see this. But it’s “thy - la- seen” or “thy la sen” :) I’m Australian living in Tasmania
Butt hehe
I was a little girl when I saw the news about the chupacabra livestock drainings. I have no idea how I managed to not get any sort of fear or trauma out of them, considering that Latin American news outlets didn’t exactly sensor the brutalities they showed on screen. They filmed the dead animals and showed up close how they became completely devoid of blood from one day to the next. I even remember that early reptilian sketches, and even the few weeks in which a non-regional bird was spotted in the metro area and people chased it down thinking it was the chupacabra. I was so surprised to learn it was born in the 90s, it must’ve blown up in popularity super quick because I saw it referenced everywhere in the 2000s when I moved to the United States. I had my first hipster tantrum because of the chupacabra, since some people were saying that it was from South America and I LIVED that origin. 😂
Justice for Nessy. She's always been my favorite cryptid.
I T  B E G I N S
"mothman is S-tier" S is for subscribe which i just did.
vid starts at 10:20
11 minutes until you said anything even remotely close to being worthwhile. I don't understand why people like this channel.
Crazy that the video starts at 10.30!
Man wtf i was just wondering where you’ve been, I haven’t seen your videos for a year. Turns out you’ve been uploading the whole time, I’ve just not been getting shown them in my subscription feed?!!!?! Brb binging them all rn
my dad said that he was rescued from drowning by nessie
10:22 here is where the yapping stops
Hey man, love you n ur videos. But a 10 min ad on a 30 min video…..
10:28 Here is when the iceberg begins
I love you but 10min until the first one is crazy
Just started the video so apologies if he talks about it, but the Jersey devil is literally just a hammer head bat. Look up the jersey  devil image then hammer headed bat and compare. While they are native to Africa, the first sighting/when the legend comes from was a time in which many people were being brought over from Africa to the Americas (slavery) so it’s not too far fetched to think that a bat may have gotten on and then stuck on a boat designed to transport living beings
10:27 this is where all the sponsor ends. Aswell as the intro. This is where we will start with the episode
I know that Cryptids aren’t real, but I think it’s fun to hear about the stories
At summer camp when I was little me and almost everyone would talk about how goat man was at the camp and he lived in the woods of course it was just a joke to tell new campers to kinda mess around with them
I live in Vermont right next to the Champlain Bay and we all still love Champ out here. We all know of and believe in his existence.
I love Tasmanian tigers 🥲
Modern chupacabra is a mange dog
"Hopefully by the end of december" 😢
First 10 minutes of the video were absolutely unnecessary 😫😂😂😂😂 I understand needing to meet YouTube minutes tho 😂😂😂
So video starts 10:27....
Despite having grown up in Florida, I heard more about the Jackalope than most of the other cryptids  Also heard a lot about the Jersey Devil too.
"The coelacanth was believed to have been extinct for tens of millions of years"  I misunderstood that to mean that for 50 million years or so, monkeys thought those fish were gone
The Jackalope is a blatant rip-off of the Wolpertinger, including the taxidermy scams to fool tourists. These shenanigans have been going on since the 19th century.  The wolpertinger isn't always a rabbit with antlers, all sorts of combinations were used, like a duck-billed squirrel or a fox with owl wings.
"Thylazeen" not "thylakyne"
We can't write off the kraken completely. The ocean depths are almost entirely unexplored, and deep-sea gigantism is a thing. Colossal squid might not be the biggest cephalopods, only the biggest we have proof of.   Who knows if the abyssal and hadean depths miles below even the midnight zone don't harbor even bigger cephalopods than the ones we know.  And octopi can be quite clever. A big one that's smart enough not to get caught easily is not impossible.
Did you just diss Nessie just cos it doesn't do anything cool? There's probably at least 2 highlander clans after you now.  The Loch Ness monster (Loch, btw, not lock) doesn't have to be some flashy, new-fangled edgelord like slenderman or fleshgait, okay? It's just chillaxing like a baller. It's just that cool.
This has kept me going during my work day. Nothing like driving all day and listening to Wendigoon.
Bro if you think the Jersey Devil is the worst part of living in NJ, remember that there are people who still unironically live in Paterson.
The intro wasn’t long enough make it 15 😂
Its thought champi might be a muski and sea serpent is most likely an ore fish
My friends father told us a Bigfoot story right after returning from a hunting trip in Washington that was so chilling that every time i think about how he delivered the story i get full body chills and goosebumps. He stopped hunting in that area entirely and wont go out without a large group and multiple vehicles.
Ten minutes until the video actually starts????????
Hyenas aren't canine. I thought they were, but they're not.
All types of Bigfoot people are known to smell really bad.
Every time he said dogman I couldn't stop remembering the Dave Pilkey comic
I feel like wendi has this thing for footsies and thats why nessy is lower than them
I didn't realize that there is a cryptology museum in Portland Maine that's not to far away from me I should go see it sometime
Mothman definitely is S tier considering the other sighting and stuff like the black bird of Chernobyl which I think is mothman as the descriptions matching up make me think it is the same creature. Just fits with mothman being a harbinger of doom.
mothman is friend shaped and you cant change my mind on that
10 mins in you were still not done talking about how your first vid went, the sponsors and then about how this new will vid go, the rest was about what the word Cryptid means, which for some reason you think needs explaining in 2023-24, All while you were mostly showing yourself on the vid. How'd this get 2 million views+ is beyond me, but I at least am out for sure.
rest in peace kraken and chupacabra, you will be missed
Video starts at 9:48
Also is a “tall tale” character considered a cryptid just asking
i see mothman as more of a bad omen ngl
In the comic story of the OG pine brothers trying to find the jersey devil.
The moth man will be remembered by Amphibia and Gravity Falls fans.
Video starts @ 9:46
Yeti is a abnormally large ALBINO Asian brown bear in my opinion as albino wasn’t known back then and are very uncommon
Holy, if dogman is tier 1 I guess I know nothing about cryptids
Actual video starts at 10:00
Nah the loch Ness monster and the chupacabra in C tier? That's just disrespectful
10 min in and the tier list hasn't started yet 👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹IMGONNARAGE IMSICKOFIT
16:02 yes diddy
I am relatively new to the channel, but I would love to see more SCP and Cryptid content :) Honestly eagerly awaiting more of your videos!
Start Rangking 10:24
portland Maine mentioned 🎉
Is Santa a cryptid
no B Tier Brandon?
as someone who studied history,  I found that one of oldest acknowledged forms of 'cryptids' has to be the concept of a 'dragon' with many folk tales or drawn examples of it at least 5000yrs, maybe more.
The Jackalope is really similar to a bavarian mythical creature called a "Wolpertinger". Just without wings lol
35 min video and almost 10 mins in and we still haven't gotten into the topic. Lol that crazy. 🤦🏼‍♀️
Hey, Champie made it into the video! Native New Yorker here, l thought of Champie as soon as Nessie was mentioned but didn't realize anyone outside of the Adirondacks or Vermont really knew about Champie, lol. And I think D tier is totally fair. Love our Lake Champlain legend, but it's nothing too special.
For the first 12 years of my life I lived in secret terror of and equally secret total belief in the Kushtaka. Lesser known cryptids can be the most fun.
Dang 10:27 of basically watching paint dry
Iceberg iceberg when?
I like taco bell
Didn't it turn out that the guy who took the famous Nessie picture admitted that he faked it?
Took ten minutes for this dude to get into the video
The way you pronounce Thylacine hurts my soul...Thy-la-Seen is the proper phonetic
more than 10 minutes of intro. horrible
From jersey and i don't find the jersey devil scary at all different strokes methinks
The Myakka skunk ape photos were never proven to be fake but that was a popular theory despite displays being way less ape like and less realistic
Here in Pennsylvania we also have our own version of Nessie and Champ! His name is Ray! He lives in Lake Raystown and is also said to be a mostly friendly and docile creature. He hasn't had as many sightings but I heard a story from one old man that Ray swam past him so fast he nearly turned his boat over. Also Lake Raystown itself is an entire town in a valley that was completely flooded so that in itself is spooky. Some divers say there's still houses down there.
I also did a report on the Chupacabra in school
So thrilled mothman is S tier. 😁
i lived on lake champlain for the first 17 years of my life and i can confirm champs is real, although she is more like 50 feet long instead of 200. and she is pretty nice, skiddish actually. i saw her while camping on valcor island in the middle of the lake, it was midnight and my nature obsessed aunt saw her with me, only like 1000 yards out, she gasped and it sunk down. pretty cool creature but unfortunately not as big or nice as yall think, just a big scardey cat
been down a wendigoon rabbit hole
Why does it take 10 minutes for you to start 💀
10 minutes of intro... Damn
10:27 video starts here
Mothman is  definitely C teir at best.
When I can't sleep I put on a wendigoon video. Idk why it just helps
22:13 Fishing Garret casually strolling through the Everglades barefoot
am i going insane?? the iceberg wasn’t always blurred out,,,,, was it????
Why did it take 10 minutes to get to the actual video
W MAINE
The Dogman was a new one.
Michigan Dogman is a meth-addled furry.
Ok this is gonna be hype
The Jackalope story is pretty similar to us Aussies and Drop Bears
I cant wait until the low tier cryptids see this, wonder if they will be offended
"I need aboutah' tree-fiddy."
I live in jersey and the way I always heard the jersey devil story was that mother Leeds practiced witchcraft and when she found out she was pregnant she predicted that the child would be a devil since it would be her 13th child. When the child was born it came out as a demon creature with hoofs wings and a horse head and it killed mother Leeds and all the rest of the children and then went on to terrorize the people of the pine barrens.  Growing up, I'd always draw weird footprints in the dirt every time we'd go camping to try and scare my younger siblings into thinking the jersey devil was in our campsite lmao  Definitely a cool legend and probably my personal favorite cryptid because of how close it is to my hometown
Bigfoot just needed to be moved up a tier ...
Bro did not just disrespected the Yeti and put it under its lesser copy which is Sasquatch. Yeti got bigger fanbase, better feats, thicker bitches, wider cultural impact. Damn americans, I swear.
Pronunciation: Thylacine "Thyla-seen"
video starts at 10:00 💀💀
Mothman is the Whittakers cousin brother uncle dad
Thylacine was not native to new zealand, it never existed in new zealand, i love this channel but that is a crazy mistake to make
Fun fact: the Leeds family actually still lives in NJ today
i fw mothman heavy
Because I'm from WV I love mothman
Video starts at 10:20
Jackalope is S tier and you know it.
WOOOO MAINE! My state is actually represented in a non stereotypical way!
Mothman became F tier the moment people started saying it was a "good guy", it's a carron feeder.
video starts at 10:24
One thing about the Dogman is that the song was inspired by a few different sightings, not the other way around. One of the most famous sightings was when a guy returning from a hunting trip or something like that saw one run off the side of a highway, got out of his car, and took a photo of the footprint. There was also the Maine cabin incident that Mr. Ballin covered as well as the Land Between the Lakes incident. Both of which are generally ascribed to the Dogman. They are also found in some niche native folklore and on totem poles.
Mysterious animal: *just existing*  Humans:”kill it”
31:15 that isn’t how dogman began. Legends of dogman (several names were used) date back long before the DJ and are accepted by many First Nations people. The DJ simply made it famous in pop culture.
9 minutes of exposition is crazy
The Jersey Devil not being S tier makes me scared for what’s ahead
I do like all these videos.  Real stuff and fiction.  When he did all the political orientations it was someone finally took the time too go through ALL of them.
I started on this day
Bro I like you,  but holy shit the video i wanna see doesnt start for 10 minutes that intro dragged on way too long
I'm just saying it would kinda make sense if Bigfoot/yetis were real, I can't remember the word for it but to steal from Pokémon their regional forms/evolution branching, only thing that kills the theory is that bones haven't been found but hey they could just eat their dead for food and poop turns into soil, but hey that's just a theory, a cryptic theory 😂😂
Ironically the only ones I'm even close to being scared of are either like interplanetary and we can't understand them, vaguely human but 100% hostile, or underwater... so ig that kinda shows my fears just purely the unknown 😂😂😂😂😂
Jackalopes breed during thunderstorms because just like vampires in twilight, that impact is too powerful
I like this kinda stuff  scary  and the u explained  but I found  u from  the unsub podcast
Chupacabra un C tier hurts 😢
No offence but, why do people rank anythign low because they're overrated,it doesn't matter, as long as it is good.
As a Michigander I personally don't like the Dogman. It's fun but people don't have stories other than just seeing it, so it gets boring quick. There was a story my older sister told me when we were camping as kids, about how you if you eat too close to night time the dogman will smell the food on you and rip your tent open to eat you.
dude 10 minutes for the vid to start is way too much
Aussie here, Thylacine also known as the Tasmanian Tiger is likely on the iceberg due to there being numerous sightings of them here in Victoria. Moving them from extinct status to Cryptid status. Many theorise that some made it to the mainland and hid allowing for their continued existence though without knowing numbers there is likely detrimental inbreeding. Still I personally hope the Tassie Tiger is still around
Nessie deserves the highest of tiers 😤
11:05 Excuseee meee ? f Bigfoot?!! 😮😮
⚠ALERT!!! ALERT!!!⚠  🧊🍧THE ICEBERG STARTS AT 10:24 🧊🍧
10 minutes in before the first cryptid is mentioned...
Wasn't there a sighting of the Thylacine recently? I don't remember if it was before this video was made.
Mothman is as real as the Jersey Devil. So, pretty dang real.
I live in a small town on Lake Champlain and not a ton of people believe in champ contrary to all the crazy uncle bills we all know who insist Bigfoot is real until the day they die.
PUERTO RICO MENTIONED 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥 RAAAAAAAH🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️I AM SCARED OF THE CHUPACABRAAA🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️ (We also had sightings of a Gargoyle, "La Gargola de Barceloneta")
The thylacine is actually pronounced thigh-la-scene
That moment when you find out your 23 yo kiddo loves Wendigoon too 😊🤣
When I was younger, I always went up to Michigan with my family to stay with my aunt and grandparents. My aunt always told me and my sister stories of the Dogman and I was always so interested in it, however we often made fun of it saying that in order to see the Dogman, you couldn't bring a wild life expert, had to get really drunk, and then make your camera really out of focus. I was really happy to see it on this list.
He’s finally done it!
Actual video starts at 10:25
10mins into the video he finally gets to the iceberg...
I appreciate cryptids because they're spooky but they aren't really dark. Like you're not going to get a lot of the stuff that makes serial killers so gruesome and dark
28:53 WHITE STAG EDUCATION HUHH
17:36 I thought this one was real and not a criptyed
Wendigos and mothman are the easiest S tiers for me
10:23 “Lets get into it”
How is giving someone credit for their work doing them? You don't need to give their personal details...
wendigoon, more like wen-do-i-goon
@12:38 is that fuckin slurms Mckenzie
30:30 furries....
The mothman stole my cousins catalytic converter
For anyone interested, you can play as a lot of these cryptids against gods and demons in Shin Megami Tensei IV on the 3DS, and maybe V.
Jfc, almost 10 minutes before he actually starts to discuss the iceberg. That was rather annoying
Man, I grew up in New England, seeing Champ done dirty like this bums me out.
I just found out jackalopes aren't real
For years I swore I had seen a chupacabra eat one of our goats. Eventually my grandma broke it to me that it was a coyote with mange that our neighbor shot literally the afternoon after.
I hate to be that kinda guy but it's not "LAKE loch ness" it's just "Loch Ness". Loch translates to lake, it's like saying "lake lake ness"
Bro. I love how he is giving me Mac vibes from always sunny. 😍
whys the intro 11 minutes
8 minute intro omg
Video starts 10 MINUTES in
That was a long ass intro my guy
This is a lame channel I won't be watching it again
So, the Mothman is proven to have been a government jetpack experiment. This is known, yes?
I really went into this thinking “so is there a bunch of cryptids on an iceberg?”
Cryptid means apparently the same as Urban Legends.
Florida Man here and I've actually always been told skunk apes were aggressive. I grew up in Polk County, and lived in Green Swamp for years, they're known to be there alot
There is also a pokemon based on Coelocanth called Relicanth. Double cryptid!
Holy fuck 10 and a half minutes of bullshit intros
10 minute intro of straight YAP
dogman...  So Anubis?
Michigan Dog Man! Lets fucking gooooooooooooooo!
If you are complaining about a 10 min long intro please just double tap and skip past it lmao. Why on Gods green earth do people complain about free content 😂
24:17 its the other way around
We are what we manifest?
Why you yapping so much took 10 minutes for it to start
Out of all of these chupacabra has to be my favourite. When I was a kid, my dad used to tell me about the reptile man who drank the blood of sheep, and it scared me so much, lol. Got upset it got under the god damn jackalope but whaddever
bro a full 10 minutes and 27 seconds before you actually start the video, are you serious?
How are you uploading so many high quality videos in duch little time?
10 minutes 28 seconds to get to the actual video is crazy
People who want to get straight into it:   10:22
Goood god the intro is 1/3 of the video
My son just LOVES the dog man books. I'll have to show him this when he's older.
The audio is unbarable
It's funny for me to hear about the mothman as one of the most popular and beloved creatures where as a non american I have never even heard of it before this video lol
The Jersey Devil scared me to death as a child because of that one Poptropica level. Iykyk
Video starts at 10 minutes skip the rest
The ranking of the cryptids begins around 10:20
On nessie - my favorite theory is that there's just a whale that likes airing out it's junk. Look up what whale junk looks like, literally just nessie.
you are pissing me off iceberg boy
As someone from Michigan, it's funny to think about how I've never heard about the Dogman until this year. I think I live under a rock.
I was summoned to this video.
Damn 10 min intro 😂 👎👎👎
Ten and a half minutes in before we start aaaaaa why is this how i start trying to watch this channel
i cannot believe that you mispelled Loren Coleman's name in a researched video about cryptozoology. fix it.
The Thylacine (pronounced THIGH-lass-een) is on the list because there are still sightings to this day by rural Tasmanians, who claim that it is in fact not extinct at all.
I saw this one comment on a mothman video saying that what if  mothman was a crime fighting superhero who perants were shot and killed in a back alley
Now if you see a Dogman it's probably a Furry.
20:05 Correction: New Zealand was never home to Thylacines. New Zealand has never had any native mammals besides bats and marine mammals.
28:42 me
I vaguely remember watching one of those history channel cryptid documentaries about the chupacabra like 15 years ago, iirc they more or less confirmed the alleged sightings were foxes or coyotes with mange.
There's a biblical folktale of France called the Beast of Gévaudan, the original werewolf.
There is a Polish folktale of a creature similar to the wendigo called the leshy, who lives solely to kill.
10 minutes of bs talking before the content starts, cool.
Im here from April 23th he just released episode 6 so he did in fact not finish it by Christmas
21:42 that's not true  the myakka skunk ape photos are real and you cannot convince me otherwise
Wendigoon your chupacabra take was ass
Chupacabras in C is criminal
I'd also throw all the sasquatches & nessies into F tier, big apes and lost dinosaurs are in the same corner as neanderthals, irrelevant stupid and just plain boring.   At least the kraken was a sea monster that actually does something and had some ambiguous descriptions, though I'd still give it C because there's nothing particularly mythical about it other than it's sheer size.   But now that all the well known stuff is out of the way, looking forward to hearing about the obscure ones that get overlooked.
10:20 Ahem, HaHaHa HeHeHe HoHoHo it’s been 4 months
Omg!!! So much talking, not enough content.
Now I understand why the jackalope was the 'America's funniest home videos' mascot
Mothman S-tier cryptid  Most likely just an owl.
Nice 25 min vid 🤭👌
I honestly thought the skunk ape was way scarier than Bigfoot because I too was exposed to friendly, buddy-of-the-wilderness Bigfoot as a kid (not to mention the Tenacious D song), but the stories of the skunk ape I heard were all about it taking and eating neighborhood pets like cats and dogs. Which 13 year-old me thought was pretty horrifying apparently
my ranking  S: mothman; iconic in every way. kraken; simple but just such an interesting and sorta mysterious creature, it lets the imagination run wild A: yeti; i consider the yeti like a rare variant of bigfoot. also just cooler (haha). its not just "some monkey man", its a giant ape living in one of the most treacherous environments on the planet which i think deserves more props than bigfoot B: bigfoot; iconic but really lacks story and is just such a basic character. jersey devil; what bigfoot does not, the devil does. not as popular but has a menacing lore behind it C: jackalope; more of a wholesome cryptid thats just fun to think about, nothing much. skunk ape; stinky bigfoot. loch ness; also iconic but doesnt really offer much for imagination. chupacabra; sounds promising at first but you can basically narrow it down to some sort of canine D: dogman; just eh. dog head on a guy, who cares F: champie; poser
Dogmen are cool. They're so popular I used to listen to a podcast where the hosts would interview people who encountered Dogmen!
Me watching this in April with one of the installments coming out today..... XD
AYO WHY THE MOTHMAN STATUE SO CAKED UP THO
Bro is still not finished
Bigfoot is A tier? The APE over the KRAKEN?!!! Wendigoon foot fetishist confirmed.
love love love this channel it’s the only channel i recommend to people   BUT BIGFOOT WAS ROBBED
My grandfather claims he’s seen the skunk ape in fl. He recalls the foul stench and it was tall.
A) I just discovered this channel through the Disturbing Movie and Video game iceberg videos, and now, hearing you have a podcast with Cr1tikal, I'm most definitely checking that out. 2) Mothman was the cryptid that got me into cryptids. The other famous ones (Bigfoot, Nessie, Chupacabra, etc.) were cool, but Mothman was the one that made me go "That's fucking awesome". It's what really sold the appeal of cryptids to me. I wanna go to West Virginia just to visit Point Pleasant, and, as a Fallout fan, having him added into 76 was such a cool experience.
just realized the new jersey devil is lowkey just one of the babies of donkey and the dragon from shrek
the jersey devil is A or S tier for me simply because it scared the absolutely shit out of me on that one poptropica island
You diss Nessie. Forgetting the banger movie the water horse
The quiet music in the background will drive me to insanity
The way you pronounced thylacine hurt my soul
A cryptid TCG exists called Metazoo and has been around for about 4 years now and has  7 FULL sets out already
Holy fuck, video starts at 10 minutes in 😅 Love your videos but that was rough to sit through. Still, gotta support our creators with that *watch time*
10 minute intro is a little ridiculous kind of wasted my time
Oh to add to the coelacanths, we found more in the indian ocean and i think in the southern Pacific Islands in deep caves
Thanks for taking ten minutes to get into it.
Jesus dude u should have the intro as its own individual video with how unnecessarily long it is
Thylacine is, from everything I know having grown up with lots of family in Tassie and many a family holiday there, pronounced Thyla-seen. Also my dad will swear up and down that he saw one in the 80's.
"i left this part in the video so you can all laugh at me" If only the poor boy knew. sir, this hell was of your own designe
Tier starts from 10:24
Thylacine lives!!!
In the Australian Museum in Sydney, you can see a thylacine skeleton and a taxidermied thylacine on display and there's also a preserved coelacanth
We need more Monsterverse Titans that was called By Titanus Destoroyah.  Titanus Medusa  Titanus Manticore Titanus Roc Titanus Mothman Titanus Thunderbird  Titanus Cyclops  Titanus Ganimes  Titanus Ookondoru  Titanus Skunk Ape Titanus Jackalope  Titanus Nian  Titanus Mushveli  Titanus Gabara
I don’t know why it shocked me so much that a Yeti could be 3 to 15 feet tall. That’s the difference between an Ewok and a Wampa. (Star Wars people will get it.)
Video doesn’t start until 10:22 so you don’t have to waste your time like I did
The tiger dog thing is on the iceberg cuz they think that they keep seeing them in the wild and don’t know if they are extinct.
Blucifer (the horse outside the Denver International Airport) is a cryptid in my heart
Video starts at 10:25
finally someone putting some respect on mothman’s name
When I was little, about 4 or 5, I was terrified of the jackalope. I have no idea why 😅
justice for the Dogman! It’s my favorite and it has been seen in many different places! The Land Between the Lakes Dogman encounter is particularly interesting! This is my first video I have watched of yours and I loved it! Can’t wait to watch the rest of the videos! Cryptids are my special interest :)
A giant hairless, vampiric coyote with poisonous quills running down its back seems pretty terrifying to me homie.
Actual video start at 10:20
10 minute yapping session as an intro is insane
I love how I'm watching this now and the last episode was 3 weeks ago, lol.
18:37 it was just a British man
Juice starts at 10:20
20:39 the thylacine might still be around there’s a tiny bit of evidence some might still exist
It's thigh-la-seen, not thigh-la-keen.
10 minute intro fallen off
Loch is the Scottish word for lake. It's just Loch Ness, not Lake Loch Ness.
10 min fuccn intros gah damn u got good content but nobody got time 4 dat
jesus fucking christ a 10 minute intro
Why is the picture of the iceberg blurred now?
omg i loved watching destination truth as a kid (explains so much about me)
I just cant get over just how GOOD your skin looks. i am so freaking jealous
the lighting was better and the board more readable with the ceiling light on
Was the 10 minute intro really necessary?
"Lake Loch Ness" did psychic damage to me... 🥲
the only audio I could ever need
The picture of the Chupacabra looks like a picture of a  xoloitzcuintli which is a domesticated Mexican dog breed
I went to point pleasant about a year and 6 months ago and I went to go see the  Mothman museum.
MOTHMAN'S GOT CAKE DAYUM
Bigfoot: guardian of the forest The Loch Ness Monster: Cool dinosaur The Wendigo: "I will rip you apart and devour your limbs, while using your tears as wine"
26:14 me when the whiteboard spoiler…
10 minutes and some change before the video starts omfg
iceberg boy
The Yeti was discovered by the west about 7 years before the BigFoot was discovered and I say discovered lightly. So arguably Big Foot is just a non snow yeti so deserves the higher spot Imo
25:04 that is just a hangry good boy. They did the xoloitzcuintle dirty lmao.
Icing my berg till my Wendi Goons
Took you ten fucking minutes to get to the iceberg
As someone who has designed a lot of their brand off of Mothman, I appreciate the rating choice for him.
Hey, can't say the ads don't work when you can guess what they are before they come up
DOGMAN MENTIONED?!? MY TOWN'S THING?!
10:24 the actual video starts here
10 minutes of you being annoying and slow as fuck. Ffs my dude.
video starts at 10:26
Holy fucking shit Wendi I love you but 10:15 is when you start the actual fucking video.   Like my god, fucking start the show already.
Boyy! Sitting the kraken anywhere other than S tier is a criminal violation!
Why do people put urban legends, mythological beings and aliens with cryptids? It kind of implies that we are not taking it seriously, when we put all of it together.
Eh, dogman is an F for me. It's just a werewolf that went through selective breeding.
Video starts at 10:23
This video shoulda been called how to make a 15 minute video a 35 minute video💀
December . . . Well he called it.
blud i love your content but 10 minutes of yap before the actual video 😭
@Wendigoon. Thank you for putting the Jackalope at B tier. It has a special place in my heart since it was the first crypted I heard about. When I was little (like 4 or 5) my Grandpa and Grandma told me about the Jackalope. They even gave me a rabbits foot. I was convinced it was real until high school, mostly because i didn't talk about it so no one (my parents) knew I believed in it and corrected me. Oh who are we kidding, my Grandpa and Grandma would never lie, it is totally real 😉.
U forgot the manbearpig
The fact there is a chance “Thylacine” may come back…makes my heart full
Iceberg starts at 10:23
As a native West Virginian, I can confirm that Mothman is the coolest cryptid
So, I'm confused. If people find these things just fun, almost ARG like creatures that are not real, but it's fun to imagine they are, that that's cool. But if you jenuenly believe these, we have a problem. And I'm not sure wich one is it
For those who want to skip the into: 10:23
Blue whale, middle of a lake, wants to be your friend. Champie and nessie just whale wang
With this list being about cryptids I wanna give a special shout out to lost tapes, that show spawned my curiosity of cryptids from a young age
No Wampus Cat?
21:55 mmm no no me gusta mucho
Me being from WV seeing mothman on the S tier is amazing
Personally the tier list was kinda all over the place, Champi and Skunk ape were creatures that no one outside of US knows abouth, and also they're just rip-offs so they are most a simple D tier  A tier should be for famous/popular creatures, Mothman, Chupacabra, Ness and Yeti are far more popular in their respective countries, but they still have folklore, past, movies, figures, so they deserved it more  Kraken just by existence is S tier, a story as old as culture so finding the giant squid just makes the myth even better  Sasquatch and Jersey devil are not that interesting (also Sasquatch is just a Yeti rip-off too) so they fit more in the C tier basic creatures that are popular in a more local size  Jackalope is B tier no doubt
i love your stuff but please dude get to the point, you dont even start the teir list untill the 10 min mark
We’ve had dogmen in the uk for hundreds of years., but of course if it’s not American it doesn’t count. One famous dogman is called old stinky from somewhere in Yorkshire. Obviously we didn’t call them dogmen.
THANK YOU FOR PUTTING MOTHMAN IN S TIER ITS MY FAVORITE
In the anime "Negima!?" The character Asuna is obsessed with chupacabra.
Actual video starts at 10:20.  Wow.
10 minute intro is insane
Christmas of what year
10 and a half minutes.....
i love u but i don’t love the 30 min long intro
Video starts 10:20
Why am I seeing a lot of content creators censoring stuff at the beginning of videos lately?
finding bigfoot is that good shit on god
YUGE
Video begins at 10:24.
welcome to wal-mart!
My dad's a cryptid, I have no solid evidence he exists outside of me being here😂
Bro. A 30 minute video with the actual content starting 10 min in? Weak.
ICEBERG BOY!!!!!!
10:20 - Video starts here
Josh gates being in the non applicable category sent me because what even is that guy
I love your videos Wendigoon, but by golly that was a girthy intro. Although I really liked the "Iceberg + Tier List" approach.
Okay but that cryptid Hunter cartoon from like 2005ish was the start of it all
10 1/2 minute intro. No timestamps. Doesn’t even mention to huge range of native American bigfoot myths Awesome.
Bit harsh to Champie
Kraken in B tier wtf bro
Mothman gave me nightmares when I first saw those “Mothman sightings” videos.
I forgot about Finding Bigfoot!! When I was in like 3rd grade my class went on an overnight field trip to an ox farm, and they happened to be shooting an episode the same night and they were PISSED we were there. My friends that watched it said they used our loud asses as "evidence" 😭😭😭
Chupathingy
Fucking hell man minutes in, Get too the iceberg already! 😂😂😂😂😂
Video actually starts at 9:50
whens the gooning iceberg "coming"
No way you put a damn rabbit over the chupacabra😂
Love watching you bro.. but cmon a 10 minute into??😂
The tier list starts at 10:20
XD im watching this in march and hes not done. love it
The baikal lake monster is something that I’m still not sure if it was a fake story or not
Drippy kratos
The tiers should be by viability.
6 minutes into the video, just shut the fuck up and start talking about cryptids already goddamn
bro 10 mins to get to the point? its over
I've come across people online who believe thylacine may be still out there. i imagine this is why they were included in the iceberg-- not because they went extinct, but rather the possibility that they didn't.
Kraken are not so much a cryptid as just a thing that exists described in broad terms.
Have you ever considered making a breakfast food tierlist? Maybe a furniture tierlist?
jackalope is in the oh fck no tier for me
This will be fun 😂
10 minutes of intro is crazy.
NINE FUCKING MINUETS OF INTRO
Is that House of Leaves on your desk?
Love you man but the video starting at the 10 minutes mark is cringe
the effort you put into your iceberg videos does not go unnoticed!!
Y’all I thought the jackalope was real for YEARS because I saw in a textbook in grade school one time and never thought a thing about it until a couple years ago I brought up to my dad when we were watching something on cryptids and he had to tell me it wasn’t real. Sad day.
Why's the full size iceberg blurred out at the start of the video?
Will you ever restock this hoodie?
I would willing lay myself bare for Mothman.
Thigh-la-scene not thigh-la-kine idc if he corrected this in a later vid im from tassie and im fucking sick of people not taking our history and culture seriously our native people were murdered, stolen and disgraced by white settlers and the absolute least we can do is pronounce the name of the animal that best reflects that damage
It's March, and the 5 episode just dropped. Hope you're hungry for words Wendi. ❤
I don’t believe in cryptids, but the are SO interesting
Not sure how many parts you plan to make, but I’m here after being recommended the 5th one in mid March… so you’re scheduled wasn’t quite as quick as you wanted, but based on how many other projects you have running simultaneously, I’m not surprised in the least. Looking forward to binging them while I work today!
Yesssssss ive been waiting forever for this!
Deadlines matter not to evergreen content I’m just starting these videos now.
Thy-luh-seen. 🤓
I personally think every ocean based cryptid is S tier, free my man Kraken
Bro yaps so kuch its crazy. Video starts at 10:20
I watched this netflix movie called Chupa. My cats favorite Movie!
I was imagining that they could’ve been talking about how there is tales of the existing thylacine today rather than it just being an extinct animal
Hey, just so you know it’s thyla seen not thyla kine
Mothman also has a festival every year in point pleasant WV
No fucking way jackrabbits aren’t real
Video actually starts at 10:22
20:35 ignore this guys
Let me save you some time. 10:26 is when this dude finally shuts up about nonsense and promotions and finally addresses what the vides is actually about
There is no way I went to that museum last week I live right near there 😭😭😭
Michigan Dog Man lets go
The Kraken being B Tier alongside essentially 2 Bigfoot clones and a rabbit with antlers has to be a joke 🤣
Shouldn’t dog man be connected to the medieval stories of cynocephaly?
Crazy bro yapped for a whole 10 min before getting into the list😂 bro made a whole video just for the into
Ur so annoying
Wendigo deberias hablar del esquilax
I could ve wrong, but i thought the tiger one they found one ir two alive.
Cool thing about Bigfoot at least where I live he's considered a big neutral ape that only strikes when bothered and if you prove to aim to harm his habitat. There's been a few sightings near my area and all were just he's chill but someone pissed him off we had to run. I think he's an interesting case tho
Wendigooner
Actual video starts at 10:25
10min intro is crazy
At 10:22, no 11:00, no I gave up before hearing the stories begin.
Everyone that wants to skip mindless droning, skip to 10:25
10:28 here finaly he actually starts the iceberg  and stop talking about useless sh×t
bro talked about nothing for the first 10 minutes so stupid
Holy cow, took ten minutes to get to the video.
Love your videos but man you gave like a 10 min intro and then finally got to the subject.
Beedo
Doesn't the word Loch mean lake? You called it Lake Loch Ness, Lake Lake Ness😅 and the Thylacine isn't a cryptid it's an extinct species
Still waiting for the Agartha/GIANTS iceberg :)
Sea serpent is probably just an Oarfish, a huge but docile fish that typically lives in the deep ocean, but does surface when sick or dying.  But if you look at one, it's the sea serpent.
Do an iceberg lettuce iceberg , thanks
Putting Mothman correctly at S tier earned my love (and subscription).
19:43 you forget we have Alaska the Yeti is just much American thing too. Every culture seems to have a version of him too 🤷‍♂️
Skip to min 10 if you don’t want to hear rambling and ads
"At the end of the day, smelly big foot" this guy is gold🤣👌
Hey maybe next time stfu and get on with the video 11 minutes is to long to be talking
I went to the mothman museum and i have a mothman sweatshirt
He did not finish by Christmas
Why is the intro ten minutes long 😭😭🙏🙏
You mentioned thylacine but did you know for a very long time the Platypus was considered a cryptid too? And you pronounce thylacine wrong. Its Thigh La Seen
Jesus that ag1 ad too forever
22:56 CHAMPY MENTIONED YEEAAAAHHHHH. That disgusting statue is what I see on a regular basis and made me lose my shit the first time I saw it. There’s rumors that there’s underwater caves that connect to Loch Ness and that Champy is also nessie. Lake Champlain was also briefly considered a Great Lake and when it was it is by far the deepest of all the lakes and has the most water due to its depth, even if it looks relatively small compared to the other lakes.
So the Jackalope seems to be very similar to a Wolpertinger from Germany. They are also Rabits, with antlers, but they also have the wings of a duck and long canines like a dog or bat. Depending on who you ask they can also have the body of a fox or squirrle, but the antlers are the only thing they all have. I just love the idea that all around the world, people just taxidermied several animals together to mess with strangers
The Puerto Rican chupacabra is S tier
Nice, a video that starts after 10 minutes.
Imagine growing up up the road from the Leeds house where the Jersey Devil was born. Our backyard was right in the Pine Barrens as soon as I learned that story as a kid I never wanted to go out there
What about unicorns?
Here after "The Why Files" covered Bigfoot, mystery eel, goat sucker............ Unlimited entertainment.
10:30
12:37... jar jar
Bad audio quality.
Bro took 10 minutes to start the iceberg 💀
The Dogman phenomenon does not have its origins in the Steve Cook song. The stupid NAME might originate from that period, but accounts of the cryptid itself go back to at least the 19th century, and probably even further back.
Everyone knows the Chupacabra is an alien, clearly you havent seen ben 10
Video starts at 10:30
The real video starts at 10:00.
10 minute preamble! Good day sir😂
The thing that makes the Tasmanian Tiger a cryptid is the fact people claimed to have seen it since it's extinction. It DID exist, and officially it does not anymore.
Bro spent the first 10 minutes of this video just yappin
He plays Smite
I'm binge watching your cryptid series, starting now. Will make for a good night.😁👍
any whos played elden ring is it just me or does the picture of the kraken at 16:52 look alot like godwyns corpse
Bigfoot is the Ted Kascynski of the cryptids.
SCARECROW HILL. U GOTTA CHECK IT OUT. THE ACTUAL STORY WILL BLOW YOU AWAY IT IS HAUNTED AND CRYPTID AF‼️‼️💯💯
I think out of all of the cryptids the yeti is probably the most likely to really exist. it makes sense to me big hairy thing would evolve in a v cold environment edit: COME ON WINDY!!! the everglades are not hostile :( florida is a friendly lil guy lil guy just don't fuck with the creatures and they won't fuck with you back!!!
I'm still confused about that time i saw something that looked like a yeti in the woods. I mean i'm sure it must have been some weirdo wearing a costume but it was a really surreal experience.
I was watching this at night and my dog just got up and stared at me as soon as dog man came up, kinda spooked me out a bit 😅
rewatching on the last day of february in 2024 and uh...damn wendi must still be full from eating his words on "5 videos throughout december and done" huh
i need the secret saturdays
Bro started the video 10 minutes in damn
Lol man mad failed at his December mark.
Jesus the actual video doesn't start til like 10 minutes in, just a bunch of ads and nonsense smh
I’ve lived in Maine for 23 years and never knew we had a cryptozoology museum in Portland so thank you
Can you do an update on Mystery Flesh Pit National Park?
Big Feet
Chalupacabra 😂
Iceberg starts at 10:25
How is the midman tier s
22:52 The Horned Serpent Lives
10+ mins of pure waffle, stfu and get to the iceberg
Studying for my Nursing Exam #1❤❤❤ this is an AMAZING studying podcast for me rn❤
when you're 10 minutes 20 seconds in and the video finally actually starts
Kraken should be in S tier, it's the defacto sea cryptid + one of the oldest ever liek you said yourself
20:30 put the thylacine back on your cryptic list as many have spotted it and we have pictures that look like it.
10:25 where it starts 😢
Fun fact: jackalopes kind of exist in nature! Theres a specific type of papilloma virus that causes growths on jackrabbit heads that may or may not look like deer antlers. Very possible that aside from the inside joke thing, somebody actually saw a jackrabbit with the disease and thats how the legend was started.
The thank you for watching in every videos makes me feel nice, thank you for the videos
Petition for Isaiah and papa to cover the peeking wife nosleep story next. It's a good one, and given that they're both married, I bet it'll give them a good scare. Not sure if it would be enough runtime for them, but im at least hoping they will see this suggestion
"Lake Loch Ness" . . . did you stop by the atm machine there as well?
Moth man is the overrated cryptid if you ask me
Wait why is there the letter B hiding in one of the mothman images at 14:38? ARG...? I think I might just watch too much matpat
The chupacabra is actually pretty interesting ( paranormal round table ep.234 for more info), basically the chupacabra is Puerto Rico and the one here in America are two different creatures, the American version is more accurately known as the Texas blue dog, because of its hairless blueish grey skin and bright blue eyes
10 mins till the actual video starts
Video starts at 10:00 😅
Chupacabra baby! Lol sorry for bringing up childhood trauma
YESSSS! Love this content. Thank you
This is the first vid I'm watching from this guy after seeing him as an excellent guest on an old podcast episode and the first ten minutes were not the best impression. The "before we begin" x5 is a disrespectful waste of time reminiscent of 2015 when everyone was trying to pad their videos to 8 minutes. Segmenting the video timeline would also be nice so we can tell which cryptids are in which videos. Regardless, not giving up due to Wendigoon's good reputation and nice video here, but would suggest changing that.
10:20 he stops yapping
Actual content doesn't start until 9:45 fyi
As a person from Michigan. The dogman was often used as a tactic to scare kids from staying out past dark or wandering too far into the woods. “ Don’t stay out too late or else the Dogman is gonna get you! “ 😂 It sure as hell scared me!
Between ass grabbing of Mothman, your more worried about lights and 3M subs. lol don't worried about it man that's why you have a lot of subs.
Skunk ape looks like my uncle
The first ten minutes is just bs.... 10 minsnof my life I am not getting back. Won't subscribe. Even though the rest of the video was decent. Ugh
22:00
i get your videos are long form, i get people make money off this but when i can skip the first literal 10 min and miss nothing.... come on, this is got to stop being a thing on youtube.
No clue why people would watch a guy that shills for 10 mins
You should do an episode on Lovecraft mythical creatures
Many people throughout Australia still believe the Tasmanian tiger exists and it is hiding in the bush. There have been lost of inconclusive videos showing what people believe to be the Thylacine. There is so much of the Australian bush that we just haven’t explored yet because it is so dense to it lends credence to the theory that the tiger is still out there. I think that’s why it’s on the list since many sightings of it happen similar to Bigfoot. There have also been sighting of mysterious black panthers has in Australia- so I guess Australia has lots of mysterious cats.
13:35 That is a bear
Actual video starts at 9:47
Always love my county getting a shout out for the Bigfoot Law™️
chupacabra deserved better
Cover the dark tower series
I feel like the tas tiger is on here bc it is extinct but sightings are still reported
Video starts at 10:00
I just got into cryptids, and so far I am loving it! I enjoy moving away from outer space to paranormal to face my fears.
Bigfoot getting outranked by Mothman is a tragedy. I'll never forgive the moths nor the men for this.
22:10 That one guy on TikTok is laughing his ass off
Mothman 4 prez
the jackalope is real its a rabbit with cancer
Like this comment if you’re a proud wendigooner!
18:30 TIBETAN MENTIONEDDDD ‼️‼️‼️
He kind of looks like charles from rdr2
When I went to Point Pleasant I got one of the mini statues and two bottles of the Men in Black cherry soda. The statue was 80 bucks and it was a replica of the one from Fallout 76.
The Pines are no joke…they’ll cook you in cauldrons out there.
A 10min intro ??? Wtf bro stfu a bit
i remember when i went to a 4-H thing when i was a kid and a old lady dressed in black with a basically big stick came out and told us the story of the jersey devil, scared me to death and i  loved it
mothman dont need no man
I might be misremembering but the deer-antler-rabbit-thing is pretty much the same thing as a wolpertinger which is a legend that came up in germany in I believe the late 1700’s but don’t quote me on that  B Tier
would the plural of bigfoot be bigfeet or bigfoots?
whenever I hear that one track that plays towards the end I just immediately think of all your "older" videos
Yikes
Over 20% of the way through this video, video still hasnt started. 👎
Vid starts at 9:45
Wendigoon looks like he wants to sell me a Shamwow
Anyone that says it’s a myth it’s possible true
Goddamn like 9 minutes of adds dog
10 mins for the intro are you fucking kidding me
Man you  need to talk about the chupacu de goianinha, a Brazilian legend similar to the Chupaca Gob but much more macabre
Hello
Why the long ass intro?
Bro needs to stop saying "Lake Loch Ness". I say this from a purely benevolent standpoint. Scotland has Lakes, Loch Ness is not one of them. It is a Loch.
Are you having a laugh! A whole 10 minute intro
30% of this video is filler lol
Huge pro american bias here
The Myakka Ape photos are most definitely NOT of a Ripley's BION exhibit. While the figure is compared to the old Wisconsin Dells Ripley's Bigfoot for its posture and extensive hair, the two share no further significant features, with the Myakka Ape demonstrating far greater detail which is consistent with historical reports from the South East, (more orangutan-like, but with tusks). It also demonstrates fine movements consistent with a startled primate, between photos.
She waited until the 13th child to get mad?? I would’ve made a Jersey Devil around the third kid lemme tell you that
My 6 year old autistic brother who is extremely passionate about nessie and visiting scotland would call that a hot take
RARE WEST VIRGINIA MENTION 💥💥💥💥
havent been back to this channel since the end of the consipiracy iceberg (sorry, busy) and damn dude hearing "my podcast with critikal...my podcast with MeatCanyon" is blowing me away. Congrats dude, I remember not to long ago you thanking us for 10,000 subs and now you are almost at 3.5 million. Its crazy how popular you have become, glad to witness the progress
I read an interesting weird fact that supposedly most "sea monster/loch ness sightings" are actually large marine mammals sticking their genitalia above the water.... Which is..  you know. Nice.
It’s February 6th….still waiting for the final episode
as someone with family is south jersey, especially since i would visit them at least once a year, the jersey devil was something my cousin would tell me about constantly and it spooked the shit out of me for years. I remember him actually telling me about the backstory behind it and i would constantly look out the car window trying to spot it anytime i was in the area. Good to see my childhood legend up at A tier, makes me happy
Don’t forget about the hoop snake
Yeah the reptile chupacabra is cooler
I can't believe that he didn't mention that the tazmanian tiger may still be around! There are still tho occasional spottings of it coming around tazmania.
You’re telling me a jackalope is not real? I’ve really been calling my antelope squishmallow a Jackalope for years.
hands up if you're here because of Fallout 76
whens the video start good grief man edit: its 10:30
Skunk Ape is that guy which walks around the everglades and yoinks everything. (No offense to him)
Waiting for it to start.
When I was in 9th Grade, the Spanish Teacher made us watch a Chupacabra movie.  Looking baco on it now: I'm sure she was a cryptid believer.
me thirty seconds into the video living in maine and never having heard of the international cryptozoology museum: 👁️👄👁️
You look like if all of the characters from Always Sunny merged into one person but left Dee out
imagine not putting the most popular well known cryptid ever in S and then saying it's mediocre, what a hipster
where did you get those crytid flags in the back, i love them
idc what anyone says, the kraken deserved A tier
Now wait a minute...I have a jackalope on my wall. My brother shot it.
You should make a video on “I can tell you who is killing the stars”. Thank you dude!
damn get to the main topic. 10 minutes disclaimer, ads and self promotion is annoying to me. i am enjoying your content and it is very good but sometimes could transition faster to the main point.
Don’t take 10 minutes before you start actually talking about the cryptids
20:04 listing Australia and Tasmania as separate places 😭
please add the Tokoloshi
As boricua (Puerto rican) THANK YOU FOR CREDITING US FOR THE CHUPACABRA BARELY ANYONE DOES OR EVEN KNOWS IT ORIGINATED IN PR
As a Mexican, I can confirm the Chupacabras became kinda mid when it got over here; no joke it was even used as a political Smokescreen at various points LMAOOOOOO
It should not take 10 minutes to get to the start of the list bro
26:32 wait the Jackalopes not a real thing
There's a disease in rabbits called kappapapillomavirus 2 or Shope papilloma virus (SPV). It causes horn-like tumors to grow on or near the rabbit's head. At a distance, it could be mistaken for antlers. That might be where the original sightings of the Jackalope came from.  Also, I'm very disappointed in your placement of the Kraken. Invertebrate cryptids need love too. :D
Why did you make the intro this long
Bro, when you gunna drop the Wendigoon Iceburg :) ill share it to everyone i know!
holy shit man. 10 minutes of ads at the beginning. I put this one while farmin in game and im already bored.
I just realized something relating to the Skunk Ape.  So, a FOUL ODOR.... In the EVERGLADES - essentially a MASSIVE COMPLEX OF SWAMPS AND MARSHLANDS that are filled to the brim with COUNTLESS HOSTILE, DANGEROUS AND AGGRESSIVE ANIMALS, PLANTS AND CONDITIONS... Which often PRECEDES SIGHTINGS AND ENCOUNTERS of a TERRIFYING AND HOSTILE CREATURE who's mere existence is otherwise debated....  What I'm getting at is that maybe, JUST~ maybe, the Skunk Ape might actually be the result of natural gas leaking into the area, causing people to have hallucinations that are then shaped by a combination of the already dangerous environment AND stories about the Skunk Ape! Somebody got gassed back in the day, had a REALLY bad trip, thought they saw a huge, aggressive and stinky ape, which from there entered the local cultural zeitgeist!  But hey, that's just a theory! A *CRYPTID THEORY!!!* Thanks for reading! xD
No chance bro said lake loch Ness. That's the same as saying nann bread or chai tea 😂😂
Why the mothman so caked up tho 😩
Love your vids man but 10 minutes to even start the topic of the video is nuts
wendigoon please start the video before 10 minutes passes next time i love u man but i wanna be able to suckle on squatches teat
*me squealing and hugging my Mothman plush as it is being talked about*
Jg zpvs sfbejoh uijt. Hppe kpc zpv sfdphojafe uif dfbtfs djqifs.
"I dance on your bridge, Goatman" - Shane Madej
go to 10:25 for the actual iceberg/tier list to start
"if you try to just go hiking through the middle of the everglades, you will die to something"  Fishingarrett: oh look its a swamp puppy. YOINK
I hope to see the Bulgarian urban legend for "Торбалан" - "Torbalan", my parents and grandparents used to scare me with him - a big hairy hunched over guy with a big bag who eats kids at night
Iceberg Starts at 10:20
26:33 so not the right name but there is an extinct snake called the  Titanoboa scientific name Titanoboa cerrejonensis first described in 2009 nine and 30~ specimens have been found. Edit: a skeleton can be found at the Delaware museum of natural history and a display (no skeleton) can be found at the Smithsonian.
The Chupacabra is real. They're just weirdly messed up evolved coyotes with severe cases of mange.
For bros on the run, list starts at 10:20
How dare you rank Champe D tier but give the Jackalope B! (Definitely not biased because I was born and raised in NY and VT)
why is the mothman statue so thiccc sheesh
Yapping stops at 10:20
There’s a young adult’s novel about Champy called “Loch” and it was (and still is) one of my favorite novels
Not hatin but damn it takes you 10:24 to start the video
But we are initiated, aren’t we Isaiah, members of the league of cryptozoology
10:17 iceberg actually starts
Imagine creating a video that starts a whole 10 minutes 30 seconds later. Sir yappington yaps-alot over here.
Alright I’m 4/4 guessing the tiers on the first 4 cryptids lol I’m locked in now. Boutta binge the series.
Nice video! I am a casual cryptid enjoyer. Even made a mothman costume for halloween. :D Glad to see the tier they made.
23:04
Actual gringo biases
Whenever I do the night shift I always tune to this channel and listen and yes it's a solo job where I am
As a young child my family lived in the seirra nevada mountains in north california and bigfoot is not a cryptid. Me my dad and sister were driving one night and heard a loud bellow above us and we looked up and saw a huge man esq creature above us. I will never think of that and not shake in fear
Dude did it really need to take you 10 minutes start the video? Also…. A PLESIOSAUR ISNT A FUCKIN DINOSAUR! When are people going to STOP calling them that?! Just because it lived with the dinosaurs DOSEN’T MEAN IT WAS A DINOSAUR!
As a kid from Michigan I remember being so scared when we'd have sleepovers and someone would tell the story of the dogman. I used to think he'd be trying to come into my house or something. Still gives me chills thinking about it.
so are scps cryptids
Can't wait to learn about Dan Akyroyd in the last tier. Sounds Horrific.
26:20 Same here brother, don't regret letting my classmates know about the skinless coyote
Bro, please learn about the art of brevity. 10 minutes of blogging and ad reads before getting to the titled content is just absurd while bordering clickbait. Listen to your content after editing and seperate yourself from your work as you do so.  Your pinned comment should be directing people read the condensed blog post in the description. Could have easily cut out 5 minutes of this video, even with in video callous to check the description. It would have probably reached more interested people considering the timeline viewing graph I used to skip to title relevant content.  Attention youtube professionals, less then 10% of your regular audience cares enough to comment even once a month. And of your viewers regularly commenting, you know the breakdown of real and troll or bot comments. Most of your viewers do not care about anything beyond the titled content. 12k comments compared to over 2 million views. Add the massive jump in time watched after you got to the promised content, ten minutes into a thirty eight minute video. Well I believe my arguments speak for themselves. Just get to the titled content already.
Over 10 minutes to get started!
Wait, wife? Wasn't she girlfriend when this channel started? Time flies. Bring back Sunday Sermon.
Lake Tahoe in idaho has a locness creature nammed Tessie who supposedly lives in some underwater cave. If you go on a ferryride, you can order a special drink nammed after her with like gummy worms, i think? And if you spot her, you get one for free. Pretty blatant ripoff, but i like her.
feel like this did not need a 10 min intro but go off ig
Look, laugh all you like, but I will go to my grave believing in the jackalope. My wife (who was my girlfriend at the time this event took place) and I were on our way to a Larping event in Florida, and we got lost and turned about. We somehow ended up on this little dirt road out in this swamp, the last sign of civilization that we had seen being some little rinky dink trailer park. While we were looking for a place to turn around, it leapt right in front of our car in full blast of the headlights, sat up and looked right at us. Then it dashed back into the brush on the right hand side of the road. It looked like it had a six-point rack on the head of a cane cutter rabbit. For a moment my wife and I just sat there in stunned silence. Then she said "What the hell did I just see?" I said "If I believed in such a thing... I'd say that was goddammed jackalope..." we both laughed and then tried to rationalize it. Rabbit with sticks caught in its fur, so on and so on... but nah. I know what the heck we saw.
Put a white fluff bigfoot over a giant dinosaur hiding in a lake, causing hundreds of years of hunts. Smh, damn Wendigoon, ya slipped bad there
i know you did it for clarity, but no way somebody that gets recommended one of your videos doesn't know what a cryptid is
Hmmm while I agree as a Scottish man myself that Nessie is a tad overrated. She is the goat of all the knock off lake monsters that proceed her. A tier for sure along with the kraken for cultural impact of cryptids that at least have animals that exist they could be even if it implosable.
Dogman is literally just a bear seen at a distance
10 minute intro is CRAZY
I love the Jackalope, I'm from Wyoming and everytime we'd go to Yellowstone we'd ask others if they saw the jackalope out in the field
Where can I find the iceberg
bro seriously spent 10+ minutes talking about nothing before actually starting the video
10:20 start
Why weren't the Sierra sounds mentioned in regards to a certain cryptid. Those recordings were reported to have been checked by an expert and deemed to be real, not human and not tampered with. They're the closest thing to evidence that exists. I know little myself, but they're pretty awesome recordings.
Did you guys know mythical Sea Serpents are just Giant Oarfish?   100% a real animal.
BIGFOOT AND SASQUATCH ARE THE SAME THING???
Does the Jersey devil have a Jersey accent?
i read about the mothman in my brother's book about cryptids when i was a little kid and it terrified me, i never wanted to go out at night in fear of being eaten by him
17:27 would just like to add my knowledge of why sea monsters and tales of island sized creatures in the sea. The reason for these stories is because fishermen and sailors would go out in the sea maybe spot a huge (migration? School?) Of fish or whales and only see the outline of the group so it appeard much larger than they actually were something they actually do to protect from predators kind of like zebras and how they hang out in a pack and the stripes make it hard to tell where one starts and the other begins.
dog man is just Big Lincoln from LISA
Bro took 10 minutes to get into the iceberg
It's hilarious how long it takes for you to start the video
Chupacabra is one of my favorites honestly
Video starts at 10:23
ngl 10 minutes of jabbering before getting into the content is shitty
"... as an American, it is really just snow Bigfoot"  DUUUH, an an Indian, the bigfoot is just a bootleg jungle Yeti.
vid starts at 10:25 your welcome
The Loch Ness monster is just a greenland shark. It's the only logical explanation.  Sightings in the loch go back hundreds of years before the now defunct "Surgeon's Photo" of 1941. Greenland sharks, usually arctic creatures, are deep depth dwellers, and are known to travel as far south as Scotland. And the loch does have access to the ocean in certain times of the year. They can reach up to 20 feet in length, and are able to handle the loch's frigid-ass temperatures. It's a far better theory than the locals claim that it's a long extinct marine reptile, lol. A notably air breathing marine reptile, at that. If such a thing were in the loch, we'd know for sure. Cause it would be surfacing to breathe every few mins. The fact that something is there is practically undeniable, from all the sightings and even attacks going back to the Middle Ages, and the sonar hits we've gotten off of large objects swimming in the loch. Something is there. We just don't know what. Dolphins and seals also make their way into the loch from time to time. But again, air breathers; so known factors. Greenland sharks make the most logical sense given the evidence criteria.
Hey there, Iceberg King. If not for you (and TRO… who’s just as spectacular albeit on a somewhat different “content choice”), I’m positive that I’d never sleep. I HAVE to have a video playing where a voice that doesn’t incorporate wholly unnecessary and absolutely ludicrous noises and racket to their videos playing in order for me to sleep. Thank you, for not only covering such fun ideas, theories, and bizarre timelines, but for also making sure that you do so in a respectable manner and ensuring the proper credit ends up where it belongs. You are one of an extremely rare “diamond in the rough” channels out there. Thank you for all your insanely hard work. Even when you end up so tickled over what you’re talking about that you cannot help but laugh. You’re fantastic and I hope that you are finding personal fulfillment in your work, my friend.
You missed the man bear pig lol
10 min of just ads
ahhh the chupacabra. That was my personal nightmare cryptid as a kid lol!  I was like 8 visiting my family in Trinidad and some discovery channel show showed the spooky reptile man version which kept me up at night during the rest of the trip. I even used my grandma's computer to look up if Trinidad was in the chupacabra danger zone so to speak lmao
He gets to the point at 10:30
The skunk ape was due to a white stripe, not the odor, contrary to popular belief.
Me and my dad fish the TNT area where mothman was first sighted
wonderful work, iceberg boy
spent 1/3rd of the video yapping
I thought a common thing said about Bigfoot was that they are SO stinky? So the skunk ape wouldn't differ in that respect. Maybe, if they are real, the skunk ape's smell is heightened by the environment of the everglades? Like the humidity, the hotness.
Jump to 10 minutes for actual content
Over 10 minutes to get into the video... you're some of the worst that YouTube has to offer
As a Wyomingite I can confirm that the jackrabbit has proven difficult to hunt but I am determined, for a gang of jack rabbits beat up my goldfish and stole my wife
What da dog doin?
Research The Strangest Story Ever Told.  I lived in Wrangell AK. About creatures not far from there.
Balls
i legit thought you were saying Lauren was a cryptid
Fingers crossed for cactus cat please please please
The loch ness aint a lake, its a loch, its in the damn name 🤣
Bring back another episode of Bible stories!! Please Mr. Wendigoon, used to listen to them on walks to keep me grounded. ❤️❤️
Why did it take 1/3 of the way through the vid to start the iceberg
I’m not one who necessarily believes in Cryptids, except for one.  Back in 2013, my family and I took a spring break trip to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. After we left the airport and took a bus ride to our resort, something caught my eye as we took a corner. It appeared to be a relatively small to medium sized dog-like figure standing by the road just outside the brush and weeds. It was nearly completely hairless and had what I could only describe as razor sharp teeth showing in its horrific grin. It’s eyes were closed and it was the freakiest thing I had ever seen. The image of that creature showing its vampire like teeth is burnt in my mind, and I still can’t explain anything else that it could have been but that of the Chupacabra.
Over ten minutes into a 30 minute video and the iceberg hasn’t even started. Never change Wendigoon
I love the way you speak. “The channel has a *suspicious* lack of cryptid content.” Why is it suspicious Wendigoon? Is Wendigoon a crypid? We may never know 😂
damn where the jersey devil got all that cake from
How the hell is 10 minutes of the video just promo
Ads stop at 10:22
20:36 it’s pronounced thyla-seen.
Nessie: “I need about tree fiddy”
Cryptid lovers 👇
I grew up stateside. But my family, particularly my grandparents lived on a farm in Puerto Rico. Both sides of the family grandparents and great grandparents told me on their farm the had times where animals such as chickens and goats lost their blood and died but otherwise looked unharmed. They described it as being done by the chupacabra. I love my central American friends but you took our legend and made it less scary 😂
most splendid
Why is the intro 9mins long 💀💀💀 too many thank you’s, ads, and explanations
The first 10 minutes are explaining what an iceberg is an advertisement..... LAME
10 minutes waffle my god
I love that this man just straight up called the pacific northwest not hostile lol
my family has been trying to gaslight me into believing jackalope are real😡
thank you for this new iceberg, beloved iceberg boy
A lot of Mormons truly believe Bigfoot is Cain a figure from biblical mythology.
12:40 Jar Jar Binks?
Nomnomnom tastey words 😂
I probably missed an obvious completed iceberg somewhere but I really hope we get some aussie cryptids on the list! From yowies, bunyips, yara-ma-yha-whos and even drop-bears, we have some cool legendary creatures
Dude it’s Bigfoot c’mon
Listening to Wendigoon while researching moth species for character designs is my favorite activity
Nephilim isn’t on this one?
So technically are trans or people with pronouns criptids?
ive literally seen living jackalopes with my own eyes lol.
10:21 is when it starts just in case you were wondering
Dogman’s just an injured black bear
Intro done at 9:51, great video, but holy shit did i have to double click
How the hell did kraken not end up in an S tier? Mf it's A KRAKEN There are 2 important mythical beasts Dragons And a Kraken Everything else is a filler
Ngl man, I love your vids, but I think this one starts a bit too long into the video. Too much fluff in the beginning.
I'm only half mexican, but my half vote goes for the chupacabra, to be F tier, it was over hyped, and the movie at the Alamo was attrocious.
The Skunk Ape is just me after I sit down to play video games
I learned about Cryptids from the card game Metazoo
Oh, so the jackalope is kinda like if drop bears were a joke
The Kraken is not placed in its deserved place in S tier? Unliked, unsubbed, blocked, banned, sued, YES SUED I TELL YOU!
I’m Dominican, and personally the amount of stories my mom and grandma would tell me about the Chupacabra had be absolutely terrified. My mom would say that it would come at night and drink all my blood if it found me awake 😅 so for me it’s an S tier
Kraken S tier tbh
i wonder if sasquatch, yeti and skunk apes truly do exist, they could be descendants of neanderthals and other protohuman species
Mothman is one of the stupidest attempts at coming up with something cool ever. No long history. Just a quick flurry of BS. D list crud.
Honestly the most impossible thing on that jackalope hunting license at 27:28 is the idea that a wolverine would ever avoid anything out of respect for it's potential danger.
Abenaki mention, let’s go 🪶
Dude there’s like 10 minutes of introduction wtf, show the cryptids already
10 minutes for the video to start . . . damm
I always know to skip 10 mins ahead in these introduction videos
Broski are you religious?
Wendigoon could make a four hour whiteboard video about paint drying and it would still be entertaining.
Wendigoon: Doesn’t put Bigfoot on S tier  People from Washington: And I took that personally
What is he talking about?
Man I love wendigoon videos they make me remember why I love conspiracy theories and cryptids and all those other things that probably aren't real but are still fun to think about
30:06 you’re not going to mention the beach corpse?
26:29 do fearsome critters count?
Mothman, a **Swole** wise Herald  The Jackalope is absolutely not a cheap American Knockoff of the Wolpertinger. First American Cryptid and it's a Bootleg.
A quick extra 👍 for these, though do think Nessies and Champs are cooler than you do. Hey, a privelege of age to disagree with those younger...😊 That famous photo of Champ was taken in 1977, I believe, by Sandra Mansi, who departed in 2018. Just for completeness sake, thought it should be mentioned.
Youd think A would mean A+ since....you know....A
Can someone clip where he says “I shot you.”
He starts talking about everything at 10 mins
the actual video starts on 10:34
Man almost half this video to even get started wasn't the best structure it was a pure ramble skip the 1st 10 minutes people. Setting the tone is cool but that's not what the intro was. Great once it gets going though.
I am about 97% convinced that Wendi has ADHD and just turns his hyperfocuses into vidoes, which is great because then I dont to hyperfocus on it, Wendi does it for me
That's not accurate about the first "sighting" of dogman. Pliny the Elder wrote about them and therea been sightings for centuries, plus a VERY wide variety of types of dogmen out there. Didn't even touch on the intelligence of them! I am disappoint.
FINALLY MY FAVORITE AT THE END, THE DOGMAAANNNNN
Literally 10 straight minutes of preamble and shilling
22:52 George Washington shoutout.
Loving the current iceberg. I'll take you your 8th grade presentation and raise you a high school research project. I can't remember what my hypothesis was, but I do remember not believing I'd talked the teacher into it.  It was Mr. Stewart. He taught history. I conducted an anonymous research project on whether the students believed in cryptids. 😊
10 fucking minutes to start a video holy shit are you insane
i really love your videos
Fun fact: In the MonsterVerse, the Loch Ness Monster (real name: Leviathan) and the kraken (real name: Na Kika, there is also an unrelated kraken from the Netflix animated series Skull Island) were one of the many Titans that were previously hibernating and contained by Monarch until they were awakened by King Ghidorah (the only Titans that refused to listen to the call were Godzilla, Mothra, and King Kong).  Also, one of the Titans was a sea serpent called Tiamat (she finally makes an appearance in the comic Godzilla: Dominion).
10 minutes in he hasn’t started the iceberg
When you find out the loch ness monster was actually just a whale dick
He doesn't even mention a cryptid till about 10:30 into the video...
Mothman is so overrated
Hey YouTube is letting me comment again.  What a group of twats !! Hahah
That intro was way too damn long
There's a theory about the loch Ness monster that it was actually and I shit you not, a whale dick, because of how whales mate but that begs the question of how a whale even got there if it is true
I believed in Jackalopes for years. I live in Colorado and a local diner had one hanging on the wall. The old locals would tell me about tales of their experiences with the creature. Fun stuff
I came here for mothman at S and I stayed for the rest of the cryptid nonsense. very enjoyable
Whyd it take 10 minutes for the video to finally start.
INTERNATIONAL CRYPTOZOOLOGY MUSEUM MENTION!! I live just outside Portland and it’s one of my favorite places in the world ❤
anyone notice that the scarier and more dangerous a cryptid is, the more obscure they are and less evidence of them there is?...
Dude I really enjoy your content and love your iceberg videos but man, why does it take over 10 minutes to actually get into the video? I had to put it on 2x speed and the plugs just kept going. I get it, you’re gotta chase the bag and all that but holy shit, 10 mins?
Yeah, the Yeti is just the regional variant (Pokemon-style) for Bigfoot sorta lol 25:57 spoilers!! That first image of Dogman is literally just Okidogi from Pokemon
a 10 minute intro is crazy Stop yapping and get to the point loser oh my god
4:30 so... Is Valiant Thor a cryptid?
10 minutes to start a 35 minute video is ridiculous. hurry it the fuck up man
The legend of the Jackalope reminds me of a german mythical animal called the "wolpertinger". It's got many forms but the one i grew up knowing was a rabbit with antlers and duck wings.
My mom would put a narwhal on this iceberg
here's when the video starts 10:20 (not a hater its just such a long intro)
10:25 First cryptid mentioned at
I did a Napoleon dynamite inspired powerpoint presentation of Nessie back in like 8th grade 😂
Dude… nice video and all, but holy hell you need to cut out the 10 minutes of gibberish. It lends nothing to the video except decreasing retention rate
It's interesting how many of the legends of apparently intelligent, humanoid cryptids eventually evolve to turn them into a sort of beign or even helpful spirit of nature.
Herobrine when?
This guy can sure yap away with the intros
Hate that until today I was unaware that the Jackalope was not actually a real thing 🤦🏻‍♀️
sorry bro but this is the definition of yapping 10.5 mins until u got into the video
Wow, this guy... He's not too bright.
it's pronounced THIGH LAH SEEN,  the Tasmanian Tiger is a tragic creature, but at least in Australia we put way more effort now into protecting and preserving our wildlife.
15:55  Mrs. Wendigoon has made contact with the Moth Moon! I repeat: she has made contact with the Moth Moon!
MICHIGAN DOGMAN MENTION!!!
10000% agree on the Chubacabra in C for the reason of the alien-reptilian vampire sightings being pretty sick and cool, then when it just started to become "coyote with mange" sightings it got really lame and stupid
Thylacines (also it's pronounced thigh-la-seen, not keen) are cryptids because while they are reportedly extinct, there have been several claimed sightings of them, plus people who believe they still exist and continue to hunt for evidence of them like bigfoot. It's really exactly like a cryptid, the only difference is we know for certain it existed at one point in time, unlike bigfoot, mothman, or the loch ness monster.
0:25 why is the (what im guessing is anyway) iceberg image blurred? Did youtube flag soemthing?
My dude, I've been out in the everglades.  It's anything but hostile to life.  It's just not cozy.
kraken is s tier imo
i remember that Ben 10 episode where they battled a kraken, lol
Thanks for the definition of an "iceberg" my archaic ass kept thinking about the Titanic lmfao thanks homie!
No Forest Galant? He's the grandson of the guy who discovered the celocanthe and has the show extinct or alive!
Peek the corvette symbol
10:25 iceberg starts
Intro ends at 10:20
Skunk Ape is just a drunk Floridian. Change my mind.
As a native Michigander I actually have a story about the Dogman, or a skinwalker, whatever you’d rather call it. Let me know if you’d like me to share!
Leave Nessie alone!!
I've hunted the woods of Wexford county for over 20 years. Never heard of dog man. Crazy to hear that location being that its not really any sort of destination. Tye one titty bar closes at 10 and on sunday🤣
The kraken is the only cryptid I genuinely believe in.   The biggest giant squid ever recorded weighed in at 495 kilograms (1,091 lb)….  Octopi and squid are strong aswell…they have a serious death grip, I can imagine a colossal squid taking down a small fishing vessel
stop when i heard josh gates i screamed 💀 i love josh
"The goblin universe" I've never been more excited 😂
Holy this, 10+ min just to get to the content we came for
Video actually begins at 10:25
Too much " before we dive in" run around.. its like twenty minutez of previews before the movie starts.. i think you said the pronoun i a million times..
10:10 Heh.
I live in Skamania County wendigoon please come to do a video and witness this northwest beauty
10 mins and 20 seconds of absolute garbage. Unsub, cya.
Start here *10:23*
In Napoleon Dynamite when they call Loch Ness Lake Loch Ness I took it to be a joke, because obviously loch makes lake, after watching this I'm not too sure.
Tier list starts @10:17, you're welcome.
Bro took 10 minutes just yappin bs😭😭😭
I‘d like to add that, in my view at least, the kraken is an octopus and not a squid. Not only do giant squid provably exist while giant octopi have never been found, but more importantly squid are just unintelligent blobs that get eaten by bigger fish, while octopi are much more active hunters and highly intelligent meaning they have the capacity to attack boats for reasons other than hunger, like malice.
bro was yappin for like 10 min just get into the video omfg
10:27 to get to the start of the ice berg.
The dogman matches medieval legends of the Cynocephalics, interesting. Legends of humanoids with dog head are common in almost every culture, a video essay on them would be cool. :)
Finally. Been waiting for this.
8 minutes and the video didnt even start yet, jesus christ...
12:19 *"sightings of the loch ness monster dates back even further than the first millennia"??* I don't think you know what that word means.
Okay i have to rant: With the moth man and the bridge collapsing, it kinda pisses me off that a bridge that was just probably built really shittily got blamed on some moth person. Imagine *dying* and people, instead of building better and safer brigdes, they just explain it away with the other most logical thing: A half moth half human??? Alright rant over.
ur so sexy!
10 and a half minutes is crazy this guy doesn't stop yapping
"Christmas came early" just like me as soon as I saw wendigoon
Shope's Papilloma is why they saw rabbits with horns
Destination truth by Josh Gates is a great watch for cyrptid stuff. Strong suggest
10 1/2 minutes of you yapping about bull till you finally got the what we came here for
the kracken has always been my favorite. I love the ocean and the idea of an absolutely enormous sea creature living down there has always been awesome
I love the Nessy whale peepee theory
As someone from the future, he does not meet the December deadline lmao
So I’m Aussie, I moved to Tasmania a few years ago, and studied the Tasmanian Tiger as part of a project in University.   When Tasmania was first discovered, colonists pretty much found it to be perfect for farming given how good the grass and stuff was, it would eventually become the home of one of the biggest wool industries in the world. So, Essentially, The Thylacine is only native to Tassie, they were a marsupial, which took everyone by shock because humans found marsupials to be inferior animals given they couldn’t be trained, but this was one of the only marsupials who actually posed a ‘threat’ to colonisation in Tasmania. It was the size of a dog, and of course would start hunting sheep and chickens when their habitats were taken over. Naturally humankind got pissy and paid for everyone to start just opening fire and killing them on sight, which is also what they did to native Tasmanians. When everyone noticed ‘Hey I wonder where all the tigers went🤷‍♂️’ they’d have a change of heart and have a few of them thrown in cages and shown off as endangered species. Not because they cared about saving them but for the profit. Pretty much, it was a disease like canine distemper that put the existence of Tasmanian tigers in jeprody, but it was human beings that really snuffed them out. The interesting thing being that I don’t actually think the Tasmanian tigers did that much damage to farm animals to begin with, people were just threatened by the fact this was an animal they couldn’t control like domestic dogs and stuff. Anyway it would be considered a cryptid given some people really believe there are a few who survived their premature extinction and just live hiding from human beings. It’s a thing for people to go looking for them sometimes, and there are scientists trying to bring them back who really think they’ve got a shot given how recent their extinction was.
I used to think jackalopes were real because I have family that lives in Wyoming, and I just accepted what they said as the truth
There is a very famous cryptid from Brazil that's called "Chupa Cu de Goinhaninha", or in english "The Ass Sucker from Little Goiânia". It is a beast similar to the chupa-cabra, but instead of sucking blood like vampire, they suck the ass of those who are reading this
No way u just said lake Loch Ness 🤦‍♀️ 12:24 ( I apologize if u just didn’t know )
holy shit the video straight up starts ten minutes in
I was exited when I saw the video was 35 minutes long, then disappointed when he took over 10 minutes to say nothing before starting the video
The most terrifying thing on this iceberg was his pronunciation of thylacine
Dogman is sss not c asshole
Jersey devil is sss not a
Chupacabra is a bro
Id put Bigfoot in b tier he's mid
I have kissed that mothman statue
Christ ten minutes to get to the start of the video is ridiculous when it's only 35 minutes long
He stops yapping at 10:25
Dogman: the original Furry.
Let's be honest, the Skunk Ape is just a Reddit mod with too much hair ^^
The dogman was just the first furry
I haven’t showered since 2023
You know what all the Bigfoot variants remind me of? How in games like WoW or Final Fantasy, you'd encounter reskins or palette swapped enemies.
Loch means lake wendigoon!!
Dogman deserves another look and re-catagorization....😢
Fun fact about Josh Gates: he believed that he found a Yeti footprint (I forget on which episode of Destination Truth). The cast of the footprint is in the line of the Disney World Ride Expedition Everest.  Do I think it was 100% a Yeti footprint? No. Was it amazing to see the cast? 100%.
The jersey devil is just a reflection of all  of new jersey
Most American biased tear list ever 🥱
Big Foot is like the Goku of Cryptids, robbed of S teir! 😡
Wait wait wait. Wife?! Congrats y’all (where tf have I been)
Is the first painting in the Yeti segment a Frazetta?  Edit: Clarity
When does the video actually start. I’m 7:37 in and it’s still just self promoting and explaining the obvious
Why is the dog man and werewolves always depicted as snarling why can’t they ever look like chill dogs. Tell well actually ppl y’all know everything
The video starts at 10 mins
chupacabra being a weird semi-reptilian humanoid is way cooler than it being Literally Just A Dog With Mange
omg he finally made it
3 to 15 feet? Imagining a 3 foot tall Yeti is kinda comforting like what if he’s a chill little guy
I've heard of a thylacine, but never a thyla-kine! Haha
SOMEBODY CALL 911 SHAWDY BURNING FIRE ON THE DANCE FLOOR
Someone give me the number for 91/1!!
The full story of Mothman is super interesting since there's way more to it than just Mothman itself, tons of other high strangeness happened in conjunction with the sightings including the Indrid Cold stuff  Think Anomalous' video on it is superb, super underrated channel worth checking out if you're into paranormal/anomalous type of phenomena
10:20 If you wanna skip to the juicy stuff ;)
thigh-luh-seen _not_ "kine"
Wendigoon is a real deal Christian. A believer who truly follows the teachings of Christ. You know, teachings like tolerance, compassion, and treating people decently. The rabid Bible thumpers and the ones who put the "mental" in "fundamentals" could learn a lot from him.
Just some honest criticism (if you haven't already received it);  The intro you made for this video (leading to the actual iceberg) was way too long. It personally took you 10+ mins in a 35 min long video to get to the actual content.   I appreciate and enjoy your icebergs, but the long-winded intros seem unnecessarily long and feels a lot of it could be easily summed up in a few mins.
10:20
For those of you who are starting this video, just skip the first 10 minutes of it. It's mostly rambling and sponsoring up to that point. Save you some time
Happy new year! I'll ring in the new year with this!
Why have i never heard of Short King 3' tall Yeti?
it literally took you TEN MINUTES TO START THE VIDEO
Bro yapped for a solid 10 minutes before the video actually started
I’m glad the Thylacine is dead. Imagine running into that thing and it opens its mouth 90 degrees. Jesus that would be scary
Bro yapped for 10 min wtf
Video starts at 10:25
Anyone else watch Lost Tapes?
people out here really complaining about the intro  you know you can SKIP forward in videos, right? backwards too!
Bruh wtf 10 min intro booo!
22:52 I was playing with legos and I instantly looked up when he said Horned Serpent
I have something to contribute for once! I can't remember off the top of my head but apparently the first sighting of the chupacabra was of a woman who had just seen the movie Evolution, which had an eerily similar monster (reptilian humanoid, fangs, quills), and she might have confused the two with that.
I knew a guy who would visit family in VA every so often. Every time he went he left a can of baked beans by the Mothman statue.
I like the content but this intro was crazy long
10min+ intro is wild. Tighten up Wendy
yass before christmas
...nope werewolves are the worst! Dogman is equal to the werewolf!  Just no! Lol
Over 10 minutes into the video and it never got to the subject matter.  So I paused and will search for content somewhere.
I grew up in Michigan and me and my best friend maintain to this day we saw dogman well playing in the woods one day. There were other sightings in the area.
Why is every obscure western county named after Irish ones
Ice bery boy!!!!
As a Floridian , it’s really cool to see Skunk Ape make it on any kind of list, it’s usually overshadowed by the more popular PNW Bigfoot. We also have Florida-Man , while not a cryptid , it is most definitely a unnatural unholy creature 😂
Video starts at 10:26
Please don’t burn yourself out doing all these podcast. Especially when you don’t need to do them.
Thylacine is a cryptid because people claim that they have spotted some alive. Even though it was pronounced extint and did exsist, these sightings make it a cryptid. Same is true with any other ordinary animal that appears on the iceberg.
Video starts at 0:00
I genuinely think the patterson gimlin film is genuine
Me and my mom were driving from Oregon to Nebraska. We tried to go without any rest breaks. Once we crossed the NE border my mom nearly swerved off the road and my mom swears to this day (8+ years later) that it was a jackalope that ran in front of our car☠️
Bro the vid startts at 9:58  no way 💀💀
go back to the room you use to make vids in
the first time I personally heard about cryptids was on the show expedition unknown which is hosted by Josh Gates
Cool
SPOILER: He doesnt finish by Christmas.
My brother in Christ, please research cynocephaly legends/historical accounts including St Christopher’s association with dog faced men. Also there is an orthodox/catholic saint who first discovered the Loch Ness monster!
Please cover the pigman of Shelby forest as it’s a legend I grew up with. I know it’s really obscure 😂
"An iceberg is a quick look" I couldn't finish his iceberg video on serial killers, it was 4.5 hours long lol
Makes me mad happy that Champ/Champie was featured here. He's the mascot of Vermont's minor-league baseball team "The Lake Monsters" and one of my high school teachers used to wear the costume.
When you said lake Loch Ness I practically heard everyone in Scotland internally screaming (it’s like saying chai tea, you’re just calling it lake lake ness😭🥲)
I forget who but there was a theory that the chupacabra are thylocines there were ment to go to the bronx zoo but it lost to sea
holy shit over 10 min of bs
The actual video starts after 10 fucking minutes 😭
I had no idea wendigoon was married and i had to look it up and theyre so wildly cute together :)
"You're probably not eating the diet you should be eating everyday" Me, eating a double cheeseburger and sipping an energy drink: 👀
10:25 content starts.
VIdeo starts at 10:20 , which is kinda impressive.
Jackalope deserves S tier how dare you. I also grew up in Wyoming so maybe I’m biased. I have a tattoo of one lmfao
Me watching this at(at work) across the River from the Mothman town
yeti and smelly shit will definitely kick bigfoot's ass.
I was half-expecting Brandon Herrera to be written in the B slot one of the times you cut back to the board lmao
20:07 thylacine is pronounced as Thylaseen.
🎄🫶🙏
Day 1 of begging Wendigoon to include the Rougarou in the list
Here’s the thing about the jackalope, it sort of actually exists. Rabbits are susceptible to a virus called Shope papilloma. This virus causes horrific hard lumps to form out of the rabbits body/face, giving the appearance of horns. The early settlers probably saw rabbits with this condition when they first thought they were seeing jackalopes.
Video starts at 10:30
He sip that AG1 like a person who doesn’t drink liquor sips on NYE 😂
Sasquatch is literally real.
16:00 smash!
Michigan dogman is goated
Skip to 10:00 to get to the content.
It’s crazy seeing how far along the channel has come since I’ve joined the community! I’ve been subbed since 150k 🥹 i love this channel
Is.. is god technically a Cryptid??
10:12 Sadly aged fine like wine. Hope you’re doing well Wendigoon. God bless.
Bro stop waffling about on your intros next time. I get that you need to shill out and shit, but make it in a way where we don't blow our ears off listening to uninteresting shit. Make it concise or something.
How can you talk about the Jackalope but negelect to mention the Boonville Beer of Boonville CA? Shameful!
Thank u iceberg boy
Okay iceberg boy
just so you know saying "lake loch ness" is redundant, loch means lake. It is just called "loch ness".
Poob will love this
Bruh 10 minutes of announcements
Would the idea of a Mimic not be a warning against something like Bandits, or other people who are trying to lure others into isolated places to kill/rob them?  I am referencing something you mentioned on Unsubscribe, but you are more likely to get this here.
Iceberg starts at 10:26
Video starts at 10:22
Coming to this straight off the newest UnSubscribe podcast with Windigoon!!!!
Thank you for the compelling content Iceberg Boy
ICEBERG BOY
9:46 to skip the whole thing at the start
Fucking 10 minutes of bullshit before you even start the video nice thanks.
the absolute RELIEF that flooded thru me when he put mothman at s tier. he gets it
I thought Sasquach's goal all along was to capture the Beastie Boys.
I love how the Jackalope is just a ripoff from the german Wolpertinger
Always touch the shiny hinneylol😂 I also have touched the mothman booty😂
Does Krampus count as a cryptid?
Can’t have anything in Ohio not even a bridge connecting to it
I personally put all Bigfoot esc cryptids in D tier. An ape-man isn't that unique or interesting. It lacks imagination, and overshadows the cooler, more obscure ones
It took me too long to watch this because of university chores, but I just wanna say I think Bigfoot is a a ridiculous name. It should be BigFEET. I mean, unless the sasquatch had hurt his toe on rocky terrain and was jumping on one foot only, people must have found two footprints! And surely in the sightings it was a two-legged creature, right? LMAO. Thanks, Wendi, for another great video. Can't wait to see the deeper iceberg parts!
I listened to your 'icebergs' a few years back when I started working as a museum cleaner, and it was such a joy to hear your sound at 4am while I cleaned! We technically weren't allowed headphones, but I kept one earbud in, and it gave me motivation to do the gruelling job required at the time, yet making me so spooked Id be scared without lights. I really owe my ongoing progress to you engaging me with interesting stuff. I'm so happy you popped off.
Moth man S tier and Bigfoot not? Already out
10 minutes and 24 seconds OF INTROS
Is god a cryptid?
@10:26 The list starts
Wendigoon: we know and love it-  me: Magic spoon, Magic Spoon  MAGIC SPOON  Wendigoon: AG1  me: what?
As an Ohioan. Mothman is S Tier 100% and there is SO MUCH more to the story
FYI vid doesn’t really start till 10:27 your welcome
Omg I’ve been wanting this for a while
The Tasmanian Tiger should have been on the list. It qualifies as a cryptid, since there are many alleged sightings to this day.
The Thylacine is also being brought back to life using saved DNA and DNA of still living animals
Video doesn’t start until 10 min in. Thank me later.
Actual video starts at 10:22.
Ep 3 please!!
This video starts a third into the runtime like come on
The Champie horned serpent might be the creature from Canadian Anishinaabe/Ojibwe stories, Mishipizhiw.
Staring at this video in utter disbelief as THE KRAKEN shares a tier with skunkape💀
Me watching this in my Mothman shirt from LizPavlovic Design 🔴〰️🔴
Wendigoon, you don't have 3M subs because your setup is perfect. You have 3M subs because your content is S-tier.
Wendigeddon
If this guy says "but before we get started" again im gonna lose it
12:15 "Lake Loch Ness" unlistenable
The Tasmanian Tiger, rare Timberwolves and England's giant black cats are my favorite because they all exist or existed at some point and they still might. For example the American mountain lion. Lots exist but barely anyone ever sees one in the wild. Now imagine much rarer animals in unexplored territories.   But i really want to Nessie or Gojira to be real, dammed!
"The chupacabra (or goat sucker)" Goatman: 👀🥵
Lol dude don’t act like we don’t know December is the best paid month for YouTubers, explaining why y’all all the sudden wanna release as many videos as possible 😂. « The video is gonna be too long in 1 part » yeah right !😂
if you take 10 minutes to start your video, there's something wrong. That whole intro should've been cut down to 3 minutes max.
I'm not sure if anyone said this before but thylacine is pronounced like thy-la-seen. Not thyla-kine.
Bro 10 minutes before the actual video…
Wendigoon could make a 3 hour video on something i couldnt care less about innany universe and it would captivate my ass
A 10 minute intro is wild bro...
Now the real question is can they survive a gun because we humans can’t and literally no animals can so what would happen if you had the chance to shoot moth man or shoot Bigfoot? I’m pretty sure they would all fall because the gun is just too op 😂
I just want Mothman to hold me
Anyone remember the Jersey devil in poptropica? Thing scared the heck out of me
you should do a cryptid video on all the crazy folklore we have in Scandinavia, some of that shit is absolutely wild and quite a few of them are unironically terrifying.
10:26 video starts
Only took 10 minutes and 26 seconds to start talking about the topic of the video
god damn bro it took 10 mins to actually get to the point of the video. quit yappin
Sasquatch are still out there. Even if not, they 100% were a species but not documented. Should be in N/A but we don’t have pictures of them. They do or at least did exist
Thylacine are pronounced thigh - la - seen. Not a cryptic but a recently extinct marsupial predator. Recently the advancements in cloning has promised their return in the coming years.
my uncle is convinced he’s seen the dogman. he’s a very stoic and level-headed guy; he served in the us navy for many years and worked as a prison guard until his retirement so there isn’t much that phases him, but he gets genuinely afraid and hates talking about his experience with seeing it. the man, his friend, whom he was with at the time of the sighting refuses to acknowledge it. interesting stuff.
When I was in 11th grade US HISTORY, everyone was assigned a US cryptid and required reports to be done on them
AHHHHHHHH
Saw the jackalope, immediately thought of America's funniest people from back in the 90s. "Fastest I can be, you'll never catch me"
Why does the chupacabra look cooked 😂😂24:49
Wendi it's pronounced thyla-seen, oh and it might still be out there somewhere here in Australia small population somewhere
@wendigoon courtesy of one of ur subscribers (my bf) I am hooked on ur videos and now a subby myself!! Hope u have a lovely Christmas!!
10:20 video actually fucking starts. 10 minutes of the fucking bs
Who else thought  that the cupacabra was just a Mexican Bigfoot because of that scooby doo episode
you, you understand me
Video starts at 10:19
Took over 10 minutes to get to the video😭
8:30 it actually.... *sips the tiniest amount and braces* tastes just fine...
Content starts at 10:20 for those not wanting to waste 10m on ads and explanations of what a cryptic or a tier list is. Enough to make me find another creator… ffs
What other Scottish people almost had a spiderverse "Chai Tea!?" moment when he mentioned Lake-Loch-Ness?
light work comes with 4 million subs don’t worry
We spent ten years in Wyoming.  We have a jackalope license framed
you’ve never heard of whale penis wendigoon?
It took him more than 10 minutes to get into the video
Video starts at 10:26
video starts at 10:22
10 minute ahh intro 😭
Dude.  Get to the point and stop just filling space.  You are killing me.
That 10 minute intro is crazy
Mothman jeepers creepers?
How is this the second supernatural pice of media that I've seen that is sponsored by AG1 😂😂😂
Thyla-SEEN, not 'thyla-kyne'. They aren't extinct; numerous individuals have spotted them over the decades.
10:26 to get what you clicked for.
video starts at 10:20 guys
The jackelope is real, i saw him in ocitillo wells in California
Wendigoon is the only YouTuber who can do a 10 min intro and still have this much engagement stg..
I’ve gone out “looking” for the jersey devil. The only thing we saw that was scary was the woods 😂 those backroads are creepy af in the middle of the night
12:19 not to be massively pedantic but it's just loch ness, not lake loch ness, because a loch is just a lake lol
For those wondering, the video starts about 10 1/2 minutes in
I need about tree fifty
I live in Maine and just heard a local legend of 5 dogman like creatures stalking a family in a town called Palmyra
GOD BLESS!
Finally getting around to watching this. It's nice to see Iceberg Boy return to his roots! Can't wait for more.
YOU WILL DRINK YOUR SOYLENT GREEN SHAKE
I waited over a year for Wendigoon to give the Jersey Devil an A rank? If you give the stupid moth idiot an S rank you’d better change JD to S too!
Seems like people are doing a meme so, the video ACTUALLY starts at 14:15
Me, a New Englander, frantically mapping out how far I am from the museum Portland…
Skip to 10:30 if you want to avoid the unnecessary yapping
If you don't want to hear wendigoon yapping then Go to 10:22
Isnt this just a regular Tierlist and not an Iceberg? Icebergs start with things that are the most well known and the deeper it gets, the more obscure/fucked up it gets
Josh Gates is S tier
15:51 there are a few reports of mothman being sighted here in minnesota in the month right before the i-35W bridge collapse- which is interesting because that takes this creatures lore and makes it very anti-bridge?? A harbinger of bridge collapses for some reason
I saw a video of a person saying the dog man was a normal man and him and his wife owned a lot of dog and I forgot the rest and I’m trying to find the og vid telling this story
Nessys cousin out there big up champy
Or is bigfoot just a forest yeti 🤔
Please drop vacuum cleaner iceberg
10 minutes for intro is crazy This is too much dude
Bro.. My dude... My Guy... you are a fantastic content creator but LITERALLY OVER TEN MINUTES AND 1/3RD OF THE VIDEO IN BEFORE YOU START????  *PLEASE* try to work on this, it's already been one of your biggest problems and at this point it's just ridiculous lmfao
The 10 minute yapping simulator was literly 25% of the fucking video
The iceberg start at 10:20
If you know your cryptid stuff, dont take things said in this video so seriously, its very biased.
ICEBERG ISAAC 🧊
Video starts at 10:22💀
Video starts here 10:00 ffs
We have a cryptid/in-joke named Wolpertinger in Germany. It is basically 1:1 the appearance of the Jackalope. Do you think the two are connected?
*Starts at 10:30
Poob is gonna love this one
10 minutes for an intro is WAY too long.
Over ten minutes of introduction. This is ridiculous.
10:33
MOTHMAN IN S TIER RRRRRRAAAAHHHHHH
People tend to misinterpret Champy based on the settlers’ understanding of the creature. Great horned serpents are key figures in the mythology and legends of countless indigenous nations in north america and have more lore and history than most people realize
Nice try, glowie. I wont take your green powder.
Cynocephaly stories are likely prehistoric. Does that not qualify as a dog-headed man?
Loch Ness monster whale peepee heehee
A 29ft giant squid, was found by a fisherman in Hare Bay, Nov 10, 1981. That squid is now on display at The Rooms in St. John's, Newfoundland.
Mothman is literally my dad
Yay!
The video starts at 10:29
The Salish word Sasquet is pronounced Saskeht. As a Native American folklore nerd I had to point this out :)
I was getting ready to say Magic Spoon with him and he hit me with the AG1. I'm so let down right now.
Bruh this was a yappathon he didn’t start the tier list until nearly 10 minutes in 😅
inb4 Giants are gonna be S tier, I'm sure
30:00 fun fact abt the jersey devil coming from a new jersey resident myself, napoleons(yes THAT napoleon) brother who was the king of Spain for a period of time is one of the many recorded sightings of the devil with him having claimed to have saw and was fascinated by it while he was out hunting
Hbomberguy got me googling random sentences from this video just to be sure. As far as I can tell, he's clean. :)
I saw the Jersey Devil once, I don’t like to talk about it.
hearing "those native to the land" as someone from lake Champlain feels so strange lol
You left your God out of the iceberg bible thumper
Loch means lake. You basically did the equivalent of someone saying ATM machine. 🤣
i love your content Wendigoon! But 10 mins into the video and it still hasnt started on the cryptids
jeez 10 min before he even starts doing the iceberg 💀
Know what I'm watching for the rest of December
btw the myanmar skunk ape photos were not a ripley’s fake lol. the photos are def real and the people who tried to make it a “hoax” couldn’t even do it the sleeves not to mention there are two photos and they couldn’t recreate the second one AT ALL
Bigfoot, stinky Bigfoot, chilly Bigfoot, littlefoot (land before time)
@wendigoon I'm respectfully disagreeing with the Dogman's rating. The Dogman wasn't started by Steve Cook, his song just gave people courage to speak out. It was the magnet for people who had been having Dogman experiences long before the song was made. Also legends of Dogmen date back way farther than the song anyway. So I disagree respectfully but passionately.
As a Canadian, I hope you eventually have Ogopogo on the iceberg :)
The chupacabra never changed people just started using it as a catch all for any creature seen after an animal was sucked dry of its blood but blue hounds(blue dogs)are the hairless dog things being misidentified as such
Actually video starts here: 9:53
Video starts at 10:33
0:53 whale penis💀
Near my town there were cows found dead with no blood and bite marks on there necks
Lake loch Ness is basically saying lake lake ness. Love your videos still 🎉
Wendigoon is a Corvette fan? 👀
Please in the future shorten your intro. Outside of  defining Cryptid, it took ten minutes and thirty seconds for you to get to the iceberg. Maybe you were going for the scary movie trope of not showing the monster in the first third of the movie, but I think it is fair to expect 75% directly has to do with the main course.  Once you got into it, it was fine. Yes I am interested in your tier listings, yes I want your personal opinions and childhood stories because it gives more insight into those opinions.  The meat of the video was great, it was just overly couched in the front. The outro was a fine length; no critque there.  Something I was surprised you did not add about the Jackalopes was the tumor sickness recently discovered in rabbits. While some downright blind the bunnies, other smaller growths do resemble horns and even antlers to a small extent, lending to their plausibility.   I did like the inclusion of the Tasmanian Tiger. While I disagree with some of your opinions, my opinions, like yours, are just like, our opinions, man.  Have fun out there.
Wendigoon serving up some more slop for the masses
i love that the intro is 10 minutes lmfao
Why are the ads spam now? I thought ads on videos would be legit..
As an ex-New Yorker from Clinton County, I agree with the Champ rating. Cool af if you are a kid, lamer than a bum leg  once you grow up. A-Tier local mascot though
9 minutes in and the video hasnt started yet. Clicking off.
WHERE PHONEGINGI
Video starts at 10:30
love you wendigoon
Wait the jackalope isn’t real?
If we're talking about cryptid hunting shows, can't forgot the holy grail, Mountain Monsters. 🤌🤌
Bro.. you say you can’t do it all in 1 video cause the timing but you literally took 11 minutes to actually start talking about the iceberg
It took 10 minutes to get to the actual content of the video lol
12:25 "meesa nessy binks"
The Tasmanian Tiger, or Thylacine, is closely enough related to the Tasmanian Devil that there have been talks for decades about attempting to Jurassic Park the species back to life
The Thylacine is still sighted throughout Australia
I'm not sure if you've covered it yet, but you should check out the Northwest Pacific Tree Octopus! Great conspiracy, super funny, love trolling my friends with it online
Jackalope is an American variant of a pre-existing European folk monster tradition that came from germany & bavaria, known as the Wolpertinger, which is used for many hybrid animals, but specifically the Rasselbock, and pre dates the american popularization, and is uh,,, , yeah very specifically a rabbit + antlers! So it got made popular in the USA sure but it predates it firmly as a tall tale that people told lonnnnng before it appeared in the USA settlers.
Bro yapped for the first 10 minutes
gooning rn you native american hunk
Thylacine is pronounced “THY-LA-SEEN”
i liked the 10 minute intro <3
The House of Leaves book behind him scares me.
10 minutes of fluff, jesus - the video finally starts at 10:31
Was yappin for the first 10 minutes
Dude took a whole 10 minutes to start the actual video
Video actually starts at 10:30. Seriously. Absolute waste of time.
【Shades Finnish Pirates】The cryptid christian Tuber will cover Cryptids, interesting and i will wathc this with great interest since Mr. Wendigoon should be kinda mentally atleast expert on this area. Christian sync, after i got my point written about your channel being named after a cryptid (mine is stolen from One Piece anime /manga protagonist Straw hat Monkey D. Luffy & Straw Hat Pirates) and then you said it yourself that your channel is named after a cryptid. Mysterious are the ways of Christian God, but fun and well see what happens next on this video. Gotta say your ad's make point, i take D-K2 vitamin in liquid form from Throne, i take japanese multivitamin from Ebay and i think it really gives you the energy you need. To be honest i started buying the multivitamin after your ad and while not maybe what the sponsor expects but still a healthy christian is always a plus no matter how you get healthy so thanks for the tips among the ads. The series is refreshing, i like it and i wait to see more.
Love these videos, with regards the Loch Ness monster, the surgeons photo looks like a killer whale to me, it’s fin breaking above the water.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I’m sorry but you need to start the dang video what the heck
to me, the yeti is more like bigfoot but actually interesting lol
Bro boutta make a 4 hour video about rocks and make bank bc he's just that guy
you nicknamed my daughter after the lake ness monster
As someone with little to no standing in the world of yt and the communities in it, as long as your happy making what your make then why should it matter. Also I stay until I hear "BYE" only because it reminds me of "GIANTS" and most days I just need that little chuckle, so thank you✌️
10 minutes of introduction. wtf is this bs ?!
I’m sorry but it took a full third of the fucking video’s run time for you to start covering The topic of the video, and being that this is the first video of yours I’ve ever watched I have not only lost interest in this specific video series but also your entire channel.
I’m from Portland good to see Maine getting some attention
My take on the tiers so far. S Tier - Mothman & The Jersey Devil A Tier - The Kraken, The Yeti, and The Chupacabra B Tier - Bigfoot & Skunk Ape C Tier - Lock Ness Monster & Dogman D Tier - Champie F Tier - (Empty)
you can skip the first ten minutes where bro is just yapping
Bet u got sum to do wit kratum
Hold on, jackalopes are totally real and definitely S tier. I grew up near one of their dens, and we often left it whiskey and muenster cheeses in order for it to not taunt our dogs. So long as it was drunk, it was really cool. Sober, it was an asshole. I hope whoever moved in after we left got our note about it...
If you like point pleasant and the kitchy ness of it, you'll love Roswell new mexico
if the topic of the video doesn’t start until 10 minutes in, please mention that in the beginning of the video. it’s frustrating as a viewer
“On this episode of finding Bigfoot”   Host: We still haven’t the fuckin guy yet!
Video doesn't actually start until 10:30
Wait, don't folks already get vitamin D and 5 travel packs for free with their initial purchase? What does the link offer?
I need Dadigoon merch !!
I feel that so much with the historical report thing. Had a class where we had to go over historical events in terms of media. We had people that did reports on various inventions, people, and especially movies, like Jaws and fear of sharks, or just the history behind Casablanca. I did The War of the Worlds. Needless to say my report stood out a bit lol
You probably could’ve finished the iceberg faster if you didn’t talk about literally nothing of interest for almost half the video
As a HUGE Corvette fan, that sign in the upper left made me extremely happy. Never knew you liked ‘em man! (:
Bb Kelpie overrated? WHAT?! I love her!
0:27 No way I've been there
Is no one going to talk about Dan Akroyd being at the very bottom of this list? Like whaaaat?😂😂😂
The iceberg doesnt start until 10 mins into the vid btw
35:36 lmao I'd watch him talk about paint drying and he asks if I hate the video
As a floridian, that skunk ape picture scared the absolute shit out of me as a kid. Still like to camp though.
Wow the first 10min is all plug I thought that was only a joke...
a bit of going through the motions now huh
Here to support because of what I heard about the drama on twitter. Love your shit g, fuck the twitter losers 👌🏻
tiktok-addicted zoomers when the first video of a dense 5+ part series has a longer intro: 🤯
It’s “Tylaseen”
Wendigoon I love you brudda but you cannot take this long to get to the point
Here is one we tell in my area of WV as far as I know it’s just my family but we tell young kids to scare them during winter about snow snakes they ain’t real but they are about 3’ long and solid white pretty much a black rat snake turned white except they are much more aggressive wanting to bite young kids and people who stay in the snow too long and they live in burrows underground while not real it’s still fun to tell kids about that and see them either scared or in disbelief I didn’t believe it much but it still stayed in my mind any time I went outside in the snow
I have a friend who was born in mexico and his mom use to tell him if he didnt come home before dark the chupacabra would get him 😂
Could you please please do an iceberg theory on the Christmas tree explaining how it became how we view it today?
Bros intro is longer than the iceberg
9:51 is when the actual video starts
LETS GO LETS FUCKING GO
My Bigfoot like Encounter,  Here in  WV, when I was about 20, I got stalked for the worst 5 miles of my life one night, while walking down a rural, by something that sounded & moved like some kind of feline bigfoot. It was tall with very long arms, covered in jagged dark fur, it moved like a big cat, just on 2 legs &  it screamed 3 times, possibly trying to get me to freeze or turn and run, but it sounded like a mix between the MGM lion at the beginning of movies & the GNARLIEST death metal scream/growl ever, completely inhuman, but human somehow. I barely heard the 1st sound over my shuffling feet, the 2nd time was much louder, which caused me to stop and peer out into the dark field it was coming from and it came the 3rd time loud, clear, and WAY closer like it was running up on me but stopped just outside the range of the roadside light. As calmly as possible retreated to where I was coming from, but was turned away( complicated situation with baby momma) I took a big kitchen knife, (b4 I owned a handgun) The only thing that kept me from sleeping on the stairwell of the building, was the scene in the Howling or some other Werewolf movie where these people get eaten in the stairwell, so I set back out completely terrified. I made a mile back into the road, where the houses thinned out and the road opened up to cornfields, that had luckily been harvested or I wouldn't have had any visibility to protect me, but there were patches of woods staggered down the road on opposite sides. When I get a lil down the road from the last houses for a while & a patch of woods, start to feel a little better. Then I heard gravel shuffle maybe 100 yards behind me a turn to see it, fully silhouetted by the last floodlight on a carport in all its shaggy fur-covered horror crossing the road into the wooded patch opposite side of the road that ran next to me.  and it continued to methodically make it's way through the woods, mostly quietly, but with occasion LOUD branch snappings.  I would only see glimpses occasionally when I caught it changing sides of the road to stay in the tree lines to continue to work after me. I really think after it didn't get the desired effect from screaming, it knew I had prepared myself and was trying to get to where it could take me by surprise( I mean I carried a big kitchen knife in my hand in the full open, so it probably saw that) I completely forgot about the knife in my hand the 1st time I was passed by a car, and tried to wave, what ended up being a Sheriff's deputy down with a blade in my hand but I was completely ignored &  heartlessly left me to my fate .I realized I lost ground to it by stopping to wave at the car and  Luckily, a few more passing cars & their headlights let me gain distance on it while it hid from sight and I double-timed it when in the headlights before returning to defensive mode when they got past. At the 3 1/2 mile mark or so a field full of cattle next to the road completely spazzed out and stampeded in a circle around the field on the opposite side of the road completely spooked unlike anything I'd ever seen in person & then another 1/4 mile later 3 green-lighted EMT SUVs(1st time I'd seen Green emergency lights) popped the hill and flew by me and all signs of the creature were gone along with the feeling of being stalked &  I made it, but 5 other people I knew, or people who told stories to people I knew had similar experiences on the same road.
As a Wisconsinite I really hope the Hodag makes an appearance in this series!!
Still feels weird to me to call the Wendigo a "cryptid", it's like calling the Devil or angels or gods cryptids
Literally just finished the conspiracy theory super video earlier today 😅 excited to watch this one as it comes out ❤
Cryptids mentioned so far across the world (N/As excluded): USA: 8 Europe: 2 Asia: 1 Rest of North America: 0 South America: 0 Africa: 0 Australia: 0 So far, I'm not surprised in the slightest.
WHAT ABOUT THE LEGENDARY CHUPA CÚ DE GOIANINHA?????????????????????????????????????????????
Video starts at 10 minutes
get to it iceberg boy
jus wanna say wendigoon loving your videos since 3k subs
Skip to 9:51 (goddamn)  to skip all the ads
literally 1/3 of this video is him YAPPING about nothing involving the actual video title
bro I love your videos but no way you just smacked absolute nonsense for 10 minutes, then dropped an ad. Like atleast add some time stamps holy
Stuck inside with covid, perfect timing for a wendigoon iceberg. I have been waiting for a gnome video for a long time.
Sorry but I *REALLY* have to point this out but... that's whole 10 minutes and the video hasn't even started yet?
SHUT UP AND GET TO THE POINT HOLY CRAP 10 minutes flapping gums about nothing and then an add drop 👎
Not only are werewolves and vamps so over done they arent scary anymore, theyre almost more offten "sexy" now , rather than scary at all lol.
I’m certain there are places here in AUS where the thylacine still lurks, theres a lot of wilderness here
video starts at 10:30
Maybe the wolfman was just an old timey furry going for an hike
took him 10 mins to start damn
The PNW being considered friendly makes me laugh considering how many serial killers have historically made it their home! Also Willow Creek, CA is “the Bigfoot capital of the world” & has foot casts / a museum! It was fun! There’s a log book with ppl’s experiences!
Skunk ape is scarier than bigfoot because it's bigfoot + Florida.
Video doesn’t start until 10:30
I HATE IT DO SOMETHING ELSE
Another Wendigoon iceberg video!?! ITS A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE    Side note: up until about 2-3 years ago I thought jackalopes were real
jesus christ this intro is so long 🥱😩
Iceberg boy finally delivers!
Bro, the colored hexagons are making my brain go yes.
10 minutes of yap
Skip to 10:30
Bruh I am 18, how did I not know that jackrabbits aren’t real  *I am sad now* 🥲
Wow, 10 mins just to get into the video. Wendigoon has a terrible concept of time when it comes to the intro and outro. The videos could be so trimmed down.
I love AG1 but it absolutely tastes disgusting. It's a great product but it's absolutely awful if you're not washing it down with a second drink.
I own the jackalope hunting license!! But unlike everyone else... I caught a real one too. Ha!
Video starts at 10:30  You're welcome
Lake Loch Ness huh? Loch means lake though, I understand it's easy to slip
You might not be afraid of animals in the Pacific Northwest, but if you're alone in the woods for long enough, the trees start to feel alive and menacing. The rocks and fallen logs do not want you amongst the pines.
I remember that first news story covering the chupacobra (or whatever). I was terrified that I would end up down south for some reason and get got by one
as someone with close familial ties to mothman it always surprises me just how many people know him lol
"Thyla-seen" bro... dont want you catching hell from the mates down under
Don't forget the connection between mothman and missing 411
10:30 holy sh*t, why did it take this long to start the video?!?😂
that’s crazy i don’t even care about the video anymore 10 minutes of straight yapping about nothing is wild
holy preamble batman also also also over here
Fun fact(s): thylesine is highly likely to return (after the mammoth ofc but also along with the dodo maybe) and nessie is already confirmed fake by the guy who took the pic himself
Holy
since when is the wolpertinger or horned rabbit an american folk tale, wtf. like wikipedia says it was european fake science that came up with it. thats before the rennaissance.
Of all cryptids, I wish the Jackelope was real lol. I want to keep one as a pet.
josh gates mentioned!! i love that guy he's so funky
Fi-la-seen
brother i love you but this intro was 10 minutes long
Damn man, you're up to 3m now?? I haven't checked in on a video in a bit but damn. That happened fast af boy.
I'm sure its been asked in the 11,00 comments...but can I get $3.50?
Iceberg boy back at it again
Can you not start the video off with a 10 minute yap session next video?
I really like your Channel I've been watching for a long time but this episode was kind of Hit or Miss for me. 10 minutes in and we still aren't talking about the iceberg
bro yapped for 10 minutes
10:25
I’m so happy you mentioned Wyoming the jackolope is everywhere here when you start looking 😭
Chupacabra is C tier?  wtffff
Where's my giant video
no one: Wendigoon: the _______ is an interesting one
Yes!
My Dad actually grew up in Wexford County, and he and my uncle used to try to scare us by telling us the Dogman might come visit in the middle of the night. I had no idea how the story actually originated!
My favorite thing that has ever happened in any sponsored segment was on Some More News, Cody is explaining how Nord VPN works, and why you need a VPN, and to demonstrate he just downs a glass of AG1 for no reason, like "See, now I can watch region locked content" green liquid dripping off his face,  and he continues the Nord segment without acknowledging it.
It would be amazing if you would actually get to this iceberg man! You won’t shut up about random stuff for 10 minutes
I’m already out in the first tier? I’ve never heard of champy, despite being from the north eastern US. Looking forward to the rest of the iceberg.
The tier list starts at 10:29
Forget moth man. It's all about waspman.
Amazing
Bruh, thank you for making. You're an information rockstar. 🤘
What I've learned from this video is that the Mothman has a hell of a PR tream.
Love wendigoon but bro your intros are unbearable I had to skip until 11 minutes to actually get into the iceberg 😭
10:30
Growing up I always heard that the chupacabra was a half woman half coyote kind of creature and that if it heard any little movement, even breathing, it would come and find you 🙃 nightmare fuel.
31:10 if you think thats scary my local urban legend is about a little girl with a sheeps head (and that head belonged to her beloved pet sheep which was killed by a fox) I was terrified of bella sheepheed when I was a kid and my dad used to take us camping by this little stone hut in the woods where she supposedly lived there were usually lit candles when we showed up and it scared me half to death
20:00
9 min into I love you man glad I stuck around
Just got a bunch of ideas for monster high ocs
he said christmas came early and i rushed to the desc in case new merch dropped 😭😭😭
10 minutes lmao holy shill
I’m just I tiny mad my favorite is only b tier since I was obsessed with the Yeti after the Disney attraction I remember queuing for hours to ride at least 6 times and spend a lot more reading about him. But that’s me. I love you and your content following since day 1 and want to support you. Thank you a lot for this series it means a lot to the little weird girl everybody made fun of in school after her project about the yeti.  Big hug from DR 🇩🇴❤
As a non-USA person, I will never understand why you people like the mothman so much... It is such a dumb dumb DUMB cryptid
9 minutes 52 seconds till video actually starts.
I wrote a paper on the chupacabra in 9th grade 😂. Got an A though.
“a man with a dogs head” mr peanut butter!
Cant wait for ManBearPig to get ranked
DO MORE! YES.
I love your channel! My favorite time is at night I'll just put it on to go to sleep. Thank you so much for what you do!
Your serial killer iceberg is what brought me to your channel and I’m SO excited!!!! Cryptids are one of my favorite things ever and I know this is gonna be so good and I can’t wait to watch these
I think the fact that the sea serpent might actually be real and there have been very verifiable semi modern day accounts of it yet we still haven't actually found it should put it at S tier. That's a solid cryptid
10 Minutes Intro Stuff & Sponsor is a bit much^^ That's a third of the video.
It would be cool if Nessie stays at the loch as some sort of journey they make as a species but they mostly live in the deep ocean thus making them extremely hard to track. Avoid humans mostly.
“Lake Loch Ness” Is crazy, it’s not a lane it’s a loch. You just said “the Los Angeles angels”
1/3rd of this video isn’t even the iceberg
You probably aren’t gonna read this, but with regards to jackalopes, check out the shope papilloma virus. That’s likely where the legend of the jackalope really started, but it wasn’t named until that taxidermist named them. 💖
Shout out haunted cosmos!
Bigfoot is big in western Canada too. Shame you excluded that tbh.
my wife used to live in Arizona and hit what he swears was a jackalope. he saw quite clearly that what he hit was a hare with antler-like protrusions coming out of its head. he drove around 3 times in a row to confirm what he’d seen. the 4th time he drove around, it had disappeared without a trace…
Umm I'd like to point out that Loch Ness means Lake Ness so when you said Lake Loch Ness you really said Lake Lake Ness. have you used and ATM Machine lately?
it took 10 minutes before you actually started the video… that’s insane
Tasmania and Australia?
As a Local New Jersian that lives at least 25-30 minutes away from the Pine Barrens, the Jersey Devil is one of the scariest parts of the Jersey Lore(Trademark). But also it scares me more that I live near the Pine Barrens.
bro, it takes 10 minutes for you to start the video
The Dogman is just modern Minotaur
I live in New Jersey, so when I heard about the Jersey Devil as kid through some cryptid show that tried to make things sound as terrifying as humanly possible, I was scared to death. I was literally afraid to look out windows because the show showed a cinematic recreation of it from outside the window of a cabin. My fear of said Devil disappeared soon after I found out it was the mascot of a hockey team.
The Iceberg starts at 10:27
Wait, the jackalope isn’t real? I grew up thinking the word jackalope was just another word for antelope. I’d didn’t realize it was actually a fictional bunny! That’s actually so cute and it looks so lovable, I love it.
Something about a vampiric animal as opposed to a vampiric humanoid makes the chupacabra that much scarier. It might be the cryptid that terrifies me the most (that I knew of before watching this iceberg series) despite not living near anywhere near its region.
day two of asking wendigoon to restock his hawaiian shirt, I missed the first drop :(
Video starts at 9:51
All I'm going to say is if mothman and the Enfield horror are not on s tier, I'm never watching again
video starts at 10:30
longest intro and sponsor segment ever
You lost me at chupacabra being C tier. 😢 It’s S tier in my heart
Calling it right now that giants are gonna rank S on wendigoons tierlist
My school had this amazing book about cryptids. It was small like 20-30 pages. It was like 1st grade but I loved it and just liked looking at the pictures
WooHooo! Yeha!❤
Please do a vacuum cleaner ice Berg please
10 mins to get into the video fucking get on with it
i will forever watch wendigoon sponsers bc he deserves it
I believe in you wendigoon!! just make sure u don’t overwork yourself ☺️
I'm puertorican and I honestly believe that the chupacabra was a dog with mange.
Video starts at 10:30
I love your vids but DAMN! The first 10 min of Yappanese is crazy lol
LET'S GOOOOO WENDINGOON YOU MADMAN!!!
I love you wendigoon i've been so bored thanks!!! you help me sleep at night!
the thing about jackalope sightings is, theyre not really wrong?? what people likely saw were wild rabbits infected with shope papilloma virus, a virus that causes large horn-like keratinized cancer masses to erupt from the head and face. seriously, look at pictures of infected rabbits (warning: pretty gnarly) and tell me you wouldn't see that from across a field and think it was some kind of supernatural hell creature
WOOOOO ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
Video starts at 10:31 like goddamn I know you need to do an intro and sponsorship bits to keep the channel alive but 10+ minutes of non-content in a 35 minute video is seriously bad. At least put sections in your video so people can skip to the good stuff and _not_ have to give feedback like this
Funny thing about the dogman: In medieval times, people genuinely believed that people with dog heads were a thing. They were called cynocephali and showed up in a lot of bestiaries and old artwork. They weren't monsters, either: They were literally just humans, wearing clothes and having jobs and stuff, except they had canine heads. Also I think one of them was a Catholic saint, or something like that. Wild stuff.
YES!!!
this video is a bit misleading  this is a tier list video, not iceberg
Video starts 10:23
the biggest cultural impact for me surrounding cryptids is still the Poptropica world. rip my fav
We love you iceberg boy!
Wendigoon doing a school project on a Chupacabre is the most Wendigoon thing ever and I'm here for it.
I've lived in Michigan my entire 23 year life and have quite literally never heard anyone share a story about the Dogman. Everything I've seen or read about has been strictly online only.
Yoo.. Has anyone done an iceberg video on iceberg videos?
thy-la-seen
26:00 spoilers dude
I’ve grown conflicted on Mothman. To me it’s fit much more into high strangeness and ufology than cryptozoology in my most recent years of study. John Keel’s books are pushing me in that direction far more than something flesh and blood. Either way, S Tier content and our world is endless in mystery.
you should of covered all the bases, could of done a smash or pass cryptid edition whilst making tier list
Vermonter here - never in my life have I heard Champ called “Champie” lol. Also Champ fuckin rules D tier is a clear misunderstanding of his glory, I expect an apology and an immediate move to double-S tier
Ayo why Dan Akroyd in the bottom tier? Why they do my man dirty like that?
L commentary and video. Lowkey made this topic uninteresting in my opinion.
Bro was yaping for 10 mins straight before getting into the actual video
As someone who lived in Michigan all their life, I remember being VISCERALLY (and I mean it) terrified of the Dogman when I was a child. In my town (since we lived by a huge forest) the idea was that you NEVER looked out into the deep of the woods at night, because if you saw the Dogman’s eyes, it was too late for you. Etc etc unspeakable horrors. Looking back it just feels like a cliche parents “don’t go into the wood” lecture thing, but man, when I was like seven that shit terrified me. I mean, I remember crying my eyes out on our haunted hayride in fifth grade when there was a man dressed as the Dogman. Edit: grammar lol
I love mothman! I was mothman for Halloween. Cryptids have been a hyperfixation for me since I was a small child, I cannot express how hyped I am for this.
took ten minutes to start talking about crypto kids, stop adding so much fluff
I used to watch those old Travel/Discovery Channel docs on cryptids and for the longest time I wanted to get into cryptozology. But I am, in fact, a weeney hut Jr and couldn't possibly do that!
missed opportunity to to talk about the dangerous and terrifying animal native to Australia, the drop bear,  that eats tourist if they don't smear vegemite behind their ears.
29:19 I don't know why, but even after years of Resident-Evil-mutants, and recent stuff like Greylock or Vita Carnis, this image is absolutely terrifying. The uncannyness because of the horse skull maybe
10 minutes of yapping is wild
dude come on, the actual video starts 10 minutes in.
Was the 10 and a half minutes of rigmarole really needed?
Wendigoon just out of curiosity have you covered cave goats at all? It’s worth researching and they looked pretty creepy, it’s a cool read
mothman F tier
Why is ur intro 10 mins long
just jumped for joy in the middle of Walmart
the Jackalope is the American Drop Bear, but it actually works unlike champie or a bigfoot clone.
Kraken deserves S tier
i now have tons of stories to scare my younger siblings with, thanks
FATHER WENDIGOON HAS BLESSED US ONCE MORE
More than 10 minutes in and it still hasn't started? Really?
1/3 of the video is the intro 💀
Idk why but when you started naming real people in the N/A tier I started cracking up
Timestamps plz...yammering for 10 minutes before getting to the content. Goddamn,
The Jersey devil in poptropica terrified me
Forest Galante has a theory that the chupacabra is actually a pair of thylacine the escaped when a train(?) heading for Texas derailed (or something like that). I love the theory.
So would goblins or nixies be cryptids?
The Patterson Gimlin film makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up.  Something about the creature in the video makes me frightened
Holy shit bro, I love your videos but a 10 minute intro to a 35 minute video is insane. 1/3 of the video.
Everyone knows mothman is the goat.
bro, mothman is the opposite of s-tier lol
12:20 I love Lake Lake Ness
Lake Loch Ness? Lmao loch means lake
Thanks Iceberg Boy
The thing with Tassie Tigers is that people swear that they’ve seen one. It’s persistent and relatively frequent. I’m hoping to see Drop Bears in the list somewhere. And, if I don’t, why??? ❤
Actual video starts at 10:30
I absolutely love the fact that the Jersey Devil was popular enough among the public to be the inspiration for the name of the New Jersey NHL team
10.5 minute intro
time Stamps pleeeeease
story to make ox sleepy
WAKE UP! Wendigoon is dropping icebergs again! (@Wendi : the streets are waiting for a Tragedy iceberg)
video begins 10:30
Go to 10:30 to skip all the advertising.
I can’t believe I just discovered that Jackalopes aren’t real.
10 minutes of yapping before he even gets to the point
Bro it really took this guy 10 minutes to start the video holy
6 minutes of yapping to start the video cut it down
My boy on every topic when I get around to them. I love the work he puts out
I throw this in cause I’m sure this video will get a lot of residual views. It actually starts at 9:53
Wild to hear my state namedropped within like a minute of a Wendigoon video
Quick nitpick, but Thylacine is pronounced with a soft C, so "Thyla-seen" and they were never in New Zealand, only Tasmania and Mainland Australia. NZ actuality never had any native land mammals, aside from bats, because it split off from the Gondwana Land supercontinent before mammals evolved. So they just got birds and some reptiles as the dominant vertebrates there. That's why you get birds like the kiwi, that fill the niche of something like a shrew.
Skip to 10:28 to get to the actual ice berg
I'd still like to see him to an in-depth video on the Wendigo. I don't know a lot about the creature but the little I have heard sounds incredibly interesting & I very much enjoy the overall look of the cryptid.
Don’t worry, guys. The video starts at 10:30
Correction on the dog man - this has actually existed since medieval times. Missionaries put out whole ass drawings and reports believing there were man eating dog headed people living in Africa.
I’m really hoping this series will include The Dark Watchers of California!!!! I love them!
someone needs to show wendigoon fishinggarretts videos where he just solos everything in the everglades barefoot
Thank you
"Loch" means lake in scots, so saying "Lake Loch Ness" is like saying ATM Machine
Me: nervously watching the intro hoping someone explains what a cryptid is before this video gets going. I really like wendigoon but idk what I’m clicking on 😂 fingers crossed i find out what this is soon..
this is my avengers endgame
Something I find strange, is that as a Michigander, nobody I know ever talks about the dogman, I've been interested in it for years and I've seen it myself, but no one else talks about it
Bruve yapped for 10 minutes before it started :/
Holy cows, took you 10:26 minutes to start
Hell Yeah I love your videos Wendigoon!!!
Took over 10 minutes to get to the topic, Jesus Christ Goon wtf
Luh calm 9:53 second yap sesh
10:26 here’s when the iceberg begins for anyone who doesn’t appreciate how detailed his intros are (sorry)
You did Nessie wrong and you know it Wendigoon! She deserved better! 😠😭
Its crazy, how unique the mood of Wendigoon is. No other creator gives me the same vibe. Thanks for all the great content!! Love from Greece 🇬🇷
My mom had a friend down in Texas who owned a museum and we would stay at the upstairs of the museum sometimes and he had a chupacabra taxidermy right below the stairs which haunted my nights
I hope the Gongoozler and the Heehoo are in it...
my mom said she thinks she saw yeti aa a kid, she says she was on a ski lift with my uncle. and she saw something walking that looked like a tall snowy man. she thought it was a bear but she said it moved too fast for a bear.
I'm not even scottish but "lake loch ness" is hilarious lmao
drop the skincare routine
i was super into cryptids in middle school and my favorite was the ningen 😭 i can't wait for that one to show up in one of the later tiers
Thylacine is pronounced thylaseen
putting ur cool n fucked up icebergs in my silly lil treat drink as i watch this ♡ i love your videos n silliness ive been watchin ur channel ever since ur animal planet(?) video ♡ ♡
In Bavaria we have something similar to the jakalope, it is called a Wolperthinger
The video actually starts at 10:30
we never got the full brian david gilbert castlevania monsters compendium, but im so glad we got the next best thing
If we're not putting Mothman at S tier what are we doing here were exactly my thoughts going into this.
The video actually starts at 10:36, before that he covers new podcasts, an ad, and how he is ranking cryptids on how cool they are on the tier list
shut up and get to it already. dont ever do this again
Creator: I showed you my kryptids please respond 😢
Starts at 10:30
In lake tahoe there's a cryptid (more like just a fun myth) of the loch ness monsters cousin tahoe tessie
I am waiting to hear you mispronouncing some of the cryptids from my ancestors language of irish
LMAO skunk ape got knocked to be here because he can survive in Florida, it's tough down here 😂😂😂
DUDE, THE WEEKS!!!! I have loved those guys since I was in high school, this is the first time I’ve seen someone wearing their merch!!! Those guys are so underrated!!
goon tier list next
OH FUCK YEAH
My head cannon is that the nature loving spirit of uncle Ted was reincarnated into the first real Bigfoot
I discovered you through the unsubscribe podcast and had to check out your content. Great content i hope more listeners from unsub cum subscribe as well
Is the Jackalope the exported regional Version of the Bavarian Wolpertinger?
Thanks for ranking me so high ❤
Thylacines are so damn cool
For an institution in Maine to forget about their own scariest cryptid is funny to me. Look up Lorne Armstrong guys.
The Jackalope could also stem from the Shope Papilloma virus that grows calcium warts around the rabbits mouth and head. Worth looking it up if you haven't seen it.
10 minutes 20 seconds if you want to get into the cryptids quicker.
I was ready to stop watching if you didn’t put mothman at S tier.
holy shit dude. not an avid viewer but i was subbed and that 10:30 minute intro is not it brother. unsubbed just for that. i can do a 1 min ad read but you’re pushing it big bro.
Sometime after the rise of Christianity in Europe there are actually serval record from priest and other men who spoke of Dogmen. Supposedly the Dogmen always just lived a bit too far for the humans to ride and see them, but it was a serious dilemma within the church as to whether these dog men could reach salvation, or if the men should just try and kill them.
Video starts at 10 mins Before that he just keeps saying “but before we start” 😭😂
Maine mentioned, RAAAAAAAAAAH
Hey man there’s an echo in your Audi
10:30 of trash. The actual video starts after that
10 minutes and 30 seconds before the actual video starts. Trash content. Disliked. Don't waste my time. IDGAF about your personal life or anything else you dribbled on about
Mfers will believe in Bigfoot and mothman but think 9/11 and covid happened organically 💀
Video actually FINALLY begins at 10:30 mins in...
Happy you’re on Spotify now🎉
Love the videos but dang.......35 minute video didnt even start until 10 and a half minutes in my guy
Bro brought back the classic wendigoon background music
It takes 10 minutes for the video to actually start
Now I'm wondering if we're going to get the flathead lake monster
yaaayy i could watch wendigoon talk about anything honestly but we get so little cryptid content this feels like a warm hug :,>
American Bigfoot centrism L  My understanding is that yeti are kind of like oni, tolls, or ogres, in the role they fill in their culture which is massively more sociologically interesting than I come from place that say it has big monkey this just place with big snow monkey, must be rip off.
Krakussy S tier
25:50 So a coyote with mange or alopecia? T.T
Imma say it: Mothman is incredibly overrated. Where did he come from? What's his lore? He's just a bidepal moth creature. There's nothing special about him, certainly nothing to rave about
Over 10 minutes in and still introducing.  Oh And an advertisement.
Video starts at 10:28
Video starts at 10:”0
You said my wife without using the borat voice, how young are you?
10:30 before the tier list actually starts
legendary
This is like scp right? People don’t genially believe in these things? I really hope the general population isn’t that delusional.
thylacine is still a cryptid?? people report seeing it though science says they're all gone.
here from aliciaxdeath
20:04 😭😭 THE WHAT, ITS "THY-LA-SEEN" not whatever a "thy-la-kine" is
I adore you and every piece of content you make but 10 minutes before you started the video is wild :(
What always bugs me about cryptids like Bigfoot & Nessie is that stories about them date back 100 years ago…so wouldn’t they be dead by now?? Lol
Mothman is a tier, if Bigfoot is a tier. Mothman is a muddled confused "cryptid", while Bigfoot is grounded and well defined.
When’s the iceberg iceberg
The video starts at 11:00
worth mentioning that the description of the dog man matches the depiction of saint christopher in some traditions. a man with a dog's head.
content starts after 10 minutes
It’s giving that one series in the depths of my dvr like mountain monsters or something like that
Yo why is mothman so cheeked up?
As an Australian, I do have to say that its a Thyla-seen not a Thyla-sign. Rest of the video is cash tho <3
Dislike the video cus you took so fucking long to start
Loren Coleman got emasculated by calling him Lauren
holy yap i’m 10 min in and he hasn’t started yet
is gef the talking mongoose here?
Hey Wendi you'll be glad to know your video comes up second suggestion when you input cryptid
we love our iceberg boy
Video starts at 10:31
As a Vermont native I love Champ (we don’t really add the e sound) and can understand the low ranking-there aren’t any terrifying stories of him destroying ships, he’s just kind of a dude. A loving dude mind you but the most dangerous thing on lake Champlain are the elements. We’ve got 300 (known) shipwrecks for a relatively small lake.
Love the video but the Tasmanian tiger is not native to NZ.
10 minutes just to actually get into the video,
Slow wet fart. Wood bench, in a tunnel.
Classic Wendigoon, he hasn't even said the first cryptid on the list but he's already thanked us five times for watching 🖤
I’m only half way through the video but as a proud Hoosier I hope he mentions the Beast of Busco a giant snapping turtle said to be the size of a car spotted in Lake Fulk in Churubusco, Indiana
I'm always excited to hear people talk about Champy! She's more of a local mascot than a cryptid, and I love her dearly <3
Vid starts at 10:30
I'm from Douglas Wyoming. Prolly named after the jackalope dude. We have a big jackalope in the middle of town
Waiting on that Wendigoon and Dantavius collab
Love this looking forward to the rest ❤
Great tier list. The jersey devil is S tier tho
I might be late, but I didn't know you were married. 😁😁
Excited for the new edition of "Giants"
Anyone else been subscribed since Wendigoon's conspiracy theory iceberg started? I found it from Ifunny.
MICHIGAN MENTIONED!!!!!!! I knew someone who claimed heard the cry of a dogman/dogman pack; they said it sounded nothing like any dog or coyote they've heard
Video starts at 10:25
bro the iceberg has melted by the time we get to it
10 min intro 🙄🙄
my dad always told me the dogman would get me when i was littler and would go outside at night and howl near my window and it scared me to death. terrifying creature
Damn ur intros are kinda long just get in the idea faster
Yay another iceberg from iceberg boi
Imma be real, even tho i'm mexican, I never knew or saw how a goddamn chupacabra looked like so It was just that thing that religous parents told yo their kids yo scare them
I wonder if & when the Beast of Bray Road might show up 👀 or maybe the Beast of Gévaudan…I was obsessed with werewolves specifically as a kid 😅
You're so much more than the "Iceberg Guy", and I pray you do not get stuck there.  I'm excited for this series, but your video on the Unibomber was excellent; incredibly well researched with heartfelt commentary.
I have a mounted jackelope!
bio student here to deliver my 2 cents on the thylacine and the coelacanth --  thylacine: it's really sad WHY they went extinct - they used to be quite numerous but farmers believed they were what was killing their livestock. thus, they set out to hunt them near extinction HOWEVER it being a marsupial meant it occupied a very specific niche and would be constrained to preying on smaller animals and other marsupials. once word got out, only one thylacine was alive in a zoo. 2 months after being declared protected, it died of negligence because the zookeeper forgot to bring it inside for the night.   coelacanth: coelacanths are meant to be one of if mot THE earliest ancestor to all tetrapods, since its lobe fins had bony structures synonymous to our arm/leg structures (humerus and on/femur and on). they were originally thought to be extinct since the youngest fossil was around 66 ma. in the 1930s, curator Marjorie Courtenay-Latimer found the fish in a wastepile and was determined for it to be looked at but was turned away several times until JLB Smith (another curator, specialty in fishes) from South Africa saw the coelacanth for what it was. funnier is this story from the 1990s - biologist named Mark Erdmann (whose entire career centres on cataloging Indonesian marine life) was on honeymoon in Indonesia and had found coelacanths *also* in refuse piles in these fish markets. he hypothesised another population of coelacanths existing in Raja Ampat in 2018, and lo-and-behold there *sure was.*  anyways, they were found in refuse bins because they don't taste that good 🤷🏽
Sasquatch adjacent creatures is my new favorite category of animal.
i genuinely thought jackalopes were real until I was like 16
how do you lose a DM bro
he starts at 10:29
Can you do kent hovind video
I'd love to hear your thoughts on it if you've read Max Brooks' (Author of WWZ) newer book, Devolution, on a small eco-town's encounter with a group of bigfoot creatures after an eruption at Mt. Rainier. I personally really liked the way he used different stories about bigfoot like related sounds, smells, sightings, and Roosevelt's story on them in the book.
why does this come up when you search jerma
link to the iceberg?
I love a lot of your videos but having a 10-minute intro is never it.
Puerto Rican chupacabra is A tier
Jersey Devil should have been S tier. He has a pro hockey team named for him!
As a resident of Vermont, I’m glad to see Champ making the list! Fun fact, the Minor League Baseball team in Burlington is called the Lake Monsters, named after Champ
Excited to see where you’ll put skinwalkers on your tier list. I just hope you don’t use a photo of a Ye’ii as most people covering skinwalkers do. It’s disrespectful because what people are touting as a skinwalker is actually just one of our (Diné) deities.
The intro was a ridiculous yap sesh, just skip 10 minutes in OML
Video starts at 10:25
Video starts at 10:30 crazy
As a resident near Portland Oregon, glad to hear this list came from the superior Portland
The 2nd chupacabra picture looks like scp-939
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I love how we went from the insanity of the magic spoon sponsors to the calmness of AG1 The duality of man
10 whole minutes of just intro and ads.................
I used to think the jackelope was real because my grandpa had one of those taxidermy rabbits alongside his real legit taxidermy African creatures like warthogs and zebras
do you have a source folder or link or something so we can look at the stuff you use for research? I love your videos  and would love to see what kinds of places you look to for cryptid research specifically
Almost 10 minutes in and no Cryptids.
PUT SOME RESPECT ON MY DOGMAN’S NAME!!  When I was a kid, I stayed at my uncle’s house in the woods of northern Michigan. When he played that song for me then immediately told me to go outside and grab some firewood, I was shaking in my boots!
Bro, I'm a fan but 10 minutes until you actually start talking about the title topic is crazy
Both the jersy devil and the dog man do not belong in tier 1. Outside of the usa, most dont know those. Heck, even mothman ans chupacabra are eh, on this tier. They only are there because a.erica is so popular.
Weird how the majority of the most well known cryptids are american.  Weeeeiiiirrrd.....
I live in Maine and have never heard of the museum in Portland, gonna have to check it out
To me, bigfoot is the forest yeti. Not the other way round.
To me, mothman is the overrated one. Not Nessi.
Why would you say it's understandable to curse your own child?
kraken at b tier???????
i thought the jackalope was just a real animal for way too long
I've loved cryptids for forty odd years so I knew about nearly all these but I have to thank Fallout 76 for introducing me to the Grafton and Flatwoods monsters, the game is stuffed with cryptids. I've always been in love with Appalachia too, if I didn't love Scotland so much I'd definitely move there, stunning place and amazing people.
Thigh-lah -scene  ahhhhh
10 minutes to start the video. goddamn
Me and my grandmother encountered a chupacabra once on the road, it was so surreal and we were quiet for at least three minutes after passing it. Saw the statue of it in San Antonio zoo, VERY accurate. Red eyes and spikey, we had spotted in West Texas specifically. This happened years back, like prior to jr high years (25 now) but I'll never forget.
Please make more my friend, I’ve loved every one of ur videos and ur the nicest person on here I’m sure all ur other subs agree, best wishes from the Uk 🇬🇧 and once again please do the entire iceberg the way u explain things is really captivating
Can you a video summarizing the book of enoch?
Merry Crypt-mas.
this is such a sick video, i could listen for hours. I know this is nit picky, but as an aussie its said thy-la-seen, the c makes a soft sound! Thank you iceberg man!
I believe the thylacine may be on this list due to the fact that many Tasmanians still believe it persists in the island states dense forests/ wilderness. My grandfather is quite certain he saw one deep in the bush land on his farm in the north of the state decades after it was declared extinct. I agree that it does not fit the definition of a cryptic however.
Comment tribute
One thing I would like to mention about the Chupacabra is that before it was a thing, the U.S. Army was doing experiments in the island of Vieques. I lived in Puerto Rico and remember the buzz around the bombings and experiments. I have uncles that worked for the U.S Army around that time and they would tell me that there was animal testing but they don’t know what the extent of it was. Both of my uncles have cancer now - Agent Orange.
Good to see you again mate. I hope married life is treating you well. Only just found out yesterday that Brandon Hererra and yourself are mates. Which for me, as I love both your channels, is mint!😁
Wouldn't you like to know iceberg boy?
Mothman he is S trier glad to see goony agrees.
when the f does the video start? fucking 10 minute intro
W vid
Jesus christ, took you 1/3 of the video to get to the first one
dude ... 10 minutes of introduction !
12:42 isn't that a whale's penis?
Holy shit can you get to the point of the video already? Video starts at 10:25
The coelacanth was found near my small city in South africa, my biggest flex in life lol
10:31 np
plz make more icebergs love these
Video starts at 10:30
10:30 to skip over chit chat/ads
Bro didn't start the video till ten minutes in
bro i’m begging you, i’m 10 minutes in and you haven’t started the actual topic yet
Video starts at 10:30
Moth people
Finally he did it!!!!😂
I gotta know, are girls a real thing or just another cryptic my bros keep telling me about?
Regarding Chupacabra, I would like to add that while the name itself was coined by a radio talk show host in the 90's as a joke, the phenomenon actually goes back to the 70's. In a small town out west called Moca there were reported incidents of livestock killed and drained of blood, so much so that it was dubbed  "El Vampiro de Moca" (the vampire of Moca) in the local newspaper.  Furthermore, when the chupacabra popped up again in the 90s, this time in the eastern town of Canóvanas, the actual mayor of the town formed an armed posse and led several expeditions into the rainforest in search of the beast. Just a bit of Puerto Rico lore for you all.
I feel bad saying it, but it would be really funny if when he was older, wendigoon would go insane so he could the crazy old guy at the retirement home rambling about how he saw a skinwalker right out the window
Video starts at 10:15
Excellent video! 100% agree that Mothman is S tier! Also, just so you know, Thylacine is pronounced Thyla-seen, at least from everything I've ever heard about it. I would love a link to the iceberg itself though lol.
Iceberg starts at 10:28
Flat woods Monster S tier PLS
Did this mfer jus say thila-KIN. /j Its thila-seen btw.
Homie really just yapped for 10  minutes before starting the video 🤣
The Yeti is even creepier when you factor in testimonies of people that nearly freeze to death. They claim that as they’re about to die, they hallucinate the Yeti
"If you kill bigfoot, i swear to god i will not have mercy on you" Amazing.
Skip to 9:50
Never have I ever seen a ten and half minute intro before
What's the background song used behind your video? It's so good
Yaaay! Finally getting a chance to watch Iceberg Boys new iceberg video! 😁
...what do you mean, a theme park ride that opened in 2006 popularized the yeti in American culture?  My dad was obsessed with cryptid stuff as a kid in the 70s, and yeti stuff was all over the place in equal measure to Bigfoot.
BOOOOOOOOO wendigoon is a corvette fan 👎  Jk jk jk lol love your content buddy 🧡
holy shit iceberg doesn't start till 10:30....
Sooo, is god a cryptid?
mothman overrated a little tbh. A tier at best
I want to say if no one hasn't I think the Tasmanian tiger was on there as a nod to the supposed sightings of them even though they are extinct now.
To me, Bigfoot is one of if not the lamest cryptid
It's pronounced thyla seen
Love your vids daddy-o, we gotta get together and have some lunch and makeout
I LOVE CRYPTIDS SO MUCH THANK YOU WENDIGOON ASSHDJDGSHSJDNDHFNJFJFHDHSNDBDBDBNSN
aw shit... here we go again
Isn't the Thylicine on the ice beg because people claim to have seen it alive recently
I looked over the iceberg and it's missing my local cryptid "The Crane hill Wolf-fox"
I haven't even watched the video yet, but already know I'm going to want to write a story about several of these or run an RPG with them.
Longest youtube intros iceberg next please
Murican? yeah super cool! S tier! (shows the same animal but is not american) Meh kinda boring D tier. The least buyist tier list XD
Mothman is just an owl literally just a barn owl
the best thing society did with nessie was make a scooby doo movie around her
Everything you said about the Tassie Tiger was true, but there is a little more to its "cryptid status." Much like the jackalope, it's a bit of a local legend but also an inside joke. It's sort of like everyone pretends to believe that it's not extinct, and shares stories that they don't really believe in themselves, but it's all for a bit of fun.  The thylacine was also well known for walking awkwardly, and having a bit of a hopping run, similar-ish to a kangaroo. When I was younger, my dad and I saw a pair of glowing eyes behind some trees at night, and as they moved, they went up and down. We couldn't see the creature's body, and realistically, it was just a kangaroo, but we liked to say that we had "absolute proof" that the thylacine was still alive.  So it's really just a joke, and a bit of fun to scare tourists, but I still hold out hope that the Tassie Tiger is still out there. The wiki page on the thylacine has a section on sightings I'd recommend checking out. Hope dropbears get mentioned :)
Video starts at 10:25
What in the taking 10 minutes to even get started shit is this video
We stan Moth-Man!
wooooooooooooooooooo long form video content
Bro has more preamble than a one piece dressrosa episode
youre an absolute daddy thank you for being alive
I think the reason the Thylacine would be on the Cryptic Iceberg is that it's supposedly been sighted in the wild since its "extinction," and by credible witnesses.  Though, like all of them, there's no good photographs or video of them, despite the ever present video cameras in pockets around the world.
I think the menacing and scary perception of the Skunk Ape, especially compared to Bigfoot, is that Florida is so inhospitable that it would need to be a crazy strong creature to survive. Imagine competing with gators, crocs, monkeys, pythons, venomous snakes, and whatever else is there. It's gotta be huge, strong, fast, or something.
I'm sorry, 10 minutes and 33 seconds to get to the first entry? Please don't do this
Your wife knows what's up
These are my favorite videos to do homework to, I can zone out of work and listen to fascinating information every once in a while!
man I love wendigoon but the way he talks about real biology sometimes makes me cringe a little lol, I feel like he'd benefit from having a "guy in the chair" who's a little bit more skeptical to kind of balance some of that out
Jesus ,10 mins later the video starts
VIDEO STARTS AT 10:29
been waiting
I was going to turn this video off immediately if Mothman wasn't S-tier. Appreciate you sir!
Mothman being S tier is such an America moment.
Bro was yappin for 10 mins before the video actually started 10:34
smash.
Jackalopes are interesting because they are *kind of* real. Some viruses will cause a jackrabbit to grow horns, though they don't look like antlers.
Fun fact about the Leed’s family of the Jersey Devil story is that they owned most of the land that made up south Jersey.  In Galloway Township many of the roads are named after the Leeds family ie: Leeds point/ Jimmie Leeds road.  There’s even a Jersey Devil exhibit at the visitors center at Historic Batsto.
PLS MAKE MORE CRYPTID CONTENT!!
I went to point pleasant with my family and got a moth man pizza once. I don't have much of a story past that but it was fun.
Dogman is just a ripoff of the cynocephaly
I LOVE THYLACINES NOT AS A CRYPTID BUT JUST IN GENERAL THEY ARE SO COOL. THANK TOU WILD KRATTS FOR SHOWING ME THEM
I'm guessing ManBearPig is gonna be in Part 2.
I love the Jackalope, I’m from Wyoming and we have a town near Jackson Hole and we have a museum that is dedicated to it. Super cool folk tale and if you ever want to keep the kids busy for a while tell them to go hunt some Jackalopes. Kinda Wyomings version of the Snipes.
To be honest while it's still worth talking about the Kraken, I think we can basically debunk it now. Either the kraken is the giant or colossal squid, or those squids debunk the kraken.  But I think those squids had to have caused most encounters with the kraken
On the Dogman.   The idea of humans with the heads of canines dates back to Europe in the Middle Ages where humans with dog heads were written about, and most actually believed they existed.   So yeah, myths of dog headed humans is far older then the 1980s
There are two of those Skunk Ape photos and they do not match the Ripley's display. The subject of the photos has a more orangutan-like look to it, while the Ripley's display looks more like a stereotypical Bigfoot and has much lighter colored fur.
10 minutes to start the video jeez dude. like cmon
There is a theory that chupacabras are thylacine something about a ship wreck in the Caribbean
Yeti being lower than Bigfoot cause it's not American is the most American take ever
wendigoon
Can you cover “When the wind blows” I feel like it’s totally up your alley.
10:25
“The Skunk Ape is scary because the Everglades is scary.”  Florida, man. Florida.
10 minute Intro 💀
It’s a shame most of you in here take this as a joke. I can promise at least some of this stuff is real. And “Dogman” is not just a dude with a dog head. It looks like a damn werewolf and it is terrifying. 0/10 I do not recommend you go looking for it, and it’s not just in Michigan either. It’s everywhere.
"lake loch ness" 😔 lake lake ness
***YIPPEE***
I been waiting for this one since the earliest days of the channel! Christmas came early I guess
I would put the chupacabras at least in A tier for its unique ability of rigging mexican elections.
Intro was almost a third of the video lol
💀 how long is this damn intro I'm gonna turn 104 by the time I'm done with this
Very exited for this list!
I'm gonna be really sad if the Michigan Dogman doesn't make it on any of this
15:30 Mothman and the black bird of Chernobyl have been theorized to be the same creature
Bro give us Clif notes intros. Video starts like 1/3 in
The video starts at 10:00, before, is just ADS. Incredible...
Mothman is real he's my boyfriend, and he's a kind, gentle, and generous lover
i always thought the jackalope was just a real animal that was scientifically documented idk why-
I think you should have diffrentiated the difference between the Michigan Dogman and the Beast of Bray Road. They're both essentially the same cryptoid but have different origins.
Largefoot is the best cryptocurrency
10 minutes of straight yapping
"if you go hiking through the Everglades, you'll die to something"  Unless you're fiishingarrett.
I’ve seen every single one of these cryptids in real life. I’ve even befriended some of them😃
When will you do the Crypto iceberg⁉️👀
My therapist told me i would benefit from a solo backpacking trip. I live in the midwest. Dogman is the reason i never took his advice.
5 minutes in and he’s still explaining what an iceberg is
13:17 Wait so your government name isn’t Wendigoon?
12:00 actually given that there wouldn't be ONE bigfoot, but rather a species with many individuals, these varying descriptions actually don't shake the plausibility for me. You could easily have been describing humans. "[Humans] kill anything that comes into their territory, [humans] are peaceful and take care of nature." The human drive to mythologize colors the description of it as some semi-mystical forest guardian, so I don't take that 100% literally. But if a giant ape killed someone on sight, that's consistent for apes and any large, strong, predatory animal when it feels threatened. If an individual just was chill, that happens in nature too.
10:29 video starts =)
Dogman=Anubis?
I LOVED this! Thanks for teaching us again!
The Iceberg Boy's at it again.
George Washington Reference?!??!! 22:56
Not a single mention of the Lochness monster needing tree fiddy
Excellent video! Taking a road trip to Maine with my new Cybertruck!
Sorry, not watching a video where you spend 10 minutes talking about nothing without getting into the content
Video starts at 10:22
Video starts at 10:28 to skip all the bullshit
iceberg boy begins his trials once again
Over 6 minutes into the video and the video hasn't started yet. Never FKN Mind!  This would have been my first time watching you and it is definitely the last. What an ungodly waste of fkn time.
This is fantastic, but when you put the chupacabra in C tier I audibly gasped in dismay
You should have separated out the Puerto Rican chupacabra and the North American chupacabra. They're different creatures according to most of us who research this stuff.
i remember as a kid i used to play poptropica and they had an island named cryptid island where you essentially hunt a bunch of cryptids around the world. the details are fuzzy, but the jersey devil mission was SO HORRIFYING TO 5TH GRADE ME. he flashed on the top of some roof during a lightning storm and i was so scared i had to shut my laptop off
just a heads up, the video finally starts at 10:30
10:30 is when the video starts, damn wendy, i love you but you gotta get to the point a bit quicker next time
I audibly gasped when I heard you say Nessy is 'kind of overrated' it broke my heart. Have you heard the time travel theory?
MAN WITH A MISSION is a Japanese band who literally performs with wolf/dog head costume. As far as I understand, they're not furries. Don't quote me on the last part.
ABOUT TIME I was seriously waiting for another great iceberg from my fave guy I am living for this
Didn’t nessi turn out to be a whale on its back ans the neck and head is the peen 😂
Dogman was underrated and mischaracterized in this video pretty bad IMO... I've heard hundreds of eyewitness encounters for these things and it's not necessarily a man's body, more like a man's torso, with longer arms and clawed hands that go down to the knees and canine legs with hocks. Essentially a werewolf that does not transform or shapeshift, rather a flesh and blood apex predator. Also I feel like the fixation on some random song some guy wrote to characterize the entirety of eyewitness encounters before and after it was written, is a little dishonest. Considering it's a Lycan type creature, werewolf legends go back way further than that guy's song; and considering Dogman is essentially a flesh and blood werewolf that doesn't transform, if it's existence is presumed to be true then it has likely just undergone a name change and recharacterization in lore from shapeshifter/half human, to flesh and blood wolf creature with humanoid traits. Dogman and werewolf sightings and lore are sure to be intertwined throughout history, if modern reports are to be considered seriously, then it's safe to assume that people were seeing the exact same creature centuries ago and just had a different mythos and lore surrounding the sightings at that time period.
10 minutes betore the video starts? Man wendigoon fell off
Okay but in my home town in rural Australia has a legend that we have thylacines there, I've seen weird animals in the night but I thinks it's either a really big cat or a weird dog
the video starts at 10:32
wendigoon are u a carguy ? Asking because of the corvette logo on the wall .
I have a buddy from Nepal and one time I asked him if he knew about the Yeti and he never heard of him 😂😂
I've been to the mothman statue too doing work in the town... before we got to the town there's an area with a bunch of giant nuclear power plants and it was all foggy and spooky as fuck lol
As a puertorican, chupacabra at C is offensive
He talks alot
Christ 10 mins of bs and ads, is the video ever gunna start🙄
"Hello people, I'm hiking in Everglades"  Famous last words.
Really, really and highly recommend a video about skunk ape by Lore Lodge, a channel friends with Wendi. I had a good laugh. The bat tower rules. And the titles of the stories about encounters with skunk ape sound like B action movies from the 80s. Great video.
American cryptods of this iceberg tier is kinda lame cause they looks like a bootleg of european one's. Jackalope is basically German Wolpentinger without thangs and wings, and dogman is literally one of the biblical race of humans - cynocephali, one of which is considered as Christian Saint - Saint Christopher. That's unfortunate that Wndigoon didn't mention this.
I love that Wendigoon's short video is 35 minutes. I love You man
Kinda weird it takes 10 minutes to actually start but great vid regardless!
I know this is totally out of the blue, but I feel like y'all would appreciate my theory on the Loch Ness Monster.  Nessie is most commonly depicted with a reptilian appearance, owing to its physical similarity to the extinct plesiosaur- its long neck, flippers, and the shape of its body and head all bearing a striking resemblance to the plesiosaurs. While the reported size of Nessie varies from report to report, it's usually described as somewhere from fifteen to twenty feet in length, also very similar to a plesiosaur. As far as I can tell, the largest Nessie has been described as was 50 feet in length. Now, that is longer than any known species of plesiosaur, but certain species of the Elasmosauridae family such as the Albertonectes and Aristonectes have been known to reach nearly 40 feet in length. Additionally, a different marine reptile, an ichthyosaur species known as Shonisaurus popularis, was somewhere between 44 and 49 feet long, and another ichthyosaur, S^. sikenniensis, was a whopping *69 feet* in length, meaning that it's definitely possible for marine reptiles to be 50 feet or more in length. So it is very possible that a 50-foot-long plesiosaur may have existed. Or even that another, different kind of marine reptile such as an ichthyosaur could have developed a similar long-necked profile in a case of convergent evolution. And yes, plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs definitely lived in the area that would become Great Britain. However, I don't believe that the Loch Ness monster is a marine reptile of any kind. Considering how infrequently it apparently surfaces, there's no way it could be anything that isn't capable of breathing underwater. In other words, it has to be either a fish or amphibian. More specifically, I believe it is most likely an amphibian. You may be asking, "an amphibian of such a large size?? Is that possible??" Possibly. Prionosuchus was a prehistoric amphibian with a strikingly crocodilian-like appearance, including its immense size- nearly twenty feet in length. Now, amphibians larger than Prionosuchus are not currently known to have existed, but I see no reason that they couldn't have. Prionosuchus was an archegosaur, which lived fully aquatic lifestyles despite being capable of breathing on land. While no species of archegosaur have been _known_ to inhabit the area that would become Great Britain, it's not an impossibility, seeing as numerous species of archegosaur can be found throughout other parts of Europe. I don't think it's an impossibility that some archegosaurs could have evolved from a crocodilian body plan into a plesiosaur-esque one, seeing how certain plesiosaurs(known as pliosaurs) themselves had a more crocodilian body plan, such as Kronosaurus. So yes, I think it's very possible that Nessie is, in fact, an amphibian.   ^S. sikenniensis is of debated classification, being either another species of Shonisaurus or a species of a closely related genus, Shastasaurus.
Jesus a 10 minute intro really like wtf. That’s just a little ridiculous man.
Would it be fair to classify some religious concepts as cryptids, like demons and angels? Edit: nvm apparently it HAS to be an animal, or some form of living physical thing, so ghosts, angels, demons etc don't count
W GTAT LUL W
Long intro and embarrassing segment on Thylacine. Hopefully, the next video is better.
Love your videos. Please stop playing the ambient music in the background. Thought I was going crazy until I realized it was from the video.
Iceberg Boy is back with another absolute banger 🥶🥶🥶
The dog man - it’s me, I got that dog in me
He quits yapping at 10:30
The cupacabra has me surprised how recent it’s been around
Wow,10 minutes of useless rambling
Dude...im 11 minutes into the video and you still havent started. Padding out the time for whaaat? Get on with it man
I find the idea of a dog man most terrifying for some reason.
Most mysterious cryptid: The time-travelling whiteboard
It's his video, but as a non-american, mothman and bigfoot are so cringe. They're american creatures, so he knows their cultural relevance, but to most of the world they're just silly pre-internet creepypastas.   Mothman is one of the most beloved cryptid ...by americans. Nessy beats it on that aspect by a lot. ( It's interesting to see through his eyes though, and I like him and his videos)
everytime I watch wendigoon it feels like time speeds up
CHUPACABRA for the WIN!
I always loved the Jackalope!  I so wanted to have one!!  <heavy sigh>
10:30
The video actually starts at 10:28
My boi did bigfoot so dirty
You're doing well iceberg boy
You spoke of my people! Thank you!
Skip to 1033 to begin video
Skip to 10:30 if you don’t wanna hear him ramble
Iceberg gooners unite
Chupacabra should have been A or S tier, the explanation as to why it was placed in C tier can apply to Big Foot as well 😢
I heard there's a gay dogman in North Carolina
Actual video starts at 9:50
Kraken should have been S tier 😢
Thank you iceberg boy for posting this again
10:25 the actual content begins
It's so good to see him come this far. I first discovered him through his Inferno video and watched his conspiracy ice bergs when I had covid. He didn't even have like 300k subs back then or something.
This better be the most intriguing video I’ve ever seen cuz I’m 10 minutes in and it still ain’t started yet.
The yeti is a barely documented species of brown bear. There is DNA evidence to support this and Himalayan peoples describe it as a bear not an ape or person.
Could you make a special mention to Brazilian cryptids? There could be an entire iceberg just about them. (Please upvote for him to see this!)
growing up in latin america i was SO scared of the chupacabra
What an amazing Christmas gift!!
Blud was yapping for the first 10 minutes before the video actually started
MOTHMAN S TIER HELL YEAH
Skip to 9:50
Hi Wendigoon! I sent you an email about Shane Fell, I hope you find it!
10 minutes of fucking adds. Damn
Crazy how the Jersey Devil is only the second scariest thing in the Pine Barrens, after an interior decorator who killed 16 czechoslovakians
Cryptids have nothing to do with icebergs.
Big foot is my favorite cryptid
"Champie is a horned serpent".... uh. That kind of... set me off. See, i remember hearing that Thunderbirds, the almost dragon-like storm bringing birds that apparently span across multiple tribes' mythology, are in opposition to two other factions. As they are bringers of sky, fire from above and the rejuvenation of the land they serve counter to entities from under the waters and underground. These aquatic panthers that tend to be tied to mines and the Horned Serpents. The feline former are purported to be the more savage antagonists but the latter being more benign and capable of listening to natives and pleas. .... Now, i'm not weaving any conspiracy here... But I do live in Oklahoma. Oklahoma has its own Eldritch Horror God, Yigg the Father of Serpents. Technically a synthetic god, but regardless, I digress. Snakes, particularly behorned ones... ones with aquatic ties, are an oddly reoccurring figure in american mythology. There is the Serpent Mounds too. What's odd about this is, while i'm often a critic of multiple, spread out reinventing of a myth species (dragons) the very many tribes of who first lived on this soil have every reason to call foul on each other's veracity.  "Horned Serpent" is a little too oddly specific & used to not have some sort of evolution there. I do apologize if I can't cite sources, my memory is spotty at best. The best I can say is just "some video or podcast brought it up"
Dan Akroyd. Lol. No way that one’s real.
CRYPTID ICEBERG RAHHHHHGG
Moth Man is my favorite so much lore. Is it a bringer of disaster or does it provide a warning
Who told you NZ had Thylacine? Lmao, thats pretty basic researching @Wendigoon
When he say Yeti is JUST snow Bigfoot :'/
YEEEEEAH WOOOOO ANOTHER ICEBERG WOOOO YEAH  I WANT THAT LETTUCE ON MY SANDWICH LETS GOOOO
Video starts at 10 minutes. Lmao
my dad's a vermont native so i've been raised to love champie, i've heard and read stories of champie saving people who are drowning since i was little ❤ champie always holds a place in my heart
I hope to see the Wampus cat on here
As a Michigander I am only watching this cryptid iceberg for one thing; Gummy the Shark. Will keep watching until he shows up
The Dogman legend didn't start with the song, dude, oh my God. People have been reporting this creature throughout modern history, and it's always reported as insanely terrifying. There are supposedly seven different types. You really could have researched this a little more. The show Dogman Encounters is on close to its 500th episode of an hour length. People have very detailed, emotional stories that largely line up as far as details. I see lots of people in comments sections reporting to have seen one, and it's always terrifying. And what about Linda Godfrey's work, The Beast of Bray Rd? Highly credible, same creature. People couldn't possibly make this stuff up. The real question is, from where do these creatures come? I have my theory, that's for sure, and with how intelligent they're described as being, it's hard not to speculate on a connection to the Missing 411 cases. There's also evidence that they're a predator of Bigfoot. Who the hell told you the legend began with the song? Don't trust that person; you probably don't know him personally anyway.  And there's WAY more information on Loch Ness Monster than you're aware of. Way more sightings, History Channel documentaries, books, a dead researcher. Watch the History Channel material.  Cryptids are a super serious subject and deserve a lot more scrutiny than this semi-serious take. Loren Coleman is great. Have you read his books? David Weatherly as well, and Ken Gerhard. David Paulides has a long "Bigfoot 101" series on YouTube; it's really good. Bigfoot is fascinating, because the DNA study by Melba Ketchum did show that it's a human-like hominid. This has been covered up. Scott Carpenter wrote a book about it called "Truth Denied," then Scott Carpenter turned up dead recently. Bigfoot also clearly has paranormal, dimension hopping abilities. There's a book on this by Josh Cutchin and Timothy Remer called "Where the Footprints End."  I think the cryptid mystery is a big key to understanding the mystery of our planet and should be looked at really closely and with seriousness. And the bad actors of our world don't want this information known, I can tell you that much.  As far as chupacabra, I think the Puerto Rico creature and the Texas one are just totally different creatures, not sure how they got called the same thing....
As someone from Northern Michigan, I love it when people mention the dogman. I live in the middle of the woods, and he was often used as something to scare us and keep us out of the woods at night. Also, listen to the song, it goes so hard
Can’t wait for the 10 hour compilation of all 500 parts
Thanks for planning on having a 9hr version of this series after the conclusion.  i really enjoyed watching the Conspiracy video last year. That was pretty cool. learned a lot.  found a lot of topics to think on.
As a West Virginian, I'm happy to see Mothman in S-tier.
Holy shit dude 10 minutes  to get to the point, what a mess, please script this stuff better. Just starting this is like pulling teeth
If Bigfoot is real, do you think he might be more annoyed by the people that are hunting him or the ones that are overenthusiastic fans of his?
Mothman seems neat.  the way you described him here mentioning the military base makes it sound like maybe he could've been some kind of top secret military project for some kind of special flight suit. 14:38 the whole chasing teens off story you described sounded like something out of a Scooby Doo episode to maybe scare trespassers off something that might've been there. I have no idea if that place had some kind of history of shady stuff there, I just thought that sounded like the potential plot for an episode.  ...that makes me wonder, have any of the Scooby-Doo shows or movies done a Mothman episode/movie?  I'm not sure about a movie, but i'm sure an episode could easily be done.  Although I don't think I'd mind if this were one of those movies where the monsters/cryptids are real à la Zombie Island, Witches Ghost, Alien Invaders, the early movies with their writing style.
TF U MEAN C TIER CHUPACABA !! :0
STOP YAPPING
0:25  is there a page around that has this iceberg? in the event we want to have a look at this on our own I mean.
He actually stars the iceberg at 10:30
I know this is a late comment, but we now know jackalopes exist! Kinda.  Turns out what people were seeing were rabbits with weird tumors. Just a random fun fact for ya.
In circa 2004-2005 I saw "something" on a Loch Ness webcam and years later learned it was part of a special effects company doing a prank involving a plesiosaur animatronic made in a Jurassic Park style. Kid Me would've been disappointed that it wasn't the "real Nessie" but as an adult I *love* that I had the chance to see the prank from a webcam in that little window when it happened
mothman got that DUMPY🚚
Why did it have to take 10 minutes for you to start the video?!?
The Jersey Devil episode of Lost Tapes scared me so much when I watched it as a child. Since then he's been the spookiest cryptid to me.
Thylicine can be considered a cryptid, since people claim it still exists and report sightings
10:30 for the actual start of the content
Hell yeah love the tier list
No offense man but 10 and a half minutes for the video to start is a bit much
I'd like to know where he got that cool light on the right side it's awesome
imagine your whole existence being “this bitch stank”
The chupacabra school project is too real I did a report on different types of Sasquatch adjacent creatures in 6th grade got bullied so bad for it
hey you forgot about Australian cryptids which I believe are particularly interesting, the Yowie is essentially a bigfoot but has a long history in our indigenous people's stories its believed to violent and aggressive sometimes and timid the rest but what I think separated Yowie from any bigfoot variation is its history to my knowledge there hasten really been any long standing beliefs about bigfoots from indigenous people especially as long standing as a people the indigenous people of Australia are i think its interesting and deserves some love. secondly a drop bear which reminds me of the antler bunny and is a sort of long standing joke amongst rural fellas
My man, long have I waited for this day.
I got so excited when he started talking about the Chupacabra because I was hoping he would mention Puerto Rico and he did!!! People usually say it's just a Mexican thing and completely overlook the fact that the first encounters were in the Caribbean, so this made me incredibly happy
Thanks for the vid most of these I already  knew but some of them I didn't, can't wait for the rest
used to be neighbors with the guy who made the moth man statue 😂 mothman is such a meme if you live in point pleasant or gallipolis
I like your content, but holy shit dude, 10 1/2 just to start the video
Skip to 10:30 to start the fucking list
Chupacabra is S tier 😡😡😡
I don’t know if you’ll see this wendigoon but we have a local legend in my town of the dog man as well. Completely separate from the Michigan dog man I live about 10 minutes from the house!
The Popobowa better make an appearance and it needs to be ranked S!
literally took 10min for the video to start
This is my advent calendar 😊
10:25 when he actually started
Jesus, he doesn’t even start until 10 mins in
"i gotta put skunk ape to B tier.. bc.. hes a smelling bigfoot" I love wendigoons thought work. 😂
JUSTICE FOR CHAMPIE!!!!!
love your hoodie i got mine in the mail the other day its the best
Bro took 48 years just to get started on the first cryptid 😭
lol, ThyluhKyne. You didn't do full research on it. It's only theorized to be extinct, because people haven't seen it. People claim to see it's tracks and hear it at night, but no one has ever seen it,
Wendigoon, We need to know your skin care routine, Plz. Your biggest fan <3 OwO
I think I heard somewhere that it’s likely that some kraken sightings were likely whale dicks…wild
megalodon is not a cryptid
10:25 The start of the video
The thylacine is probably on the iceberg because people claim it's still alive.  My third grade teacher swore she saw an ivory-billed woodpecker after it was said to go extinct.  Things like this are really common.
holy sh*t 10:30 of filler GOD DAM
champy? it’s just jörmungandr guys he’s just chillin waiting for ragnarök
the video actually starts 10 minutes in.
As a Scot, hearing you call it "lake loch Ness" was very similar to how I imagine Indian people feel when they hear "chai tea" lmao
How is Mothman S tier but Nessie is C tier despite both not having much evidence and largely being tourist magnets??
logan paul is a better crypto zoologist than Lauren Coleman
9:53 he starts
Had to hit you with a dislike, God dam 10 minutes later and you finally start the main topic of the video
A
yeaahh baby that’s what I’ve been waiting for that’s what it’s all about whoooi
10 minutes and the video still hasn't started yet. For real, man...
here in the alps we also have our own form of jackalope, it's called the "Wolpertinger" :) and cool side note, my biology teacher suggested that the Shope Papilloma Virus could have inspired the perception of the Wolpertinger. but trigger warning for googling that virus! it looks haunting on real life animals
Wendigoon, there exists a series of YuGiOh Cards called the "Danger!" Archetype. They all focus on various cryptids, check them out!
That's right, return to your roots Iceberg Boy
OMG I just came back from my DC trip, and I'm working on re-fixing my room. Wonderful video, dude, can't wait to see the whole series!!!
I thought the Lock Ness Monster had been figured out by scientists. Didn’t they find evidence of large eels, and they think what people saw was a group of eels?
BOOO I HATE IT DO SOMETHING ELSE jk this is so rad cannot wait for more! Time to go watch pt 2 :)!!
I recoommed anyone interested in the Loch Ness Monster to to a deep dive into Aleister Crowley and his ties to it. Also, in regards to Dogman, I urge anyone curious to look up the recording of a small interview with a man who claimed one was running alongside him on a lone road. Cant remember the details but he was southern and very, very disturbed by it. Sounds really authentic.
Bro did 10 minutes of introduction 🤣
Thylacine is a cryptid under the belief that it still exists despite being declared extinct in the wild, it’s completely applicable
Cool video iceberg boy
Bro why his intro a full ahh terms and conditions
Bluds intro is 10 minutes
ICEBERG BOY has returned <3
Skunk Ape is pretty much an undomesticated Florida Man
YIPPEEEEEEEEEEEEE 🥳🥳🥳
30 mins video, first 10 mins talking about other rubbish, no thanks il pass
she touched the butt :0
Josh Gates is the goat
Iceburgs are just longform tv guides
Mothman is mine and my boyfriend's third
The Jackalope kind of reminds me of the drop bear
Great series! Though i must say, every time you say 'cryptozoology' i tend to almost throw up due to what mr Logan has done to the name...  Still can't wait for #3 >:)
Americans saying "lake loch ness" is so funny to me, because loch just means lake, so youre saying "lake lake ness" when you could just say "Loch Ness in Scotland" and everyone would know what you mean when you show a monster in a lake. I mean, who doesnt know about Nessie? Especially after the ICONIC "You named my daughter after the Loch Ness monster?!"
10:30 is when the actual video starts after a bunch of fucking nothing for 10 minutes lmao
video actually starts at 10:31
Im picturing the DogMan as just a jacked dude with the face of pug
Thank you for putting mothman as s tier 😂 I have a strange obsession with that one- I have multiple shirts with mothman on them, multiple pins, a patch on my battle vest, and a tattoo of him. Any choice other than S tier for him would be objectively wrong
10 and a half minutes of fluff before the video actually starts.
the Thylacine is a cryptid cause its debated on weather or not its actually extinct. there are still rare sighting of it.
Wendigoon is a Corvette guy? Now he's undeniably the Goat
I don't want to be that guy, I'm gonna point out that you did a 10 minute intro. I'm gonna watch the rest of the video instead of complaining.
Loch ness monster at c is gonna be Wendigoon’s MBDTF’s a 6/10
The Jackalope (?) seems like a worse version of the Wolpertinger
Why is half of this video just advertising
How does something go from "Died a million years ago." to still very much alive and probably not even endangered?
The Thylacine has been apparently seen by some in the modern day. Also, scientists are trying to find a way to bring it back from the dead through cloning processes.
Obviously you've never heard of the wild Florida guy that goes walking through the Everglades touching all the scary things there. Man is crazy but fearless
I missed ur icebergs
The 1930s were some big years for the cryptids
WE NEED THE BRAZILIAN "CHUPACU" IN THIS ICEBERG!!!!!!!
I can't ever look at AG1 the way I did before I bought it. It tastes like dirt. That's not an exaggeration. It tastes like a handful of grass and dirt in liquid form. There is no "sweet vanilla" taste. Just overpowering earth.
Nessie was proven through eDNA scans a few years ago to be either sightings of very large specimens of the catfish population (which can often crawl across land between water bodies) or one of the large specimens of the eel population. Its been proven!!! We solved this one lads!!! Go home!!!
bro the video starts 10 minutes in holy shit
10:25 jesus CHRIST 10+ minutes of intro??? come on man!
Are we not gonna talk about the fact that his wife touched mothman's butt? Way too iconic.
I AM AS HARD AS A DIAMOND RIGHT NOW.
I would love a Astronomy iceberg.
mild correction, nessie is theorised to be a marine reptile rather than a dinosaur, such as a plesiosaur
WENDIGOON IS A CIA PLANT. DO NOT TRUST ANYTHING HE SAYS OR BELIEVES.
Your icebergs are my go-to when i have to be working during the weekends! thank you for your work. I'm from Argentina and i remember in the early 2000s that the Chupacabra was a thing in the news!, because cows were finding dead, people even said it was some kind rat or something like that, i was child but i remember all the theories that were popping on tv 😂it was a fun time.
Did anyone else see that at 0:50, the second to last entry in the first row is DAN AKROYD?! I know hes a weird guy but damn. Was Crystal Head some kinda magic potion or something?  Is he a Cone head in real? Was Ghost busters a documentary?
Thylacine is pronounced 'thylaseen' but I'm not trying to be pretentious, just tryna help out lol. Love your content, I've been watching since the disturbing movie iceberg.
Video starts ten minutes in just so y’all know
THE JERSEY DEVIL MY BELOVED. My uncle is OBBESSED with the guy, since he lives in NJ and my childhood home was a half and hour away. While granted I was always a little spooked of the Devil- I was equal part fascinated.
Thank you so much for all your videos! I live the tier list alongside the iceberg and I hope you do more videos similar in the future! Thanks for all your work!
Does that mean Jesus is a cryptid?
Video starts at 10:30
10 Minutes to start the video...
Also, the coelacanth is often used as a red herring to support nonsense like man existed with dinosaurs or that dinosaurs still exist today in parts of the world. Proponents claim that since a fish that was alive during the time of dinosaurs, but supposedly went extinct is still alive yet missing from the fossil record that the same logic applies to the “living dinosaur” theory. The problem is that no such absence from the record exists and has not for some time. It’s been completely filled in, from the time they supposedly went extinct all the way to modern species with evidence of evolution along the way.
Wendigoon I love you.
So the dogman is the robb stark of the cryptids
Actual iceberg starts at 10:30
Being someone from northern New York, Champy is absolutely a fun, campy childhood tale. There’s an arcade where I grew up themed around Champy. Definitively cute, far from scary
It’s awesome that the Loch Ness monster is in a deep skinny lake because there’s a similar one the Ogo Pogo in a long skinny lake in Canada
Video begins at 10:20
hell yeah mothman s tier. went to the mothman fes this year was a lot of fun
Wow, I’m honestly impressed, the first 10 minutes or a 35 minute video dedicated to rambling and sponsers.
10:30 is when the video actually starts 💀😭
I just love this channel so so much ❤
Video starts at 9:51 :3
dude I've been watching since you like 50k subs I'm so glad to see how far you've come since then
28:40 Iceberg boy ignores two giant studio lamps and is scolding himself about the tiny ceiling lamp that isn't visible 90% of time. Ceiling lamp S+ tier cryptic.
Bigfoot deserves S in my opinion, if it weren't for Bigfoot, the entire field of Cryptozoology wouldn't exist
I love it
Mothman, the jersey devil, bigfoot, nessie etc. have always been D-tier for me because they have like gift shops and roadside attractions and it completely ruins that sense of 'they could really be out there.' Plus it stops them from being scary - they're just something that kids like. Can't wait for the deeper tiers.
Wexford county reptesent lol
FUCKING FINALLYYY
I love the dog man stories they fuck me up when I’m in the woods
I guess the tylacine / australian marsupial thingy as an entry is justified. People still have sightings so it is a criptid per definition
The cryptid I wanna see is that corvette. As a car goblin my eyes always drift over to that emblem in the top left.
Iceberg boy back at it again
Love that the internet has taken the mothman my little local legend into the heights of internet fame
Hi, Dr. Goon, mexican here. An interesting thing about the chupacabras is that, in México, it's legend wasn't as organic as in PR or even Texas. At the time, we were going trough both the last sever financial crisis and the last threatening guerrilla uprising we've had so far and, keeping traditions, corruption scandals. So the federal government promoted the chupacabras sightings that started making noise just across the border to a level of mass hysteria so the people would focus on something else. They even used our non union mexican equivalent of Fox News to "track down" the path of the chupacabras as it expanded its cattle mutilation from northern México to the whole country. This makes the chupacabra an existing creature certified by the mexican government and media... So, a lie
it’s so weird seeing bigfoot being higher tier than yeti for me because where i live any big creature like this called yeti (it doesn’t matter if it’s snow-related or not) and i’ve never heard about bigfoot before i learned english and started watching videos in english :0
I learned about criptyds for the first time playing fallout 76. And since then I just love learning about them. Idk if I believe in a single one but at the same time I think I believe them all
Unpopular opinion, i find mothman really lame. Moths are stupid. You can easilly replace mothman in his myth with Ingrid (?) Cold
Dude you talk too damn much!! First 11 mins is a pure waste Bc you don’t shut up and get to the point!
if you like even the idea of nessie pls watch water horse. it’s a genuinely amazing movie
First ten minutes are waste of time just start the video
The fucking video starts at 10:30. Absolutely ridiculous waste of 10 minutes.
loved it
Ag1 has K2 in it?!?
the jackalope is so fun for me because my grandma on my dads side is from a reservation in southern Wyoming, her older sister still has their dads jackolope “hunting license” from when he was a teenager framed on the wall
Lake Loch Ness?! Loch *MEANS* lake! I don't go asking you about your ocean oceans!
Moth man wasn't actually black in the original sighting it was a lighter colour with eyes that glowed when hit by the light, the description changed with later sightings
This series reminded me of an idea I had when I was a late-teenager for Netflix. On Netflix there exists a show where Jerry Seinfeld is going out for brunch with local comedians. I had the idea that an actor from a popular show from horror/ cryptid/ supernatural culture (i.e Jensen Ackles) would travel the United States and meet with local museum owners, shop keepers, or anyone who would be a trusted source on a popular supernatural phenomenon within the state.
Wendigoon that myakka skunk ape is possibly real the ripleys perspective doesnt add up if you see the second picture of it
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh it’s happening
I'm absolutely horrified of the dogman I'm already scared of dogs so that is enough for me lol
The loch Ness monster can't be a dinosaur because plesiasaur are marine reptiles
Skip to 10:00 if youre just a casual watcher like me holy shit it took him a whole youtube video to get into the actual vid hahaha
The original creepypastas
Video length was perfect.
For the Continental sightings of Chupacabra the most likely explanation is literally a hyena with mange. mange is a disease that makes fur fall out and causes an iron deficiency which is why they crave blood in particular
10:30
bunch or rtdd people watch this
Cryptid island was my childhooooood on poptropica, taught me all the goat ogs
a 10 minute intro is insane even by your standards
Holy shit he isn’t starting till 14 minutes in damn
when i started getting into cryptozoology, this channel was the first place i went to and i was so sad you hadnt put anything out! christmas really has come early, i am so excited for this
Great job taking ten full minutes to start the damn video.
Video starts at 10:27
I would argue that not having a hard canon makes something more interesting, because it means humanity loves it so much we are engaging in paratactic mythology
love love the point pleasant mothman museum the owner is so cool and sweet.
Where did he get that nessie flag
20:16 uh oh Wendigoon pulled a big L! Tasmania isn't a country. Its a state in Australia.
bro 10 minutes into the video bro is still yapping and not doing the iceberg. i aint watching this shit
10 minute intro is crazy bro
I've been watching all of wendigoon's videos throughout my basic training for the CAF
10:20 for anyone who wanna skip the long ass intro
There used to a whole market of Fiji mermaids and some of them were so well done that experts couldn’t figure out how they attached the monkey to the fish because of the craftsman’s skill.  But at the same time, the makers bragged about how they outsmarted the people examining the mermaids in public, so…
The Jersey Devil deserves S tier
I always wanted a chupe of cabra
About the Jackalope (but not really), paleontologists have recently found a species of gopher that had horns. So the Jackalope isn’t quite the evolutionary impossibility it first appears to be.  Still probably isn’t real though. And Al-miraj and wolpertingers are obviously superior.
Man I just want to say I love Mothman so much lol
bruh 30% of the video is ads and shouting out side projects
thylacin was never in NZ
Video starts at 10:29
All my thalassophobia bros foaming at the mouth, seeing the kraken in B tier. There isn't a single universe where I'd be more terrified of a manly moth than a fucking giant squid that lurks in the oceanic depths. 😂😂😂
Dog man scared the life out of me as a midwestern child
When I was younger I was so scared of the chubacabbra (I totally spelt that wrong) because my family lived near goats and other livestock. One day I remember a few pregnant goats went missing, that day I went too the beach too play, and I found the goats open and bloodless, I was absolutely mortified and I was so scared I ran home, thre up and fainted lmao. Now I realize it was probably just some older kids messing around, but I was scared shitless lmaooo
The actual content took over 10 minutes to get too.
YESSSSSS
Video starts at 9:51
skip to 10:30 for first cryptid.
the jackalope likely started from a sighting of a rabbit with the shope papilloma virus. The virus causes black bony warts to grow in large spikes on a rabbit's head, often looking like a chaotic mess of horns.
Video starts at 10:00
i feel like im in highschool, being forced to watch a mate's presentation... lol
first fricking time seeing this chanel and  i was introduced to an hour long intro....wtf.......7 minute long intro and promoting everytheng,then....SPONSOR RIGHT AWAY WTH
I think mothman is the most lame and stupid cryptid. It’s just some lame giant bug. How can you disrespect bigfoot the coolest most Chad cryptid  and give his spot to something that could be repelled with a fly swatter?
booooring
Icebergboy is back with another banger😂 Great Video, keep it up!
I AM SO HAPPY THAT HE PUT MOTHMAN AT S !!!!!!!!! i have a personal love for him because of shane and ryan so i am very happy hahah
Why would you use the tasmanian tiger and not some real australian cryptids like the brown jacks or yowies
Iceberg boy lives!
did u get a new writer?
21:41  Bob Gymlan's video on this photo is a must-see.  I say this as a science type who doesn't believe in any cryptid BUT bigfoot (or ET UFOs either) and initially had all the "there would be no roads (in a stateless society)"-tier common objections about bigfoot ("why haven't they found a body?" etc.  The answer by the way is that great apes IN GENERAL don't leave good remains).
10-plus min intro. Please never again
mate 10 minutes of a 35 minute video is yapping and advertisements fucking hell
Love how you spend ⅓ of the Video only rambling about useless BS...
Mothman S-teir always!
Combining tier list with iceberg videos  Dear god he's becoming too powerful
The 2002 thriller/mystery film The Mothman Prophechies I thought was effectively creepy and ominous. It played into the lore of The Mothman being this shadowy harbinger of doom that also has the power to pierce the veil of the "afterlife".   John Klein (Richard Gere): "What am I holding in my hand?" (in his closed hand, alone in his motel room at night, speaking on the phone)   Mothman (staticky unknown voice on the phone): "Chapstick...." 😲👾🌉
Bigfoot, Yeti and Skunk Ape are just like D&D chromatic dragons.
All these people complaining about the intro have had their brains completely rotted out. Great video with a very contextual intro.
Dogman = short faced bear.
I ♥️ Cryptids
Esquilax! A horse with the head of a rabbit and the body of a rabbit
Man this is surprising, the Kraken seemed like the easiest S+ tier ever
Its insane how he bs'd for 7 minutes before even starting the sponsor bit. Video starts at 10:30 btw.
Iceberg Boy back at it again with another iceberg explained videos!
10 minutes and 30 seconds
Thyla-seen not thyla-kine
Wendy is sexy.
yeah pal this is cool and all but when are you going on Forhead Fables again?
almost ten minutes to actually start the video come on man
iceberg boy is back at it
Why does OGs audio quality get worse as his channel grows 😂
Do iiiiiiiit!
Yesss! You and Meatcanyon have such a special energy together! Glad to hear about Creepcast
ICEBERGS ARE BACK LETS GOO
Hi, Aussie here. I think the reason why the thylacine is on the iceberg is because although they're formally considered extinct, some people believe that they didn't completely die off and that there are still thylacines alive somewhere in the Tasmanian wilderness. Which makes them similar to more mythic cryptids like bigfoot or nessie.
Iceberg analysis starts at 10:30 thank me later
There have been quite a few reported sightings of Thylacines in Australia since the species was declared extinct. I've seen some photos of what looks like one darting across a rural road, from only a few decades ago. It's possible there are, or were, small, isolated populations of them around South Eastern Australia. If they do still exist, there probably aren't enough of them for the species to survive, so it will be extinct soon if it isn't already. But existence debated means it qualifies and so shouldn't be listed as N/A. Also, they were never in New Zealand. Australia and New Zealand have completely distinct and unrelated ecosystems.  As for Dogmen, that's an old legend long predating the existence of European settlements in North America. Multiple ancient explorers from Europe and the Middle East reported encountering whole communities of them, both in the Himalayan foothills of modern India and also on islands past India, in what was probably South East Asia. There were even essays written by prominent theologians in the Middle Ages debating whether they had souls (as their existence was never confirmed, and doubted by many, they were basically cryptids back then).
thank you for being such an incredible content creator man
I sighed a breath of pure relief when he said mothman was S tier
Most of the yeti images being from the Disney ride 😭
The Coelacanth was thought to be extinct till it was found off the coast of my Animal Crossing island
isnt there some sort of disease that affects rabbits brains and gives them these weird growths that look like horns? It also makes them behave weirdly but I can not remember whats it called. is it just another urban legend I used to justify the existence of the Jackalope? I thought it was real XD
Jesus Christ 10 min until u actually go over the iceberg and start talking about cryptids quit yappin bro
I would pay money for someone to edit out moistcritical out of the podcast lmfao
skip the first 10 minutes thats when the video starts
Was surprised to hear legends about crackhead 16:35
The yeti came first but gets called a copy? Boo sir, boo.
Ur Intro is half of the vid
Video starts at 10:30 😐
love the chupacabra, as a puertorican i've been fascinated with it, its a story that has been passed down a lot, it goes way back to the time of our natives but it was never documented properly, all it was said was that it was a dog looking creature that sucked dry live stock and domesticated animals and sometimes attacked humans but never recorded i guess, it was my first cryptid story and i was 6 at the time and i was the only one who was fascinated than scared of it, also the gargoyle here in puerto rico is a reoccurring thing but its lame it does the same as the chupacabra and its way newer coming back to early 2000's
As a Tasmanian I must add that many people believe that the Thylacine is still alive and in the largely unexplored western wilderness of the island.
the mf chupacabra haunted me as a child, and WHERE did i learn about it? POPTROPICA. MY 7YR NIGHTMARE FUEL WAS THE POPTROPICA RENDITION OF A CHUPACABRA 😭😭
skunk ape is relatable
where is Drekavac?
You need to make a video about the angel of death josef mengele. It's a very interesting story and it also shows a little bit of conspiracy theory because he had a post war live showing the failures of us not being able to get them all
Once again looking at a cryptid list hoping the Schnellghast shows up. Seems to really only be known by us PA Deitsche (PA Dutch. We aren’t Dutch, we’re Germans but in our dialect it’s spelled Deitsche)
A Sasquatch came to my house and gave me acid last night.
why was Tasmania listed separately from Australia for the thylacine?? she's ours, she's part of Australia lmao
Man 1/3 of the video is just intro and ad sponsors then you tell me its a multiparter no way i'm gonna waste my time with so much boring content that drags on and on and that was on double speed as well
Nessie and champie have an Argentine cousin. Nahuelito in Bariloche, Argentina
7:11 ad starts 9:53 video starts
🥭
Slenderman
I used to work with an old man that was a stoner around the late 70’s. We were both on the east coast. This man swears he saw a Sasquatch on a family vacation. This was in California, and I did ask him if he was tripping but he said “No way, I was 12 at the time.”  Idk if he was telling a tall tale but it was a good story. He has to be in his mid 70s now. He did do a lot of drugs (self proclaimed) so sometimes I wonder if he got things mixed up.
Love the channel but you gotta do the channel update at the end. That 10 min intro was rough and seemed a little off for you. I skipped ahead but I’m sure it turned some people away.
I will die on this hill but I have seen and almost ran over a jackolope. Mom told me it was a small deer, friends told me it was just a jack rabbit with huge ears, but no. I saw it. A rabbit with an antler rack like a deer. In my headlights, 20 feet in front of my car on the road.
Jesus. 15 mins in and we just get finished with the sponsor. Come on just get to the content.
Video starts at 10:30
Im from the PNW. I risk being shamed publicly if I do not declare my belief and love for Bigfoot.
You totally missed the point on the Thylacine.  There are still frequent reported sightings so its existence is debated, making it a cryptid.
You spent so long on the intro/sponsor I lost interest in the video before it even started...
Bro wtf I finished my food in the first 10 minutes of the video I’m lowkey pissed
16:40 squid does the legend say it was a octopus
10:28 video starts here
Holy fuck dude get on with it
Starts at 10:30
You mispronounced Thylacine  Its 'thyla seen' not 'Kine'
0:55 you haven’t heard of the sea monster that was actually just a whale penis
JESUS CHRIST......11 min rambling intro Fuuuuuck Me
Bro, it took you WAY too long to actually get to the content, I'm sorry.
So we're just gonna ignore the jackalope from america's funniest people? Ok, "Be as fast as fast can be. you can never catch me" >_>
Hooray Iceberg boy made and Iceberg video lmao. God Bless Wendigoon
I’m not sure what happened to you man….. but this totally sucked a$$, the whole thing was beyond terrible 🤮…… it’s like you’re you’re just reading something out of Wikipedia and trying to get through it as quickly as possible…. There’s no soul in any of it , it’s unwatchable man, total let down, “unsubscribed”.
I'm gonna seem like a dick for this but When starting a series like this, where you're already starting with the most shallow and widely known stuff Maybe don't take 10 minutes to actually start.  Space out the credits, ads and endorsements. Because I almost said screw it and skipped to the next video, and I like you. A lot <3 A new viewer isn't gonna give it that much chance.
But what grade did you get on that report in 8th grade
why did it take 10 minutes to actually get into the topic of the video
Fun fact - well, not so fun, but still: Myths of the jackalope most likely come from sightings of hares and rabbits with the Shope papilloma virus, a papillomavirus that occurs among some animals in the hare family which causes growths resembling horns to develop on or near the animal's head.
Dogmen are my favorite. Dogmen legends are some of the oldest crypid legends. In orthodox christianity. St. Christopher is a Dogman. There are also many orthodox saint writings debating the humanity of dog people.  So no. It's not just "a dj mad a song and people started seeing it."  The legends are much older and much more interesting. I hope you look into them more before you do a podcast on them.
this is my roman empire
Thylacines are technically cryptids because, despite being officially extinct, there are still recent reports of living individuals out there. If I'm not mistaken, there's even a website on the subject where it brings together various evidence such as footage, photos, footprints, etc. There are some very interesting things
Wendigoon's challenge in every video: see how many times he can say "Thank you for watching"
Looking forward to Trunko.
Mothman better fucking get a 10/10 Iceberg boy.
I kinda believe in the Dogman, I live near the area. One time when I driving home from work I saw red eyes in the woods on the side of the road. At first I thought it was just a raccoon but when I was driving close to it, it had a shape of a werewolf and I really don’t wanna believe it’s a werewolf I thought my headlights would shine light on what it actually is but as soon as my headlights went close to it. It last min darted couple more feet into the woods, avoiding the light.   Another time someone who worked in the same building as me(this building is on the same road). Had no way of getting home, no ride or anything so he said fuck it and decided to walk home but I got off not too long after and I drove on that road to try to find him and give him a ride. I did find him pass throu the woods and when he got in my car, he said he heard the scariest howl ever he knew it was a howl and not a random noise but it didn’t sound normal.
Nessie is what big foot is to the land except for water + patriotism?? Idk… think mans just did that to drive up the comments  Edit: Skunk Ape above nessie??? Starting to think its personal 💀
no that pic of the bigfoot is from a woman who took it. i have a ridiculous amount of bigfoot data and knowledge.
An american thinks big foot is cool but nessie over-rated. How original. They are both B Tier at most. Yeti > Big Foot. Your american bias is obvious
Video starts 10 minutes in 💀
I love you, Wendi, I really do, but I have to admit that waiting a full 10 minutes and 30 seconds for the main course was a bit of a shock. Blink 3 times if you're not an alternate.
Dude I love you but holy fuck a third of this was dead air
Mothman being anything above "C" tier is absurd. While Yeti and Kraken being anything less than "S" is also really absurd.
First time i heard about the Dogman was 2 weeks ago when my coworkers played the song about it. As a lifelong Michigan resident, it is a solid D tier for me, I dont know much about the lore behind it and I dont care to. I just feel like we could have been a little bit more creative than the dogman
I'm sorry but the mothman is really lame, a stupid bird guy who doesn't do anything but "predict tragedy".... Very lame and boring
Really done the Tasmanian Tiger dirty
I actually heard another version of The Jersey Devil’s origin. Rumor goes that he was some sort of Russian green beret or interior decorator. He allegedly killed 16 Czechoslovakians. The rumor also states that he owes money to a mysterious man named “Silvio”.
OOOOHHH snap its here!
can i just say Sabe teaches honesty in the 7 grandfather teachings. The Ojibwe have alot of stories of them and believed they are a forest peoples. a tribe.
I bet wendigoon is hiding a cryptid in his beard
panda was a cryptid
i stg the bunny man better be on here 😭
Another great video! Just a note, it's pronounced thigh-luh-scene.
YES MOTHMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    MY GOAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love how everyone loves Mothman.
Samquatch
damnnn sad the first 10 mins just not even the video
10 minutes in the video starts, love this guy but seriously wtf
all nessie, big foot and werewolf associates could be put together and quickly mentioned
12:35
ten minute intro gollee
So funny story as a kid I thought the Jersey Devil was a Tasmanian devil but like in Jersey and I never understood why an angry rat dog in New Jersey was so scary but just went with it cuz like "animals can be aggressive I guess"...  I didn't find out it was a cryptid literal devil creature until like 2 years ago... I'm 23...
Hell yeah! This might get me back into making cryptid alebrijes out of modeling clay 🤔
10:30 is the beginning of content.
26:35 that's my cryptid, son!!
Yes bro we get it, ad rev is crazy right now and you gotta milk it for as much as you can.
Lets go icebrrg boi
Wendigoon Iceberg Dad.
hey hey! australian here for the thylacine entry, some more info: its pronounced closer to thyla-seen, rather than with a hard c while it has been officially extinct since the 30s due to pelt hunting, it has been reported to still be living in southern australia (not just the state of south australia lol) including tasmania by several people.  it is certainly a beloved creature here and always very popular at museums! you'd be hard pressed to find someone in the southern states who doesn't know what the thylacine is
this. this is what i needed
Drop your skincare routine plz
chupacabra theory is actually a coyote with mange their eyes can turn green and they lose hair  next google a bear without fur and tell me that dosen't look like werewolf
I love the taste of "just fine"
Tier List is great so far, Mothman & the Jersey Devil are my two favorite well known cryptids.
I like the 10 minute intro
Excited for the series and great kick off! Keepem coming, its gonna be fun.
dogman = world’s first furry?
Iceberg boy finally
love the tier list x iceberg mashup
Iceberg boy
took bro 10 minutes to get into the video
Loved it!
Iceburg Boy nake me go wee hee hee
Iceberg boy back with another video.
Chupacabra is legit just poor coyotes with mange
Intro Ends At 9:41
It’s pronounced thyla - seen.
I live in NJ and the jersey devil is super cool to me cuz my used to gpop shared a cabin in the woods with a hunting group in the pine barrens, and sometimes we'd go and visit  Never saw anything scary but ive had friends tell me that theyve had some spooky experiences in the pines
Oh yeah, the perfect vid to watch before bed tonight :)
THE SECOND I SAW THE VIDEO TITLE I ASKED ALOUD "is this the cryotid iceberg where they're all fuckable?"
HELL YEAH
Wendy goon best ice burg vids❤️🦅
Uh oh, Wendy got the wall hexagons, he's a youtuber now
There are theories that the jackalope idea originated from a rabbit with tumors, that can develop in a horn-like manner
I am so in love with the jersey devil. Always have been
Also, its pronounced Thyla-SEEN. Cmon dog, you gotta be smarter than this
cant believe you did not talk about the legendary.....Oklahoma giant lake octopus.
yo is that mac from always sunny?
@wendigoon why did I have to wait 10 min for you to actually start the dang video? I want to sub but i fear i will eat my praise later on
He said thylackiyan I think im gonna kill myself
Hey wendigoon, maybe don't take 10 minutes to get to the actual content of the video next time. Big thanks.
Iceberg boy is back
Longest intro ever lol
34:00 dude you don’t have to address every single, hypothetical schizophrenic hypothetical, YouTube comment do you think of. That’s part of the reason why your intros for 10 fucking minutes long… TEN goddamn, minutes!!!!!
NEW JERSEY MENTIONED 🗣🗣💯🔥🔥🗣💯🗣💯🗣🔥WTF IS HAVING THE SAME NICKNAME FOR SANDWICHES🥪🥪🥪🔥💯🔥💯🗣🗣🔥💯🔥💯🗣
Really throwing the thylacine under the bus there. (You also pronounced it wrong) it seems to still be alive to this day.
if i went into some bar and saw a jackalope and they told me it was real i would be like wow the world is amazing
My by far favorite cryptid ever is the Fresno Night Crawler. It's just a silly guy
*cheers and applause*
I’m team Jersey Devil. (Canadian but I saw it)
I'm so glad my country's animal, and my states animal was on this list. (Australia, Tasmania) BUT IT IS NOT PRONOUNCED THIGH-LA-KINE, it is procounced thigh-la-seen. THANK U.
Trippin balls rn
The Mothman statue is lowkey thicc. Lol.
The video starts at 10:25
You were so mean to Nessie :(
I kinda feel bad about my introduction to Mothman, because my fist exposure to him was in the Shin Megami Tensei series, which depicts him as this tiny, colorful, adorable little moth monster. I remember hearing friends talking about how scary he was and I'm just like "I'm sorry, you're scared of this little cutie?"
Did anyone else see Dan Akroyd at the bottom of the bottom of the iceberg?
You misunderstand - the kräken was first written of a few centuries ago, but tales of it go back over a thousand years among the Norse, Danes, and Svensk. Also, it's not the colossal squid - that's actually a smaller species of large squid that rarely tops 6ft in length. The kräken relates to both the *giant* squid, Archeteuthis Dox (which was first empirically confirmed on-film in the early 2000s, in the deep ocean off Japan) and the giant octopus better known as the lusca, as both were basically indistinguishable to the observing seamen a milennium ago. The thylacine (thigh-la-seen) is not extinct. They've been sighted in the wild the past 20 years. He's called *Champ,* not "champie". What are you, a filthy lobsterback? Leeds' 13th child was born hideously deformed and was discarded in the forest as being "cursed by the devil". The story of it transforming into a thestral arose from gossip in town during the aftermath - "the story grows in the telling", remember? Well it was getting told and embellished a lot for a couple months, because 18th century villagers had nothing better to do in their off hours. Never believe tales from superstitious people (aka heretics).
As an Aussie... Dude... Its pronounced "Thigh-low-seen"... Thats how you pronounce it in PROPER english, not that silly Americanisation where you get lazy and drop letters when writting, or repronounce words the way they look...  A-lu-min-i-um...for example..  Ok, ok, now im just being picky :P
jersey devil was robbed of s tier
Loch is the Scottish term for lake. So it’s not lake Loch Ness. It’s lake Ness. Just saying
MORE MERCH, MORE MERCH! I’m obsessed w/ you and your videos and talk about them ALL THE TIME!
I hope so badly the Ivory Billed Woodpecker is on this iceberg. It's even better than the thylacine because real ornithologists are STILL constantly, every season, trying to prove it still exists with hilarious cryptid photography
Shout out the cryptozoology museum in Portland! They were selling a random CD of my friend who talks about UFO’s in their gift shop
Wendigoon, you're a big inspiration! keep it up!
30:38 THAT'S A FUCKING BEAR!
Thaaanks you Mothman is the ultimate S tier cryptid. It's my favorite too because of all the ways the it's been interpreted over the years. I never get tired of hearing the origin story. Please keep going!
Great content man
30:28 That's just the giant dog monster from UNDERTALE
Iceberg boy is so back
The chupacabra sightings in the South Carolina area were Thylacine that escaped a zoo shipment. You even described it AND put a picture of one in your video
"im bad with deadlines" do you even know who you're talking to right now? lol. i can't stay consistent for more than like 4 days on something before i stop and do something else. can never get anything done EVER. still im gunna love this series whenever it does all come out. i currently do love it too :D  the x-files had a lot of cryptids. i hated the alien episodes because i loooove cryptids so much more.
Mormon Bigfoot better be on this iceberg at some point!
hear me out, AGI + Milk + Magic Spoon =???
The Jersey Devil interpretation in the video game "The Wolf Among Us" was so so cool and terrifying. As someone from New Jersey that's always how I had pictured it.
Sooooo.... hot take....  But what if the initial sighting of the dogman is just a case of mistaken identity?  Imagine if you will, someone coming across a furry at a reasonable distance who is only wearing the head portion of their costume in otherwise plain clothes, it's late at night, and they'd recently heard the song that the DJ wrote...  Both parties then make themselves scarce to avoid each other.  The furry doesn't want their other neighbors to know that he's a furry, so he won’t admit to the encounter, and the other party sees a dog-headed human figure lurking in the distance and doesn't know what it ACTUALLY is?!
Ok 10 mins of intro is way too much
'Dogmen were just a story made upby some dj' content creator seems completely unaware of the cynocephali of ancient legend
LETS GOOOOO
Chupacabra REPRESENTATION!!!!! 🇵🇷 It is not very common but the  Chupacabra myth goes further back than the 90’s. There was this animal called El Vampiro de Moca (Moca’s Vampire, Moca is a place in PR) that some claimed is the same as the Chupacabra.
I love that this video is short in comparison to some other ones, so don't beat yourself up about the length. It is still fun to watch.
I’m hoping the Lake Erie monster is on this list
love your content bro!
I guess wendigoon was thinking " well I've put this of for a year so i should use this exact video to drone on about things 90% of viewers won't care about and will be irrelevant in about a week, oh and i should definitely not include time stamps in the description of the video lest they try to skip to the actual topic of the video".   Bruh😓
Tasmanian local here, I'd say the Thylacine (Tassie Tiger) is on the list due to the amount of stories and "sightings" of the animal. Out west there are a bunch of stories from hunters and hikers that have claimed to have seen the animal or signs of it. I'd be surprised if they still existed to be honest, alot of hunting has been done with dogs which would be able to pick up and track and Thylacines in the wild. There has been talks of potentially cloning them from DNA but that all sounds pretty Jurassic Park to me. Would be pretty cool if they were rediscovered though! Also yeah his pronunciation of Thylacine gave me an aneurysm.
Thylakine??? It's pronounced thyla-seen
What about the beevcoon
The statue at 21:00. I'm looking at it and all my brain keeps telling me is that Skunkape wants to sell me bath salts, weed or some other questionable substance that I would regret almost immediately.
Wow! Amazing sound! I feel like I'm sitting in a bathtub with You!
10:30 when the video actually starts
Bro there's no way the Kraken isn't in S tier wtf
When i was little i was terrified of the chupacabra
Absolutely baffled that you don't know more of the legends surrounding the loch ness monster. There are stories much like bigfoot in that "Nessy" and the several monsters of myth and legend of the same type have been reported to be amything from a great white buffalo type of sacred spiritual animal, to an ancient prehistoric survivor help in great reverence, to a terrible beast that viciously devours human flesh at any opportunity, nessy was my favorite myth as a kid and I really feel like you need a deeper dive than the tourist attraction stuff on the subject to give it a fair rating. Love your content and I'm looking forward to the rest of the series! God Bless!
Thylakine…
A really cool fact about the Yeti is that the famous actor James Stewart helped smuggle alleged parts of a yeti hand out of Tibet by hiding the skeletal hand in his wife's undergarments.
Ooooh this is such a feast. I'm so excited!!
3.2 million subs, don't count us out, coach.😊
Careful there, your "USA USA USA" is showing.
I love my jackalope mount, lol
Love from WV Mothman is our hero and our reaper! Love you Wendigoon!
Video begins 10:31
The return of Iceberg Boy has sent tremors throughout the fabric of Spacetime.
Okay, I've skipped to the 10min mark by now and the intro and ads are still going. I like your content a lot but man, it's hard to keep interested with that much preamble. I can tell you're very passionate about your videos and want to set everything straight before getting to the meat and bones but I'm starting to associate you and Charlie with the most filler-packed discourses on the internet ever, always watching your videos with my finger on the right arrow.
american tall tale cryptids are some of my favorites. they have the goofiest names--jackalopes, hidebehinds, tailypo, axehandle hound. there's also something nice about knowing the origins for the "fearsome critters" was just lumberjacks making up stories to scare new hires. there's something very human about it
Where can I get that hexagon light wall art to the right? Anybody know?
Just need to swap Mothman and the Yeti 📟
This is the greatest day of my life
@20:15 fyi pronounced Thyla-SEEN
I need a wendigoon sponsorship iceberg
Wendigoon seems so much more wholesome in this video and i cant seem to understand why
9:50 Intro 💀
"XYZ by Christmas" is of course a plan which notoriously never fails 🤣
I’m from new jersey and the jersey devil used to scare the crap out of me as a kid. I used to hate going outside at night. Also, our environmental club in middle school used to do an evening “hike” in the pine barrens and our guide would tell us stories about the jersey devil and some other local legends
Loch Ness monster gets an A tier from me just for the River Monsters episode
I wendigoon over your videos please keep them coming
Come on Wendy 10 minutes before the video actually starts you can do better than that
Listen I can’t be the only one who has a problem with a 30 min vid that doesn’t actually start until after the ten minute mark
Dude, the yeti is the original wtf
Champ is a picture of a log, Nessie is a toy submarine with a head made out of plastic... Ogopogo, is a Plesiosaur.
chupacabra would make a great pet
Jesus Christ 10 minutes to get into the actual video.
mothman is best boy
Why is abw moving around the screen in the dogman part
thumbs down for your Nessie diss. Mothman is lame as fuck. You SEVERELY mispronounced Thylacine btw. Also thumbs down because you don't even mention the fact that people say they have seen the Thylacine since it supposedly went extinct.   If you want to see a scary, menacing bigfoot version check out the one in TN. It's supposedly extremely aggressive with black fur and red eyes. It's favorite prey is supposed to be dogs and has been seen carrying off dogs, clamping its hand over their mouths so they can't make noise other than whimpering.   The song is what made the dogman popular and did increase tales of supposed encounters but there were sightings before the song came out. Do better next time wendigoon.
I thought the jackalope was just a rabbit with Shope papilloma virus.
I made it to 8 min and gave up.  To much blah blah blah
Iceberg Video starts at 10:30
whenever i wasnt cooperating as a kid, my dad would "threaten" to sic the chupacabra on me😭 like if i didnt want to go to bed, my dad would say "if you dont go to bed right now, el chupacabra will come get you😟" and that would send me RUNNING. in reality, i had no idea what el chupacabra was. i just knew he was scary and i didnt want to find out😂
Deadass 10 minutes before you start, good video tho
It is good that you acknowledged your bias as an American because it feels like its really showing in your tier list especially when you take the Yeti and place it beneath the far newer Bigfoot. Most American cryptids are just watered down versions of much longer lived stories from other parts of the world.
Ohhh... Oh, the absolute dressing down I feel the urge to slap you with.... Ohhhhhhhh the inaccuracies....
My hoodie arrived! Not stopped wearing it!
The Kraken could be very real.
Christmas came early and so have I
I clicked this for two reasons:  1. To finally hear him talk about the Wendigo  2. And for the GIA-
the iceman cometh
I call 15 hours on the supercut. Also, thylacine is pronounced Thigh-lah-seen. And it's probably the origin of the chupacabra.
OMG i also did a historical essay in highschool on the chupacabra 😂 well you know what they say about great minds!
really enjoyed this cant wait for the next episodes
I absolutely reccomended the cryptid iceberg from Dantavius. The guy is hilarious
Uh so like on the dog man I think it’s just a normal fear a kid might have because one time when I was a little kid I was taking a bath with my grandpa and he often ducked his head underwater and came back up to scare me and this time for some reason when he did it he came back up with a golden retriever head and I was scared shitless until her ducked back under and was normal and was confused why I was scared
As someone who picked Vampires for their speech in fourth grade (because it was my favorite topic) and got made fun of for it: I love Wendigoon! I've never related to a content creator more than I do  knowing you did a report on the Chupacabra dude!
Love that while I was watching part 2 was uploaded
Lost tapes is a good cryptid show
Great to see the Wadsworth Constant still holds true even in late 2023.
Bro had better be covering Mokele Mbembe.
So you get sponsered, financially recieved. By countries with cryptids..
Iceberg boy
YES! YES! YES! YES!
I'm sorry but isn't the Thylacine pronounced "thigh - la - SEEN" not "kine" maybe Wendigoon just did it on purpose to drive comments like a ton of people do, because everyone loves to fight over grammar, because I've gotta believe someone who loves cryptids as much as he does, he has to have heard the animals name said many many times. This has to be a troll to get all the grammar Nazi's going!
Great video
Great video
I’m kinda disappointed that more people don’t mention that Nessy or atleast a counter part that has more then like been responsible for further propagating the existence of the cryptid is the more recent discovery on the show river monsters that big Greenland sharks will often hunt in Loch Ness near the surface of the waters but are made rare enough that hunting them down in the lake itself is difficult
I’m old enough to remember when the Chupacabra legends started in Puerto Rico. This sounds like a fun fact but it really just makes me feel old.
You should let us vote for one in each category for you to elaborate on, or make a mini video of
I'm sorry to spoil all, but the Jersey Devil is, in fact, just a person from Jersey.
Love the Jackalope is what the drop bear is to Aussies
Mothman would be the coolest one of all time if it wasnt definitely an owl
10 MINUTE FUCKING INTRO JESUS CHRIST
A youth pastor working with / making content with an open satanist? (Critilkal) interesting.
Regarding Jackalopes: they actually are real, in a sense. Not as a distinct species, but there’s a known leporid infection called the Shope papilloma virus which causes keratinous tumors resembling horns to grow from hares’ heads. It’s almost certainly the source of the original jackalope legend that the Herrick brothers built on.   So the Jackalope is less a cryptid, and more the name for an animal with a specific condition. Kind of like how a black panther is just a melanistic jaguar.  Edit: Removed information I got wrong.
I am excited for this video, but the Intro is too long. Like I can watch an oversimplified  video ( one of the older ones), and It would  be done before the intro of this video
I was worried you wouldn’t put mothman in S tear
Omg never seen a introduction take so long
god i hope he talks about the hoop snake
10 minutes before the video starts WTF
Destination Truth had me in its clutches when i was a kid. Tuned in every new episode to hear him say "IM JOSH GATES"
Wolpertinger cooler then Jackalope
Wendigoon woke up and thought "I wonder if I can tick off entire countries today?" 😂 still a great video as always!
To be fair to the Dog Man, Dog Heads were thought to be real for centuries and the Catholic Church has a dog head saint and official position on their having souls.
The original Puerto Rican Chupacabra scared the heck out of me as a kid. Really bugs me that it became a weird hairless dog.
10 fucking minutes of intro, I am enraged because of you
As a West Virginian and a cryptid fan, I cannot begin to express how grateful I am that you put Mothman in S tier. Our state often gets overlooked as being lame and stupid, so seeing someone talk so highly of our greatest legend is so awesome. Thank you, Wendigoon, you’ve made this fellow Appalachian proud.
“Creepscast” is already a thing. A CreepyPasta reader made it
Yeah the Kraken that is some good rum.
Yeah, Mothman has taken his Crusade on the road it was seen just prior to 9/11 in New York City, and it was seen in Japan just prior to the 2011 tsunami.
November of 1966 my dad was on his first Tour of Duty in Vietnam.
Nice vid getting to the tier list. It's a good idea.
How are you gonna put the “Fiji Mermaid”  in N/A but the Jackalope in C tier?!?! THEY ARE THE SAME TYPE........ TWO LIVING BEING SEWN TOGETHER AND PASSED OFF AS SOMETHING REAL! The only real difference is........ MERMAIDS HAVE A BETTER CHANCE OF EXISTING! 🤦🏻‍♂️
The Kraken is something that seems so plausible to me. Squids aren't solitary, they hunt in packs of up to 20. Imagine 20 ten foot long squids writhing around your ship, their beaks tearing at its hull while hundreds of tentacles lash all around you. Easy to see how that story becomes a myth about massive tentacled monsters pulling down ships
I don’t think the dogman has enough credit, I honestly fully believe the Youngstown Ohio sighting. If you haven’t heard it you should listen to the story if gave me chills to the bone and you can clearly see his emotion.
Can't wait for the 12 hour long supercut of this iceberg. Gonna be lit.
bro took 10 minutes to get into the video
I was waiting the whole video for the jackalope, it's the quintessential example of our love of messing with people in Wyoming. If you go to dubois, they have a giant statue of a jackalope with a saddle and we used to tell tourists that back in the 1800's you could find jackalopes big enough to ride, but they got hunted out. Also, fun fact, the legend likely comes from a fatal disease that rabbits can occasionally contract in the wild that causes growths and tumors to form on their bodies that sometimes resemble antlers
I've always been really fascinated bt Dogman stories.   Technically there are much older origins for dogman if you count the old semi-biblical Cynocephali stories or myths like Anubis   I always thought if it was an actual living thing it would be closer to a giant raccoon. Basically a thinner bear with opposable thumbs and much sneakier. At least based on the stories I've seen/heard
Omg Skunk Ape is literally Florida Man......
Anyone have a link for that poster? Christmas is coming up and I know what I want to get myself.
The video actually starts at the 10:30 minute mark
I wonder if the Insulindian Phasmid will be in this series :3
a 10 minute intro is insane
My old nickname was Seti the Yeti. Getting B-tier hurt a little, but wasn't to far off tbh
Dog man started way before the song . I think there was even o e supposedly in the Catholic Church at one point as a saint or something.
fell asleep halfway through watching this and forgot to come back 😭😭
Did anyone else speak out loud “Anuuubis” a la the Scooby Doo movie where the cult thinks Scooby is their prophesied God and chant “Ascoobus” over and over again while he was talking about the Dog Man? Just me? That’s okay.
You can find jackalope in first Red Dead Redemption!
You've got some learning to do when it comes to dogman my dude.  Definitely far more credible than you are stating. As fucked up as that is.  Probably the most credible story is from Skinwalkers at the Pentagon, one of George Knapp's recent books. High ranking military dude's wife saw one in broad daylight. Would be a really unlikely thing to lie about in their position imo.  Also, you must be familiar with Missing 411 (you should do a vid of you haven't). Anyway... second movie... Missing 411: The Hunted. End of the movie. Being in stealth camo. Yeah, that's them.  Also, similar sightings to this have been reported at Skinwalker Ranch. The stealth camo being that roared at the hippie dude for one. Also they chased one up a tree and shot at it.  They seem to use stealth camo like the Predator. As mind blowing as that is. That's why they are so elusive.  They are highly advanced extra-dimensional beings. Or at least have stolen tech from same.  Kinda surprised you don't know all this tbh.  Skinwalker Ranch is the number one spot for paranormal activity, it seems.  Any answers about how these beings and phenomena correlate and (maybe possibly barely) start to be explained by science will likely come from there. My best guess is that they are all extra dimensional beings and certain places have natural (or at least easier to stimulate) portals that allow them entry.
Starting the video 10 minutes in is crazy
23:10 bro really used a picture of someone swimming freestyle
The legend says that you can hear dogman scream "kruise is a feeder" every now and then
I FUCKING LOVE CRYPTIDS. THIS IS AMAZING!!
A theory about jackalopes is that they came from sightings of jack rabbits with a specific kind of tumors growing out of their heads, that looked similar to antlers
you did Nessie bad smh  you're biased toward bigfoot cuz you're an American
I think the creators of the Champie legend admitted to making it up as part of the attempt to increase awareness of and designate Lake Champlain as one of the Great Lakes for the federal conservation money.
How dare you put me in C tier Unacceptable.
Babe wake up wendigoon uploaded a iceberg video
FUCK YEAH!!! 🤘🏻😝🤘🏻
I think the "cryptid-ness" of the Tasmanian Tiger is because people keep claiming to see them even after their supposed extinction.
I believe the thylacine is on the list because, despite it going extinct nearly a century ago, people claim to have spotted it in the wilds of Tasmania. Thylacine spotting stories are relatively common down there!
What is bro yapping about 0:00 to 10:00
He tickles my neurodivergent brain with his iceberg videos
I'm 8 and a half minutes into this video and its still sponsor ads.
holy shit ive seen the weeks in concert twice
Well shit, #2 is out already, how long has it been?  ONLY A DAY?!
YESS BEEN WAITING ON THIS ONE
You make good content but man why does it take 10 minutes for you to get to the actual video/point?
I Managed to get a Wendigoon hoodie :D and I’m loving your content Wendigoon!!
This is everything I need right now, please don't stop this iceberg. Also by your definition of cryptid, Mormon lore actually has several
35 minute video... First ten is intro... Like is there an award for longest intro ever?
Man i love cryptids  And i love wendigoon  This is heaven for me
Loch means lake, so it's just loch Ness not lake Loch Ness
I love u wendigoon but damn. Your intros are way too damn long. Whole lot of yapping (video starts ten minutes in)
The ag1 add is killing me why was bro like “you may be looking at this thinking it doesn’t look nice but it actually 😊*sips tiny bit of it* 😐 tastes just fine”
I am from South Jersey, if you do not believe in the Jersey Devil, you are disrespecting my culture, and I will disrespectfully (also part of my culture) ask you to eat a cinderblock
i'm late to this video but just as erect
iceberg starts at 10:30
Dog man is just a guy wearing his fursuit XD
As a resident of Point Pleasant, hell yeah our boy is in S-tier
Josh gates was like my child hood hero I l9ved destination truth and is the main reason I fell in love with mythos and legends. He will forever be someone I look up too for cryptids. Ans you quickly became someone I looked up to for the weird and unknown. S tier youtuber
Lol, I remember this when I was in school, and my friend showed me the news about the chupacabra. I got scared because it happened here in Puerto Rico 🇵🇷 but not in my town, but I was afraid to go outside when I was a kid 😂
There's a fairly decent likelihood that Thylacine is still alive in patches. I'd suggest checking out Forrest Galante if you're interested in learning about it It's like his favorite topic and his whole thing is preservation and finding once-extinct species
Am I the only one who thought the sponsor was that one cereal brand from a while back.
Top 40 trending congratulations Christ bro
For the first moment of this video I was like "OH NO IT'S NOT THE REQUEST FROM MISTER GG'S SHORT IS IT?! " 😂
Jersey Woman, mad about getting knocked up for 13th time gives birth to awkward looking hellspawn. Huh, never knew the origin of the Jersey Devil was basically just an episode of Jersey Shore lol.
Holy shit there is an entire youtube video's length of random advertisements before the video actually starts. I'm at 09:57 and I still don't know if when I hit play if I'm gunna hear another advertisement or finally hear about some actual cryptids.  Edit: I hit play and he started advertising the future of the series. He started talking about Bigfoot at 10:30 but I honestly expect him to "Oh wait, one last thing" me before he finishes talking about the large footed fellow.
i love how some of these were in scooby doo
Growing up in northern Michigan, in a log cabin out in the woods, the dogman was my number one fear. My grandpa would occasionally play the song on a loud speaker when I played in the woods and I would sprint back, absolutely terrified.
The NHL team that was named after the Jersey Devil not being mentioned is criminal.
Bigfoot is the lorax
I messaged the Michigan Dogman guy on Facebook and he sent me his dvd lol
I had never heard of Champie until today and I'm shocked and offended they didn't get AT LEAST B tier. I just want Champie to succeed.
A great video from a great iceberg boy
Iceberg Boy’s back!
Jassuzzz! over 7 minutes in and still no actual content! I feel like I was scammed... giving up
Danger! Wendigoon
Ahhh the icerberg... time to sit back, lean and rest the legs. Take a sip of this here McDonalds Sprite and peacefully say, "ooo that sprite is crispy" and smile while I listen to Wendigoon.
Video starts at 10:27, Jesus Christ
10 minutes yapping before the list even starts, way to hold peoples attention
I feel like rating the yeti lower than bigfoot is disrespectful because they both give credence to each other, while still being unique in their own right.
Iceberg video begins at 10:31   Skip to this if you want the Iceberg content.
Speaking of mothman, before i knew about it, i had the scariest dream/nightmare and just straight up scariest moment of my life about a humanoid moth guy. It wasnt anything too scary, yet i was more terrified than ive ever been, i was at the top of my basement stairs just chatting with my sister, and i just glanced down and noticed it staring at me, my sister disappeared and my house became decrepit, i couldnt look away from it or move, i started uncontrollably shaking and loud shrieking sounds were all i could hear and i was thinking to myself: "Run! Run! I can't.. i can't run.. i'm gonna die. i'm dead.. i'm dead.." and then i woke up feeling like i had experienced what it's like to accept death. I dont dream often but that dream is one of the reasons i love dreams, being able to feel stuff i would otherwise never feel is just really cool, my favorite dreams are the ones where i die.
Expedition Everest is my favorite roller coaster and no joke, is what made me want to learn about the history and culture of Tibet.  A Mode in and of itself feels like a cryptid moment for that ride.
“It’s Scary, weird, and it looks cool so I’m putting it in A tier” nuff said Wendigoon
I like it better in parts and then compiled, it gives time to investigate and then see the whole view
Great video. Disgusting font on the iceberg poster lol.
Lauren Coleman, S-tier cryptid
Most of this tier is just that one island in Poptropica
I've been watching since like 30k subs and it's awesome to see how much this channel has grown. Keep up the amazing work. You deserve it
he starts at 10:30
the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. plush was a great tease
It's funny you mention the yeti as a bigfoot off-brand. Since my reaction when i learned about bigfoot/sasquatch as a child was 'what? That's literally just an american yeti'
u are my lifeline
i live very close to where the dog man myth started
Thank you, Iceberg Boy
The cryptozoology museum was one the best outings my dad and I had when I was a kid
Last week, Japanese scientists placed explosive detonators at the bottom of Lake Loch Ness... To blow Nessie out of the water... Sir Curt Godfrey of the Nessie Alliance. Summoned the help of Scotland's local wizards to cast a protective spell over the lake and its local residents. And all those who seek for the peaceful existence of our underwater ally.
I needed this today thanks iceberg boy
I knew a guy who had a Jackalope taxidermy in his house and on the mount there was a plaque that said “Jackalope killed from the top of a tree 6000 yards with a throwing knife at midnight during a thunderstorm” and when I was little I just kinda accepted it as a real thing.
Leaving a comment to help the algorithm and can’t wait to see more
I dont know what a "Goblin Universe" is, but i think i was born on the wrong plane of existence.
One thing we should all know about Bigfoot:  HE EATS BABIES.
If this gets hyper regional at any point I'd like to suggest the Monkey Woman and Monkey Woman Bridge from Rutherford County, TN.
Sweet Corvette plaque in the back 😄
Re the thylacine, I think you may have missed the "cryptid" aspect that doesn't make it A tier as it is proven to have existed but makes it able to be included in the tier and that is that people genuinely believe this create has a secret population and claim to have seen it recently. They wander around the forests setting up camera traps etc like big foot.
Weedigoon is a officially a sellout, 10 minutes before he gets to the actual video
It’s gererrrrrrrreeeee!!!!!!!! Yeahhhh I can’t even spell I’m so excited!!!!
Dogman is just a furry
I am a huge skeptic but I fucking love Wendigoon
Hey! I've got that hoodie too! Glad to know we have similar fashion senses
Crazy how you didn't mention that the first chupacabra sighting was literally the witness remembering the movie Species and thinking it was real
Video starts at 10.30
Finally found one of those hard-to-come-by round tuits, eh? Great episode, brother.
Where's the Cryptid that made you waste 10 minutes until you got to the video?  You've got an ad read and all the stuff you have to plug, but my brother in Christ, bullet point that shit. You've done far better in the past and I'm all here for long videos from you but cut the bloat. That was more than a fourth of the video.
Bro you have good content but damn, over 10 min of lead up and ads is way too much. Try breaking up up through the video, like thanking the sponsor rq at the start then doing an actual plug halfway through. Glad you’re doing well though
10:30 minutes of gahhbage before the iceberg even starts.. coulda summed that up in 90 seconds. Lame YT’r thing
Let’s all guess on when he’ll finish this project. I think he’ll finish it the week between Christmas and new years.
I'd have easily swapped Mothman and the Kraken in the tierlist. I probably think about the Kraken once a week, and it embodies thalassophobia even for people who wouldn't normally experience it. I forget about Mothman unless someone brings him up, and I don’t even know how I'm supposed to feel about him.
The Jackalope seems to be derived from the Wolpertinger, which is a taxidermic mixture of even more animals, with a hare or rabbit usually being the main piece, but it might as well be a fox or a squirrel/chipmunk. Many inns in southern Germany or Austria sported one on a sill above the guest room.
3:20 almost four years in and he still doesn't know what a wendigo is beautiful start
oh shit as a Vermonter i'm happy to see Champ get some love!
Remember when Poptropica had a cryptid island
iceberg boy
10:28 Is whete the Video Starts
the thylacine is a cryptid bc people speculate there’s still living ones
I just watched 10 minutes or intro… how does this man stay entertaining?
I'd like nominate Wendigoon's wife for *all* future cryptid butt touching! I mean, if she's okay with it and all!
vid starts at 9:50 ...
would Jesus be defined as a cryptid. real question
only 35 minutes? for shame
HOW DID I MISS THIS?? I’ve been so excited!!
I live in Maine and have visited the museum, it’s 100% with the trip up here for anyone interested in visiting!
I just love so much your vids, keep it up my broh
Yeti at B but some random moth thing at S? Too much burger bias, I'm out
I was looking forward to you taking about wendigo
10 minute intro on a 35 min video is crazy
Champie being in D is INSANEEE I lived in Vermont for 3 years and the guy is a HUGE icon there. You cannot go a day without seeing Champie references EVERYWHERE, even if you aren't close to Lake Champlain.   I really recommend visiting Vermont if you ever have the chance. It's such a unique state, and my favorite of the states I've lived in.
10:00 video starts
i'm lowkey obsessed with the thylacine. these are so so SO incredibly beautiful and interesting animals, and while that goes for all animals, extinct and alive, the story of their extinction is just so profoundly tragic and just "humans are shitballs" in a nutshell.  they were hunted mercilessly because sheep farmers thought of them as these bloodthirsty beasts that would come to kill their sheep; basically the same story as with wolves, with the exception that one, wolves were far spread enough to survive humanity's manic outburst of dominating nature, and two, it was later found that thylacines were too small and had too weak jaws to wrestle and kill a whole ass sheep. so they were genocided because of people's distaste for any living being that they perceived as an inconvenience. the tragedy doesn't stop there though. the last two specimens of thylacines were kept in a zoo, and you know how zoos used to be so much worse. their pen was a small concrete area with a chainlink fence. there are videos where visitors are provoking them, bringing dogs along to the fence, hitting the fence and just in general severely and VISIBLY stressing the two out FOR FUN. the female eventually died, leaving the male alone for years in this hellhole, until he died, but not of old age, but very likely due to exposure after being locked out of the shelter during a cold night, so he froze to death. the last member of a whole species died because someone couldn't give a shit. also fun fact, from what info we still have today, the female was never given a name and was just "the male's partner". the male was referred to as Benjamin.  really, humans didn't just hunt them to extinction, they tortured them to extinction. and as much as i wish this wonderful species survived this ordeal somehow, i doubt it.
You are on it doggonit!!!  Can't wait for more cryptid content!
To save everyone time he doesn’t actually start until 10:30 in the video
Starts at 10:25.
I wish I could subscribe twice, Wendigang gang!!
10:30
Iceberg boy becoming an iceberg man
“Mothman is S-tier.  If we’re gonna be doing all this and not put Mothman at S-tier, what are doing here?”  Couldn’t agree more.  Top-tier cryptid.
Video starts at 10:30
A whole ass 10min of nothing
this is the first time i actually liked the advert product. imma buy some
„Loch“ is the scottish word for lake, so saying „Lake Loch Ness“ is like saying thai tea or salsa sauce
yayy wendigoon upload me happy
10 of minutes yapping
Oh wow i have the same hoodie as wendigoon, what a coincidence
Iceberg boy return :D
0:49 bloop/r'lyen connection sounds like a dope rap album
I saw someone at my high school with ur merch on
9:50 video starts
Unrelated to the video, just finished playing an indie game called dredge, it’s a pretty simple fishing game with an H.P. Lovecraft vibe. Think you would really enjoy it 😊
My first thought when you mentioned the tier list was "mothman better be in S tier"🤣
Cryptozoology museum is kinda silly if you ever visited it. Fun place tho.
BURG BOY!!! HES BACK!!!
Stinky Bigfoot
God damn that video took 10 mins to start
Can’t wait for the ManBearPig section
as a florida native one of our local cryptid lunatics once came to a convention and yelled about skunk ape for like 20 minutes. he always looks grainy in images, and mr cryptid was giving a speech on whether the ape has the ability to mess with cameras via magnetic interference, or if it simply looks jpeg compressed all the time. it was a blast
Jackalopes are just American drop bears
Bro it took 10min until the real video started
Chupacabra at C but jackelope at B should be a sin. I don’t understand how DJ making a song about dogman to create it is not cool, but basically the same origin story with some guy taxidermy is cool
The thylacine is a crypted becuse people claim its still out there abd nzot extinct  Lots of evidence on that one actuall
3.27 million subs can't figure out how light work
16:00 The Booty She-Warrior: The Prequel
Yuuuuh another sleeping vid for me
I’ve been goonin for some new wendigoon
More than 10 minutes of set-up
Ww2 video when?
it took you 10 whole minutes just to start the actual iceberg
Love it! Unrelated question I only trust this community for: Creepypasta recs. I've done Penpal and Borrasca. Looking for something similar, grounded in reality, and well written.
YO HOLD TF UP YOU NEED TO ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF SASSY AND BIG LEZ
I cringed so hard at your pronunciation of “Thylacine” 😬 it’s pronounced thyla-SEEN
This video has a 10 minute into talking about what you are going to talk about.
Me waiting patiently in the corner for Wendigoon to cover the Wendigo
How could you not smack that shinny metal butt?! Took the family on a road trip and we had to make a stop. Museum is cool. Town is nice and the residents are super friendly.
Another iceburg from iceburg boy
10 minutes to start the video is wild.
ten minutes to even get the video started, jfc.
Nice void of 10min at the start of the video :)
Chupacabra will always be number one in my heart
Please cover the Bibendum Entity and Skeletoids
MICHIGAN DOGMAN MENTIONED RAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Iceberg boy delivers
If Mothman didn't get S tier I was going to give up on the entire series. Glad that the right choice was made.
#21 on trending!?
wendigoon promotes cryptozoo scam 32:40
My dude went to Arizona with his uber religious dad, probably his sister's wedding. His dad will just not talk about what they saw, refused to do more than confirm it happened.     Apparently they saw a big coyote looking and sized thing fly over and around their car with a pair of bat wings out in the desert. It wasn't just an animal passing as far as they were concerned. It paid attention to them for a bit and terrified them.      This was before cell phones and he wrote a letter. Reading it you'd just think it was fiction. But his pop acted like my grandfather did if you'd ask him what he saw while liberating a camp in WW2. His pop was traumatized by it no joke. Whatever it was it was real enough for him.
How can this only be part 1? Isn't this most of them?
Iceberg starts at 10:28 This has to be the longest intro I've seen, lol
Wendigoon I love you but 10 minutes in and the video still hasn’t started holy shit😭
The Jersey Devil scared me so bad as a kid, mainly because there was this island level from Poptropica, an online adventure game (for those who are unfamiliar). There was an island (each island had a different story/theme) that was all about Cryptids. It had the basics like Bigfoot, Nessie, and the Chupacabra. Then, it had you go to New Jersey to find proof of the Jersey Devil. It had you wander through the woods at night until you found an old abandoned house. You walked through the house, found nothing, but as you were leaving, a figure of the Jersey Devil staring at you through the window before you followed it outside and it flew off. All this to say that this cartoony picture of the Jersey Devil scared the shit out of child me, as well as many others my age 😂. It was my first introduction into cryptozoology and the Jersey Devil, and now, like 10+ years later, I still remember it fondly
Why was 10 minutes of this just setup
The Thylacine is actually believed to still be alive by several people who travel in and out of the jungles of Tasmania. And it has been reportedly seen by these people.
Intro was way too long dude
Stfu this vid starts at the 10 min mark
I know you will never see this, but my dad was the town barber of Point Pleasant during the Mothman events. He gave me a whole lot of firsthand stories. Something that isn't mentioned a lot is the sheer amount of UFO sightings that were seen during that time frame. My whole family lives in Gallipolis or Point Pleasant and most of them lost somebody they knew on the Silver Bridge. My mom's school teacher died on it. My mom was approaching it when it fell. She is still terrified of bridges.
Was this the idea from the convo in the ship when you played Lethal Company with Charlie, Connor and Jackson?
Nice one iceberg boy
Video starts at 10:30
Happy to find your channel :)
Oh my good lord mothman is absolutely caked
10min intro bruh damn hurry up
No cap as a kid I read every cryptid book in my school library I still remember the Dewey decimal system was 398.2
I like to think that the Dogman, has the body of prime Arnold Schwarzenegger and the head of a Shitzu.
Really good video. Brought back some old memories of hearing spooky stories from my older brother. 👍
dude I like your content but OMG THE VIDEO ONLY ACTUALLY STARTS AT 10:25 STOP YAPPING AND GET TO THE POINT OH MY GOSH DUDE
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
i literally graduated basic training the day this vid came out. 🎉
video starts at 10:30
4:23 “but we are initiated, aren’t we wendigoon”
i dont think i could even describe in words how happy this upload made me
we loved it.
I think the idea about the Thylacine being on the list is that there are supposedly sightings of them still being alive
i just gotta say that i love the skeleton with the cowboy hat that is also wearing a "i am kenough" sweater, that's a whole vibe
So happy to see iceberg boy is back
10 min in and we just got done with the ad part of the video...
Whelp, this is gonna be good
Dan Aykroyd
Video starts 5:30
If it's in Scotland it's a Loch never a lake.
RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH WYOMING MENTIONED!!!!!!!!!!! WTF IS A POPULATED AREA?!?!?!?!?!?!
Finding Bigfoot is the One Piece of Animal Planet
Perfect time to wear my Wendigoon hoodie 😁
Dude...one third of this video is ads wtf
The Thylacine was not found in New Zealand but rather in Papua New Guinea(new Zealand has no native mammals other than bats).  Additionally, the reason it's a Cryptid is not because it went extinct and is a cool reminder of what used to exist, it's because there are a lot of people that still think it does exist and there are people and organisations that are still looking for them.
Thylacine - Thy-lah-seen --> from a Tasmanian. Love the video!
mothman is really funny to me cause it was literally just an owl, but humans are cool and made a cool ass creature out of it.
Nnnice
Bro, waited 10 minutes till actually made a video
hello mr. goon. its okay.
Why they give the Mothman statue such a DONK tho
Cryptids! 🎉🎉🎉
Masallah, habibi has yet again uploaded a banger.
Wasting one-third of the video on introductions and ads is just so uncool of you, man. Please don't let the numbers ruin your vibe
It's like he's hitting the tip of the iceberg 😂 I'll be here all week
I had heard of all of these, but I love cryptids. SO, Please, please please go on I would love to hear of those I never have before. BYE!
video start at 10:30
FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Video starts at 10:26
Wendi please....you dont need to say “Lake Loch Ness” Loch means Lake
Bro started the video 15 minute after
tiktok told me that nessie was probably a photo taken of a whale's...appendage i'm gonna keep believing she's a dinosaur and politely turn my head away from the photos...
Love how he describes Tasmania as if it is its own country. Kind of true, even us Aussies don’t claim them 😂
For me, the Jackalope is A-Tier just for it's wholesome origin story of some Hillbillies just trolling everyone.
LETS GOOOOOOO
Video starts at 10:25
There is also a creature named Tessie very similar to nessie and champie in lake Tahoe, there is a story of someone bringing a sub to the bottom of the lake and refusing to share any of photos or information from the expedition claiming the world wouldn't be ready for it, that makes it kinda unique I guess 😂
Funny thing about the Jackalope is that the exact same thing happened in Bavaria/Austria. Here we have the Wolpertinger, which similiarily came from joke taxidermies and is kind of an inside joke
YES!YES!YES!YES!
10 minute intro lol
Jackalope-like cryptids are very widespread throughout Europe, mainly in the Germanic region though.  In my area we have the Rasselbock which are rabbits with roe deer horns, which allegedly live in the  forested mountains of Thuringia.   In Bavaria they have the Wolpertinger which is a rabbit with deer antlers, fangs and pheasant or duck wings. It allegedly lives in the alpine forests in Southern Bavaria and Austria. In Austria they're known as Raurakl.  Further to the west a similar creature called the Dilldapp exists around the Swiss German border area.  In Sweden they have the Skvader which is a rabbit with wood grouse wings.  Another interesting, but more jokingly talked about cryptic from my tegion is the Hanghuhn. It's name comes from the word "Hang" (hillside, slope) and "Huhn" (chicken) and it is a chicken with 2 differently long legs because it's standing on the hillsides of the Thuringian Forest all day.
Lock Ness monster is cool because of its simplicity. It invokes a sense of wonder. It doesn’t need to be more complicated and beats out most of the boring-ass tryhards on this list.
booo. a 35 minute video and the first 10 minutes are nothing but an overly long channel update and shilling some disgusting swamp water in a tube?
Wendigoon, I love you man, but 10 MINUTES? SERIOUSLY😂😂😂
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
10:33 until you actually start the list, holy shit my guy
A man with the head as a giant nose that smells crime and runs around on all fours like a dog played by dolph lungren
Babe wake up Wendigoon dropped a new iceberg
Guys this comment is 6 hours before the 2nd wendigoon figure
I am so very attracted to this man
Just a little heads up, Thylacine is pronounced with the “c” as an “s” sound Thigh-La-Seen
11min to start a video? Seriously? Get a grip dude
Nice job iceberg boy
Putting kraken at B is criminal
I just wanted to say how happy I am to see this. Also The Jersey Devil was what got me interested in cryptids and it's because of the old PS1 game Jersey Devil.
it's about time 🔥
So Dogman is just a budget Anubis?
10 minutes before you start talking about the iceberg is a bit too much
The first 10 minutes are ads.  Crap kida, real crap
When does he start the video
Video starts at 10:30
So there’s no difference between wendigo and wendigoon your saying ? Ok.
Scottish biologist here  "Lake Loch Ness". It's just Loch Ness. It's a loch and this one is called Loch Ness  Thyalcines (pronounced thigh-la-seen) are on the iceberg because there are still claims of sightings and their recent range includes Australia and Papua New Guinea, which both have extremely remote locations with very low human populations. If any thylacines are still out there, it's possible they're in a Papuan forest or the middle of Australia and supposed sightings do exist  The thylacine was not native to New Zealand. You might be thinking of Tasmania, which is where it gets its common name: Tasmanian Tiger (not to be confused with the extant Tasmanian Devil)
"Thigh-La-Seen"   What the fuck did you say?
You should do a follow up video on room 1046. When I first heard the story it really made me interested in the case. The more I look into it the more it confuses me. I love the content keep doing what you love!
1/3rd of the video is ads
Stoked for the next 1
I’m so so so freaking excited for this series!!!!!! These next episodes are going to be awesome and I can’t wait for the final super cut. Keep up the amazing work Wendigoon ❤️
I mean if I wrecked a perfectly good boat because I’m a drunk captain in the 1700s and didn’t wanna be punished my friend the kraken could take the blame
The cryptid iceberg begins at 10:30
I can't wait until wendigoon covers the "wendigoon iceberg" iceberg where he tells us about all the creators who will inevitably do iceberg videos of his iceberg videos. Icebergception.
Waiting on the sandwich iceberg
Dogman is underrated. My favorite cryptid.
Ok Wendi kissing the plushie he knocked over was 1. unbelievably adorable and 2. something I would absolutely do myself 😂
Don't forget.
Wait, so does that mean dinosaurs are cryptids?????
I had an engineering class in junior high where we had to do a presentation on some kind of bridge. Naturally I chose the Silver Bridge in Point Pleasant and spent most of my presentation ranting about Mothman. My teacher wasn't amused.
Christmas came early and so did I
The return of the iceberg boy
An entire series about fantasy and BS… I can appreciate that.
Your pronunciation of Thylacine made me lol. It’s thigh-luh-seen. Great video.
almost 10 minutes before the video starts. damn this changed
Which means the most … viewership , or the sponsorship ? Only one can be the most . At least according to the definition of words .
I’m from Virginia and can confirm people either love mothman or are terrified of him Sidenote: Can’t discredit his wife mothman caked up
im really glad 10 mins of that was pretty muich all bullshit lol
"Lake Loch Ness" is a tautology, buddy, "Loch" means "Lake" (and I won't speak for my whole country or anything but it's preferable to refer to them as Lochs in the abstract <3)
Dogman is the opposite of puppygirl
I live in the town where the Chupacabra was originally sighted (Moca, Puerto Rico) and I remember my grandpa telling me stories about the creature and I would shit my pants. With that being said, I kinda agree with your placement because of how lame the legend became in other hispanic countries. With that being said, the original Puerto Rican chupacabra is gnarly as fuck
IMO the kraken should be A or S tier because they’re the only one with a Hockey team. So until we get the West Virginia Mothmen I’m on team Kraken all the way.
I'm so happy you are doing cryptids.  I love them all so much
video starts at 9:55 btw
10:30 is where the vid starts
love you dawg but 10 mins is way to long to an intro you gotta space things out better or just plug things in other vids
My mans has a full 10 minute intro and ad break
The jersey devil is particularly evil because it gave birth to the most annoying fan base in hockey
Resubbed!
funny, jackalopes are just a type of wolpertinger, a german cryptid. did wyoming had a lot of german settlers?
Why was the thylocine even on yhe list it's not even arguably a cryptid
I really can’t wait to see what Wendigoon says about Dan Aykroyd
I got so excited when Wendigoon mentioned Puerto Rico, not a lot of people reference us for it when it originally came from our lore.  Te ganaste una botella de coquito por esa 🫡
What’s your favorite cryptid?  I love the Fresno Nightcrawlers. They’re just cute pants having a nighttime stroll. They’re not hurting anyone. 🥹
I dont buy it.  This is Wendi's Cryptid smash tier list. He is looking us straight in the eyes and saying he would clap those moth man cheeks
Minor correction: The Thylacine was not native to New Zealand, the only native mammals we have (on land) are bat's :)
I enjoyed.
If you like plushes and cryptids cuddlycryptids is amazing. They are made so good and they are so cute. I got a wendigo and they have a Krampus right now. It is totally worth the money.
Mr. Holy One's free energy generator is a game-changer in the field of renewable energy. Unlike traditional methods of power generation, which rely on limited resources and produce harmful emissions, this innovative device harnesses the power of magnets to create clean and sustainable electricity. The generator's design is not only efficient but also compact, making it suitable for a wide range of applications. Whether it's powering small electronic devices or providing electricity to remote areas, this groundbreaking invention has the potential to transform the way we access and use energy.  His groundbreaking invention has the potential to revolutionize the way we harness and utilize energy. With the free energy generator, we can reduce our dependence on fossil fuels and move towards a more sustainable future. The ability to convert magnetic energy into electrical power opens up endless possibilities for powering homes, businesses, and even entire cities. Mr. Holy One's dedication and innovative thinking have paved the way for a cleaner and greener world. As word spreads about this remarkable invention, it is only a matter of time before it becomes a widely adopted solution to our energy needs.  Furthermore, the free energy generator not only offers a sustainable alternative to traditional energy sources but also presents a cost-effective solution. By eliminating the need for expensive fuel and reducing reliance on external energy providers, individuals and communities can significantly reduce their energy expenses. This breakthrough technology has the potential to level the playing field, allowing even the most remote and underprivileged areas to access reliable and affordable electricity. As more people embrace this innovation, we can envision a future where energy poverty becomes a thing of the past, and everyone has equal opportunities for growth and development.  Moreover, the free energy generator has the added benefit of being environmentally friendly. Unlike traditional energy sources that contribute to pollution and climate change, this innovative technology harnesses renewable resources such as solar or wind power. By utilizing these clean energy sources, we can reduce our carbon footprint and mitigate the harmful effects of greenhouse gas emissions. This not only benefits the planet but also improves the overall health and well-being of individuals and communities. With the free energy generator, we can pave the way towards a greener and more sustainable future.  Furthermore, the free energy generator not only helps in reducing pollution and combating climate change but also offers economic benefits. By utilizing renewable resources, we can decrease our dependence on fossil fuels, which are not only finite but also subject to price fluctuations. The free energy generator provides a stable and reliable source of power, reducing the vulnerability of communities to energy price hikes. This technology also opens up opportunities for job creation and economic growth in the renewable energy sector. As more individuals and businesses adopt this innovative solution, we can foster a thriving green economy that supports sustainable development and improves the quality of life for all. hho generator technology  Moreover, the free energy generator has the potential to revolutionize the way we generate and distribute electricity. With its ability to harness renewable resources such as solar, wind, and hydro power, this technology offers a sustainable and environmentally friendly alternative to traditional energy sources. By tapping into these clean energy options, we can significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate the impacts of climate change. Additionally, the free energy generator can be implemented on both large and small scales, making it accessible to communities of all sizes. This democratization of energy production empowers individuals and local businesses to take control of their energy needs and contribute to a greener future.  Furthermore, the free energy generator not only provides a reliable and consistent source of electricity but also offers economic benefits. By reducing our dependence on fossil fuels, this technology can help decrease energy costs in the long run. The implementation of free energy generators can create job opportunities in the renewable energy sector, stimulating economic growth and fostering innovation. Moreover, the decentralized nature of this technology ensures energy security, as it is less vulnerable to disruptions caused by natural disasters or geopolitical conflicts. This resilience allows communities to maintain essential services and function independently during challenging times. Overall, the free energy generator represents a transformative solution that not only addresses environmental concerns but also brings about positive social and economic change.
I truly can’t wait for the rest of the Cryptid iceberg
Hey Wendi, first off love you and your work. Just a heads up from an Aussie, the last syllable of thylacine is pronounced like 'seen'. Keen for the rest of the series and your takes on the bunyip and drop bear
“Cryptids” are just modern day mythical creatures, but are used for creepypastas rather than out of delusion or superstition (usually)  In our more enlightened day and age, rationality disproves any possibility of these things ever existing.
Iceberg boy making a banger!
Well, I wasn't going to say anything, but since you asked, Wendigoon: I absolutely loved this first part of the iceberg, and can't wait to see the next!
Loved the video. Had some unique criptid creatures I never heard of like Champie and a Jacklope which were cool and had others butched to death by pop culture and also cleared up some confusion I had with an X-Files episode to do with the blood sucker. But as for the thylocine or as most of us Aussies say thigh-la-scene as we pronounce it as. It is heavily debated that it could very much be alive and kicking still as some grainy footage had surfaced last year I think it was. Showing a cub and its mother in it. The bloke that filmed it crossed it with experts and Aboriginals that track animals for a living and confirmed it wasn't some wild dog of known origins but soming bigger. It kinda walks like a big cat but similar build of what Americans call coyote. Its a weird unit going by the grainy footage.
I love MothMan. He was the first Cryptid I remember researching intensely back when I was about 10 years old. It's just such a shame to me that he's kinda become a... Hot Topic Cryptid. No longer does mothman get attention for being MothMan, it's "Oh look at this cute little chibi!" "Oh look! Mothman but in PRIDE colors!" "Oh look! MothMan but he's cuddled up to the Flatwoods Monster!" I get parody, but there comes a point where it feels like he just became an accessory, and it makes me sad...
I like this boy how I like my icebergs
Thyla-Seen
Finally oh my god I’ve only been waiting this for a year+
10:25 iceberg starts
0/10 jackalope got shorted
Were the proportions of the statue be true, you could spot Mothman in the sky simply be following the clap of those buns
As a Mainer I’m happy Wendigoon’s content has given me a museum to visit
God damn haha 10 minutes until you start the list is crazy. Love ya though!❤
Wendigoon becoming a sell out 😒
“The road” video! We want you’re thoughts on “the road”!!
Starts at @10:15 🤦🏽‍♂️
Champie is Nosey, from Lake Nose.
did you at least pass for your chupacabra paper?
It's okay to rank crytids by cuteness, just saying
Chupacabra is what the Skunk Ape is for you lmao, they used to spam scary images on TV when I was a kid.
Iceberg Guy is really killing it recently
Not only is this a early Christmas but a early bifday gift
For @Wendigoon and anyone interested in the Jackalope, my former English professor Mike Branch published a book about this cryptid in particular and his extensive research about it. He travelled all over the US to get first-person interviews and it’s SUPER interesting and fun. It’s called “On the Trail of the Jackalope” and it’s listed on his author website. Love your videos, Wendigoon!!
3:40 If Squonk isn’t in S or A tier I will unsubscribe
Damn right Mothman is S-Tier, incredible cryptid
Texas Big Bird?
Video starts 10:30 😖
imma be honest, liked the video purely because of the giant corvette logo. havent even watched it yet.
Parlangua, swamp bogeyman. He’s half alligator and the other half man. Son don’t you go when you hear the call of the swamp water booger, the parlangua.
1/3 of the vid is nothing
I hope ogopogo will be mentioned as a First Nation from Canada I love him
I’ve seen a creature as a kid which has not been recorded, it was a flying arachnid, but who knows what else is out there or has gone extinct.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
the skunk ape is just sassy
I have similiar feelings of the Skunk Ape. I am from Florida and the idea that this wretched monster lives in swamps full of gators, panthers, and every other kind of safari monster. It is scarier than Bigfoot classic.
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I appreciate the 10 mins of filler before the actual video like tf 😭
Yo my hoodie came in today. Very comfy
I wonder if Wendigoon has ever watched The Secret Saturdays...
Thyla-scene is how it’s pronounced
ily iceberg boy!!!
leeeeeets go finally dog man get his respect 😤😤
Wendigoon, you should do a meet up or video with the UFC fighter Arman Tsarukyan because I swear that dude is your doppelgänger. The two of you look so much alike its hilarious
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!(vocal chords stopped working)
im starting to wondering if wendigoon is biased and is just putting cryptids that are more likely to be real in lower tiers
CoD video when :v
Ooooooooeee listen to that new sound quality
In my area there have been two really weird disappearance. First was Mark Riesberg, 53, who disappeared, leaving his wallet and phone behind but taking his car. His last know contact was on October 28th. 15 miles away another man went missing, this being truck driver David Schultz, 53. The police have found his semi with a load of hogs parked in the middle of the road. His wallet and phone were found in the cab and his jacket was found in a near by ditch. Beyond that nobody knows anything. The last time anyone talked to him was in the early hours of Tuesday November 21. The current investigation is being led by the Sacs County police here in Iowa.
Kraken in B-Tier is a SIN. Great vid tho
was watching with my 5th grade class today i expressed  much joy when i saw the beginning of the cryptid iceberg on Wendigoons channel and we all listened
Jersey devil is s tier and second only to the beast of gevudan
Tiedye hoodie + large cowboy hat  👍
Interestingly enough, the jackalope myth probably originated from seeing rabbits suffering from shope papillomavirus, or a type of bad warts that a rabbit can get that will grow into large growths from their heads- I've seen rabbits that appear to have "horns" because of this common disease. Most likely the jackalope started with someone talking about one of these afflicted rabbits and grew from there!
ALSO BEFORE ALSO BEFORE AND ALSO BEFORE
THIS INTRO FUCKING SUCKS 😩
This video isn't 4 hours; why would I watch it?
Manbearbig
I spent the first 7min of this so hyped up and I now wish he was a time traveler so I could watch the rest at work
commenting before watching the video. i super hope this ice berg has the albatwitch on it- a southern central pennsylvania kind of sasquatch thats most unique for throwing apples at people for some reason
What about a virus/sickness/disease iceberg?
video starts at 10:30 btw
I know nothing about Champie, but the fact that its just a sweet sea monster that wants friends is so cute that i'm ENRAGED THAT YOU PUT THEM IN D HOW DARE YOU
This is good we get 10+ min. of before we get into the program BS. I hope we have time for the program !
Me like it
i've been obsessed with thylacines as long as i can remember, as i always loved learning about marsupials and extinct animals. i took three psychic damage each time you said "thy-lo-kind" lmao
If you are impatient: 10:31
I’m from Southern NJ! When I was in Boy Scouts, we’d go camping in the Pine Barrens every summer. When we were there, at least one night every camping trip someone would tell the story of the Jersey Devil. Totally believed in it as a kid. Love having a mythos like that for the place where I’m from!
LOL i had the exact same experience with skunk ape, was waiting for the picture to pop up bc it still gives me chills. Younger me hated him
W content.
Please do more of these. Loved this!
From wyoming. Jackalopes are thought to be real here. I didn't know it was just a legend until a few years ago
You should do a video on the dinosaurs living in Mount Baekdu lake in North Korea
I have a skunk ape theory, and I wonder if it has been explored before.  Have you ever farted in the shower, and noticed that it smells worse than a fart under normal circumstances? (I promise I’m going somewhere with this).  It’s because the humidity in the shower actually increases the ease with which scent travels, which is arguably also why in tropical areas scents and tastes (as a biproduct of the olfactory senses) seems so dialled up.   What if the skunk ape and Bigfoot are the same, smelly creature, but because the Everglades are notoriously hot and humid, the smell is both intensified because they are living in the heat, sweating more, and also the scent travels stronger through the humid air?  I also think that this theory increases the likelihood of both creatures’ existence, as this is a genuine scientific phenomenon we know about, that is well proven and if citizens of both areas of the country saw something similar with this being the primary distinction, they wouldn’t necessarily know why. Not well enough to lie about it but not state a reason for it. It seems…true.  Anyway, that’s my hot, stinky take.
Brother you took ten and a half minutes to start the damn video. Almost a third of the video was spent not talking about the subject of the video. At this point just put your advertisements in a separate video; this is getting ridiculous.
I'm pumped
10:25 video starts
Jesus that intro...before i begin..before i begin...before i begin 😂
I hate moth's their dust terrifies me.  Like wtf.  why do you release dust when you fly?!?!??!?!?  STOP IT!!!
Lol, here in nz we also have a few myths like the jackalope, one about an actual native birds, cuz most people dont know much about my country most people will beleive us lol
YES
babe wake up new wendigoon video
Are you gonna do the ratman from gta 5
Important to note that the Skunk Ape should not be confused with Skank Ape
FFKFKKKKK YYEEAAHHH Back to the roots, love you bro. I wish you could be in one of the unsubscribe podcast episodes again, it was so nice seeing you with those guys. ❤
SLAYYYYYY
I LOVE YOU YOUR SO COOL DUDE
Fun fact , Josh Gates is actually known to be  responsible for some of the best yeti evidence in modern times
ICE BERG BOY! ICE BERG BOY! ICE BERG BOY! ICE BERG BOY!
I have family by lake champlain and go there semi often, somehow this is the first time I've heard of champie
daddy wendigoon
daddy wendigoon
How did it take 10 minutes 30 seconds to get to the first cryptid? bruh
I genuinely enjoy your work and your videos, but I've noticed it takes you a while to get into the video. For this video, it takes you 10 minutes to actually get into a 35 minute video. That's ridiculous.
Oh shit, Baikal lake monster. If you know, you know (too much)
Wheres the cod zombies videoo
the only cyptid that matters is the flatwoods monster (also before this video I didn’t know she was also called braxie thats so cute)
Video actually starts at 10:29
Commenting to help with the algorithm
Tier list start at 10:30
The best part of this video was hands-down your wife touching the Mothman statue’s butt. I positively chortled!
Love you Wendy, and i know you have to get your prelude in there. But the intro was kinda long, my dude. It's all good, though.  Just maybe try to trim that down next time.
29:15 TOOTHLESS!
Very long intro...maybe a time stamp where you get into the actual iceberg. 10 and a half minutes in before the iceberg starts is a bit long
The video actually starts at 10:30
The background music was exactly the right volume that at many points it sounded like someone shaving their balls with an electric razor for 30 min.  Great video otherwise!
im literally from gallipolis which is the city that silver bridge connected to. the moth-man is a large part of this section of Appalachian culture. i used to cater for the festival it’s amazing
After watching the first 6 minutes, I'm more curious about your skin care routine. Skin is GLOWING
bigfoot is the most boring useless unimaginative cryptid ever .. Murica .. I tell you
😢
Woo
I love that you did an 8th grade project on the chupacabra.
Me screaming like mad because CRYPTIDS
Here in Brazil we have sightings of the infamous "Chupa-Cu de Goianinha" going around for some years, so you may want to have a look at it. S-tier definetely.
10:30 is when he actually starts if you wanna skip the intro...
Yoooo, I just got my Wendigoon hoodie on Monday and it's the same color as Wendi's
mmmmm no concuerdo con lo del kraken wendigun pero de lo demass todo bn te kiero mucho 👍
As someone from latin america who has seen the effects of the chupacabras, it's got to be in S tier
Iceberg Boy is back baby!
Yay
10:27 For those of you who want to cut to the chase already
does wendigoon drive a corvette
why is this preamble like 11 minutes long
12:21 Man really said "Lake Loch Ness"
Personally very disappointed that you'd rag on the Dogman because he only appeared after a song was written about him, like, c'mon you just released a two-hour video about tulpas
I thought Christmas was a month away 🎉
9:58 to skip the ad and all that yapping
Dan Akroyd being on a cryptid iceberg is menacing
Literally the best christmas gift
The Dogman was just a furry without the suit.
I can't believe that the Grey Aliens didn't make an appearance in the first tier of the iceberg. I hope they show up later
10min intro L so annoying wow going to watch jcs inspired instead
Babe! Wendigon dropped an iceberg video! ( I’m alone in my room)
Is the movie still happening?
I've been to that museum in Portland ME, a really cool place! Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and interested in cryptids.
Thylacine is pronounced thy-la-seen :)
I listened to this on the train back after a long day at work and can't wait for more. If you don't continue the series what else am I supposed to listen to? The drunks arguments and Welsh train announcements? Do please continue. Can't wait for the 5 hour compilation once the series is complete to.
YASSSS!!!!!!! Christmas did come early 😍
more like cryptmas, amirite
I'm sorry wendigoon but 6 mins intro 2 mins ad and another 2 mins is to much of an introduction 💀💀, video stars at 10:30
I'm so disgusted he didn't mention the gable films for the Michigan Dogman.
Well done, ICEBERG BOY.
Us Lockness fans were done dirty. Put her in S tier!
What about the entities from At the Mountain of Madness
I hate it. I want you to do something else.
if you want to check out something genuinely psychologically disturbing you should read Richard Bachman's RAGE
Last time I saw the Loch Ness monster he asked for about three fiddy
video starts at 10:25 for some reason
People should totally check out Bob Gymlan for bigfoot stuff, dude takes a scientific approach to it and its awesome!
I like how all the American cryptids are B or higher with the only non-US cryptids being an big international fish & an Asian version of a US cryptid. But I do agree with the placements though (except Nessie which I think should be B).
You can tell the creator of the Mothman stature is a butt person with how caked up that statue is.
I hate to be that guy but it’s a Loch not a lake
Please use the upbeat jazzy background music you use all the time. That's like half the vibe of the video! Please bring it back! Much love!
25 days of cryptids
No way kraken was b tier
I'm so excited to watch this!!!!!
Holy hot damn, 10 minutes in and the video starts!
Just wanted to add on that Sasquatch is also very big in the Pacific Northwest of Canada! He’s essentially the mascot of the little town I live in - during events there’s usually someone even walking around in a Sasquatch suit taking pictures with people. His popularity definitely spans all the way down the Pacific Northwest coast between the US and Canada!
Now go watch Bob Gymlan.  Now!
i love cryptids so much. I did a drawing/character design exercise one time where i took cryptids and redrew them, and it was so much fun. so much potential in such a little package
iceberg starts at 10:28
Not gonna lie I was pretty disappointed w this video. First time tuning in to this channel and thought, by the number of views since yesterday (1M), this video would be amazing.   First of all, the topic is something that has been covered  so many times I want to jerk the wheel into oncoming traffic.  Second, I'm guessing this video took less than an hour to make. The production value is horrible and almost non-existent. Seems like it was lazily put together like some project from high-school that you'd have a whole semester to prepare but wouldn't start until the day before it was due. The first third of the video was basically him rambling about unnecessary shit and then the ad for the sponsor.  ALSO, the skunk ape, yeti, sasquatch, etc. could have been combined into one section since they are all basically very similar. Just seem like no thought was put in to any of this.  Not sure how this dude has amassed a following of over 3 million subscribers but I guarantee it wasn't from putting content like this out
Only Wendigoon can get away with making a 10+ minute intro and still keep me interested hahaha
Iceberg boy BACK AT IT AGAIN!!
COELACANTH MENTIONED I LOVE COELACANTH !!!!!!!!!!!
The story of the thylacine has always made me sad...another species eradicated by our arrogance and ignorance.
So like, by that definition Jesus Christ is a cryptid right? Not as some edgy joke or anything, that definition makes Jesus Christ the first cryptid and I find that pretty cool.
Wendigoon gives such chill uncle/cool cousin vibes - explaining their hyper fixations to me, without making me feel dumb, at the family function
this about to be the best (inconsistent) Avent calendar.
chupacara deserves better
16:08
ik some people aren’t the biggest fan of icebergs but i love when he does iceberg videos because it so cool to learn about so many different things in short time and they always turn out very good!!
10:31 for anyone that just wants to jump right into it
Oooo yea good stuff yummy yummy
10:29 is when the iceberg ranking starts. Hope I saved you all a lot of time
"I shot you..." 😰  "...a DM." 😗💨   [ 1:35 ]
Such a short video today bud ❤️ didn’t have to cancel my plans tonight
In other word...ran out of ideas
Hello Wendigoon, this is a formal complaint. My boyfriend Adam thought your YouTube name was “Quamunga” when I first showed him your videos. We now call you that and really like your videos so we think you should officially change your name to Quamunga. We think it would make the videos better. Thank you! 👍
Squonk is S++++++ tier, no question
It’s a crime against humanity to not put jackalope in a or s tier
Sorry wendigoon but chris chan owns you
do you think bigfoot knows he's an icon
is Santa Claus a cryptid?
Iceberg boy strikes again
holy moly the yapping in the intro was 10 minutes long just get right thru the topic.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood but against powers, against principalities, against the rulers of darkness in the earthly and heavenly places
another
Hopefully the full video won't start with 10 minutes of nonsense before getting to the actual iceberg.
When i was a kid in the 2000's i always thought the jackalope was a real creature
the video starts at 10:29 btw lmao
Video starts at 10:30
Wendigoon really isn’t doing a lot to beat the iceberg boy allegations
Thanks iceberg boy, love the stuff keep it going!   Have you ever heard of “The Law of One” ? It’s a very interesting conspiracy theorist based around a set of books (the law of one 1-5) that claim to have in depth records of a real alien encounter. I think at the very least you would have fun checking it out but I think this very vague quasi religious conspiracy would be your sort of thing.
You forgot the drop bear
Hell yeah, West Virginia getting some recognition for once. Mothman is a really cool story overall honestly. For anyone that gets a chance to go to Pt Pleasant, get the Mothman Pizza at Village Pizza. It's fantastic.   An interesting note, my wife's dad grew up in a house just over the hill from the Braxton County/Flatwoods monster's crash landing site. He did not know this at the time, but later after he was older and moved, he found out that Braxie basically crashed in his backyard.
To be fair with the old folklore around the yeti it's at least A tier.
wearing my hoodie while watching, never been more hype
Why did i think cryptozoology wasnt a pseudoscience lmfao
12:21 Wicked Napoleon Dynamite nod!!!!  I've been wanting you to do this iceberg since I first started watching your videos!  Outstanding, good sir!👏👏👏
IDK, I think the Yeti is actually far more well-known around the world than Bigfoot. At least it was that way.  I mean, I get it, you are American, but outside the US, the Yeti is bigger than Bigfoot or at least used to be. When I was first told about Bigfoot my reaction was "You mean like a brown Yeti in America instead of the Himalayan?"
Funny story, my step father made a fake jackalope that hangs in our barn and we always tell new people that visit that it’s real. Didn’t know that’s how the legend actually started.
I think why the Tasmanian tiger is on the list because people think it's still alive
Iceberg boy back at it again
It took 10:26 for this video to start.
Mothman S tier is a basd take. LOVE Mothman.
It's like an Advent calendar
I hope it has the TailyPo!
Holy shit I'm so hard right now
When I was a kid I was terrified of the dog man because I lived in the woods of Michigan and wolves would on occasion howl, one night I was watching a video about the dogman and heard a wolf... that was fun
thank you uncle wendigoon - your videos always bring me joy ❤❤😊😊
I think the X-Files version of the Chupacabra is one of the cooler versions of the creature, it can be super menacing and terrifying, but isn’t used to its full extent in a lot of cases
What is with the B A W that show on screen?
Christmas is like me
My grandmother was living in Braxton county WV in 1952. Iirc she knew a few of the people involved with the Flatwoods monster. Too bad I can't remember the specifics
You didn't even start talking about the video until 10 minutes in. You rambled about everything up until that point....
I hope the ogopogo gets mentioned
10 minutes of straight yapping
I am so excited for the rest of this series! I love cryptids and horror, and I'm looking forward to seeing all the ones listed in the iceberg. I hope even some small time guys like the Loveland frogman make it in!
Did it bro, almost got past the updates and plugs!
My love for Chupacabra got me my first girlfriend in highschool.
Not Papa Goon trending 🎉
Dude missed that thylacine pronunciation HARD.
I wonder if the drop bear will be on one of the later videos
i was here
At least most of these weren’t B-Tier ️
Australian here: the quasi-cryptid classification of the Thylacine (pronounced Thigh-la-seen) is due to the fact that there's been multiple modern sightings, lending credence to the idea that it isn't as extinct as we though it to be.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ily wendigoon
You're genuinely my favorite content creator on this platform but pretty please dont become one of the youtubers who take 10 minute+ to actually start the video.
Openly disrespecting the Dogman. I'll have you know that every november every child in my rural area was terrified of being outside lmao
Iceberg boy is back
I wish it was just the iceberg and not a tier list as well.  I like the research and discussion that Wendigoon does, but it feels weird having it go to opinion immediately after.  Wish they were two separate videos.
holy fuck the intro is long video actually begins at 10:26
I love just the idea of mythical monsters still roaming around, I would want to be a real life monster hunter and slay them lmao
ICEBERG BOY!!!!
Video actually starts at 9:51 . WTF Wendigoon?
Iceberg boy back at it again!
The thylacine is not extinct. One was seen and recorded semi-recently
14:27 MUITO REAL
Saxsquatch: one funky mofo
As a Mexican I'm offended about the pacing of the Chupacabras. My man there is so much lore that you missed about it, It's probably at least A tier
Classic Wendigoon video, doesn't actually start until the ten minute mark lol.
16:09 what's her nail color !!
gotta finish it by Christmas for the juicy December ad revenue
Mr. Wendigoon, as a Vermonter I am offended that you would place our beloved lake monster so low on your list.  But while I'm here I'd to reccomend a book: "The Vermont Monster guide" from one cryptid fan to another I can confidently say it contains a truly  delectable assortment of cryptid stories all hailing from the green mountain state; most of which are accompanied by beautifuly frightning illustrations.
hey wendigoon, as someone who's lived in northern michigan my entire life, (and also grew up terrified of the dog man) i wanted to shed some light on why he's so popular. it isn't just that it's a spooky design.  first, the dog man is only active every 7th year of a decade. second, he never, ever directly kills someone. all the references in the song of people/animals dying because it literally scares them to death. the appearance of the dog man is so blood curdlingly unnatural that it can literally make your heart stop. it's the idea that despite michigan's beautiful landscape, you can never really let your guard down or forget the unforgiving nature of... well, nature.
are you telling me The Dogman was the first furry?
PLEASE ANALYSE BOJACK HORSEMAN OR MORAL OREL IN THE FUTURE!!
Wendigoon got millions on every video, love to see it!
Anyone remember a cartoon about cryptids? I think it was on Cartoon Network and the protag kid had black and white hair.
PUERTO RICO MENTIONED LETS GOOOOOOOOOO❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️
10 minutes of ads and intros just to get to the main point of the video.
Took you till 10:30 to get to the meat and potatoes
10:33 list starts
Bro you have GOT to stop talking so long at the beginning of the video. A 1/3 of a 30 minute video and you're still not on the iceberg yet. Long unnecessary preamble.
it takes 10 fking minutes before you get into the list, i think ya need a new script writer hommie
Look more into the Skunk Ape - Beige Frequency has a very good video on that picture and the backstory. It's not a Ripley's Believe it or Not exhibit
Video starts 10:30
Video starts at 10:25
Funfact: The first recorded Mothman sighting was in China in the 1920's. The sightings of a "Dragon Man" with wings and red eyes were seen just before a dam broke and caused a flood.   Second Funfact: One of the original people to see Mothman had a vision of him, she saw him fearful, cold, and alone with her view of him changing to sympathy.
I read the Kraken as the Karen 😂 I’m pretty sure there’s not much difference
Thanks iceberg boy
I TELL YOU BOAY I'm so excited for this
I really like the shorter video times .. a lot of the times i see your vids pop up i dont click because i dont wanna sit for an hour
The greatest cryptid of all: my father.
Video starts at 10:33
Can you cover Batsquatch, the Ogopogo Monster, (cyclops's and fairies)?
Where is the Ogopogo? Canada's most famous cryptid.
Love this and can’t wait for the next parts. In high school (UK) when I was like 13 I wrote a whole presentation on the Jersey Devil, I really like that my teacher was shocked and my classmates were confused. That’s what happens when you say “do a presentation on what ever you want”. I love and always have since being young cryptids and other weird stuff.
Why didn't you include that scary photo of the skunk ape? The one always used? That's why it freaks me out
"Thyloseen!!" Not "Thylokyne."   You need more Forrest Galante in your life!!
You have reawoken my obsession with cryptids...here we go...
10 minutes to finally start the video are you kidding me
1 mil in 1 day… jeez Wendi. Also when I binge ur vids I like to call it gooning lol. ❤
I'm a big believer in a lot of these cryptids. And I like your podcast. The makeup caught me off guard though, real Christian youth minister kind of vibes.
10:28 is when the intro ends and he starts the first tier for those wondering
I wish these could be given "realistic" ratings, to see how likely they are to actually exist in material reality.
Also, if you're looking for good cryptid content, just watch the X-Files. The monster of the week episodes were all about them.
I love the wendigoon channel so so much but 10 mins to get into the video is crazy 💀
Of course it's in Portland...Maine. 🙄🤦🏼‍♂️
Me: *Sees the words "The Goblin Universe"* Also Me who loves drawing goblins: Nice.
i love the 30 minute long videos because i can watch them in one sitting. the longer ones are good too but i have to pause them and go outside
Look at you and saying doxing not cool. It’s the little things I tell ya 😂❤
I'm curious to see if the iceberg has the pomberito in it lmao
Actual content starts at 10:30
It's weird that I've never heard of mothman but I've known the Bloop literally for about 20 years.
This is the kind of content I've missed from you,  the last Iceberg was like 3 million subscribers ago
Video starts at 10:00 😂❤
it really starts at 10:30 for anyone that wants to skip. I suffered so you don't have to.
another banger man, excited for part 2
I'll hope you cover California's Loc Nes, Tessie. Fun fact, Nor Cal has some of the most bigfoot sightings in america. I like (and often hike) in bigfoot country, and while I haven't seen him, he's an icon around here and most people view him in a fun/joking way, though alot of people have stories or have heard stories from people. It's mostly good fun and joking, but bigfoot is a small part of the local culture.
Wooo Iceberg boy comes out with another banger.
The beginning of Iceberg Boy's magnum opus, quite a moment in history for sure.  Edit: I know that Wendi's Wife was fascinated by the Moth Man's cake, but why is nobody talking about that one photo of the jersey devil at 29:15? Dude was showin' it off!
The Cryptid nature of the Thylacine is the theory it didn’t die out and still exists in the deepest jungles of Indonesia.
The video starts at 10:31
Yayy
holy 1/3 of this vid was conjecture and an advert
Quick question: Does The Snipe not count as a Cryptid?
Jesus Tapdancing Christ it took you ten and a half goddamn minutes for you to get to the point!
* puts Mothman in S tier *  Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well
JOSH GATES MENTIONED🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯
Much love from a fan but 10+ min of babbling about sponsors, what iceberg is, what tier list is, podcast etc is crazy man…
Christmas is here boys
10 mins of yapping in the beginning
Damn
Actual vid starts at 10:32. You're welcome.
Saw the jersey devil once
I love that the Chupacabra explanation is "Well it's either a coyote or an ALIEN LIZARD MAN" It's like hmmmmm I wonder which is the truth lmfao.
The old Greeks have allready writen about the kraken, so i would say it´s clearly the oldest cryptid you mentioned
Video starts at 10:30
Everyone knows the Skunk Ape is just Fishing Garrett on his hunt for the 20 foot python.....
Not hating but odd to rank them, would rather get more information rather than a personal ranking. just imo
How fuckin dare you shit on my boy the sea serpent for being “too similar to the kraken” but turn around and do 4 Bigfoot clones 😭
Yo I bought the hoodie he is wearing, extremely high quality, soft as all hell. Fuckin thank you for the quality man I appreciate you being a man of yo word
I approve of where you put Mothman. You may proceed.
No one who lives in the area of Loch Ness believes in Nessie
amazing video
Holy shit, only just now realized you hit 3 million subs, that's insane!
As a West Virginian it makes me so happy you got to go see everything for mothman AND knew touching the butt is important
Jackalopes are literally lame Wolpertingers lmao (Wolpertingers are also often displayed with fangs and wings)
YEAHH BABY WART WART WART RAHHH
I also did a school project on the Chupacabra. Weird kid solidarity!
Video starts at 9:50 . Love you Wendigoon, thats one heck of an intro time.
I was watching the conspiracy theory iceberg. In that video he said this was coming soon. And we finally made it to “soon” lmao
Anyone have any good distopian shows or anime recommendations?
Literally ten whole minutes of useless preamble. Bro
Considering dogs are domesticated wolves, what if dogman is a domesticated werewolf? Instead of turning into a feral beast during the full moon, he turns into a furry during anime conventions.
I hope you talk about Cryptids from other regions, like the Pombero from Argentina
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Good video Iceberg Boy
thylacine was recently rediscovered by forest galante
Let's gooooo
Cryptids for Christmas?!?!?!?! What have we done to deserve such gifts?!!?!?!  Also, I'm honestly glad you gave the jackalope a MUCH better entry than what the crypto-zoology museum gives them. They simply have a small mount (or just pictures, I can't remember) with a sign saying Jackalopes are NOT cryptids they're simply affected some disease that causes bone like growths that look like antlers.   So as a Jackalope lover, I appreciate you giving them their due.
Surprised you didn't mention alleged contemporary sightings of the thylacine and current efforts to see if a very small # is in fact still alive
OK, I'll admit it. My brain was wondering off until I heard "Tall hairy men" and it perked up. I'm a man of simple tastes. lol
Iceberg boy back again with a banger
Love the content, but its like a 10 minute intro my man
10:33
16:08 imagine sexually assaulting the mothman. Wife is about to get some bad omen.
Bigfoot was one of my earliest consistent hallucinations and yes I watched too much Finding Bigfoot as a kid for that to happen. Bigfoot did in fact, live in the shadow in front of my closet.
16:17 I’m from the town Braxie landed in lmao
video starts 10 minutes in lmfao💀🤓
I thinkt the Jackalope myth started when people saw jackrabbits that were affected by the papilloma-virus, which causes horn-like tumors to grow out of their ears, head or bodies. We have a similar cryptid here in Austria/Germany, called 'Raurackl' or 'Wolpertinger'. Basically the same thing as a Jackalope but people not only put horns on a rabbit but wings or duckfeet or other parts of other animals, there are weird creations out there 😅
Thank you for putting our man mouthman as s tier!
As a yu-gi-oh! Player I approve this video
oh thank god
DUDE STFU ITS BEEN 7 MINUTES AND YOU HAVENT ACTUALLY STARTED THE VIDEO
You being sponsored by a sketchy supplement is one step closer to you being a full replacement for Alex J. Please get sponsored by a survival food bucket company.
What? Expedition Everest is on this list? Super awesome. Big Disney park nut, and I got to ride it a year ago. Love me a good disco yeti
DOGMAN MENTIONED!!!!!! MICHIGANG MICHIGANG 💪💪💪💪
Im assuming its on a later teir but talk about the black panther of the Carolinas. I swear ive seen one before
Good job Iceberg boy
Hey man this isnt s huge criticism but you tend to spend a large starting part of your videos talking about stuff completely unrelated to the video, i dont mind it but sometimes it just tends to go on and on for a while and could be explained in like the span of 3 mins rather than like 15-20 mins. Id like if you could put a marking on where the video actually starts. Anyways besides that great video man
It was damn near 10 minutes before the video starts, holy shit.
Me as a South Jersey native: if wendiman dont put our Devil at least A tier I swear  Wendidude: A tier  Me: Neat
make a berserk iceberg or ill eat all your magic spoon cereal’s.
In case you're wondering, he doesn't even start talking about cryptids until 10 minutes in.  He actually repeats himself a lot and explains the concept twice.  Click here to skip:  10:30
I’d love to see what everyone’s favorite cryptid is down here in the comments.   Mine is La Llorona
when u talk about werewolfs u could mention brazillian werewolves that need to be the seven male child of a family to exist
cryptozoology has had its name forever tainted by logan paul
I just love how European Cryptids are just like “Hm, do you wish to have some tea?”, and American Cryptids are like “I will steal your skin, mortal”.
10:30 BIGFOOT 12:14 THE LOCH NESS MONSTER 14:18 MOTHMAN 16:33 THE KRAKEN 18:21 THE YETI 20:02 THE THYLACINE 20:49 THE SKUNK APE 22:49 CHAMPIE 24:24 CHUPACABRA 26:31 JACKALOPE 28:49 THE JERSEY DEVIL 30:12 DOGMAN 32:02 NON- APPLICABLES
My general rule is that if Scooby-Doo has a movie on it, that Cryptid is 100% fake.
Bigfoot being an agent of nature  Me, who knows he eats babies
Iceberg boi (just watched the old view video)
too short, need 8 more hours
10:30 start of the video
Ahhh I'm so excited!!! Another iceberg
Nessie and Bigfoot are the most boring cryptids in existence.
Video starts at 10:28
i to can only breed during lightning strikes
Iceberg starts at 10:30
Its crazy how I pay for youtube premium to not see ads just to get 10 minutes of sponsored content before getting the first cryprid
Josh Gates best cryptid
Because of the dogman: check out the art of Saint Christopher. He is often depicted with a dog head.
It's happening!
Dude get a real mic
Mountain monsters better be on this iceberg
Genuinely surprised Champie was even in this video, its certainly not obscure for sure, but I had always assumed it was just like, a thing people only really gave a shit about locally.   Also! Plesiosaurs are not dinosaurs, but belonged to an entirely separate taxon of reptiles known as Sauropterygia.
Wendigo is not a cryptid. It's a spirit that possesses someone.
I HATE IT AND YOU SHOULD DO SOMETHING ELSE‼        Jk, can't wait for the rest of the tier list!
(30:24) They have the first name of Steve Jobs and the last name of Tim Cook.
​destinaschon locateshon christschon egyptschon king brent james schoning schon already always and beyond forever eternal hoky one hosanna in rosanna me el born in melbourne in victoria s secret god
Putting nessie in C is insane
Cryptid smash or pass:
I chased a jackalope on a 4wheeler once when I was a kid
I used to think the jackalope was real cause my parents told me it was when I first saw a taxidermy of one
When does a Folclore creature becomes criptid ?
I literally can't wait for part 2 😊
9:50 for the start of the video.
Its like a wendigoon advent calendar.
apple podcast support soon as well ?
This is a pre-emptive HAHA for when he realizes he slacked off on putting up a future video
Merry Christmas indeedy
Thy-la-seen
10 minutes of intro including an ad😢
I visited the International Cryptozoology Museum this past summer, it was a wonderful little place. My only complaint is that it never once mentioned the Squonk. We need more people to know about the Squonk.
Cant wait for him to talk about the cryptids island on poptropica
Mothman was an owl. F tier at best.
weird that you low Ball bigfoot then just mention two other versions in increasing detail. Kinda seems like pading. If you wanna actually think about bigfoot for a bit look up bob gymlan. Love you bud.
Views,1m in a day. Nice
i wish i didn’t miss the wendigoon hoodies :(
Video starts 10 minutes in.
wendigoon i love you in the most parasocial way possible. but please dont ever do an intro this long again i am begging on my knees
Has Wendigoon gotten the invite to Roanoke's Dogman hunt?
Gather 'round, kids, Iceberg Boy dropped another banger
10 minutes.... 10 minutes until you actually started
I’m from northwest Ohio and my good friend’s mom and sister have a Dogman story. To put it shortly, the sister pulled into the driveway at night and her lights shined on this creature she described as “a deer standing upright with a dogs head.” She called her mom freaking out and when mom ran outside they saw it run into the neighbors backyard. “It ran like a person with bowed legs” they both said. It freaks me out a bit considering they are not the types to even believe in that kind of stuff.
Does anyone remember the show on Animal Planet called Lost Tapes? Each episode was supposed to be found footage of different cryptids.
This mother fucker don’t miss
OMG I LOVE THIS YAYYYY
Me who plays fallout 76,expecting to hear about all the west virginia cryptids,amazing amazing content
Your mom is an iceberg.
Wait, you gave bigfoot an A after discussing he has basically been reduced to just a nice guy in the woods protecting nature, but then gave the chupacabra a lesser tier because it has become basically a coyote or something like it. Intentions havent changed from malicious for one, but two, you mention well it could basically just be a dog. Yea, and EVERY bigfoot sighting has turned out to be a guy in a suit. Inconsistencies like that cause this tier list to be an F lol
the way u pronounced loch almost made my smash my laptop
tsuchinoko real
YAAAAY
Video starts at 10:25
Somehow I thought my local cryptid, the bray road beast, would make it on tier 1. I'm not surprised it didn't though because it's a little generic werewolf story. What's interesting about the area there in South Eastern WI is that there's a cryptid everyone knows about, but no one is supposed to talk about it. It's a cognito hazard because while you're not allowed to talk about it out loud, it's almost dangerous to think about it. You can "summon it" with speech and it'll find you in the woods and stalk you like prey. Freaked us out as kids walking home in the dark because you'd hear things move in the trees and couldn't stop thinking about this monster that was chasing you. I'd think it was an entirely made up story if not for older generations of people confirming the legends of it. We only ever felt safe to talk about it after moving a 1000 miles away lol. The only name I ever heard it called was "the white thing" and I always imagined it as a yeti, but it kind of overlaps with the local werewolf. I have from time to time tried to look it up online, but as befits a local legend, there is no info. If I didn't know better I'd say it's a wendigo, but there was no stench when as kids we thought it was chasing us in the dark. Just beastial growls and snarling.
Champie is not just americas lochness monster his history goes back to the Native Americans interacting with him
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BOOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIII
I'm shaking and crying right now... I can't believe your wife harassed mothman
Bruh the yapping until 10:20 was unbearable 💀
Skip ahead to 10:28 for actual content.
Bro why did it took 10 minutes to get to the video itself.
wow 10 minutos of preamble
The kraken is honestly kind of in a weird spot for me because way back and I mean basically a thousand years ago a large boat would literally have only been around 30 ft. Things always look bigger in water anyway so it's so easy to see how they could have spun the tail of the kraken from just a colossal squid coming up to check out what's going on and a colossal squid could have been on par with a 30 ft boat
Bigfoot HAS to be the most boring cryptid possible. F tier instantly
mom wake up wendi posted.   mom?
I live near the cryptozoology museum and I have wanted to go so bad for so many years
MAINE MENTIONED‼️‼️‼️
Also with the jackalope story, there's a virus that causes rabbits to grow hard, antler-like tumours on its face, so that's probably where that comes from.
Video starts at 10:31
Hell, I believe in bigfoot and the yeti, places in this world where it's to dangerous to live, Canada for one, you go to the north and it is unbearable to live because the temperature is just way too unforgiving the harsh terrain
@wendigoon if you don't include the prolific Wisconsin cryptid that is The Hodag, im unsubscribing
Has Wendigoon sold out? Why's he shilling this trash so hard instead of just getting to the video?
Wendigoon has gone downhill
My dude says he’s a cryptid youtuber and disregards the thylacine. Smh
Mothman a goat
In fairness I think anything that is to be heralded as a “guardian” has to be capable of incredible violence. Like a dog bred for defense from wolves and shit.
Awesome vid Wendigoon! Love this kinda stuff
Mothman was a record setting snowy owl
As a Michigander I was TERRIFIED of the Dogman as a child but I specifically remember on Halloween of 2018 the writer of the song came on the radio for an interview and admitted that it was all an april fools prank.
my grandad swears up and down that he's seen nessie at least twice. now im not saying i believe him, but i am saying that man has never lied about something so serious and he's so deadass about it
I live near the Rhinelander area and I am so flipping excited for Wendi to talk about the Hodag
my grandad swears up and down that he's seen nessie at least twice. now im not saying i believe him, but i am saying that man has never lied about something so serious and he's so deadass about it
You're great for putting on in the background while doing other things.
Congrats on trending iceberg boy!
Iceberg boy
Are there Connecticut Mountain Lions on there?
Most cryptids I am familiar with because of a "children's card game" where they put people's souls on the line.
Just a note, saying "Lake Loch Ness" is like saying "ATM Machine."  Loch is gaelic for lake.
Holy shit you’re starting a podcast with meat canyon? You two are my favorite “creepy stuff” creators. That guys mind is wild lmao. And I’m glad we’re back on a iceberg! It’s what brought me to the channel.
I hope the Bear Lake Monster comes eventually, as an Idaho native I love the idea of a Nessie but in Idaho/Utah
Ice berg boy having a normal one
I have a shirt with that Point pleasant Art on it.
Remember how the Scooby Doo movie made the chupacabra basically Mexican Bigfoot?
9 minute intro let’s fucking gooo!!!!
Please do the beast of gévaudan
Huh.....Iceberg boy....
you must continue the tier lists in the next videos i love
I enjoyed
wendigoon could make a 5 hour iceberg about vacuum cleaners and id watch it on repeat for an entire year. thank you, Iceberg Boy.
I live on the west coast of America and I watched Willow Creek at like, 2am when I was 13. I didn't want to go camping for months and months.  Once in a blue moon when I'm hiking, I get chills thinking about it. Dumb movie.
Isn't God the ultimate criptid?
Can't wait for tier 2
TIME STAMPS PLEASE. 10 minutes  of plugs before i remembered it's an iceberg video, which means there's no clean ending.
26:36 rabbits can grow horn-like structures all over their head if infected with the shope papilloma virus, which is fatal to them. (do not google, pics are NFSW/L.) it may be the source of the legend of the jackalope before the taxidermist came along.
Did anyone ever watch Lost Tapes on animal planet back around 2008? I used to love that shit no matter how cheesy it got. Used to scare the shit out of me when I was young, but I’d like to believe that show is what made me destined to watch Wendigoon in the future.
LETSGOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Thank you for putting the Jersey Devil at A-tier. Now you'll be able to safely enter the state without getting eaten by him.
I like you I like this
More please.
Man dude be on this iceberg tip frfr 🎩
The content is worth it. But 10 min of selfadvertising? You're kinda stretching it
Echo
iceberg boy cant resist
mothman in persona is very cute though
An eleven minute intro is crazy
LETS GOOOOOO! I LOVE CRYPTIDS :3
I gotta argue for my boy: Loren Coleman. Definitely deserves to be an S tier cryptid.
Now I have a craving for all “cryptid bootys”
Fucking hell Video starts at 10:30
cyptids are like legendary pokemon but kinda irl i guess.
I live and went to school in Skamania county! What a suprise to hear you mention the name, in my sophomore year of highschool we had bigfoot specialist come in and explain bigfoots markings and sightings. Bigfoot fever is still huge here, love the video!
I'm so happy for another super-iceberg series! BUT! MY GUY! DAD! You can't slog the video with a 10 minute opening about what the series is gonna be, the sponsor, a new plushie tease, what the series is gonna be, thanks for watching, cool poster, what the series is gonna be, what the other, differenter series is gonna be, thanks for watching and what the series is gonna be! 10 MINUTES!
❤️👹👽💀❤️
😊
I used to have nightmares of the Dogman so much so that I had to go home from a sleepover once because I had such a bad nightmare 🤣
10 and half minutes of intros and sponsors damn man :( just wanted to watch a weird animal video
Skunk ape is just hobo big foot
If you wanna see Nessy, all you gotta do is bring Tree Fiddy.  As for mothman, I've actually been to Point Pleasant. And went to the museum. It's campy bullshit and everything I wanted it to be. I loved it.
I love this man, but the first 11 minutes of this video is completely useless for any returning viewer.
Whys a third of the video not the video
Regarding the Thylacine; I think it’s inclusion on the iceberg is far more understandable from an Australian perspective - in Australia and certainly in Tasmania, there are many people that still believe that somewhere in the wilds of Tasmania there are still thylacines. It’s pretty convincing considering how rugged and untouched most of Tasmania is.
Lmao, how do you guys keep a straight face drinking that liquid dung?
NEED MOREEEE
FUCK yeah
As a fellow cryptic need, I'm excited for this series!
as a lake champlain local ive never heard someone call him "champie" its usually just "champ". but also i dont talk to people anymore so maybe im wrong
Just a little constructive criticism. I know wendi has a long time of promos and explaining stuff in the beginning of his videos but its been getting a little worse. Like the real content starts at 9:53. Thats about 29% of your video being just ads, which people generally skip. Love the vid but its a little off putting.
The Skunk Ape photo doesn’t match any known Ripley’s display and actually has a follow up photo showing clear and dramatic movement from the creature impossible for a statue. I highly recommend watching Bob Gymlan’s analysis on the image because it’s really interesting, be it fake or not
actual iceberg starts at 10:31, thats dumb i think! cmon wendigoon i know you gotta promote ur stuff but you can do better smh.
Iceberg boy returns!
Bro, great video, but the 10 minute long intro was CRAZY. Idk if that all needed to be in that one spot, it was kinda ridiculous
Iceberg Boy is feeding us good this season
Relatable moment: I also did an essay on the chupacabra in elementary school. I think I was around the 5th grade. Glad I'm not the only weirdo that was obsessed with this stuff early on. Great video. Can't wait for the rest of the series.
Waiting with baited breath for my home town hero, the hodag, to be mentioned.
Yipee
Half of these are just the matrix people that hired Bethesda to run a particular location for the day
You’d get through it faster if you didn’t spend a third of the video getting to your first entry
if wendigoon was my professor in college i would be SAT
video starts at 9:52
In Brazil we have a cryptid that invades houses at night, suck the person ass and goes away, its called Chupa Cu de Goianinha. Im not kidding, look it up.
16:10 can you blame her?? Mothman got BACK
As an Australian I want to point out that the reason the Thylacine is considered a cryptid is due to constant supposed sightings despite being extinct
I'm here for Cryptember !😁🤩
Well if it isn’t iceberg boi.
FINALLY
As an iowan, im quite exited to see the burlington dragons or lake obojoki monster. The van meter monster/visitor would also ne cool. The lockridge monster is also pretty cool.
man you really gotta be more concise in your intros
Oh Iceberg boy, you’ve outdone yourself this time.
the Jackalope is real.
Danger! support confirmed
My favourite is the insulindian phasmid
One of my favorite cryptids is the giant snake seen in the congo by  a colonel. It's just a really long snake but the fact that its been corroborated by reliable individuals and the fact that large snakes aren't usually in that area makes it cooler to me
good work ICEBERG BOY
Definitely need to add dragons, they have to be they king of cryptids !!
This is gonna be my favorite series for sure.
WE WANT GIANTS ICEBERG
i cant help to notice that the mythological creature known as Troll is mentioned as Highway Trolls.... which is kinda stupid, A troll is a troll, they dont have special titles.
I think the Thylacine is on here because there are reports of wild Thylacine being seen recently as well as some shakey video footage. So, it was once a real animal that went extinct but it's status is murky now
I was gonna kick off if Mothman  wasn’t given s tier
I love you Wendigoon, but is a 10 minute intro really necessary? There's a description for a reason. The video doesn't start until like 10:30
10:32 it took this long for him to start the list. I counted and he said something like "before we get started" 4 times.
Lake loch ness is a tautology btw. Loch means lake ;)
Bro I am at 10:00 one third of the way in and the video just started lol
Just got my wendigoon hoodie and that shit is so fire lea goooooooo
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK WOOOOOOO
@Wendigoon you should read the best story you can find for each of these cryptids Plenty of jersey devil stories in my area, lots of hunters gave up hunting after coming across "something"
Ill be looking forward to this. Perfect content to paint my minis to
It should have been N/C for non cryptid tisk tisk
Bro really started the video at 10 mins and 30 secs ,_,
lets fucking go
I love when Iceberg boy came back and said "it's icebergin' time". Probably IB's best upload.
Loren Coleman.
Bigfoot is the Pikachu of cryptids.
Ain’t no way he really said Nessie is overrated but says Bigfoot and is A tier and Mothman S tier lmao. Mothman imo is way more overrated at this point. Nessie doesn’t have many stories because it’s a damn sea monster lmao. You really expect to hear someone deep sea diving with it or something? Lmao
Never really comment before but enjoy your content I just want to let you know when you showed your poster the cryptid to the right you stated as an alien is actually another cryptid of West Virginia known as the Flatwoods Monster other names such as Braxton County monster or spade head it's a very cool story an scary story since I used to live near that area you should research if you want to know any stories from my childhood I'd be glad to entertain you
the only real cryptid is santa claus -liz
Ten minute intro 👎
Just letting you know, its pronounced "Thy-lah-seen". Otherwise good work mate!
10 min of pure yap
WAKE UP BABE NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG DROPPED
As an avid cryptid hunter and lover of your channel this is awesome you finally started making the iceberg
Just in time for my birthday in a few days! Thank you wendigoon!
video starts at 10:30 btw :)
Have you or a loved one been subjugated to literal rambling for the first 10:28 of this video. You may be entitled to medical compensation
Over 10 minutes in and no list. Good lord.
Iceberg starts at 10:30, you're welcome :)
Also worth noting about the Jersey Devil was that the Mother Leeds from the story was likely the real life Debora Leeds (maiden name Smith), the wife of Japheth Leeds with whom she had 12 living children (named in Japheth's Will).  Japheth and his brother Titan Leeds both died young, right in the middle of a public feud with Benjamin Franklin, which also coincided with the year typically attributed to the birth of the Jersey Devil.  Titan was a business competitor of Franklin who capitalized on the unpopularity of the Leeds family to promote his own business interest. The patriarch Daniel Leeds previously was accused of "being a devil" and a "harbinger of satan" by the quaker majority, who took issue with his staunch support of the British government.   So yeah... a lot of the Jersey / Leeds Devil legend comes from a spat with a founding father, which I find amusing
Problems of My country xplosion of population by Backwards caste equivalent to  Lepromatous   &Muslims need criminal law to curb population explosion  Rest we Also draw the lineage from most Intellectual race  of world The Rajput's and Brahmins  with Kayastha are the One who believe in Quality in my country from legislature executive to judicial system and Complete press and newspaper , medical and science, all the private colleges universities,schools construction, contract projects all under our dominance field is under our dominance this is called the Power of Quality   Law  medical, paramedical is waste for males until you don't have relatives from politics of village, town legislative assembly council to our parliament,judges serving or retired in High court and supreme court same in medical field of our Aiims ,medical colleges it is quite visible that Only Upper caste can make this country viable which  business and bunglows in every city or villages Delhi, NCR, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Jaipur rajkot, bhagalpur, gandhinagar gorakhpur, Varanasi, Kota, Ajmer, gandhinagar, Mumbai,Pune , allahabad, Patna, Indore, vadodara,baroda, valsad ,rajkot,varanasi, darjeeling, vishakhapatnam,chennai our community have everything only when we control the lower castes people to reduce population then only we becomproblems of My country is also same the explosion of population by the Backwards caste  Muslims Rest we Also draw the lineage from most superior race of world The Rajput's s and Brahmins with Kayastha are the One who believe in Quality in my country from legislature executive to judicial system and Complete press and newspaper , medical and science, engineering ,all the private colleges universities,schools construction, contract projects all under our dominance field is under our dominance this is called the Power of Quality  Specially Law& medical  is waste for males until you don't have relatives from politics of village, town legislative assembly council to our parliament,judges lawyers  serving or retired in High court and supreme court same in medical field of our Aiims ,medical colleges it is quite visible that Only Upper caste can make this country viable which is only 10crore out of 140crores Our country Bharat is suffering because of the uncontrolled population  see the business and bunglows in every city or villages Delhi, NCR, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Jaipur rajkot, bhagalpur, gandhinagar gorakhpur, Varanasi, Kota, Ajmer, gandhinagar, Mumbai,Pune , lucknow, Patna, Indore, vadodara,baroda, valsad ,rajkot,varanasi, darjeeling, vishakhapatnam,chennai our community have everything only when we control the lower castes people to reduce population then only we become developed nation the excessive population crisis and non implementation of Sterilisation program it need to be implemented from peon to member of parliament by hook or crook in all religions in bharat Males who are wasting their precious time from age 21 to 32 years just in preparation of various exams are creating trouble by reproducing and every male must write his surname clearly he belongs to which religion and which caste general category Shudra or Obc This time we all Rajput's and brahmins must unite together call for all Females and males of our community to prevent explosion of population and for resources of india The corruption is at its peak in bharat all the institution is only indulged in corruption from private to govt sectors the gram panchayat to nagar paalika nagar nigam takes 10 to 20% commission in any project and these lawyers with police and administration and politicians are make loot with unemployment at its peak in bharat All bars and benches are under the one community The Rajputs, Jaats Brahmins and kayastha only real rajputs not those backwards lodhs etc Politicians apart from party making mockery of people they hand in glove with each other across parties and in this bureaucracy, executive and bars and bench are involved  educated unemployment is on its high This is very ugly face of politics in bharat the politicians and their family members are only getting rich and wealthy while common educated people are continuously suffering in bharat I will repeatedly raise the issues what all political persons are doing from gram panchayat to parliament of India only nepotism in every field whether legislature executive or judiciary and so called fourth pillar the media and mediahouses running by businesshouses the politicians with bureaucracy executive and judiciary in high courts and supreme courts are blocked by few people from past 75 years and India is suffering of educated unemployment at its peak we are moving towards stagflation with politicians and businessmen who are politicians and their relatives are continuously getting benefitted  explosion of population must be dealt with heavy hand This time world community have to come forward to deal with excessive population of world and the govt in india is repeating again with bjp rest unemployment will remain bcoz politicians are equally corrupt like people made them across all the political parties common people is just a tool nothing more  The universities &schools must reduce excessive pressure on children and youths by making 50 -50% mcq and theory based examination in all domains from class 11 to ph.d.   this is to be applied at earliest we are witnessing suicides in India at peak Every citizen or NRI of Bharat seeing the comment have to accept that from past 75 years now india witnessing population explosion& everywhere the religious fanatism to make mini Pakistan in pockets is at its peak youth specially males from age bracket of 21 to32 years in Hindus just wasting lives in preparation of various competitive exams but we don't have seats so do some productive work and Medical ,Law field success after course only to those who have father or mother from politics of being Pradhan to mp mla mlcs in Bharat or big renowned lawyers in high courts of various states judges in high and supreme courts or like us bureaucrats journalists for medical field doctors or medical institute owners only they can sustain this generation youths need to understand that they do not reproduce becoz we don't have resources to sustain such a large population only 40crores people can be supported If u a male & earning less than 1 lakhs per month don't reproduce or get married Bharat is overpopulated & suicide whether getting failed in exams or competition is being a common phenomenon no change in govt can deal with that so support only bjp  but corruption is widespread and become integral part in Bharat by politicians and Bureaucracy is equally responsible Those  males who are brilliant not duffers  got prestigious jobs in ssc to upsc maximum to max 25 or 26 years males got upsc & various other states civil services witnessing so many of them while duffers are only not got selected Being a first attempt qualifier of The most toughest exams of india I have witnessed the corruption in almost every secretariat of state government and union too the parties may be any but almost all the Politicians hand in glove with most of corrupt bureaucrats,ips ifs and other services in our upsc even the clerks in district offices secretariat are continuously looting the country on other hand I am seeing the unemployment among educated youths of nation the money trail works in almost every remaining government sector jobs u pay sufficient amount which varies from 10 lakhs to 2 crores and can get any job u want but filters are placed of caste vacancies are sold at large scale in all whether bjp or Congress govt which is a sordid face india is facing Along with that the complete bureaucracy with bar and benches are dominated only by two The Rajputs or Brahmins  and this is reality.Not only that the vice chancellors dean of different departments in technical & other universities are dominated by The Rajputs or Brahmins and this is by help of Bjp and Congress . Because these backwards castes are just a vote giving machines Yogi the king of Rajputs and keshav maurya the corrupt person they are politicising every thing and judiciary is silent like a corpse.along with that the coaching institutes are funding mechanism of political parties while the post which are remaining are sold via these institutions even upsc ssc posts are being sold i know because i worked in this system but two barriers are made first is caste other is money barrier  the government whether BJP or Congress they both have mp mla mlcs acquired more than 1000 crores see the report released by Association for Democratic Reforms All my Rajput's Brahmins females u may work anywhere in any field but try to find only the male whether your live in partner or husband in your caste To strengthen our Community & sanctity of theory of pure blood The Pure race of Aryans it's a whiteman burden bcoz these Dalits backwards & muslims only believe in marriage & reproduction
Thylacine is possibly not dead, that's why it's a cryptid. People report sightings of them from time to time
Finaly and lets goe!
10:30 starts holy fuk
WENDIGOON ON TRENDING😮🎉
I’m sorry 10 mins of intro is too long for me :\
I just wanna say, thank you for videoing
LET'S GOOOOOO
Real long intros, like reeaal long, 10mins out of 35min vid seems a bit... long
bigfoot over the kraken is CRIMINAL
Iceberg boy has posted, must spend time watching whole channel
Skip to 10:30 to avoid annoying bullshit.
floyd is that you
Can’t wait for my hoodie to arrive!
Note: Thylacine is pronounced 'Thigh-La-Scene,' not 'Thigh-La-Kine.'   The story of the last Thylacine makes me cry, especially because we have footage of it. I hate humans so fucking much. All we do is kill everything, even our own kind. We're no better than the most 'vicious' of animals. In fact, I'd argue that we are WORSE, because we KNOW what we're doing and the impact it will have, but still choose to do it.
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!! SO EXCITED FOR THIS!!!!!
13:21 dude is spitting bars
Your wife belongs in S tier, legends say she is the only creature to make the mothman blush
i feel like Geralt could watch this and be like "oh yeah, that thing. killed a couple of those in my time. foul beasts"
Nessy is my favorite one, but unfortunately, she's the most easily disprovable one...Compared with Bigfoot, who's basically anywhere on the planet, so can only be disprovable by location...
The thylacine is more than just an extinct species, there’s been quite a few relatively plausible sightings in the past few decades, and a recent two part video which may have (emphasis on may) found one on trail cam, though of course if they did they wouldn’t want to reveal it anyway.  With Tasmania essentially being Australia’s Alaska (in that most of the state is very much uninhabited by people), it could very well exist at least in small numbers
Can't wait to hear wendigoon talk about whatever the fuck the goblin universe is
16:11 The Boys are back in town...to kill you! (few will get this)
wendigoon: nessi is kind of overrated  also wendigoon: *has a poster of nessi in his room*
My great grandfather drove across the bridge in point pleasant an hour before it collapsed.
Why are you trying to give me tinnitus bro?
10 minutes and 33 seconds
I am so excited for this series, I am going to be scratching at my neck like a meth addict waiting for part 2
Iceberg boy is back baby !
17:15 you mean giant squid. The colossal squid is only in the Arctic Ocean and has never been seen alive
Loch Ness at C but kraken and SKUNK APE at B is laughable
This man just spent 10 min yapping
exciting
I like you Wendigoon, but 11 minutes of your 35 minutes video is either shilling or intros.  That's 1/3 of your video, man. Do better
Where does Wendigussy fall in this list? Also do people with foot fetish fetishize Big Foot?
Iceberg Boy earning his name.
10 minutes of yapping cmon wendigoon
Man I didn’t know you had a video in your intro
The Jakealope was the first meme cryptic.
The kraken is definitely S tier for me just cause it freaks me out so much and it has the best possibility to exist. I hate the ocean lol
Wendigoon is S tier.
At about 12:20 you said “Lake Loch Ness” but as a Scottish person I would like to kindly correct you that the words ‘Lake’ and ‘Loch’ are the same thing, lakes are just called lochs in Scotland, they are not lakes
The Jersey Devil has always captivated me as a child, aside from it having a cool design. It also pretty much terrified me back then from entering the woods alone at night. It's one of those stories that helped in warning children about potential dangers, so it worked extremely well on me
Thank you iceberg boy
Alright but this tier list is ass 😭 so much explanation for the rankings but has 2 versions of Bigfoot higher than chupacabra 💀
Jesus christ, 10 minutes?? Get to the point bro.
10 minutes wasted for ads and stuff. Thats the length of most normal videos on here
Yay!
YESSSS MOTHMAN S TIER!!! I NAMED MYSELF AFTER HIM!
Loch means lake btw 😳‼️
Cryptid topics are my fav, can't wait for the new video
Nooooo come back, I missed the outro song ;-;
That bit at 35:35 sounded a bit unhealthy, bud.
Thanks Iceberg Boy
I’m not even a minute in and I’m dying at the fact that at 0:48, when he shows a few of the names from bottom of the iceberg, amongst all the names is “Dan Akroyd” lmfao
LETS GO IM SO HYPED YESSSSSSSSSS
Here at Wendigoon we only dox people after we get their permission  🔥🔥🔥
My hometown has a local cryptid tale, the Pend Orielle Paddler, Basically just Nessie but... Idaho. Though the one that I found more intriguing in the same lake is that there is a colossal sturgeon that hides at the bottom of the lake. I used the be terrified to jump off boats in the middle of the lake or swimming at night because of the idea of an enormous fish moving below me.
I dunno man, Sasquatch was a playable character in Tony Hawk.. possibly could be gone pro now 🧐
WOOOOOO
Fuckin hell bro.... you said a whole lot without saying ANYTHING for the first 10:30! Get to it quicker bro....
"Cryptid is a creature whose experience is wildly debated" Serotonin no on the list so far
Hoping for the lizard man of South Carolina he’s my favorite
I love cryptids
Dude made a 10 minute intro holy shot pleaee never again 😊
We had the same task at school but about conspiracies or unsolved things. Everyone else chose Jack the ripper and such while i chose mothman.
Video starts at 10:25
Skinwalkers is S tier number 1 for me :)
rushed! there's so much more that could be talked about
YES I've been waiting for this! I'm from NJ and have always been enamored with the Jersey Devil. Hell, I even wrote a horror book about him!! Great content as always Wendigoon.
dan akroyd in the bottom tier 😭
I just finished the Solo Call of the Dead Easter Egg in the same amount of time it took the entire video to play. Blessed Wendigoon run.
Hello, Tasmanian here! While not your traditional cryptid, Some people believe that the Thylacine (or Tasmanian Tiger) never went extinct and we just haven't had proof of seeing one in 90+ years. People post videos and photos claiming to site the Tasmanian Tiger, all 'disproven' so far. We have hunters like you see in America for Bigfoot, and that's probably why it's on the list. We have some of the most rugged and remote bushland in the Australia, and it would not be surprising if there was a small population on the Southwest Coast. Another fun fact! They are actively trying to resurrect the species and release it back into the wild.  Also it's pronounced Thigh-la-seen, no 'k' sound. Thank you for listening to my TAS Talk. Tasmanian away!
cant wait to watch the end of this in 2025
Hello Aussie here  Tasmania is part of Australia
I appreciate wendigoon spending 10 minutes hyping us up for this iceberg but we’ve BEEN hyped. We need more content my man. No hate at all but I think everyone here would love longer videos on this topic.
I think your tier list will be the most controversial thing about this whole cryptids series
Recently started watching iceberg videos again, what a coincidence
HOLY CRAP STEVE COOK IS A FAMILY FRIEND OF MINE IM FROM TRAVERSE CITY MICHIGAN AND WE LOVE THE DOG MAN
Feel bad for the guy who missed the mil view shoutout
10:30
iceberg boy returns
Wendi, if we don't get more "and things such as" statements on the next one, we will riot.
I feel obliged to mention that a gentleman by the name of Forrest Galante is currently doing great work to try and de-extinct the thylacine. Recently finding evidence in the form of trail camera video footage that they do indeed still exist.
10 minute intro 😭😭😭
video starts at 10:29
Yess!  I'm hyped!  The conspiracy theory iceberg is one of my favorite things on the internet, I've seen it 3-4 times!
The amount of projects you have going on are insane, I wish you luck on all of it
We need iceberg iceberg
Video starts at 10:25
Just the series I’ve been looking for
wow 10 minutes to start the video - long winded much
I think I read somewhere that they were attempting to resurrect a Thylacine somewhere in Dallas Texas
Dude spends 10 mins to get to THE GODDAMNED POINT!!
I am convinced the chupacabra is just an alien that esacped area 51 and fled to mexico change my mind
Wow❤❤
10:25
10:30 Video starts
Video starts at 10 minutes
As a Tasmanian i was kinda shocked to see the thylacine-
Best shit to workout to
wendigoon I love you but no matter how convincing you make an ad for it my ass is NOT drinking AG1. that shit looks like city 17 food
You were a bit soft on Thylacine.  The most intriguing part about it is that people claim to have seen it today or that it may still be surviving in isolated regions of Tasmania.
Ughh, so annoying you doing self-promoting dog water for ten minutes. Why not just make a good video?
geez dude a fricken 10 minute intro? I keep skipping forward and u just keep talking nonsense, cmon bro do better
"We are going to go ahead and get into it.. 9:51 in." lol
Wow 10 minutes before the video startet respect
Ive watch all your videos 3 times over, i always wonder if you did ur voice overs in a closet or get a LOT of sound padding how your voice would sound   You already have a really good and unique voice, i just wish it wasn't echoey and shallow.  You could shove your mic into your mouth and lower the gain. That would lower the shallow sound and give your voice deep warmth. Or maybe i know nothing  But hey looking at you is all they eye candy i need for a good video (you have good stage/video presents), just wish we could have good aduio on mic.
This is the videos I've been waiting for,let's go!!! Can't wait for the hours long complete video
Video starts at 10:30… Jesus
Shout to the book Encyclopedia Horrifica in Elementary school!!
growing up as an australian there was always theories that there were a few tasmanian tigers left alive, willem dafoes the hunter is a film about it too
I actually knew most of these from watching Lost Tapes at 2am as a kid
You should look into the thylacine, it’s on this iceberg because there has been tons of “sightings” in tasmania/mainland Australia, and watch Forrest Galante’s video about them possibly being in Papau New Guinea still but undiscovered because PNG is one of the least explored places on the planet. It’s super interesting to look into
“Thy-la-kyne” I’m gonna poop
i learnt about what eddies are today — whirlpools that develop in the ocean bc of tides. i think that’s what dragged a lot of ships down
5 mins and no content boy stop talking about nothing Lol 10.5 minutes 💀
Aussie here, love your content man I’ve learnt so much!!!   Just my thoughts, but the thylacine or Tassie Tiger is probably on the list more so because while “extinct” (like the coelacanth was) many still believe it’s out there hiding in the deep parts of Australia. Occasionally there’s a sighting or tracks or bones found.  Wouldn’t surprise me if it still is 🤞
23:00 that pic is a whale penis breaching
Finally iceberg boys living up to his name
Vid starts at 10:30. Jesus Christ.
Putting Kraken in B tier is crazy
Thy-luh-SEEN
I’ve lived 5 minutes from lake Champlain my entire life. I’ve never heard it called Champie before, only Champ
As always, great content. You've grown so much, keep up the fantastic work!
I’m very excited for the bottom tier. Particularly “The Goblin Universe” and Dan Akroyd.
Please do a Sunday Studies video. Please.
I went to Point Pleasant for the MothMan museum. When I came back home I had a moth infestation. It's a hilarious coincidence that I love sharing.
Not to be that guy but thylancine is pronounced thy-la-seen not thy-la-sign :)
WOOOOOOOOOO
w upload
Cryptmas came early. Thanks Wendy!
Dropping the hottest Iceburg of 2023 like it's lettuce
hell yeah!!!!!
What’s happening with the Weird Bible podcast?? Haven’t seen any new episodes in months
🤦 moth man belongs in F tier
Lockness Monster and Champy remind me of something we have in Canada in BC called the Ogopogo I actually dont know very much about the Ogopogo, but I remember that when I was younger and would visit my Opa and Nana in the Okanogan they would tell me to keep an eye out for Ogopogo, and that it was friendly but not to get too close to it (which wasnt a problem bc I was like five, and although I could swim the lakes pretty damn deep and we didnt have a boat lol) pretty neat imo
I imagine child Wendigoon's school presentation on the chupacabra also being a 6 hour long presentation involving extensive white board usage
No way there was 10 minutes of ads and self promotion in this video
It's always a great day when I see a new Wendigoon video AND it's on trending. Heck yeah 😎
Is there a link to the iceberg image? I want to see what's on the lower levels and see how many already know about
Oh thank you! Devines bless your kind heart
I always wiggle my toes in joy to see a new ice berg boy upload
24:49 Does anyone remember that old found footage chupacabra movie? Real low budget and such, absolutely traumatized me as a child but I’ve never been able to find it again.
For a second I thought Loren Coleman was an actual cryptid  lol
New let's gooooo
Thank you for the early Christmas presents! It reminds me of an advent calendar of sorts hahaha Happiest of Holidays, one and all! 🥳💞
Love Wendigoon, hate cryptid lore/fantasy. Leaving this comment for the algorithm since I’m not watching the video.
29:00 "It doesn't look like a devil and he's not wearing a Jersey either..." -Some NPC in Castlevania Order of Ecclesia, at least from what I remember of it.
Bro was yapping for like 10 min still love you tho
11:57 you just described uncle Ted
Oh my gosh, I just listened to the red thread podcast. So good, so funny!
DUDE 10MINS TO START THE VIDEO WTF?!?!
Wendigoon, when are you going to do more Sunday Studies? Those were highly enjoyable!
#4 on trending congrats Wendigoon
20:03 As a Tasmanian that pronunciation had my in tears! It's pronounced more like "thigh-la-seen" down here, but most still just call it a Tassie Tiger.  Regardless of that jab, love your stuff!  Also, there are lots of conspiracies out there that the Tigers are still out there on the west coast, since it's mostly untouched wilderness that no human has ever gone to before. I personally don't believe, but there's a lot here who do!
Wendigoon try not to upload banger after banger challenge (impossible)
Bigfoot is named Darryl, get it right
👍
As a northern Michigan dude who's lived and worked and been in and out of Wexford county my whole life, I didn't think anything of it when you mentioned it because it's common vernacular here. But then it registered that Wendigoon just mentioned this tiny county in my neck of the woods where I would have never expected a famous person to ever know about. Not that he'll remember it or look into it or anything, but the fact I just watched my favorite youtuber talk about one of two small town counties I've spent my whole life in, is awesome. Even though it was only mentioned because of a rather famous cryptid 😂  Edit: Also, if you read this Wendigoon, I encourage you to watch the What Lurks Beneath video where he interviews a dude who has a dogman story. It's kinda cool and not as easy to immediately tell if it's someone making something up or not.
Please do the Van Meter Visitor
Aww man chupacabra has to be like S tier for me. Its way more terrifying than any of the other cryptids as it goes after animals and humans alike for their blood. We know very little of it, and it can easily pounce on or flee from any potential sightings with how it can potentially fly if not basically move like it can.  Maybe its just cuz im part mexican, but hearing abuela talk about it will keep you up for nights. Might as well be hearing about la llorona for the first time a child.
Wow, and here I was sure a Wendigo would be on this top tier, guess I'll have to wait for that one
Just thought of something intensely depressing. If we're counting animals like the Thylocine as cryptids, then that means that the White Rhino is now a cryptid 🙃
I'm sorry dad, I skipped through the sponsor 😞
appreciate it iceberg boy 🙌🏼
did you get engaged? wendigroom? o,0
Virgin Youtubers: Stretching the video to 10 minutes for ad revenue Chad Wendigoon: Doesn't even start the video for 10 minutes
Well a book could be a cryptid if marked with the stamp of Jurgen Leitner
Bro really had a 10 and a half minute intro …
Algorithm for my boy
pugot
Mr Goon, you could take the next 5 years to upload this series and I'd still watch everyone multiple times
FINALLY IVE BEEN WANTING HIM TO DO THIS FOR SO LOOOONNNGGGG. His videos are the best to go to sleep to
Wonder if he’ll cover the hide behind
Tier one starts at 10:30
I always learn new things from his iceberg vids and they make the beat background vids too! Keep it up Wendi!
I grew up in Northern Michigan, and I saw the Dogman when I was about 13 or 14.
Nearly 10 minutes in until you actually start the video bro, DAME
Reminder that Giant Squid were cryptids for centuries until they were decisively proven to exist due to a freak beaching event in the 19th century. Anything could be out there.
I pray to God that the South African Tokoloshe is on this cryptid iceberg somewhere. Wendigoon if you see this you gotta investigate the Tokoloshe, they bite off your feet when asleep in South Africa/Zimbabwe regions. They will also climb up long drop toilets and scratch out your butt with their claws
i live in wexford, mi. still always feel a little uneasy whenever i’m in the woods at dark.
Woah we have matching hoodies
you goofy goober
this guy is like the master of insensitive cultural appropriation
My guy how tf did you have a 10 and a half minute intro???
The Jersey Devil's favorite food is blueberries.   I learned this from Weird NJ, which is also where I also read someone's request to the magazine for "naked pictures of the Jersey Devil" for "definitely not for masterbatory reasons".
There is a guy currently looking for the thylacine, because he believes they still exist in untouched areas. He's also looking for other thought to be extinct mammals in other untouched areas of the world. I can't remember his name right now, but he's a real interesting guy.  Also he pronounces it thy-la-scene. Just felt like letting everyone know.
BRING SUNDAY SCHOOL VIDEOS BACK❗️❗️❗️🗣🗣🗣
I need the sequel urgently.
Hey, just wanted to let you know that the skunk ape photo is not from Ripley's. Actually, there are 2 different photos of it and the creature moves in between photos. So at the very least its costume, if not, an orangutan. It's something physical in there thats able to move in between photos. So, uh, yeah, just have fun sleeping tonight.
If mothman is s tier, Bigfoot should be
We have the same energy.. in 9th grade computer clasd we had to do a powerpoint presentation teaching the class about our favorite hobby, was going to do shooting but teach didnt figure that was a good idea so i did cryptids of North America
Can’t wait for you to go over the Loveland Frog Man, love that guy
I'm really hoping Boto Cor de Rosa comes up on the iceberg. Brazil has some crazy urban legends
will man bear pig be on the iceberg👀
i’ve been waiting and asking for this since u first started with ur conspiracy theory iceberg. i’m so happy u finally did it !!!
Ah yes, the inconceivably mystical cryptid final boss himself "Dan Akroyd" (0:48)
Wendi please make a video over Scientology
Wendi you beautiful man! I wanted something to go to sleep listening to and I saw you posted this. I love your channel and I love listening to your stuff when I go to bed
so excited for theeeseee
Now we need a mista gg and wendigoon podcast
the thylacine was native to australia, tasmania and new GUINEA. not new zealand. new zealand has no native mammals except for the bat.
God I hope the Loveland Frogs come up soon, those guys are amazing Also when I was young I was obsessed with Bud Lucky’s short Boundin’ (Pixar), and since the main guy is a jackalope, even though I’m a West Coaster I genuinely cheered out loud when he mentioned them, lol
At least most of these weren’t B-Tier 💁‍♂️
Oh wow i subscribed at just the right time i was looking for a video about the cryptid iceberg
tier 1 starts at 10 mins, thats almost 1/3 of the whole vid thats a bit annoying
Mad love to wendigoon ❤❤
honestly, the start was too long. i liked your videos better when you just assumed we knew everything and not explain the basics
the thylacine being discounted is pretty disappointing - some of the most interesting and compelling cryptids are extinct animals that have been sighted in modern times (ex. the honshū wolf photographs, the numerous accounts of living moa) and it's kind of a bad precedent to just skip over them solely because they're fairly recent extinctions
nessie deserves the highest of tiers, without her we wouldn’t have “you named my daughter after the lochness monsterrrrr”
Why would you make the tier list in the same video as the iceberg 💀 Lost some profit, views, watch time and so on from that Wendi
let’s go iceberg boy
I love you Wendy
eeeeeeh i had a lot of issues with this one unfortunately, simple one to point out is you praise the jackalope for having an innocent origin as “settler tall tales” when the reality is almost certainly jackalope sightings were real sightings of rabbits and hairs with facial tumours which are tragically common
Tiny Tiger from Crash Bandicoot is a thylacine.
I love your content but man that intro was so long, 10 mins to get into the actual video, that’s 1/3 of this videos runtime before the iceberg actually starts
I like to tell my Spanish co worker that I’ve seen the Chupacabra on many occasions.. it’s scares him , and it brings me much joy
I have a weird thing for aquatic cryptids specifically.
A bit pathetic that it takes you more than 10 minuten to actually start the video.
Dude Yeti's were just angry and peaceful Eskimos who were misunderstood by the masses exploring that terrain, sometimes these guys got mad at other people fuckin with their shit and they went berserk
why is the intro so long like just get to it
West Virginia mentioned !
“BABE WENDIGOON POSTED THE CRYPTID ICEBERG🗣️😮🙏😝”
i like the idea of the tier list, but it should be a separate video
the dogman, huh. furries, its your time now.
finally I can start my wendigooning shesh!!!!
10:00-skip the fluff
Me freaking out, worrying that he won’t give Mothman an S tier rating and the immense relief when he reveals that he has the correct opinion
For the thylacine entry, it's related to cryptid topics because decades after they were thought to be extinct, people would report sightings of them fairly frequently.
Can’t wait to get my Wendi hoodie
My boy showing us a fish at 33:18 but my mind cannot unsee a real life Pokemon xd Also great video dude
iceberg boy is my favourite
Dang, only layer 1 today. :'] It hurts so good. I need more plz.
Homeboy actually starts the list at 10:33
10:25 thank me later.
Genuinely though Isaiah- I was in a dark place with my faith for a while, because the way that my family practices faith is not a way that works for me - I didn’t believe in god, and lost sight of the love of Christ. I started watching your videos on icebergs and such, before stumbling across your Sunday school videos. You have helped me to find god in my own way in my own time and I am so grateful for that. Thanks dad <3
Look how much this channel has grown in the last year! Road to 10 million subs has begun ❤
Please tell me the Fresno Night walker is in here
video starts at 10:31
Should have done tier one and a half
I always thought the jackalope was an extinct species… damn
DADS BACK DADS BACK YEAAAAAAAAAAA
long ahh intro
Video start at 10:03
Looking forward to the next episode. That isn't pressure to be hard on yourself. But i hope you can stick to your personal goals. You have a lot going on. Love your content
Mothman is such a perfect cryptid story. He has IT ALL. Scary sightings, a tragic omen, Men in Black rumors, government/military conspiracy, a shiny metal ass. What else could you ask for??
watching this as i work on the finishing touches of my fully illustrated, well researched cryptid alphabet book (i’m an art student)…. if only i had this video to start with 🥲 kappa were by far the most intriguing
No ones talking bout ten min of ads shiii
There are fairly recent sightings of the Thylacine, that’s why it’s on there
Thank you for watching pause needs to get progressively longer during this series every time you say it
So happy iceberg boys back on his grind
Been looking forward to this!
Mothman at S tier is a huge W. I’m a WV native so I’m biased but I was stoked about that
omg he's using tea time again!
Hi wengidoon 😅 i love u
Yoooo, wendigoon said my last name🤯
Iceburg starts at 10:30
skip to 10:28 for the beginning of the video 👍
I have a piece of art called ‘the Yeti at Dyatlov Pass’ as my phone wallpaper
the kraken is SSS+ tier in my mind, body, and soul
One relatively unknown cryptid from my area you should cover is the White Bluff Screamer, idk if it is on the cryptid list of not but I just had to mention it
I love that you brought up Josh and Destination truth. Love that show and miss it dearly.
#3 on trending! Proud of you wendigoon!!
so to add onto the Jackalope, ive always assumed it was a misunderstanding of the Shope papilloma virus that rabbits can get. Its been documented for quite a while now. HOWEVER against my own point, the "horns" that rabbits grow with the virus do NOT look like antlers
0:49 why is Dan Akroyd listed as a cryptic lmfao
Very excited for the completion of this series so I can binge watch every layer ^w^
Watching the ad as I begin the three day process of consuming an entire family sized stofers lasagna is peak comedy in my eyes
I've been looking forward to this.
I love the kraken so much because we only know like what 20% of things about the ocean? theres 80% that we still havent discovered and the idea that i giant squid existing among that which we havent found is so freaky and cool
I think the west Coast one with the shadow people standing up on ridge are interesting
Yeti Santa, my favorite Christmas Cryptid
My mom had me convinced that Jackalopes were real for an embarrassing amount of time. I only found out they weren't when I asked someone else what the creature ate. It's a funny inside joke in my family now and I got one tattooed some years back.
FINALLY!!!
Babe wake up Wendigoon is dropping a new cryptid video every day as an advent Calendar
None of them beat Mothman and the Fresno Nightcrawlers
I’ve been so excited for this for too long :)
Haven’t watched the video yet but just wanted to say when I was a kid there was like a 8-14 month streak where I legit could barely sleep every single night because I was so terrified of the moth man. Anyways let’s start watching I’m excited!
You forgot God, Satan, Jesus, Santa, the Easter bunny, and the tooth fairy.
LETS FUCKUNG GOIOO
No way… a wendigoon x meat canyon podcast? First podcast to immediately peak my interest in AWHILE
Can we get an iceberg boy hat?
Go go iceberg boy
THE FACT THAT I WASNT THE ONLY MIDDLE SCHOOLER TO DO A REPORT ON THE CHUBRACOBRA MAKES ME FEEL SO MUCH BETTER LMAO
I camp In the pine barrens of NJ a lot, The Jersey Devil scared me to death as a kid now I enjoy sleeping in the middle of the woods lol
10 minute intro is something only wendigoon can make me stick through and enjoy
Actual iceberg content starts at 10:30
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me - John 14:6. I felt led to share this with you all 🥰
Love you wendigoon but you gotta tone down with the long intros
I absolutely love cryptids and cryptozoology so this is a fantastic video for me!! But I just wanted to say - the thylacine (while an awesome creature) wasn't native to New Zealand, it was an endemic Australian species. We here in Kiwiland don't really have much in the way of native mammals except for bats, it's mostly birds and reptiles!
I grew up in New Jersey and in, like, 3rd grade? I think? We went on a field trip to the Pine Barrens and they made sure to talk about the Jersey Devil in-between the maple syrup, sassafras, cranberries, and cedar water. My wuss ass was so scared of it that I couldn't even think about it for years lol
I'm just hoping giants are on the iceberg.
So I noticed the information on the Thylacine was pretty slim so I, as an Australian, felt it was my duty to fill the gaps.  The Thylacine (pronounced thigh-la-seen) is a now extinct carnivorous marsupial which was sometimes known as the Tasmanian Tiger. The animal went extinct due to bounty hunting due to their threat to livestock. The last of the Thylacine died in Hobart Zoo in 1936, though despite this, people still report sightings to this day. Not just in Tasmania but on the mainland of Australia as well.   I have a feeling that these Thylacine sightings are people spotting large feral cats or mistakenly seeing and misidentifying a dingo, but I would love to believe that the Thylacine is still out there.
make more merch, I got a lot of friends who watch you and I really want to get someone some of your merch (as well as some for myself)
Is the Wulver on you list?? i need it to be on this iceberg!!!
wendigoon te amo
“My wife” :) very happy for you
I wonder...
Makes you think
I cannot wait for this series
Hmm
Video doesn’t really start until like 9:30
10 minutes and 30 seconds of pure yapping before we even got to the iceberg.  Crazy
So what about the fallow up about giants you said you were going to do?im still looking forward to it.
For all the cryptid lovers out there another great podcast is Cryptid Campfire!
You are no longer iceberg boy, i dub you Iceberg man
We received your hoodie and LOVE IT!!! it's the comfiest, nicest hq hoodie we've ever had. The glow in the dark thread ROCKS!! OK LOVE U BYEE!
I cannot wait for you to get my boy the Squonk. Poor guy deserves more love.
WOOOO MY HOME STATE MONSTER MOTH MAN LETS GOOOO
YES
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE YOU HAVE TO CHECK OUT META ZOO ITS A CRYPID BASED POKÉMON TCG ITS SO CUTE THEY JUST DID A COLLAB WITH SANRIO
Nice band shirt the weeks are awesome
You don't have to say Lake loch ness. Loch means Lake :)
On a scale of 1-10 how dope was it to get to say wife?
Not you saying the chupacabra is C tier...
Never heard the term Cryptid until wendigoon. Glad to see the vid is finally here 😂
Nice to see iceberg boy going back to the basics!
good video but c'mon video starts 12 minutes in 💀
im wendigooning to this iceberg boy video
10 minute intro is crazy
Hell. Yes.
okay iceberg boy pop off
As someone who lives in Wyoming I will say messing with tourists about the jackallopes and other things never gets old.
Maybe the cryptids are the friends we made along the way
Iceberg boy is back at it smh my head he gonna get frostbite on this one i swear.
super glad to see Cryptid content, i will be eagerly awaiting each video
Can’t believe the Dover Demon wasn’t in the first tier of the burg!
Alright, 10 minutes into the video we can start 😮‍💨
Shrinkflation is real. 10 min of the video was ads and promos and i gotta wait for rest
Kraken not being S tier is criminal
why is the intro so long
hopefully part 2 won't have a 10 min intro lol
Gotta love the fake jakalopes in all the Wyoming gas stations 💀👍
For the next episode, I have more cryptids from South America that you might wanna check out:  Mula Sem Cabeça, Saci Pererê, Curupira, Boto Cor de Rosa, Cuca, Boiatá, Véio do Saco and Corpo Seco.
WENDY GIVE ME MORE CRYPTID ICEBERG
Hey Wendi love your stuff. It’s pronounced a Thyla- Seen not Kine. So thylacine is “Thyla- Seen” 20:18  loveyour stuff  hope I don’t sound like a douche. Also the reason it’s called a cryptid is because it’s said to still exist even tho science considers it extinct. The most likely location would not be in Tasmania but actually Palau New Guinea in the dense jungles and valleys were small populations may still thrive
10 minute intro
Isiah, we would never say we hate anything you ever do and want you to stop - we all love what you do and will support you in all your endeavors :)
How is the jackelope on top of el chupacabra smh
Thyla'kine'
Wendigoon is a Corvette enthusiast confirmed.
Cryptids are more interesting to me when they're described as just normal animals that we haven't documented yet.  Idk if that's just me but I can't really get invested in things that are too "out of this worldly".
Looking forward to this series :)
This Series is gonna slap
Just fyi, loch itself means lake so no need to say e.g. lake loch ness. ^^
hey wendi!! have you heard of the theory that the loch ness monster was (either accidentally or intentionally) summoned by aleister crowley when he was performing the infamous abramelin ritual at the castle there? like some kind of interdimensional dino hell-beast?? look into this if not, it might bump nessie up in the interesting factor for you!!
*#3 ON TRENDING LET’S GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
Can’t wait for you to talk about Man Bear Pig!!!!!
oh im so jazzed for this series gonna be so honest Nessie is S tier for me simply bc i love her & she's cute
Iceberg boy + cryptid iceberg = "i have been waiting years for this" Keep it up ❤
ICE BERG BOIIIIII
Wendigoon are you going to cover the Australian drop bear?
NJ stays winning
I remember that exact scary picture of the skunk ape in a cryptid book in my elementary school library that stuck with me too, so nostalgic seeing it again 12+ years later in a wendigoon video
29:26 Jersey devil was the one who creeped/s me out the most. It really inspired my love of horror and mystery and mystic happenings.
The avatar has returned, we missed you iceberg boy
Omg I’m so excited for this!!! Thank you so much Wendigoon!!! ❤️❤️❤️
🍿🍿🍿
I love how your videos is you talking to the camera and irl visuals. Looking forward to the rest of the videos!
whale penis sounds horrifying
Iceburg boy doing what he does best
ik some people aren’t the biggest fan of icebergs but i love when he does iceberg videos because it so cool to learn about so many different things in short time and they always turn out very good!!
I like wendigoon’s videos a lot but I’m just gonna say taking (no exaggeration) over 10 minutes to get to the iceberg is kinda ass. Like he didn’t even say anything of importance in that whole time and it’s over a third of the video. Piss-poor video planning, im sorry.
yoooo The Weeks shirt. MY guy
YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS ANOTHER WENDIGOOOONNNNN VID
As someone with an interest in the ecology of fantastical creatures, this is exactly my jam. I'm definitely looking forward to the rest of this series.
My immediate reaction on seeing this:  Y  E  S
Dude, you should read The Mothman Prophecies by John Keel. It's a truly fascinating look into that series of events and personally I'd love to see a full-fledged Mothman video come into fruition. Just throwing that out there
I'm from Vermont, and growing up we would often take the ferry across Lake Champlain to get to Plattsburgh, NY. Every time we took that ferry when I was a kid I would drag my dad to the side of the boat to see if we could see Champ. D tier is absolutely criminal tho pal
I wonder if you’ll cover the snallygaster which is a cryptid local to western md. The description sounds like an acid trip and supposedly he has turf wars with the Middletown wolf man
WOOOOO YEHA FUCK YEAAAHHHHH YESSSSS
When are we getting more Wendigoon Merch bro? I finally have money to buy something from you! 😭😭
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Merry Christmas iceberg boy
Nah, we love it
I'm sad that the Flatwoods Monster wasn't in tier 1, but he gets overshadowed by Mothman a lot already.  Also I think the dogman should be lumped in with the Fiji mermaid as "created by one guy" and disqualified.
Bro i love the content so much but please try to make the intros less than 10 minutes long or atleast time stamp the start before upload... PLEASE
So excited for the rest of the tiers. Definitely gonna watch them on repeat like the other icebergs but...."Kinda overrated" right next to the Nessie flag that sits there staring back at us. RIP Nessie 😭🎻
Does anybody want him to do a updated JFK assassination video. I for one would love him to do a updated video on it.
Best Christmas gift we could've ever ask for!
I swear that I heard "next up we have the crackhead" instead of "the kraken"
I've seen a jackalope
cant wait next video!
I enjoyed. Just letting you know 👀
Thanks for always making the absolute best content, man.
Video starts 10:30
Damn bro talked for 10 mins straight before even saying anything forreal loool GG Man U win buddy imma head out king
nice thank you for this comfy look into horrible murder beings
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK!!
13:46 Nessie did inspire an NPC in EarthBound as well as "Synchronicity II", the Police's hardest song, so points for that...
idk if it's just me, but taking ten minutes to get into the episode is getting annoying. I get wanting to get the sponsored stuff out of the way, including your own, but I'm sick of turning on an episode and it just taking ten minutes to start. Love your channel wendigoon, but I just gotta say this is a bad direction imo.
I'm literally wearing a jackolope shirt rn. 🤣🤣
gyat man, lengthy yap session at the start
Mothman is such a perfect cryptid story. He has IT ALL. Scary sightings, a tragic omen, Men in Black rumors, government/military conspiracy, a shiny metal ass. What else could you ask for??
Awesome video, really happy to see more icebergs on this channel. You're great for putting on in the background while doing other things.
Time to make comparisons with C.M. Kosemen's Cryptid Review as each new video comes out!
Tasmania AND Australia?! Golly
I love over 10 minute long intros
thyla-seen. bro needs to research pronunciations too😭
YES
New iceberg hype!!
@10:27 iceberg starts
episode starts at 10:30 , gl hf
When a horny rabbit beats my vampire lizard all because Tex-Mex culture ruined my boy’s cool factor…. 🚬 😤💔
You should look into the stuff we have in New Mexico. I personally have seen some freaky stuff especially in the ute and Navajo tradition.
Can't wait for van meter monster
Today marks the day Wendigoon was 1 place above trending than Taylor Swift, and the fact he made it onto the trend page
My man did the kraken dirty.
Finally!!!! I loooove cryptids lmao
Need the Wendigoon Iceberg-Iceberg video/list.
Alaskan Bull Worm? Or is it just in a deeper tier?
marine cryptids like the lochness monster, sea serpents, kraken, etc are always so fascinating to me because they can often be linked to species we've discovered. the legend of sea serpents may come from oarfish, who frequently linger at the surface of the water when they're sick or dying, and the kraken can be linked to colossal squids. my favourite explanation for the lochness monster is that it might just be a whale penis, which is incredibly funny to think about.
peter cain having a field day on dogman
Cant wait for Wendigoon to discuss the DropBear
7 minutes of fucking introduction!!!!
As a Floridian, I remember being terrified of skunk ape
OG WEDNDI IS BACK
AGH. I LOVE IT WHEN ICEBERG BOY MAKES CONTENT FOR ME TO CONSUME
loved the idea, but im still waiting for gemini home entertainment 2! great work as always!
Take all the time you need and make as many videos as you have to. I will watch every single one multiple times regardless. 😂🫶
Disagree wholeheartedly. Nessie’s position as a face of cryptozoology warrants at least B tier
why did you put the thylacine in N/A? it's in the iceberg because thousands of people think it still exists, with sightings in papua new guinea, it has its place here, it is to opposums what megalodon is to sharks
there are things to say about sea serpents which aren't covered by the kraken stuff: for example, it's theorized the sightings of "serpents" could have been groups of whales showing their backs at the horizon, so we have explanations, it has its place but lower than the kraken
Wel the dog man isn’t without historical basis. Cynocephali are a race of dog headed men and it is believed by a lot of Christians that St Christopher was one
We love you iceburg-san
Windagoon is a cryptid
Welcome back to the Iceberg, Iceberg boy.
I really like small animals
Been here around 5 hours cant tell if he started or not yet
you love intros dont you goddam
I’ve been waiting for this for so long thank you
Man I am late
I can’t wait to hear about squonk 🥺
can't wait for the new supercut video im going to watch at least once a week
Everyone knows Dogman was created because a police man and his dog got into a car crash and the only reason they could survive was sewing the dogs head onto the man, now he fights crime 🙄🙄
YIPEE‼️‼️
10:00 is the actual start of the video
Are you Brandon Herrera's son?
I hated this, do something else           Nah JK, I love your content
Mf took 10 min for an intro
Iceberg boy is back!
Thylacine = thigh la seen
ICEBURG BOY BLESSES THE SEASON
Thylacine may make a comeback
i’ve lived around where dogman is from my whole life. as a kid, everyone i knew was absolutely terrified of him, including myself, and my mother when she was a child. dogman isn’t too scary face value, and i think his ranking is fair, but holy shit i am still afraid of him and i’m an adult 😭
I watched an episode of a Bigfoot hunter show and they CAUGHT BIGFOOT and then forgot to lock the cage so he got away but they played it off as 100% real please tell me I wasn’t the only one to see it
i knew your appalachian ass was gonna put mothman in S tier
Iceberg Wendigoon!!!!!!!!!
You hardcore discounted the dog man my dude
14:27
bro 10 minutes of ads? wtf is this
LETS GOOO i was watching another video but turned it off to watch this as soon as i saw it
The dog man originally comes from local Native American legends. It didn’t just appear after a disc jockey made a song about him.
Lets go finally!!!!
Id say wendigoon is too harsh to Yeti and Skunk Ape when the same criticism can be said reversely to Big Foot XD
My guy said lake Loch Ness (lake lake Ness)
THE ICEBERG STARTS AT 10:30
Tasmania isn't a country. It's a state of Australia. 🤔
Will the insulindian phasmid and the col-do-ma-ma-daqua be covered as well?
Ugh, mothman over Bigfoot? I'm so sick of mothman... it's always the same stories over and over. No new info, no new stories, no new "evidence". At least with Bigfoot there's always something new to discuss... even if it turns out to be fake.
big enjoy.
Watching this at 8 so it feels spooky, suns been down for 3 hours so it feels like midnight.
Iceberg + tier list is the final boss of long form youtube content
I find it viscerally funny that the Bloop is on the Cryptid Iceberg given that it's literally just an Iceberg, not a Crypyid
The Tasmanian Tiger may still be alive. There was a reported trail cam sighting some years back.
Go on Iceberg boy, make more videos
Finally I have been waiting for his version of this
Oh no you said his name!
Video starts at 10:30
If any of these cryptids truly exist, they have no idea that we are ranking them.
28:39 Lol don't feel like you have to make your life a perfect cartoon for us, though we of course appreciate the work you put into these videos!!
YEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH BROTHERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Starts at 10:30
Chupacabra folk tales go back more than a century in Chilean storytelling. It just didn't become popularized as well as given a 'caricature' of some sort until the years when X-Files was dominating pop-culture in North America
woo
This is awesome man can’t wait for more parts been waiting for this!
That’s right Iceberg Boy, come crawling back to your real fans!
There's more to Nessie than the surface level touristy stuff though.  The original lore among the local Scots is that Nessie had spiritually dark, almost demonic connotations to it.  Its only after Nessie and the story became commercialized that it became  sanitized.
JACKALOPES AREN'T REAL?! /j
He doesn't even start talking about specific cryptids until 10:30. Just skip to that spot. The intro is too long.
Don't know if you'll mention it in a later part of the series but the Jackalope really reminds me of the south german tale of the "Wolpertinger", it's also a rabbit-like creature with antlers, duck feet and generally just a lot of animal parts mixed together. There are lots of taxidermies where they built something like that. It's a really old and interesting tale.
This is the shortest video of yours I've seen by about 90 minutes.
Yesss another iceberg series 💪🏽💯
I remember the fall in 2009 when I tried to hunt Champy so I could make chowder for everyone in Plattsburgh NY.  Good times, but I wasn't able to get the job done.
I cant believe you didn't have Man bear pig. He's half man, half bear, half pig and real!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
At first, when Lauren Coleman popped up on the screen, I thought you were listing him as another N/A cryptid. Alas, he is not.
I'm pretty sure the Jersey Devil is a hammerhead bat
DANG number 2 on trending?!?
Of this and all the other vids today on my recommended feed, guess which one I clicked on first.  This one.  It was this one.
video starts at 10:22  holy shit you're welcome
hype
If you see this check out the Haunted Cosmos
I just failed NNN
Thank You Iceberg Boy.
Listening to this made me and my bigfoot shorts sad
video starts at 10:25  i really love your content but 10 minutes intro is tough
I love how this is higher up on trending than Drake and Taylor swift rn lmao
I'll be honest, I usually skip the first layer of an iceberg because it's well known by its very nature and so not terribly interesting. But your vibe and presentation make any video a must watch!
Fun fact: The second Chupacabra sighting was at my old neighbours house in PR back in the 90s. My elderly neighbour had gone outside to check on her goats and she saw what she described as a "very, very ugly dog" biting and chewing on her goats and she scared it away with a broom. The next day my uncle went to scope out the place, but he didn't find anything but some blood not too far off from the goats.  That place where the Chupacabra was seen was my favourite place to play when I was a little kid and NO ONE told me.
Iceberg boy is back babyyyy 🙏🏻
I took it personally when champie got put in D tier but that stupid rabbit antelope thing was put in B tier.
WENDIGOON I'M A BIG FAN!
oh hell yeah time to lose my mind
if you are interested in a look into cryptozoology from a scientific perspective , looking at the proof provided and what cryptids might be if they did exist etc . trey the explainer here on youtube is a great source for that !
22:02 😁 .. Sure... Just go hiking around the PNW; there's no predatory animals at all to worry about up there. Lol, rest assured there are a number of deadly, extremely large and highly territorial, species of bear, elk, moose, that can easily take several gunshots as they close in on you to maul, trample, and rend you to pieces. That's only accounting for a few of the solitary non-social beasts; there are also many with that 'pack oriented social mentality' (think: wolves for starters), then you might also meet a relative of the well known, angry, hostile and Honeybadger: it's crack and PCP smoking cousin called the "Wolverine" (wolverine will punk a Honeybadger for its lunch any day of the week).. 😂 I truly wish that going for a nice chill, no issues hike through the PNW would be the way you envisioned it though because it would be so glorious to make the trek down and up all of the trails without a care in the world.
I’m so excited for this series, the conspiracy theory iceberg was the first thing I watch by you
Your intro is as long as a whole video big bro
As a Texan, I will not stand for this Chupacabra slander. In all seriousness, I think the Chupacabra is way cooler if you imagine it as a lizard/coyote hybrid. I've always imagined it as a large lizard with a sort of canine posture, random thin patches of coyote like fur, sharp spines sticking out of its back, and beady red eyes. I think it's really cool but maybe I'm just biased because it's my state cryptid.    Also, I just want to mention, since the Chupacabra is the goat sucker, it's enemies with the Goatman
Kraken not being S tier borders on war crime
10 minute intro thankyou modern YouTube
About dang time beard boy
Skip to 10:33 in the vid to get to the ice burg
Most exciting series you’ve put out since the conspiracy theory one, hell yeah. Also love the vette wall art
Vid starts at 10:30 😶‍🌫
Noice!!!!!
MICHIGAN MENTIONED!!!!!!
pls cover the tizzy whizzy shes the best cryptid
2:31 HOUSE OF LEAVES SPOTTED
do the fresno hotdogger next
how do you have a tazzie tiger on a cryptid video? They exist.
I love Josh Gates, hearing his name made me double take. I'm looking forward to the other videos of this serie!
if were referring to nessie as a plesiosaur,  ***MARINE REPTILE  COUGH COUGH
whattt tasmania mentioned??! yay!! i live there!!! thylacine!!!
#2 on trending, wow, congrats!!
I paused the video and said out loud  "If he doesn't S-tier mothman, he's done... finished. Cancelled forever"
The fact that the Coelacanth made it to ACNH😭
Most youtubers: "video has to be at least 10 minutes long for the algorithm!" Wendi: 10 minutes intro 😂
Iceberg boy has blessed us again
I would like a several hour iceberg iceberg video taling about different icebergs. But this is good too.
My boy I know that you need to eat but 10 minutes of intro and ads for your other projects, damn... The rest of the video is fine
10:30 is when the video starts
Natasha Henstridge is the Chupacabra. Not kidding.
we are so back
okay iceberg boy
I'm excited to hear all the other tiers. I wonder where the Loveland Frog Man falls?
here we go
So many treats in the beginning bro🤙🏽
YESSS ILY DUDE!!
Only 5 years in prison for killing Bigfoot? Not too bad honestly.
My grandma used to tell my cousins and I  stories about the agga bagga who was a witch that would steal children and put them inside mountains to eat later
I’m quite surprised Mountain Monsters wasn’t in this
ICEBURG BOY IS BACK! 😀😀 On m favorite stuff even! Thank you Sunday School Daddy for this seasonal blessing.
Christmas came early, and so did I when i saw this upload
the thylacine might be on there because it might not be extinct! kinda like the coelecanth!
Iceberg starts 10 minutes in, promotion is a bit excessive in this one.
how is the rake NOT tier one?? he has like several movies
PAPA WENDIGOON IS BACK
Ah yes, the internets favorite uncle who always has cool stories to tell
Jakalope actualy is the same creature , for the most part, as the German Whupatanger ( i have no clue how to spell it, im sorry).  The german cryptid is a rabbit with antlers too, however they are invisible and all around us. But if you get drunk enough, you might be able to see them as they can only be seen when completly sloshed. 😁😁 Leave it to us germans to have cryptids you can only see if you drink enough lmao.
I can't find your podcasts cause both of them share a name with several more popular podcasts.
As a Vermont native I’m so happy to see Champ on this iceberg! Too bad about the tier placement tho -  Champ is like a big lake puppy! Sweet and wise!!
good vid. ccan i be in next? lol
Starts at 10:28 😊
22:59 shein ad lol
I feel honored knowing wendigoon visited my hometown
As someone from South Jersey I remember going on a field trip one year to a sort of recreation of a colonial town with a mini museum and tucked away from the place was this building at the edge of the tree line with a massive painting of the Jersey Devil I honestly wish I could remember where it was we went because we got to see the inside of that building
👍😁
Ah man I love Cryptids so much. I know In my heart so many cryptids are real.
Video begins at 10:25
we are SO back
Oh god this is exciting
Actually video starts at 10:28
CHAMP MENTIONED! LETS GO. He's also a local baseball mascot. let's go lake monsters!
I once saw a really cool video explaining how yetis could actually be bears!
10 minutes in, and we on the first one
champie is goated D tier is a travesty i cant believe this
Video starts at 10:30? U gotta slim that down at least a lil bit
DISCO ELYSIUM REFERENCE????
One of my favorite YouTubers? Covering one of my favorite things on the planet? Awesome!!!! I can’t wait until you cover the Squoink :)
Wendigoon on trending?? Heck yes! Congratss!
love you wendigoon, but my girl nessie is s tier because she is a queen
Chupacabra legend is really big here in Brazil. There is a lot of content and research done on this creature. Recommend to all of you who can find and read this tales of Chupacabra on brazilian land.
#2 on trending⁉️⁉️⁉️ heck yeah
Got my Wendigoon hoodie today!
Poob's birthday and Christmas all at once.
10 minutes later..
“A book can’t be a cryptid” got the SCP punching the air rn
FINALLY ITS HAPPENING 😁😁😁
Oh hell yeah! Iceberg boy is back!
8:38 “It actually (imbibes one molecule of green) tastes just fine.”
I AM YIPPEEING THANK U WENDIGOON I'm LOVINF it
Good going, iceberg boy.
Alternative title of the video should be "American rates American Criptids above everyone else's"
Love the hoodie! Looks better on me lmao
Iceberg boy back at it again
There was 9 minutes of intro before the video, what the hell man.
kisses you on the cheek respectfully and platonically
10 minutes dude, 10 minutes
I am SO EXCITED
Very stoked that the Hodag is on the list as someone who got to play on the statue of it in Rhinelander as a kid
Jackalopes are technically real! There's a virus called the papilloma virus which can occur in wild rabbits, and it gives them these black, antler-like tumors that sprout all over their head. It's pretty gross, but it could explain where the legend came from.
When he mentioned Josh Gates I almost screamed. I have been watching him with my dad since the beginning of known history, but also the fact that this video has only been up for less than a day, and is #2 on trending!!! I remember when this channel had less than a million subscribers and I'm just so happy to see it grow and get more popular!
Iceberg boy
My favorite fact about the jersey devil is that one of the earlier sightings was made  by Joseph Bonaparte, Napoleon's brother who was the king of spain living in exile in Bordentown.
ok but im 1000% sure i saw a jackelope in basic training at Lackland..those are real and should thus be N/A
Video starts at 09:50
Yes, please more.
WENDIGOON VIDEOOOOOO
Why are the videos so short now 😢
There was a kids animated movie about the loch ness monster that I liked
moth man has to have the greatest ass in cryptozoology
I can’t believe bro disrespect Bigfoot like that
Cool video ! A link for the iceberg?
Drop bear isn’t included because it’s real guys and the lizard people (also not included) want you to act like they’re not real then when you least expect they’ll get you.
Seeing House of Leaves in the background of the ad is giving me hopes of you making a video about it
#1 on Trending !!!!!!!
Puertorrican here. There's still a shitty chupacabra statue in a beachside parking lot in the municipality of Manatí in PR.
26:08 are you me? I did the same but with Mothman in 2008 lmao
WAIT DOES THE "S" TIER MEAN SUPREME?!?!?
We eating well in this December, comrades, daddy making a full course meal for this one.
good video
Yes. Lets go!
Vid starts at 10:00
I think YOU are the cryptid....you aren't real! Are you...?
Wendigoon🥰
Thylacine- thy-la-seen   Some of my mates are currently searching for remaining animals. A fully rigorous methodology is being used.
by this definition. is my dad a cryptid
Plesiosaurs are not dinosaurs
as someone who's grown up in the pine barrens i'm super hype to see the jersey devil ranked A tier. fun fact, in the early 1900's there were a couple reported attacks by the jersey devil where police allegedly shot at it, but it was apparently unaffected. everyone was so convinced that it was actually the jersey devil that a bunch of schools shut down and people went out to hunt it.
oh god new wendigoon and it's not even christmas
so is the first 10 minutes of this video just for padding? for more watch time? jokes on you im not that dumb and didnt give you that extra 10 minutes. if anyone who reads this hasnt watched the full video skip the first 10 minutes.
Liking before watching because FINALLY.
Yay
i live in the upstate new york area and have been in a boat on lake champlain and didnt see shit but champ is the only cryptid reported so close to my home, so it's special to me
My Pop-Pop loves to tell the story of what happened after he took my mom and uncles to the home of the Jersey Devil back in the '70s, which was probably some tourist trap thing lol. I think they might have lived in Jersey at the time, too. So they come home after learning all the spooky facts about the Jersey Devil, and my Pop-Pop asked my uncle John to go unplug something in the basement, and my uncle Bob went down with him. When he unplugged whatever it was he got a little shock from it, and my uncle Bob started screaming and crying running up the stairs "THE JERSEY DEVIL GOT HIM - THE JERSEY DEVIL GOT HIM!" lmao.
10 minute intro is craaaazzyyy. I love wendigoon tho
One thing that’s cool to note is that around the time chupacabra legends started, a ship bound for a zoo was confirmed to have a breeding pair of Tasmanian Tigers that were never found. So there is a theory growing that the chupacabra are just its descendants.
THANK YOU! I thought I was the only one that really did not like that particular image of the Skunk Ape.
Always believed that the chupacabra would be a little gross dog
Still waiting on the Weezer iceberg
I love this!  Thank you for covering this topic!!!  Also, are your hoodies coming back in stock at some point?  Really want one!
a whole 10 min intro is crazy
Yoooo cryptids
Literally been waiting for years. When he said he’ll do a cryptid iceberg on a conspiracy iceberg video one time and hadn’t dropped anything I’d lost all hope
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
In a town called Wall, SD there is a giant jackalope statue that you can sit on.
This is weird but it’s bothering me that I can’t tell if you’re sitting or standing
* "Thyla-seen"
Iceberg boy back at it again
Video starts at 10:25
All right, iceberg boy, let's see what you've been cooking up. Welp i finished it honestly you could make a iceberg vid about ceiling fans and id watch all of it
As a Mothman loving West Virginian, thank you for giving him the S rating. You're both the best!
Returning to your roots Iceberg Boy.
Y’all see the ring !!!
The thylacine is on the iceberg because there have been sightings of it long after it's supposed extinction in 1936. Just this summer there was a scientific study that gave support to for the thylacine surviving to the 2000s and even possibly (though unlikely) to today in remote parts of Tasmania. There are also thylacine reports in the island of New Guinea in recent years. Thylacine is the "animal that is supposed to be extinct but people still see it" type of cryptid.
Iceberg boy is returning to his roots yeah!
Thank you Iceberg Boy, very cool!
I was straight confused when you said thylacine
You've never done this topic before?
talk too  much
It’s like 12 days of Christmas but with cryptids this is awesome
Okay, iceberg boy
My attention span is so bad I forgot what the video was about after every „before we begin“
ice berg boy is back at it again
Wendigoon, it’s not “lake Loch Ness” it’s just “loch ness”. Loch is the Scottish word for lake
More please!!
Cryptozoology? Is that like the Logan Paul thing?
Has Wendi been working out? he looking like a tank
WENDIGOON TIME BABYYYYY
personally would have put the gosh darn kraken at triple S :/
Hey man, your a huge inspiration of mine when it comes to your icebergs! Love to see these videos pop into my feed, can't wait for the next few layers!
Drop bears should be cryptids
making history, my man. hallelujah
Didn’t know this was a teir list
for anyone that just wants to see the iceberg/tier list it starts at 10:30
The only thing that comes to my mind with Dogman is that video of that guy absolutely loosing his mind over a potential Dogman breaking into his barn.
😍
Really interesting, can't wait for the next ones. This is looking to be a new fav of mine on your channel  I do kinda disagree with your ranking, but whatever...  But seriously hows kraken not S-tier!?
Perfect to watch for lunch
Holy shit. 21 hours up, 768,XXX views and #2 in Trending. The man delivers.
I was going to give this a thumbs down if Mothman didn't get S tier. He got his props, now I'm off to join the Mothman cult in Fallout 76!
Hi Wendigoon! I'm so excited to see another iceberg series, I've been a huge fan since the start of the Conspiracy iceberg. I even got my hands on your first youtooz and he sits on my desk at work :)  In Australia we pronounce the Tasmanian Tiger as "Thyla-seen" just so you know. I'm so glad it got a mention because there's still sort of an urban legend here that it actually survived extinction, as many people claim to have seen them, although they most likely spotted feral cats or dingoes.   Nice touch with the tier list, can't wait for the rest of the series!
I just want to remember everyone that jackie chan fought the Chupacabra and won
aw fuck yeah Iceberg Boy back at it again with another immaculate banger
The thylacine is a cryptid bc some people have sighted them after the "extinction"
First item starts at 10:30
A tierlist and an iceberg in one video(series) is the Wendigoon version of going to a 4 course meal with a dessert on top of it. Can't wait for the other episodes.
Wendi, any chance you’ll drop those hoodies again?
Tasmanian tiger is on the list cuz people claim to Still see them
next episode now. chop chop iceberg man
Welcome back Iceberg Boy
loch means lake in gaelic and scots , you dont need to say lake loch ness hahaha
Don't ban me pls but Mothman to me is D tier at best 😭lmao
moth man time
dog ningen = dogman ??!!!
Hou can skip to 10:30 to start the video
#2 on trending, so proud of you Wendigoon!!!
Love the vids. Love The Weeks.
LETS GOOO
loved it
If you didn't put Mothman in S tier I was getting ready to riot
Thank you, iceberg boy!
Come on man taking the piss like a quarter of the video starts off with an advert
Thylacine deserves mention solely because people aren't sure when they actually died out.  we know when the last CAPTIVE one died in a zoo... the wild? really hard to say.  some think the wild population actually outlived the zoo population.  But no one can verify that... which is how it achieved cryptid status.  There are sightings CLAIMED to be Thylacines... but no one really knows.
10 minute intro.. that's too much man
love it when iceberg boy said "its icebergin time" then iceburged all over the place
This gives me hope for the WWII video
Merch??
Share your skin routine bruh
The iceberg shirt should be getting here soon I hope
i remember seeing some of these on an old show called lost tapes
Thank you so much
My hoodie is getting here soon.... This is the only time I've approved of daylight savings getting dark early
Haven't you already done this before?
btw since i KNOW its gonna be on here at some point: "ningen" is pronounced with a long i ("neen") and a hard g (like in "grass"). then again its probs recorded isnt it
As a Floridian, I don't care much about the skunk ape. I didn't hear of him til my late teens, so the scare factor wasn't there and it's just Florida Bigfoot. Maybe it has to do with me hearing absurd true stories and living by the West Coast and along Pasco County specifically, the most cursed county. Google weird stories in Florida and 98% will have taken place in Pasco.
Sorry dude, but you missed some huge context for the Jackalope. Rabbits can contract a disease that causes them to grow horn or antler-like projections out of their head. It's fairly horrifying. There's a decent chance that this has something to do with the origin of the Jackalope myth. It was first discovered in the midwest, after all.There are, in reality, horned rabbits on the American plains.
14:00 Did you even watch Scooby Doo and the Loch Ness Monster (Chris Nolan's inspiration for Inception. True story)?? I thought you did research for this video
I just hope you don't bring up that stupid mountain whale thing that's supposedly in Colorado. It's not from Colorado and I've never met a single person that's heard of it outside of nonColoradans bringing it up. I spent almost my entire life in Colorado and I've been to a vast majority of the state. It isn't a thing and I wish people would either stop bringing it up or attributed it to a different state.
I loved this please keep going!
From someone who watches plenty of iceberg videos, this guys videos are centered so much around him. It’s annoying constantly showing pictures and videos of your life and ultimately makes the video longer and is completely off topic.
THANK YOU I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS YESSSSSSSSSSS ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Wait, does this mean no more 3 hour uploads?
iceberg boy back at it
over 10 minutes of talking and ads before what i came to watch started????
The Kraken itself is definitively Fake...but the Creatures it is based on have a basis in reality. Thats the easiest way to describe it.
28:41 don't worry Iceberg Boy your massive forehead was blocking it 👍
THIGH LA SEEN 👽
I was looking forward to this video so much!
video starts at 10:30
Here me hoping some Australian cryptids like the Yowie or Drop Bear makes it on the list but no, an actual real animal that existed and is thought to be extinct made it instead smh
Thank u iceberg guy
good job, iceberg boy
Tfw video doesn't actually start for 10 minutes
i love you iceberg man
cryptozoology has been one of my childhood passions, so seeing one of my favorite creators talking about it brings me the most joy I've felt in a long time
This man has been my surrogate father for like 3 years now
You should do the femoid iceberg
I've been looking forward to this!
i live in the city right next to the everglades and growing up, i went to the “Skunk Ape Museum” a lot with my grandpa
Imagine Champy actually just being a floating log that looks suspiciously animal-like. Driftwood can be dangerous when not fully waterlogged, you normally can't see the whole thing but they can get insanely huge.
It takes 10 minutes for the video to start...
I love that this Iceberg was created by someone who works for the Cryptid Museum! I’m from Portland and have never gone but now I need to
Looking forward to listening to the full iceberg while at work.
Jersey devil better be c tier, especially because my dad scared the shit out of me talking about it and holding me over a bridge
Mothman is absolutely my favorite cryptid, its so interesting
Loving this topic :)
So can I just call you Wendi for short?
Alright i love Wendigoon but why tf does the actual video not start until 10:30?
Crazy that the iceberg video doesn’t actually start until 10 minutes in
WENDIGOON IS #1 ON TRENDING HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE HOW IS THE MONUMENT MYTHOS GUY MORE POPULAR THAN TAYLOR SWIFT THIS IS THE BEST TIMELINE
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH BABAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY
Actually, they’re moving the Cryptozoology Museum to Bangor.
6:34 aww :3
Look at him, how much he grew 🥺🤲
I love you wendigoon but the fact the video doesn’t start until 10 mins in is wild
#1 on trending. My man.
congrats on getting #1 trending :D
Intro is 10 minutes of 30 minute video
Work of the chupacabra, the livestock vampire, says No-bark, but they don’t pay no mind. Too many holes, they say, and there’s bullets in them. Well, says No-bark, we got a chupacabra with an automatic weapon.
Wendigoon idk if your a christain or if you take the Bible as an accurate account but the bible does mention creatures like the sea serpent and dragons
Video starts about 10 minutes in
It's hilarious to me that the deepest part of the iceberg has Dan Aykroyd. Great vid, can't wait for the rest.
Gott mit uns 💪🇷🇺
finally, the iceberg boy returns to his throne
It should be illegal that Bigfoot isn't s
3:00 You could say he only touches the tip of the iceberg.
Fitting
Hoping to see Ogopogo in the next tier maybe. It’d also be cool to see the Rake though it borders a bit more into creepypasta territory, I still like to personally classify it is a cryptid.
Dude come on, the existence of colossal squid do not give credibility to sailor’s tall tales of Kraken. Mostly because those things have almost never been observed at the surface of the ocean and even then they’ve only been seen in waters that people writing about this thing never were in.   The origins of the Kraken were in Scandinavia, on the exact opposite side of the world that the colossal squid inhabit.  You know what, that whole Kraken section triggered the ever-loving hell out of me.
Finally it’s here
More Iceberg Content from Iceberg Boy for Christmas?! Truly a great year to be a Gooner 🫡
yippie christmas came so early
I think I may have cried a little when I saw the title of this video
Im so glad mothman is s-tier he’s just a silly guy and I love him 😌👍
A whole video on the  krampus would make a cool Christmas episode.
OHHHH YEEEAAAHHHHHHHH
Save yourself 10 literal minutes - real video starts at 10:30
Damn he kinda wasted this first vid with all the talking before the list, and I love to hear him talk. The first 10 mins of this vid was jus 💤💤💤💤
How in the world are you going to put the kraken, arguably one of the most important stories for cryptids nowadays in just B tier? The Kraken, while we now know likely what it was, is one of the oldest stories of all time and probably one of the most influential
I hope you talk about the Hidebehind
Ah yes, the Thy La Cine
#1 on trending. Went from watching the conspiracy iceberg while you didn't even have a check mark to dropping this and its #1 on trending.   The wendigrowth of the channel is going wendigreat.
You're very polite
FINALLY ITS HERE
Just take your time :) dw dude :)
MERRY CHRISTMAS WOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH Also, I would love to see a whole vid about Mothman. There were sightings in Chernobyl and the movie and the book and just all the stuff is so interesting fr
Fun fact: according to scientists, the serpent like shape associated with cryptids such as the Loch Ness monster most likely originates from old drunk sailors spotting a whale dong
Hoping Wendigoon will cover the Loveland frog and Trunko
Nice hoodie! I have one just like it :D
chupacabra got cheated
I had no idea that the Jackalope was based on a old legend. That’s hilarious. I thought it was a concoction that someone thought of years ago as a joke. I loved this video and look forward to your upcoming ones. Thank you.
Col Do Ma Ma Daqua
Icebergboy is back!
OMFG IVE BEEN FUCKING WAITING UR THE BEST AT ICEBERGS
10 minutes into. “But before the video” like 6 times
10 minutes in and you still haven't made it to the iceberg bc you're too busy shilling. It's really sad to see all my favorite youtubers become a shell of themselves
Video starts 10:30
Holy shit #1 Trending!!!
My favorite Cryptid is the Squonk. I cant wait for the Squonk.
You got #1 on Trending! Congratulations Wendigoon!!!
12:23 SCOTLAND MENTIONED❗️❗️❗️❗️ WHAT THE HELL IS INDEPENDANCE ❗️❗️🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
The reason why the Thylacine is considered a cryptid is because many believe that it's still alive in small isolated pockets. Many folks have claimed to see them, some even having alleged photographs of them.
Still waiting for that Mold Iceberg Wendigoon
Don't you talk about Nessie like that! She's beautiful to me!😢😂
HE SPENT 10 MINUTES DOING AN INTRO NO YOUTUBE CAN TOP THAT NOT 1
My first video was a conspiracy iceberg video back before he had finished the series, I think he was on layer 3 or 4. Those helped get through some long ass shifts
Wendigoon, you gotta watch Bob Gymlan if you can. He makes awesome Cryptid content, and has really good videos on the Skunk Ape and Chupacabra. (Though, the main focus of his channel is Bigfoot.)
Wendy! The moon is hollow!! Do it! :>
w
me personally, I'd put bigfoot at C, he's essentially just my dad
Jackalope I love that legend I have a few around my house
When is the giants video and the underground agartha stuff gonna happen. My brother in christ its been like 4 years
wendigoon please make more religious content i really enjoyed them!
Iceberg boy did the Kraken dirty
Its always a good day when Wendigoon posts.
The Expedition Everest ride was super fun
😂😂😂😂
GO ICEBERG BOY
so good
you should turn your wife into a marketable plushy
yeahhh
Babe wake up the iceberg guy started anither iceberg series
Believe it’s pronounced “thyle-scene”
More please
Perfect thing to do while i write coursework
Will every video from now on begin with a 10 minutes introduction?
#1 ON TRENDING?!???? MY BOY, HOLY HECK!!!!
THE ICEBERG MUSIC IS BACK TOO
Hello Sir! I am Fahim Shaikh From Pakistan. I am Your Big Fan From Pakistan. I am Watching your Videos On My Daily Basis. Mostly I am Inspire your Lectures wow wow wow I love it❤
yoooo its finally here, i remember i messaged you on twitter wheni first found you asking for this, so glad its finally a real thing. much love to you dude 💖💖💖💖💖💖
Iceberg boy came THROUGHHH 🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥
Why did it take more than 10 minutes for the video to start?
Finally my favorite icebergboy
I hate it....because I want more 😭 always a good day when Father Wendigoon uploads, and an even better day when it's a new iceberg video on any topic, and the absolute best day when it's the initial video of a cryptid iceberg! Cannot WAIT for the rest of the series!
Number 1 on Trending? What the fuck. Can this man be stopped?
I’ve met Loren Coleman in Portland one time he signed my book
I'd love if you talk about how they're portrayed in other media. Specifically in video games, shin megami tensei has lovely designs of cryptids!
Video starts at 10:30
What was the opposite thoguht experiment of shroedinger cat?
Video starts at 10 mins
Hey Wendigoon, I was hoping you'd talk about this with the Jackalope because I haven't seen anyone bringing it up! I think it's a really plausible explanation for the origins of the cryptid! Shope papilloma virus is an infection rabbits can get and causes hornlike growths that come out of their head and mouth. It's pretty horrific and since sick rabbits tend to hide, I can imagine people only seeing glimpses of them and thinking they were rabbits with antlers. If you didn't know, now you know!
Lord bless this Man ❤
I'm so happy  the Cryptid iceberg is finally being made. I've watched a few cryptic iceberg videos, but after only seeing this video , I think yours will end up being my favorite.   You bring an element of personality to your iceberg videos, that many don’t do much. Christmas came early indeed.
I see Iceberg Boy always returns to his roots. Nice.
low-ball nessie :(. also very american-centric bruh
Mothman is just owls, it's the easiest cryptid to explain and the most overrated.
I hope he's gonna talk about Shane Madej's bridge! Great legend!
"I don't like Champie bc he's just Nessie" - the guy who put 3 bigfeet in A&B tier
NUMBER 1 TRENDING ICEBERG BOY, YOU'VE DONE IT
THAT’S WHY HE’S THE GOAT. THE GOOOOOOAT!
Hey man, i love your videos but i seriously feel like your intros are way too long, 10mins before we actually get to the iceberg. Geez
I love you man but 10 minutes and 30 fucking seconds to explain why you’re doing another iceberg
Just to let you know. I liked this.
is there estrogen in AG1?
Congrats on trending #1!
Number 1 on trending.. the world is healing
I like a long video man but I don't think the intro to this needs to be ten minutes
10 minute intro?! Tf wrong with you
Loch Ness monster 100% not real
New iceberg 🥳🥳
Finally bro
"I don't need to explain a tier list" **Explains how a tier list works for 2 1/2 minutes**
Fun fact the skunk ape is also called the swamp cabbage man
HEY BRO YOU TALK TOO MUCH FOR THE INTRO THAT WE DON'T EVEN CARE. JUST GO STRAIGHT TO THE POINT. YOU HAVE TOO MANY ADS WTF
New Wendigoon iceberg vid??? Made my day!
I love Cryptids, happy to see this iceberg starting
I was so read to throw hands about Mothman's place in the tierlist but you never disappoint Mr Wendigoon <3
28:53 NEW JERSEY MENTIONED 🎉🎉🎉
Wutang4eva
wendigoon pleaseee make a video on the anunnaki and sumer and how it connects to different religions today
thanks for your videos, Mr Wen D Goon
Its a good day when Wendigoon uploads
YOU NICKNAMED MY DAUGHTER AFTER THE LOCH NESS MONSTER???
Is the chupacabra is one of the saddest things for me.  When I lived in Texas (95-97) it was this kind of lizard-man seahorse looking thing with fangs and needle sharp stones on its back and claws and wings. It was scary enough for us that we didn't want to go into the woods after dark. Like literally, there was this little shortcut from one area to the other, and it was only maybe two hundred meters through the woods, and literally nobody would go through there after dark without a gun and friends.    I had to ride through it one day and my buddy and I tore ass through the area so we didn't have to be there long.  Literally pitch black. And we were riding our bikes as fast as we possibly could through the woods. Probably could have killed ourselves pretty easily l o l. And then a few years later, I see some bullshit claim that the true bicabre is this dumb looking dog thing. I lost all respect for mythmaking abilities of the local people after that.  The original was tied to aliens and cattle mutilation. Among other things. But then suddenly it was just some dumb diseased dog. So disappointing. It was very scary though when it was still the monster thing.
imagine these were all real-
10 mins in, finally about to start and slapped with an AG1 brand add 😢 kinda hurts
Okay but why does Mothman have SO MUCH CAKE????
I love it when iceberg boy icebergs for us ❤
10:30  For return viewers only.  If you're new, watch the ad.
YES! I'm so glad christmas came early
My favorite cryptid was the Jersey Devil, and the fact I found out my great grandmother’s grandmother married into the family, meaning I’m married into the Leed’s family 😭⁉️
Crawlers: *[Interdimensional Stalker Silence]*
LETS GO PUERTO RICO PUÑETAAAAAA
Let’s go MICHIGAN
I listen to videos in the background while I'm working. I was hoping to enjoy this one but holy shit, I'm giving up. 10 minutes in and zero actual content. A literal third of the video is advertising.
FINALLY
This has been #1 in trending for 19 hours. Dad how did you do this?
I've been waiting for this one, thanks wendigoon
W
Automatically liked when Mothman got S tier
iceberg boy is back on his iceberg shit!!!!!!!!
Mothman in S is what got my like lol
As a small point of constructive criticism, the intros are getting way too long. Still a great video but kind of a frustrating viewing experience. I'm sure it will feel less long if/when this ends up in a big compilation
NUMBER 1 ON TRENDING MY BOY DID IT.
Congrats on the #1 on trending!
These companies that sponsor Wendigoon are really getting their money's worth. The ad this video was 3 entire minutes long.
Yeee nice, but when is the conspiracy theory correction video comming
-😮🎉😊
I remember when you uploaded the first video on the conspiracy theory iceberg and I’ve been here ever since. I love your content and it’s got me through a lot of stuff. Thanks for making this.
nice content
A/C
The only place I’ve heard of most of these is from Inscryption I don’t mind that actually Amazing game btw
I like how people say Nessie could've survived the mass extintion event, ignoring the fact that it's been millions of years since then.
will that Hoodie ever come back? p_p
i love the chupacabra but most of the original "sightings" in puerto rico were just dogs with mange :(
There's an archetype of cards in yigioh called Danger! Based off of cryptids and I absolutely loved them
I’m from the Washington-Oregon state line so I grew up in both - You’re mostly right about the Northwest being much less harmful in the natural sense, but the people make up for it.
i lovedddd the jersey devil soo much my favorite
I would get a jackalope hunting license if I could.
I loved this!!!! Please continue!!!!
Hi Wendigoon! You should checkout "The Department of Truth" comic book. It's about a secret organization that tries to stop conspiracy theories because if enough people believe them they become real. It covers a lot of famous ones, including cryptids. The artwork is amazing and it's second arc is starting soon.
Iceberg boy returns to his roots.
Number 1 on trending, you love to see it
the iceberg man when global warming gets bad wendigoon will just be The Man
I was both equally dreading and excited about Wendigoon going into Cryptids when I first subscribed.
I refuse to believe that the jackalope started in wyoming
This is the content I've subscribed Icebergboy for!
Video starts at 10:28
Thylacine gotta be on the list because of deep denial that they wiped out the species   It’s me I’m people thylacine is out there THRIVING and doing it’s best
I always wanted a Cryptid Advent calendar!
no offense but your intros are too long
Hell yeah we eating good tonight!
an iceberg, a tier list AND non consensual touch of a statue's butt? it really is christmas already
Is no one gonna talk about the movie that was inspired my the locness monster its called the water horse
YEs keep going
Iceberg boy returns
Dogman mention means obligatory request to join RoanokeGaming for his hunt for it in 2027.
Good ole windypoon
My uncle had to call the animal people (forgot their name) after having to shoot this bunny it literally had antlers it took 3 shots to even get it down (didn’t miss just wouldn’t go down) they said it had a mutation and was sick but it like literally had antlers😂
hes like marshal from himym
GOOD list Shame you f*cked up on the rating for the chupacabra; should have been higher
the jersey devil isn’t born from Hell it’s born from New Jersey which is worse
I'd like to add some stuff about the dogman because, while I don't know about the disk jockey, I do know some stuff about medieval mythology. Judging by the descriptor, the dog man is a creature of myth called a cynocephali, a race of dog headed humans. The lore behind them is fascinating and they're seen in several cultures. There's even a saint that's one! I'd look into it if I were you because they are really interesting creatures and much cooler than some dudes story and the modern sightings.
iceberg boy wendigoon
10:28 to skip the WAYYY too long intro and ad.
What I'm hearing is we're getting an iceberg advent calendar and I love it
I'm hoping you talk about pombero, here in paraguay he is our cryptid and many people believe in him, plus he's also a nicotine addict and an alxoholic (just like me)
It's funny, hearing you say the name Josh Gates really took me back to nights as a kid watching destination truth or one of his other shows on the travel channel.
The jackalope seems like the American version of drop-bears: a running bit that locals run in order to fuck with random people
Yippeee
I screeched when i saw this! I've been waiting for you to do this!
W3ndig0s aren’t cryptids!! they’re mythological entities!! why do people keep getting it wrong??
Mothman is the best one 🖤
Slept through the video , gotta watch it again lol
Patiently waiting for the giants video 😬
Video starts at 10:30
I LOVE this. Do THIS.
You know it's gonna be good when there is a 10 minutes intro
The Michigan Dogman was first seen in the 1800s by a couple of lumberjacks and natives have talked about them and Bigfoot in their culture. I think they should have been at least a B Tier List cause they’re quite fascinating. My friend has actually seen one and that was in Jersey lol so I think they exist for sure.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
#1 on Trending! This iceberg series will cause a huge jump in subs, I'm calling it now.
A cryptids iceberg from Wendigoon?! The Christmas season truly has started!  I'm a massive cryptids fan, so this first tier was a nice appetizer, but I cannot wait for the next videos. I also feel you on the doing monsters-based homeworks thing 😂  Just one thing though, I know in the video you said that you don't want to indulge too much on the credibility of their existence, but a nice little mention on the current opinion on them even from a scientific point of view would be nice I think. You already mentioned things like the Surgeon Photo being fake or the origins of the Jackalope and the Dogman, so some more in depth analysis of their plausibility wouldn't hurt I think. On this topic, several years ago researchers did an environmental-dna research on the Loch Ness lake and the results were quite interesting.
to add to the chupacabra mythos. during 1996 when it was trending, people say it was mostly used as a "green dog" or a mere distraction by the mexican government as they tend to do when they are caught doing shady shit or are about to do something really nefarious, so they used the biggest tv broadcasters to misinform with this kind of news
Save you the time. 10:34
The dogman was around before the song.
Would
Almost a million views in less than 24 hrs 🎉 im so proud of you bro and apperciate all the effort and quality of work 👏
YEAHHH BABEEEYYYYYYY
I love cryptozoology videos.
I wonder how deep down the iceburg the slide rock bolter is.
LET'S EFFING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bro was yapping for 10:30
More Wendigoon lore?   Satisfactory.
Msn's heroine family keeps trying to epstine me to cover up there dope they keep trying to steal my kid any way shape or form for 30 years judge heroine Randolphe uses my brother as a pin cushion for 25 yeas and now judge lee is tryi g to epstine me. And there the homos from the big brother program. Me and my brother and there drugs arnt enough of an issue now they need to angle my kid. It's there drugs
I can't wait for more!
chop chop iceberg boy
30 min video. 15 min of advertising. Fuck ooooooffffff
Iceberg boy returns
Ad is 6:50-9:50
my psihology teacher in uni likes the occult and misteries so i told her to watch you, you truly make interesting stuff
Absolutely obsessed with the skeleton in the cowboy hat and the Kenough hoodie
#1 trending baby!!!
It’s Crypt-mas!
A wendigo ate my ass at dennys
my mom saw a dogman bro. no joke
all cryptids are s-tier
True thing; when I was little, I legitimately believed in the jackalope because there was a taxidermy one in the local general store, hahahaha
constructive feedback: over 10 minutes intro with various sponsor and promotions is getting a bit too much for me, and becoming a total skip
Vid starts at 10:30
My favorite spine chilling cryptids are Dark Watchers (shadowey people seen in groups watching you from the horizon line) and Hide Behinds (a creature perfectly able to hide behind Anything, contorting and creeping closer and closer until it kills you)  Edit- the contorting is a personal speculation for addrd creepiness but however they do it, its scary
My granddad has one of the jackalopes! It's a great conversation piece
Video starts at 10:30
You are so wonderful and talented ❤
I used too be fucking scared of moth man
Yeeeeees
He’s #1 On Trending! Let’s gooooo!
I hope The Beast of Bodmin Moor gets a mention on this iceberg. There has been a siting of it just a few months ago this year that made national news and brought back the debate of wild big cats roaming Britain.
The video begins at 10:25 .
Iceberg boy is back!
The amount he mispronounced thylacine makes me so angy
*ICEBERG BOY RETURNS*
Mothman stole my catalytic converter in Point Pleasant, WV
Wait until he talks about the chupacu of Goianinha, a Classic from Brazil
This dude took 10 minutes to start talking about the first cryptid on the list
“I didn’t… But it’s almost like I did.” Hell yeah. 😂
Thanks dad
Iceberg boy was scared back to his roots
Vendigon maj fajvret jotober
I'm surprised this wasn't done before, it's probably the most on-brand thing for this channel
Dogman is just a dude in a fursuit...
Iceberg Boy, Iceberg Boy. Let's goooo!
WHY does the actual video start 10 minutes in? Other than that it was good.
That ag1 sip! Man no no no 😂😂😂😂😂
10:27 start of the iceberg 😶
Iceberg boy returns
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!!!! :D
I absolutely love you and your channel, but 10 minuets to get to the content is a stretch Maybe put the sponsor in the middle, idk.
Why is Loch Ness not in Tree Fiddy tier?
More please
It's funny that i have the exact opposite view on yeti/bigfoot: i've always felt that bigfoot is just yeti in america. prob bc as a european, i knew about yeti since childhood, but only learned about bigfoot in my teens   on another note: everytime someone brings up the jackalope, i can't help but think of the bavarian cryptid Wolperdinger since they look so similar. I seriously wonder if there is some connection.
whenever i hear moth man i think of shane and ryan lol
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
Yeti>Bigfoot
No for the record the skunk ape picture was actually not from a ripley's believe it or not display. That's been debunked actually
I think the reason the thylacine is on the iceberg is because there are rumors and legends that it is not actually extinct. This means that its existence (as a currently living creature) is debated, and thus, it could be defined as a cryptid.
Video starts at 9:50. This guy huffs his own farts.
Calling Loch Ness overrated and then turning around and putting Mothman in S i swear id think you where trying to marry me.
iceberg boy is back at it again
Praise be to the moth
10 min intro on a 30 min vid
Wendigoon!!! This couldn’t come at a better time, I’ve started planning a leg sleeve exclusively of cryptids so I’ve got so many ideas now!!
Why is there letters moving around the screen in the dogman section?
Hey its the iceberg guy
YOOO DAD IS #1 ON TRENDING 🎉🎉🎉
oh hell yeah
Just as a heads up 12:18 there's no point in saying 'lake' loch ness because Loch is already the Scots Gaelic (not to be confused with Irish Gaelic because their equivalent word is 'lough') word for lake. So if it's a lake in Scotland, it's a loch.
FINALLY, MORE ICEBERG BOI
Oh look, iceberg boy's back with another hitter.
You should add my friend Kevin to this iceberg
The Dogman is one of my favorites as well as fairies and gnomes.
Video starts at 9:50 💀
Just got my Wendigoon hoodie in the mail and it is 100% the BEST youtuber merch ive ever bought. The quality, the comfort, the stitch work. Chefs kiss
I think this is some old video that just blown up in my recommendation, but this is brand new. Love you wendigoon.
the second video will be The Cryptid Iceberg and the thrid one will be The Cryptid Iceberg rises
Woah #1 trending. Nice 1 dude
I clicked so fast on this video
good video, can't wait for part 2 :D
Video starts at 10:30
Wendigoon love the content good stuff, but I would like to correct you on the loch Ness section, the word loch is the Scottish Gaelic word for a lake or sea inlet, calling it lake loch Ness is a bit repetitive.
bro i love your videos but 10 minutes before you even start talking about the subject matter is ridiculous.
Für den Algorythmus
Video starts at 10:00. You are welcome.
YES, FINALLY. ICEBERG BOY COMES THROUGH!!!!!!
it bothers me that the Kraken is basically real
I’m so excited for this iceberg. I live in Texas near the border of Mexico and the chupacabra is one of the biggest cryptids told here.  My dad told me about mothman when I was little and I would go on YouTube and watch videos. I have always been fascinated by cryptids that in 1st grade I stated that I wanted to know if cryptids were real or not.
I am Brazilian and i am ofended for the Jackalope being higher than the Chupacabra. One is a legend that made me shit my paints when i was younger,the other i literally had never heard of until now. Jokes aside,this a great video and i so looking foward in this series.
Iceberg iceberg iceberg!!!!!
Holy Moly
Really fun episode! Enjoyed this one a lot.
Iceberg boy returns
Hey wendingoon! I reckon the reason why the thylacine is on the list isn’t because it’s a weird animal that’s dead, but because there’s so much debate about whether it still exists in the wild or not! There’s so many alleged sightings and rumours and claims that there’s still wild thylacines running about, I’m not sure if anyone still believes them nowadays but it was genuinely a source of contention here in Australia and ig possibly NZ too (although not sure) and there were many efforts to find alive thylacines. There were also breeding programs to try and breed back thylacines, I’m not sure if any are still ongoing by this point.
Please get bigger writing on the tiers, im really struggling to read the tiers
I saw Nessie once, she asked me for $3.50
22:19 bro hasnt seen the yoink guy
I love it and i want you to do more of it
as a west virginian seeing the mothman in S tier is raw asl
Iceberg Boy is back at it again
Love this sincerely. I've always had an interest in cryptids but looking them up can be kinda cumbersome since it's mostly either very shallow wikipedia articles or way too in the weeds 4chan threads so I can't wait for more of this.
Skunk ape is definitely just misidentified swamp-dwelling Florida men
Haha, your lizard man sign... I live near Bishopville sc lmao
I felt like u repeated yourself for like 5 minutes straight in the beginning
Pure joy
10:25 you’re welcome.
PLEASE DON'T DO SOMETHING ELSE! I've been waiting for ages, this is gonna be so cool! (uh, not that I'm going to start a riot if you decide to cover something else alongside this, I do remember you started and ended a whole other iceberg while doing the conspiracy one)
Mothman not doing ohio any favours
There's a cryptid in Brazil, most specifically in the city of São Paulo I believe, called Lobisomem Pidão (Beggar Werewolf). Every night he goes to the square asking for flour in a bowl. He asks, asks, asks as fuck and pisses people off. One story goes like this: "Gimme!" "Get out of here, you beggar!" (He looks like that werewolf from Harry Potter btw)
No strong feelings either way brother.  Just glad to get some Wendigoon content.
10 mins intro i think its too much
Skip to 10:30 to bypass the intro and reach the start of the iceberg
Excellent research reference for me, great for character ideas too.
We also have a old Bavarian version of Jackalope called the "Wolpertinger". A lot of traditional Bavarian and Austrian Restaurants have them as decoration. :)
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE, TURN IT UP!!!
The skunk's ap- Ridley's believe it or not hoax have been disproved like a thousand times, most experts believe that's a photo of an actual animal.
video starts at 10:30
#1 on Trending
Wendigoon, please wrap up your video intros. By the time you finally get to the point of your videos, my lunch breaks are already about over.
Mothman Supreme
Wasn't the chubacabra made up cos a lady thought an episode of X files was a documentary about real events
OHHHH YEAH YEAH MF YEA YEA
Wasn't there a recently found Thylacine? Like in the last couple years?
thank you iceberg boy
i somehow have never heard of champie but i’ve always been a nessie fan so the idea of her having extended family in the us just tickles me 😂
10 minute intro... on a 30 minute video ..🤧
Interesting that aliens are not listed here. Any reason for that?
Buckle up, Buckaroos! Wendigoon is serious on this one!
This is going to blow up insanely.
I made a Chupacabra essay in the 8th grade for National History Day too. Same brain lol
Fun facts about the New Jersey Devil:  They shut down Jersey area schools due to reports of the creature in newspapers  One of Napoleon Bonaparte’s brothers took a trip to America and wrote that he saw the beast at night when we was hunting and came close to it
Could've sworn I saw the Dogman lurking near a convention center- except he had a diaper on.
Gratz on trending
As a cryptid, Chupacabra is definitely not a high tier; however, the explanation that it was escaped Tasmanian Tigers (Thylacine) in transit to a US zoo definitely makes it high tier in my opinion :)
I remember thinking a Jackalope was a legit species as a kid lol
12 minutes of nothing before the video actually starts. that must be a record of some kind
#1 on trending my guy that badass
As a Maine native, I've been going to the international cryptozoology museum at least once a year since i was like 7 and taken a picture with my dad next to their bigfoot statue to see how much I grow. It's what sparked my interest for all things weird. To hear Isaiah mention it and to have it be behind the iceberg of this new series has brought such a warm feeling to my heart, and a tear to my eye. Thank you, Isaiah. 12 years of golden memories have all just came back to me in a single moment.💜💜
I hope the hidebehing is on here fingies crossed
Hoping to see Woods Devils
Ocean cryptids are difficult to discount due to our lack of knowledge of the deep ocean , and most evidence being anecdotal for centuries. We've only had proof of rogue waves for the last decade or so despite sailors talking about them forever
The reason that the thylacine is on the iceberg is because it’s debated whether on not it is really extinct. It could still exist in the remote jungles of Papau New Guinea
JESUS CHRIST the video doesn't start until 10:30 bro what in the actual... get a grip that is just an embarrassing amount of yapping.
And a super cut is gonna happen…LETS GOOOOOO
It starts at 10:30
Woah, my favorite pieces of cardboard, Danger! Bigfoot, Danger! Mothman, Danger! Nessie, Danger! Dogman, Danger! Chupacabra and Danger! Jackolope. Very based
Wendigoon doing a cryptids Iceberg.... As the great Kite Man says: "Hell Yeah!"
Dogman is a Christian Cryptid.   Check out Saint Christopher
"im gonna release it in parts to make more money"
Wendigoons pronunciation of thylacine is killing me
Next iceberg idea: an iceberg of all icebergs!  Also: Cryptozoologist sounds like the best job ever, hell yeah i look for bigfoot evidences as a living!
0:32 oh my god I’ve been there! Great place, but pretty small 😂 glad to hear it mentioned
Yeah, maybe not the Kraken, but deep see (like, REAL deep sea) creatures are the stuff of nightmares. Its a goddamn alien hellscape at the bottom of the ocean.
Iceberg boy is back ✨✨✨
Surprised you didn’t briefly mention the LDS “belief” that Bigfoot is actually Cain from the Bible.   (I say “belief” because it’s not actually a doctrine or something that’s taught in LDS churches, but it’s a relatively common belief among some members. Not everyone believes it and most just think it’s a fun idea to consider—like myself)
chop chop iceberg boy it’s been 17 hours
I liked my own comment
needed this in my life
Nah Jersey Devil is S tier don't disrespect our cryptid like that
skip to 10:00 for video start
Skip to 10:30
I'm very glad you put our boy Mothman in S tier where he belongs. Mothman is the GOAT.
before this video i thought cryptids were something related to bitcoin
this video being #1 on trending is amazing and also fully deserved
You contradicted yourself saying Bigfoot was A tier because of mixed stories when you put Mothman in S tier saying he was both seen as a menacing killer or a warning of danger
back in 2007ish, i had a picture book of cryptids, and the jersey devils page was down right HORRIFYING. He was flying towards the page, which used to scare the piss out of me.
dear wendigoon most likely i am the only one with this opinion but i always enjoyed your vids for the unscaryness which you put to scary themes. dont get me wrong this vid is a banger but the pictures are just a little bit to scary to sit chilling on the couch. (at least for me) maybe you could change this up in the folowwing ones, but understandbly an probably you wont. xd
In my personal opinion id put Nessie in at least B cause it gave us that one Phineas and Ferb episode with Nessie in it. Loved that episode
I want a Wendigoon iceberg. Gimme gimme.
mmm stagnant pond water
LETS GOOOOOOO
glad to see iceberg boys back doing what he does best
Video starts at 11:00
I really enjoyed this, hope to see more
Yeah Champie. As northern ny resident I love Champie  Man, only D tier
Ahh im so happy
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do the rest i dont care how long the video is
You eat babies.
Jesus fucking Christ man... 10:32 is when the video starts
Dogman, uncanny....HA!
Dude so fun, thanks Wendi boi 🤠I just want to binge all the cryptid iceberg videos right now, looking forward to the next
Bible study
Actual iceberg starts at roughly 10:00 min
@wendigoon have you heard the story about the guy in Alaska who killed 3 Bigfoot? Try to find it if not. I can’t remember the guys name but he was born and raised in Alaska and spent time near Port-lock.
It's great to see Champie get mentioned!  I'm a Plattsburgh boy and right by the lake which houses her.  I haven't managed to catch her yet, but one of these days ;)
Oh yeah
Hi Wendigoon
Why did you take 10 minutes to start the iceberg
Video starts at 10:30
I feel like I've been waiting a lifetime for this iceberg. ❤
Wendi plus Charlie??? How can I not watch lol
A 10 minute intro??? The audacity smh
Remember Harry and the Hendersons ? I got those vibes from him .
I'm a proud Michigander and real or not, I still love hearing people talk about the Dogman. Steve Cook uses proceeds from the sale of dogman merch (including the song) to benefit local animal shelters, which is really cool. Definitely give the song a listen. It's campy but charming and scared the crap out of me as a child. I moved to Wexford County for a while in my early twenties and even if that creature doesn't stalk those trees, the forests of Northern Michigan command a special respect.
Danger! *reveals the monster then hides it back*
I love the Kraken best because it's my favorite example of a cryptid: something that had a ton of anecdotal evidence but lacked hard scientific proof. I'm biased because Giant and Colossal Squids were rediscovered/confirmed by modern science in my lifetime. I was literally reading a book about the search for giant squid when the first photos came out around 2006 or so. I adore Coelacanth for a similar reason because how wonderful is it we can think something is extinct and gone and then one day just look around a corner and a buddy is just swimming around.   I have to shoutout my state cryptid SKUNK APE, aka the "Swamp Cabbage Man." Wendigoon is right about the Everglades being hostile, frankly humans have encroached on the 'glades far too much, it was never meant to be a place of permanent human residence. Also maybe Prof. Iceberg is being above board here but I think the "skunk" part of Skunk Ape may refer more to the, uh, plant version.  Allegedly at least part of the Chupacabra myth is related to the film Species with people describing the monster like the one in the film, but I have no source for that, it was something I read way back on web 1-point-oh
Wendigoon: Mothman is S tier  Me, a native West Virginian: Damn right he is
God bless you and your family brother.
Video starts at 10 mins
I love your videos but these intros are getting longer lol actual video starts at 10:31 for those who want
On a completely unrealeted note the coffin of andy and leyley
I love cryptids. I don't care how unlikely they are, etc. I'd rather live life thinking there's some mystery out there. Great video!
My brother in Christ you could have made the introduction its own video and even monetize it.
There is no iceberg big enough to contain all the cryptid information we have
as a kid, it was GTA SA hoaxes what introduced me to most cryptids. lol
Yes, one of my favorite topics discussed in one of my favorite Wendigoon video formats.
Great job iceberg boy!
Wahoo new upload from Iceberg Boy
# 1 on trending baybeee let’s go
This iceberg may be really complete, but i bet it failed to mention the scariest cryptid ever, the Brazilian Asshole Sucker aka the Chupa-Cu.
Iceberg Boy returns with one of my favorite subjects!
Complete with the OG Background Music
Immediately tru for S Mothman
21:28... SAME, SAME
Everytime I watch a new video from you, I'm always intrigued and always have a great time. I'm always watching your stuff and smile whenever I repeat famous phrases from you (Thank You For Watching, I'll See You In The Next One, Bye). Thank you for uploading and as always....thank you for reading. I'll see you in the next one....BYE!
i love u wendigoon
Congrats on getting #1 on trending, you deserve it! Hopefully, this allows more people to see this amazing work
What's up GOON SQUAD? Goonies? What shall we be called?   Either way, I'm excited to watch this  It's crazy watching your channel grow Isaiah. Awesome stuff. Keep it up, and don't change 🤙
You have no idea how long I've been waiting for this
I hope the man eating pumpkin is on here somewhere
Finally, iceberg boy got back to his job.
16:08 Damn, why mothman so cheeked up? Dude's been doing the squats.
I have been waiting for a good cryptids iceberg for years thank you oh great wendigoon
Now I want to touch Mothman's butt too :(((
dude 10 minutes of you rambling before you got to the iceberg. ffs
Cryptozoo-ologist hahahahahahhahahahahaha
He is so hot. I don’t deserve screen cuts with short sleeve white T 😭😍🤩 I won’t you Isaiah
Skunk ape isn't scary cause he's like a bigfoot. He's scary cause he's Floridian
I loved it, please make more!!! <33333
My favorite Cryptid is the Squonk, he's just a little guy
its been 6 months since weird bibles last ep, is it dead😭
aunt wendi where’s part two
Going to enjoy watching this entire iceberg, whether its just this video or hundreds
You should watch mountain monsters, they hunt cyptids
Iceberg starts at 10:30
Now THIS is the kind of holiday content i want from creators
Wendigoon saying “you’re probably not eating as well as you should be” while I have an entire box of cheez its on my lunch break…
nice video iceberg boy
22:17 unless you're the guy who is trying to find the 20ft Burmese  python
ICEBERG BOY
I love how the Loch Ness monster is described as docile and tourists show up with harpoon guns trying to ensure dinosaur extinction is complete.
Wat a blessed day
I was a kid when the Chupacabra stories first broke in UFO magazines. Sad to see it’s been reduced to hungry dogs with Mange. I guess it was doomed from the start given an early eyewitness had allegedly recently watched the movie “Species” prior to her sighting, which has a creature that looks similar to the original Chupy.
20:54
Sasquatch adjacent is a term I’m challenging myself to use daily
So mothman is basically a living breathing Liveleak logo?
Finally mo Iceberg boy.
Please look into Fortean theories of the paranormal and high strangeness.  Josh Cutchin and Timothy Renner have written about ho big foot and things like ufos are not so disconnected as we might thjnk.
I will be VERY disappointed if you mention the Finding Big Foot show but not mention Mountain Monsters, because that's the greatest cryptid show ever made
5 seconds into the video and you are already spitting facts, a new wendigoon video is Christmas coming early
YES YES YES!!!! Thank you, Wendigoon, for blessing my subscriptions all these years. <3
Intro ends at 9:50
My guy put mothman at S but not bigfoot??? My pacific northwest heaaaart
Iceberg boy is back let’s goooo
the chupacabra is also considered part of a conspiracy in mexico as being a smokescreen by the media for the government to make way of whatever corrupted plan they had while the people was distracted by those news
video starts at 10:26
WendiGOAT
the controversy begins - i can't believe you put big foot in A tier you know that was wrong.
#1 on trending!
🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
We need more scp content wendigoon
.
great vid, made my workday a little more bearable. can't wait for the next tier
starts at 10:30
The Skunk Ape is Bigfoot meets Florida Man. You should _definitely_ be scared.
I was so excited about him talking about the thylacine, but then excitement turned to disappointment as he barely mentioned anything about its status as a cryptid.
Supernatural fans are going crazy right now
Fun note about the Jersey Devil: Napoleon Bonaparte’s brother Joseph claimed to have seen the creature face-to-face while living in exile in southern New Jersey.
#1 ON TRENDING, YOU GO MAN!
*Bro took a 10 minute yapping session just to actually start the video*
i love you wen di goo
Not usually a hater, but the chupacabra makes a lot more sense than the skank ape 😅, and is also more iconic, there was no need to laugh down at its story.
My favorite thing about the Loch Ness Monster is that in 2005, a group of MIT researchers decided to try to map the lake and hunt Nessie, but they instead found a random common toad just hanging around at 325 feet down in the water. They have no clue how he got down there, why he would have swam so far down, and it left them baffled that he could even survive such water pressure. He swam off and was never seen again.
12:21 Lake Loch Ness would translate to Lake Lake Ness
I was absolutely terrified of the Jersey Devil growing up. I lived on the boarder of the Pine Barrens, and lived near a good patch of Pine forest. Nothing is more chilling to a 10 y/o than driving by the woods at night and having good old JD in the back of your mind.
video starts at 10:28
Wendigoon missing 411 series dead & forgotten 😢
Babe wake up! Wendigoon uploaded an iceberg!!
#1 on Trending!!!
Would love to see you be able to do an unhinged, 10+ hour YouTuber Iceberg that covers everything only the most terminally online person would be able to fully comprehend
Trending #1, my guy.. I can't be a conformist, as it goes against my edge lord persona, so I'm gonna have to unsubscribe.. It was nice while it lasted, you commie.. lol..
GTLive level banter in the beginning
You just knew we would be so hyped for this iceberg
10 min intro smh
FINALLY
10:31 and now we can watch the video! I know it’s an intro to the series, and you’ve got sponsors you need to include but having to sit thru a third of this video before the iceberg starts? Meh. Love the content tho
WOOOOOOO
This was the content I needed! Thank you!
The Iceburg Man is a cryptid that originated in Knoxville
Legendary video🔥
I'll never understand the fascination with Bigfoot. Don't you guys regularly interact with bears? They're like Bigfoot with claws.
My grandparents are from Mexico and I'm from Texas but they always told us that the chupacabra looked like an alien with spines going down it's back which is why ive always hated the mange coyote version
Omg you’re even using the same royalty free background music, you absolute legend.
I was  sadlydisappointed that you didn’t mention Nintendo DEFINITELY based Plessie off of the Loch Ness Monster. 😭
Coelacanth fans rise up ✊
Punch a Brianiac so hard that his alternate versions felt it lololol. Look Goku is cool I like and appreciate the character dbs Goku not so much meh (whole character regression thing) but he ain't beating superman. Those feats and history is too vast
thylacines kinda count as a cryptid bc ppl still claim to see them in tasmania, theres reported sightings of them all the time
it’s just loch ness, not lake loch ness. that’s basically like saying lake lake ness. really enjoyed this one 😁
Are you a real wendigoon fan, a true gooner? IM A GOONER
Shoutout portland Maine lmao
I wish you’d mention the fact that the jackalope actually in a way exists, with rabbits getting tumors on their faces that resembles horns
Thanks for giving my boy Mothman his proper tier.
the BOTTOM TIER has whale penis? even i know that one  edit: this in retrospect sounds like a shitpost. it is not
Video starts at 10:00
IceBurg Boy back to his roots
Cryptid Iceberg!!!!
HE HAS ACHIEVED THE 10 MINUTE INTRO
One of the greatest cryptids in Brazil is the ''Lobisomem do Méier'' (Méier's Werewolf). He's been spotted several times in Méier (a neighborhood in the north region of Rio de Janeiro city).
My first video I've seen of yours, looking forward to the rest of the series and will check out more of your videos.
Wendigoons “short videos” are still over half an our, gotta love it
Where'd you get that hypnotically color-changing thing on that wall behind you? I want one lol
#1 on trending LETS GOOOOOOO💜💜💜💜
Hey @wendigoon after binging your vids on mlk, Waco, and kazinsky, I'm dying for you to do one on the 2017 Vegas mass shooting... so many crazy conspiracies, coincidences and contradictions there!  It needs a deep dive!
YEAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHH
omg hearing the original wendigoon background song he used in the first tiers of the conspiracy theory iceberg was hella awesome
WOHOOOOO ICEBERGS ARE BACK
YOOOOOOO
Wendigoon!!! I am always impressed with your research and almost always agree with your hot takes, but MAN was I disappointed by your treatment of the ThylaCINE (thy-la-SEEN)!!! Their conspiracy/cryptidness regards their CURRENT state of extinction. Scientists declared that the last one died in captivity years ago, but there have been several videos/photos surfacing in recent years that prove that is NOT the case! Not to mention the hundreds of local eyewitnesses claiming to have seen it as recently as this year. I get that it’s not your “typical” cryptid, but it’s actually a REAL cryptid in the truest sense of the word. And probably the most likely one on this list to actually exist. 🙃
LETS GO ICEBERG BOY
10 minutes to get into the iceberg lmao
Iceberg boy gives blesses us once again
6:57 buh buh
too long for an intro, not a sleep material video. I opened my eyes to comment this and block your channel.
K i n o
The Jackalope feels like an aussie thing where whenever someone doesn't get a joke, every australian in the vicinity will perform an award winning acting scene to mislead them into thinking that joke is real
LET'S GOOOO I'm so excited about this Iceberg series!!! I love Cryptids, and I'm an early subscriber (subbed back in conspiracy ep 2 or 3 i think) so this is SO EXCITING AKLSJD Also I didn't know Red Thread was already out but I'll definitely add it to my "to watch" list o7
We are so back
Tier list actually begins at 10:30. We love our wholesome verbose man but for those of us with ADHD, that's the point you wanna skip to.
"Thylakine" or "Thylaseen"? Ive always heard the 2nd pronunciation personally
I’d be okay with 1 video per layer in the lower iceberg, even if it means a longer release schedule.
Iceberg Boy really pulled thru
13:35 it’s hypothesized that it’s an Orca’s…. Male part… bc they like to stick it out of the water and it looks remarkably like that
Yes yes yes yes
Only one man can truly attest to the danger posed by the dogman... @PeterCaineDogtraining
10:20 "Fail miserably. Achieve greatly!"
some nastalgia for my soul
Dawg it took u 8 mins to start the fucking iceberg Jesus christ
I personally think that your idea of cutting these icebergs into smaller parts is a great idea. I think it makes the videos more appealing to a potential new viewer, as opposed to a nine hour mega video
Jackalopes are real lol. It's a jack rabbit with a fungal infection
Video starts at 10:30 🫠🫠🫠 you’re welcome.
30:25 I'm sorry, but all I can think of when I see that image is those werewolf tiktoks 😂
YEAAAAAAAA BABABY
Chupacabra is easily A tier
They probably aren't that deep, but my favorite cryptids are the Snallygaster (seriously, this thing is fucking WEEIIIRD) and the Flatwoods Monster (which is not a goddamn owl! Stop calling all West Virginia cryptids goddamn owls!).  I also hope that Oscar, the Beast of Busco, is on here! Us Hoosiers really take pride in our one major cryptid. Because it's the most humble and grounded cryptid there is. It's so quintessentially Midwestern. It's just a snapping turtle (of which the state has an abundance of)....that happens to be the size of a VW Bug!
“You’re probably not eating the right food you should be”   Calling me out as I take a bite of my toasted buttered croissant with ham and Swiss cheese😳
The iceberg boy is back.
God help those jackalopes when I boot up red dead 1
Continue the serie! Love all cryptids anythings even if I already know so many of them!
I swear if he doesn’t talk about stumpy in the next one ima flip
"Chupacabra in C tier" As a Mexican, unsubscribed
Boooo!!! Thylacine is a real cryptid, in the sense that most cryptid enthusiasts consider animals thought to be extinct but possibly still alive, due to reports, sightings and folklore, cryptids. I am up in arms about this, and will not be putting them down until a retraction is printed.
Yipee
Why did I just get this upload notification 16 hours later? 😢
RETURN OF THE KING!!!
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR LIKE A YEAR
Christmas came early?!?! Are we even gonna get anything now?!
Only Wendigoon could drop a 35 minute video and it feels like an absurdly short video for a channel lol
gimmie all the cryptids
I'm excited for next video since I'm not fond of more in reality iceberg videos that usually makes me nauseous,
What about unicorns?
been waiting for this one. lets go goon.
My mother was pregnant with me when the X-files episode about the Chupacabra aired and my parents drew the comparison between me draining my mom of energy and all that so I (a very white boy) was nicknamed Chupacabra as a fetus and its stuck around for the last 2 decades.
Love your videos but do wish that you were able to get into the actual video before 10 minutes into the video or had a tag for when the video actually starts
i like, keep
Cant wait for the deeper teirs, great vid
Tier list starts at 10:33
Actual start of the video 10:30
Still waiting for the 10 hour world war 2 video
YES
I live pretty close to the International Cryptozoology Museum and I always find the name funny because it's little more than two long hallways squeezed in between a bar and a restaurant. Still an awesome place though that's clearly had a lot of passion put into it.
Wow we have the same sweatshirt! What are the odds!
You know it's gonna be good when the iceberg starts 10 minutes in lmao  Jokes aside, amazing work!
Thank you God
no way, iceberg boy is back with another iceberg
Now I'm looking forward to watching you explain the "goblin universe" in a few sentences
No disrespect but Nessy's cute ass would BODY the windigoo
A new wendigoon video?! It truly is the best birthday ever
I see IceburgBoi is at it age.
Imagine if Wendigoon and Bedtime Stories did a collab. One can dream... unless...?
Me: I hope Wendigoon is not problematic, I have his merch. Wendigoon: Nessie is overrated, C tear
YEEEEAAAAAHHH
Coelacanths aren't a single species, they a family of several species found in fossil records and a single species found living in the wild.
Did y’all know scientists estimate there are between 4 and 130 MILLION giant squids in our oceans today.
10 minutes before the video actually starts oof
Bro Jersey Devil just appeared on your list. What gives?
christmas came early so did i
Usually I love your videos, but I will not stand for the champie slander 😤 (/s)
This is so cool! I can't wait to see more vids, thanks Wedigoon
I had no idea people thought of Bigfoot as the modern day Lorax
Cant wait to watch each video individually, and then watch the compiled version
I have never watched Finding Bigfoot so to this day whenever it's brought up i immediately think of Tenacious D because at the time i thought they made it up, so in my head it only exists in the world of Tenacious D
I swear to fucking God if Momo (the Missouri Monster) doesn’t end up on this list I’ll be fuckin livid. Guy gets no respect…
When I was a little kid I would have dreams every night about “Swimmy,” a long-neck creature which lived in the lake of my dream. She and I were very close friends and I always looked forward to falling asleep to meet her. Eventually I stopped having the dreams as frequently, like every couple years. Then when I was in middle school, I had a dream that she was hunted and poached, and there was nothing I could do to help her. I haven’t dreamed of her since then.
The video starts at 10:26  sheesh
In my 9th grade Spanish class we had to pick Hispanic names. I picked El Chupacabara as my name, but sadly, my teacher nixed it.
Wait, this isn't an iceberg.
Ice berg boy is back
I can't wait for my favorite! The Loveland Frog! Make her known!
Bro took a whole 10 minutes to actually start what the video is supposed me about
Ever since pirates of the Caribbean i always preferred calling it a krayken🦑
I'm sure it's already been said, but its pronounced "thyla-seen". And Tasmania is part of Australia, not a separate country. Haha.
Iceberg Boy!
Wendigoon cryptid iceberg and gta 6 trailer! This week about to be lit😂
Idk, I prefer MothMonsterMan
this inspires me to become a cryptid
Took way too long to get the actual content. Super annoying.
Iceberg boy is back, yeah)
Finally a Wendigoon vid I'm not too much of a wuss to enjoy :)
Actual video starts at 10:30
S TIER MOTHMAN LET'S GOOOO
TOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Crypronaut podcast had a great multipart series on Mothman
So glad you posted this, needed some monster inspo fr
Iceberg boy finally delivers on his promise, yay
Video starts at 10:25
0:32 I like how in the lowest tier it says "Dan Aykroyd" 💀
Your efforts in fighting global warming do not go unnoticed, Iceberg boy. Thanks for bringing back the icebergs
Disappointed that Raid:Shadow Legends wasn't the friend of the show that was going to be good for me
Iceberg begins at 10:31. Christ.
On the topic of Bigfoot, from around 2 million to 350,000 years ago, there was an animal called the Gigantopithecus. It was a large ape that is estimated to have been around 10 feet (3 meters) tall. It lived around Southern China and potentially Thailand, Vietnam, and Indonesia. At that point in time, humans did exist, however, that was way before written history
Half a million views in half a day. Go Dad fans!!!
Iceberg starts at 10:28
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
New goon dropped
well an iceberg is kinda like a tree after all
HOLY BALLS! GET STARTED!! 😂😂😂  10:31 - Starts!  Damn man I love the content and the channel but if your going to make short videos can you please NOT take 10 & a half minuets on Sponsors, promotions, and explaining why this is a thing please. Can we just get the content? All of us here know exactly what we’re getting and don’t need it to be explained as to why we’re getting it or what the release plan is. They’re out when they’re  done it’s that simple. And that’s cool.  But damn man I never would of thought I’d see Wendigoon of all people stretch a video out like that that sucks! 10 and a half minuets!!!   HOLY BALLS! JUST GET STARTED!!
Secret saturdays did this and you can’t hardly find that show anymore so thank you  for this love your vids
@Wendigoon can you also add some mayan cryptic too? Mayan culture is not much heard of sadly due to Conquistador burn / destroying transcripts
I used to pray for times like these
Will you be revisiting bible study vids someday? 🥹 pls
Wendigoon! You inspired me to do iceberg videos myself. Can't wait to watch this one. Anyway, basically: notice me senpai.
Love ya Wendigoon but you really hurt my feelings rating the chupacabra as low as you did. Give the Latinos a win.
Iceberg boy dropped another one boys
1/3rd of the video is just him explaining the video format INSTEAD OF THE ACTUAL VIDEO FFS😭
Not me waiting to hear about "Whale Penis"... 0:49
I'm so excited for this! I saw that cryptid museum in Maine when I lived there for school and I've always been so fascinated by it. Thank you!!
bigfoot is just primitive ted kaczynski
dogman in barn
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Nothing with “monster” in its name deserves to be above C tier.
Video starts at 9:55
As a puertorican, the way that the chupacabra went from an awesome alien bloodsucking monster to a mangy dog in Texas is upsetting.
Was today years old when I learned jackalopes don't actually exist My life is a lie
i love this channel and im DELIGHTED to get a new iceberg series 🎉🎉  .....but it always leaves a bad taste in my mouth to see an entity from native american folklore called a "cryptid". however, i am mexican indigenous so i'd love any feedback from someone actually native american :o i think it's an interesting conversation to have about the way stories evolve and the way we can preserve the integrity of them even in massive online spaces.
The fact the kraken isnt S teir got me fuming
As a Jersey native I appreciate the A ranking for the JD. I've only driven past the pine barrens a couple of times, but I always like to think he's clomping around in there somewhere.
God I love the Michigan Dog Man
Aww man if the loch ness is considered overhyped that surely means that bigfoot fits in the C tier too, that thing is overhyped way too much :p Especially considering the other versions of it get put down because they're "bigfoot rip-offs".
W
You forgot they found an actual chupacabra in Texas and someone stuffed it!
This shit made my week
Thylacine is pronounced Thigh-la-seen fyi
Modern folklore dramatically accelerates from this point
wendigoon videos always leave me feeling thoroughly thanked and appreciated
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
The cryptozoology museum in maine is hilarious. I went a year or two ago. It's, like, this little hole in the wall filled with schizo shit. I loved it
Dude you spent over 10 minutes shilling and talking about random crap before getting to the actual video content. Sure hope you have enough time in your day to day life to put all the content together for the remaining part of the video. Used to be entertaining.
This list is bullshit
Iceberg boy finally did the iceberg I was most excited for! Thank you Iceberg boy ❤
I legitimately thought the jackalope was a real animal until about 3 years ago. I have no excuses or explanations why I was entirely sure it was real.
not in order of bangability?
Video does not start until 10:30
There is an entry on the bottom tier called the Goblin Universe. I live for stuff like that lol
The true iceberg boy returns. Thanks so much for the consistent content wendigoon, your stuff always brightens up my day, especially during this turbulent year. You’ve also helped me be more comfortable and stronger in my faith. From the bottom of my heart thank you and God bless.
Love it! When I was small, I wanted to become a cryptozoologist... Well, who am I kidding, I still want that!
12:37 Hearing about Nessie made me remember Nahuelito randomly
Oh boooyyyy, is this an icebergboy?
30:50 why are there the letters a b and w on the screen? I'm a new viewer, is it smth important or nah?
being from the basque country Ive always seen Bigfoot as the dumb cousin of the Basajaun, the Basajaun is a wise guardian of the forest here and is always depicted with this long ass beard that makes him look so smart and then half the depictions of bigfoot look like you just caugh him poopoing
10:29 List FINALLY starts here
Not puting Chupacabra in S should be a crime  jk, good video❤ congrats on the podcast
I’m so used to the super long videos from wendigoon, I was kinda disappointed this one’s only 30 minutes lol. But I’ll take what I can get!
Glad to see that Iceberg Boy is really living up to his name
Hell yeah
Mothman defined as a protector and if the statue is accurate is just defined. 💪
I miss magic spoon
AYO NEW ICEBERG BOI VIDEO!!!
chop chop iceberg boy
Iceberg boy is back!
Really hope the Not Deer makes an appearance.
Almost nostalgic to hear that music at the end of the video again, can’t wait for more parts to this one.
Hoop snake better be S tier.
10 minute intro bruh get into it quicker
Only 35 minutes? Why so short 😢
yapping for the first 10 minutes is crazy
HI Dad when do the Hawaiian shirts ship out?
Chupacabra in C! Iceberg-boy has disappointed all of Puerto Rico I type this and he mentions how he did a report on the Chupacabra in 8th grade. I guess I can take the C for now Saludos desde Puerto Rico supongo.
The Jersey Devil sounds a lot like HP Lovecrafts "Dunwich Horror"
Finally some good food
10:30 is when the video actually starts.
The Iceberg starts at 10:00
As someone from Maine who plans on making spooky content, this is fun to see
Love the new vid
Where my boi Gustov the bulletproof man-eating Crocodile?
Jackalopes are "real" though, there's the shope papilloma virus that causes infected rabbits to grow keratin wards all over, these can look like antlers or like some really unholy stuff straight from hell. Speaking from the pov of a 19th century person.
Thanks iceberg boy
mr. wendigoon if you cover the tsuchinoko and you don't give my perfect boy an s tier i will RIOT
Fuck yeah mothman is S tier
"Lake Loch Ness" hahahaha I love you Wendigoon mate never change. Much love from Glasgow
I especially like the SCP-Spin on the mothman.
When he was plugging his sponsor it cracked me up! He said it may look grassy but jt tastes just fine ! The man is lying through his teeth and he knows it 😂
Maine Maine Maine Maine!  Didn’t even know that was there, gotta go check that place out now. Only like 20 mins away from Portland.
Good job icebergboy
I already know this is gonna be a bangger series
SO DAMN EXCITED LETS GOO
I grew up in Wyoming (specifically Douglas, the hometown of the Jackalope) and the jackalope means so much to me personally. The original jackalope mount was put on display in the LaBonte hotel but it was stolen years and years ago, they never caught the guy.  Other fun 'facts' include: - the current hunting season for them is only June 31st between midnight and 2am - their milk is a powerful, sought-after aphrodisiac - it's illegal to bait them with whiskey (a favorite of theirs) - they can mimic human voices, mostly as self defense  you can still get hunting licenses for them at the Douglas visitor's center. there are also multiple 10+ foot tall statues of jackalopes around town
Scariest cryptid is the Jersey Devil because it almost made 11-year-old me pee my pants in Poptropica :(
Bro yapped and yapped for the first 10 mins
Bro maybe put the ad at the end of the video.
Oh yeah I hope Ugwug makes the list
10 mintues of intro
I watched this with my grandpa and he described Wedigoon as a “whimsical fellow” and said be belongs at the bottom of the iceberg.
They have jackalope heads at Texas Roadhouse and you would be shocked at how many people think it’s real
Wendigoon be like: American cryptid?: A-S tier Foreign cryptid? B-D tier and be thankful I put them in 😂
YESSSS ICEBERG ISAIAH IS BACK
10/10
I have been waiting for this for forever
As a Sasquatch I greatly appreciate the shout-out and A tier listing. I can also assure you we are rather harmless. In fact most of us walk amongst you and you don't even know it. You didn't hear that from me though😉
Yaaaaaaaasssssss 👏🏼👏🏼
Thank you for your video
I think this goes without saying, but obviously the wendigo has to be S tier when you eventually cover it. I’m not talking about some lame humanoid like we saw in the game Until Dawn. Nah, I’m talking about your mascot which has some of the most awesome depictions of any criptid. The depiction of the creature with deer hooves for feet, a body that is a mix between wolf and man, humanoid hands, and an exposed wolf skull with deer antlers is probably the coolest criptid design ever. I believe hat kind of strays from the original description, because I believe it was originally just a deer skull with antlers, but it could theoretically be anything because it’s based off of a shape shifting witch doctor who killed Canadian natives because of cannibalism. The idea of some mythical beast that exists to punish mankind for committing a specific crime against humanity is very cool to me
Wendigoon video!!!!! Lets gooooo! Wendigoon should be on the bottom of the iceburg. 😮
as a brazilian, i think you should have talked about the chupa cu while talking about chupa cabra
The actual ranking doesn't start until 10:30.
Well you also promised to do a large video on Agartha and giants? Please I beg you so much do it plaseeeee!!!
I'll take my creemees and cryptids elsewhere. D rating for champ is 😞
It is about time, Iceberg Boy
Iceberg Boy
Motman in S-tier is the correct choice!
Babe wake up, my favorite niche interest long form commentary posted.
Summary: If its an American Cryptid Wendigoon will like it. If not, not 🤣
iceberg boy back at it again
You Gotta stop with the 10 minutes of bullshit at the start of every video. Take all of that crap and put it at the end. Jesus Christ.
Bro really called giving credit “doxxing”
10 mins before the video actually starts. In a 35 min vid. Cmon mannnn
We back at it boys!!!
I'm a little shocked Iceberg boy didn't mention the theory of mothman being an angel and being seen as a black silhouette because we can't comprehend the true form of it. I like giant thicc bug better but yeah
Iceberg Boy back with the HEAT 🔥
As a WV native mothman made me proud.
Please mention the "carpet" It's supposed to be some sort of massive underwater organism that skims the bottom sand of the ocean.
Not feeling a third of the video being the intro
YEAHHHHHH MOTHMAN NUMBER 1 💪💪💪  - a West Virginian
will you be including drop bears on this list?
Iceberg starts at 9:50
Why Mothman kinda caked up though?
looks good iceberg boy
foaming at the mouth
Thank you for this iceberg boy
10:30
For some people Bigfoot is a forest guardian and to others it's a 4th dimensional creature with strong psychic powers and has the ability to make you forget you've ever seen it.
we need a 2nd pt ASAP
Rather than how cool you think they are, I'd love to see you rank the cryptids by your confidence that you could beat them in a fist fight.
I saw this vid on my feed and INSTANTLY clicked it
Thank you for getting around to doing this. Been waiting on you doing this iceberg since you originally referenced it. Need this
I fell off watching your channel. You got too big and now you're pure cringe
Wendigoon is the only one who can make a 10 minute intro and not completely lose me
I mean if you think about it..... before the countries were split the mountains that run through our country run through Asia too. I think a yeti and Bigfoot are the same thing just different spots ya know
I was so excited when I saw this pop up I squealed I cannot wait for more!!
I don’t normally ask anything from content creators… but I’m going on a road trip for work next Tuesday. It’s a 10 hour drive because fuck planes. That being said, if you can just go straight into the super long, 5+ hour video and have it done by then, that would be great. I’m not asking for too much am I?? 😅
With the Coelacanth I’m pretty sure that it wasn’t thought to be extinct. It was first discovered off South Africa and then fossils found of its ancestors weren’t that evolutionarily different, and that spun off into the myth that it was thought to be extinct
Kraken easily A tier , thing haunted the minds of thousands of sailors for hundreds of years. Imagine being a ancient sailor on and endless and unexplored sea not knowing what impossibly huge beasts lurked beneath.
Awesome video but you got a bunch wrong on the sasquatch and related species stuff (I dont blame you its a rabbit hole and you probably just did surface level research for this video)
Is the 6th beer a cryptid? I never recall having drank it, but I certainly know of the first five.
:DDDDD
There’s good material on the strange connection between the Loch Ness monster and Aleister Crowley and the Boleskine House.
Wendigoon fucked the Skunk Ape
Great video Iceberg boy, you're living up to your name
monsterfucker to do list
i loveee the chupacabra but I am probably biased because I grew up in south texas
what the hell is the "whale penis"?
PLEASE DO MORE
Just here to say that here in certain parts of NC, Dogman is a cryptic sighting and many locals have seen it, i have my own experience with one and I had no idea there was even a song for it. Always thought it was an NC thing
Back when I had cable I used to watch finding Bigfoot funny show.
I believe the Thylacine is considered a cryptid because it is thought to still be alive! There are lots of reported sightings, which I think gives it its cryptid status.
YAY YAAY YIPPEE YIPPE YAAYYY‼️‼️
Loch Ness Monster should be B tier because of the tree fiddy joke.
just got my wendigoon hoodie today and now a video! pure joy
I love this video and can’t wait for part 2!
*happy peepo image*
Just as exams begin, what a gift to receive. You're feeding us well. Can't wait to listen.
Finally an iceberg! Just like the good old times. I found your channel thanks to your first iceberg videos and i’ve been craving an iceberg video from you ever since. I hope it’s a long one. Thanks Wendigoose man!
have this video been made before?
You make the most consistently great videos It always makes me feel better when you post
More please
thanks ice berg boy
Anyone else recently find out how old he is? I still can’t believe he and I were in high school at the same time Edit: Still feels like all the content creators I watch are ages older than me
I met a woman in line for a record signing and we got talking for a few hours that we were waiting and I mention that I like and sometimes draw cryptids and she silently opened her phone to show me her phone wallpaper was just all cryptids, she said her favourite is the Fresno Nightcrawlers and I frantically pulled my phone out to show her the drawing I'd done of them rummaging through some trash cans. We were meant to be friends basically.  We later discussed liking video essays and she asked if I'd seen the 9 hour one on the conspiracy theories iceberg and I said "Wendigoon?!" and it was so funny and pleasant and I know she's gonna be watching these videos too and I just had to come here and tell you that.  Also the fresno boys are just adorable sentient trousers, change my mind.
regarding the Kraken, I have a copy of a 1539 map of Scandinavia where several sea monsters are depicted, including that......
I like that the jackalope and the drop bear have a similar origin the only difference being drop bears are real
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Living in Michigan, the Dogman scared the shit out of me as a kid. Seems pretty real when you know what the woods are like out here.
Fun fact: the jackalope is real... sort of. Rabbit papilloma virus causes bony growths to grow from a jackrabbit's head
Good video iceberg boy. Can't wait for the rest!
Ehh, what you came for starts at 10:30 .
Suprised about chupacabra being here and PR being mentioned. Usually people mention texas and mexico. The story I heard was Chupy was an experiment during the navy ocupation here.
I. Am. Pumped! I use cryptids frequently in my art (as part of an urban fantasy setting) and I am so ready.
Jankins
10 mins before you get into the video is too long
Small issue; 'Coelacanth' is not a species, or a genus. It's a Class. The only extant genus of Coelacanth is Latimeria. Specifically L. chalumnae and L. menadoensis.
Maine Mentioned!
Stayed home sick from school just to watch this!  I'm willing to bet that my students are glad I did 😆  Great video, man, and I think it's safe to say I speak for all of us when I say we can't wait to see the rest!
The Wendigoat uploads again
Ahhhhh I can’t wait for the next part! I’ve always been a cryptic creatures fan since elementary school when I found out about the chupacabra 🐐👽
I can't wait for the 24 hours supercut... let's go
Wendigoon I love you bro you're my favorite youtuber but a 10 minute intro is insane
"Chupacabra" was the name my friends and I gave to a shot we invented about 10-15 years ago. It's a very simple yet devastating recipe   consisting of 1 part tequila and 1 part Jagermeister.  While it doesn't drain blood like the cryptid, it does seem to drain your soul and leaves only blurry memories of the encounter. Not recommended for anyone but the bravest and most experienced of cryptid hunters.
I have a cat named Chupacabra
YES YES YES RAHHHHHH MORE ICEBERGS I LOVE UR ICEBERGS WENDIGOON RAHHHHHH
Watched all of Wendigoon's content within two weeks. Can confirm he's one cool dude
YEAAAHHHH MOTHMAN❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
The reason why the Thylacine is a cryptid is because it is still being sighted decades after its extinction
I had anxiety issues in high school when I was required to give presentations in drama class.  To counter this issue I found if I talk about things that I found interesting, and felt like I was well informed about the subject, I did better.  I went for the shock and awe presentations which included unusual sky fall, spontaneous human combustion, and some other odd subjects I can't remember.  Finally the teacher took me aside after class one day and asked me to do something that wasn't off.  At that point I did a presentation on Regiment 51, the all African American regiment that fought in the Civil War.  That was a fun subject to cover in rural southern Tennessee in the 90s back when we still very much had racism.  I grew up and became an archaeologist that is still very much interested in the paranormal.  I laughed when you mentioned your school research.
I love when you do icebergs!!!😊
If you think about it, the possibility for a kraken to be real is not as unlikely as many of the other criptids. We have solid evidence of leviathans like the megalodon, but the thing about a kraken is that it would be almost impossible to fossilize because of its soft body with no bones. It could be possible that a squid species larger than the giant squid could have been alive during the Viking era. Or of course it could have just been giant squids being blown out of proportions which is probably the case
Are black dogs in the iceberg? Given wendigoon is religious, literal hell hounds seem like the kinda stuff he’d be into
So excited for more of this iceberg!
This is gonna get me through my finals, thank you iceberg boy ✨
Hey, I just wanted to day thanks, I'm packing up the store I've worked at for nearly 3 years, and genuinely enjoyed working at, as the store is closing. I'm getting laid off and listening to your content makes it hurt less, cheers.
dude its been like 15 hours wheres part 2
Iceberg boy strikes again
great video
“lake Loch Ness” is a tad redundant because Loch = lake, jsyk! I love your videos sm and can’t wait to watch the whole iceberg in Dec 2024 ❤
Chupacabra was crazy in PR it was all over the news for months
alr iceberg boy
Jersey Devil Supremacy
i have been waiting for this iceberg since i started watching your channel back in the early conspiracy theory iceberg videos
Hey my neck of the woods! Not much comes from here, glad it's some wild shit.
video starts at 10:28
Just sayin, idk how you make a "Cryptid Iceberg" and not have probably the most popular cryptid of the modern age on there, like seriously where is Skinwalkers lol? (I checked and didn't see them anywhere on there) Also, I personally think having Kraken at B tier is a travesty, like it's scary, hostile, extremely famous and has deep lore. It 100% deserves A tier, if not S, imo.
Massive icebergs? Several parts? A big supercut later on? We’re back boys…it’s a Wendi now!!!
y’all complaining bout when the video starts like you can’t just skip it forward😭
LETS GO
Revisiting cryptids makes me want a souls like game where you fight each cryptid
A man that sticks to his words, is a man well worth of a subscribe🫂
If we are talking about the Florida Everglades you should probably put 20 ft burmese python on this list
“Dan Akroyd” on the bottom list is so perfect 😂
ice berg begins at 10:00
SCP ICEBERG!!!
10:29 the video actually starts
Dude, what? You put the freaking Jackalope a tier over the Chupacabra? This is way too biased towards USA cryptids, c'mon.
35 minute video and literally 10 minutes of it is an introduction and ads. Bro.....😅
I need that Bigfoot poster in the background
As a Wyomingite...I can verify that Jackalopes are real.
I hope to see if the Tokoloshe makes an appearance, I really want to see a cryptid that come from where I live
WOOOOO, yeah baby!!!
I love your videos but man, it took over 10 minutes to get into this one :(
My favorite piece of Bigfoot lore is that sign that says "Bigfoot is real and he ate my ass"
how is 1/3 of the video just an AD??? wtf
The only thing I care about is how kissable these cryptids are.
If your into these type of videos FF to 10:28 tml
Thanks for splitting it up 😅
I feel as if kraken is s tier and chup is a
Love the videos man!
my favorite cryptid is schrödinger's cat
I have been waiting for this day since I first discovered this channel, I am so excited to see what the other tiers have to offer. Thank you Mr. Wednigoon.
it probably isn't in the iceberg but i need to cover et de varginha, et bilu and chupa cu de goianinha from brasil
Love wendigoon but why does it take nearly 11 minutes to get started into the video when the video is only 35 minutes long
I love ag1 but it's pretty expensive. About $1000 a year if you include shipping
he stops yapping at 10:26
Thank you for pointing out the origin of the Chupacabra. They've done my home island's cryptid so dirty over the years, hurts every time. Growing up in the mountains, I have always been told stories of the "reptilian bug eyed two legged sharp teeth blood sucker." Mixed between an iguana, insect and humanoid creature that would live in the mountains or plains, basically wherever there were chickens, pigs, or cows in the area. So seeing it being turned into just a "rabbid like dog" took away so much from it.
Iceberg boy
me too christmas, me too 0:03
I hope he talks about the oviedo dick monster in the iceberg.
I would love to build myself a jackalope skull at some point. I think they are freaking adorable.
Rougaroux. Rougaroux. Rougaroux.
I actually ordered the AG1, here's hoping it's good yall
Iceberg boy stikes again
Skunk Ape really is just the StankSquatch 😂
Let's gooooooo
10:30 iceberg begin I love your iceberg videos but dude c'mon... 10min about info and advertisement in 35min video it's too much.
Babe wake up, new wendigoon video just dropped
great video but it was a bit frustrating having to skip to 10 minutes to even get to the actual iceberg
Wendigoon why are you on IFunny?
Damn why does the boring portland have the cool museum?
YIPPEE ICEBURG BOY!!!!!!!
Video starts at 9:51
Apparently “2ndJerma viewers also watch wendigoon”
This in no way is a negative critique of you and I will always appreciate your content but holy fuck the 10 minute intro was killing my ADHD, I finished half my food by the end of it
WOOOOOOOOOOO
Aaaah I'll have to skip this one for now bc I'm doing my own work with a cryptid and mythological creatures iceberg. Wishing you the very best with this series!! 💜
The yeti is a huge orangutan that started eating bamboo. Orangutans usually eat fruit which controls their size because food is scarce unlike bamboo which is everywhere. so they grew to unporportionate heights because of their new found food source. there were huge bones found in stores around the area in the 19th century by a scientist. These “dragon bones” as they put it was to solve erectile disfunction and hypothetically you would crush them up. So obviously the scientist wanted to study them so he went store to store buying as many as possible! Funny enough he tried to find the sight where they were digging them up but obviously the stores were reluctant since that’s how they make money.
I was never sure whether the Jackalope was a real thing or not. I'm glad that someone finally explained what a Jackalope is, and am even more pleased such a weird creature isn't real.
@wendigoon do u own a corvette? I noticed that cool logo u have in the background!
makes me sad that a whole ass third of this video is just jargon. never seen him really do that before so it sucks a bit but can’t wait for more content!
This was just all the homework Wendigoon had to do for the Red Thread, which you should all watch in the Official Channel! He just decided to share his analog boy study notes with us🙏
I have filed my formal request for a 9 hour long iceberg video on different kinds of paint drying. Please and thank you iceberg boy. Love you, you're awesome and congratulations on your marriage 🎉
Iceberg Boy back to his namesake
Iceberg boy is back.
It begins.
35 minute video of which 10 minutes are yapping and ads, I love you man but cmon
The Thaylicline actually has some people believing it's been seen again in the wild though mostly elusive. So it's cryptid status is granted because it's possible there's a handful still out there somewhere.
I’m sad I just missed getting that hoodie, it’s so sick
The wendigo has begun labeling the other cryptids 😅
i don’t usually comment but due to circumstances i’m having lunch at school alone. but i don’t feel alone, i have silly youtube man
Can’t wait for “The Cryptid Iceberg Rises” and “Cryptid Iceberg: Tokyo Drift”
Iceberg Boi's grand return to Icebergs (though all of your videos are excellent Wendigoon ✨)
as someone who subscribed when the disturbing movie iceberg came out, i am SO thrilled for a new wendigoon iceberg
10:30 just gonna put this here.
Icebergboy is back at it again.
"...a chilling reminder..." x infinity
Fun fact about the Yeti! The name “Abominable Snowman” refers to the creatures SMELL, not its behavior! Similar to Bigfoot, the yeti stinks (affectionate)
10 minutes intro might be just a bit much
Jesus, 572k views in 14 hours.
Hell yea
They gentrified the Chupacabra ☠️
Wendigooning to this video :)
About damn time
I’m from Michigan and the dog man scared me so much as a kid 😭
THE RETURN OF ICEBERG BOYYY
THE ICEBERGS ARE BACK BABY
Iceberg starts at 10:25
Just a side note, 'loch' means lake, so you're saying lake lake Ness 😂 great video as always.
New wendigoon video ✊ victory
STILL can’t believe I’ve lived 20 minutes from the cryptozoology museum in Portland for years and I’m just now finding out about it from a Wendigoon Cryptid Iceberg. Whack.
did X-Files do an episode about Champie?
Are you going to do a video on WW2 like you promised, viewers never forget
Really looking forward to the 10 hour cryptid iceberg video. Also, I love you but please don't ever say lake loch Ness ever again. I felt an aneurism starting to form for a second
10 minutes until the content actually begins, jfc
THIS VIDEO DROP HAD ME STIM DANCIN
As a Hispanic I’ve ALWAYS loved the Chupacabra but I agree that it basically being turned into a rabid dog creature as opposed to some reptilian humanoid always bothered me. Me and my primos always conflated the two and thought the Chupacabra to be a reptilian dog thing and that’s how I’ve considered it ever since
It took almost 11 minutes to get into the actual video, a third of the whole thing
I zoned out for a moment and even though you talked about it in the beginning, I was so confused when I picture of the man named Lauren Coleman appeared on screen after all the monsters/animals pictures
can you just start the fucking video man holy shit. i get the sponsorship part cus u need money but do we really need the extended rambling about ur podcast and the merch plug as well. 35 minute long video and it takes like 11 goddamn minutes to actually get to the subject of it. this channel has become fucking unwatchable in the past year
my grandma has a taxidermied jackalope! we're in saskatchewan though 😄
hear me out, the lach ness monster, is just a water giraffe
You need to do a crossover with @hauntedcosmos_ and @blurrycreatures
Finding Big Foot is a show of Not Finding Big Foot.
I love when Iceberg Boy makes an iceberg video to embrace the title of Iceberg Boy!   PS. We need skme Iceberg Merch please
Wasn't the yeti before Bigfoot? Wouldn't the correct term be American yeti instead of snow bigfoot?
Everyone is skeptical about cryptids until they are attacked by a Wampus cat in their outdoor laundry room....
9:50 Video starts here (explanation of cryptids and icebergs at the begining
Looking forward to seeing my boi the Hodag somewhere near the twilight zone
10k views an hour currently. Incredible
I swear to god, I was about to watch a video going through every sonichu comic, your lucky I love this channel there’s not many things that can pry me away from some of the most incomprehensible horror on the internet.
phenomenal
Most shocking thing about this is that he’s married??? How did I nit know this???
I like Sasquatch.
Great video as always Mr wendigoon. Now chop chop, iceberg boy.
video starts at 10:30
"Shorter videos" (It's still 30 minutes my dude XD) Aren't bad in anyway. I just like your content so more of it in anyway is always great.
There’s actually a manga with a similar premise as the dog man. Can’t quite remember the title. Dog …. Something
I’m literally rolling around on the floor like a dog with rabies rn I have been PATIENTLY waiting for this one
I saw the title and just about busted
I literally thought the Jackalope was real until this video
I really hope this covers a certain alien sighting from Brasil...
Can't wait to see what Wendi thinks of the likes of "The Van Meter Visitor". Iowa be WILDIN
Iceberg boy is back! 🥳
I love how he took about 10:25 minutes to get to the video.
ICEBERG BOY BACK AT IT AGAIN
FUCK YEAH MOTHMAN S TIER LETS GO!
if anything i respect the mispronunciation of thylacine, never change iceberg boy
waiting for the chupacu
Video starts at 10:30
Wendy green you should check out the card game known as metazoo it's all about Cryptids
I love your cryptid based videos. Keep them coming!
I really hope Normie (NC Nessie) and the Wampus Cat are on the iceberg :3
Thyla-seen, not thyla-kyne ;)
You could make a video reading the encyclopedia and I’d be interested
I invented my own cryptid= cartwheeling  succubus twins  The true form of a succubus is a dyad but human eyes are in plato's cave without dmt so instead this vesica pisces appears as  what ever men objectify or a valentines heart or a lovecraftian body horror bad lsd trip  david cronenberg hybrid of all the pretty parts of a woman.  And then there are pairs of succubi that are upside down and backwards to each other joined at the point(tail) of the valentine so they can appear in human form. But when the illusion breaks down they become like the purple chick from the 1982 animated short malice in wonderland by vince collins (which is the correct version of the mannequins from silent hill 2) They are also depicted in medieval tapestries of demons with 2 faces, with the second face in the weird spot
Internet and education mean nothing to ignorant people. I live on lake superior, and a lot of my friends who work in tourist industries have made jokes to tourists about whale watching in the lake. Yes, it is the largest lake in the world at 31,700 square miles, and up to 1,332 feet deep, it has the volume to house a whale, but it's fresh water. Yet tourists will happily believe there are whales, sharks, and dolphins in the lake. Not only on the word of local jokesters, but I have met people in other states who literally just assume those creatures live there without ever having visited or researched the lake. The biggest things in there are lake sturgeon, which can grow to a hefty 150+ lbs, but it's no whale obviously lol.
Me still waiting for your 10+ hour WW2 video
LETS FUCKIN GO
10:33 video starts here 💀
hell yeah! I've been waiting for this for awhile!
More video like this please
mf really took literally 10 minutes to start the video
A tier list AND an iceberg? What unending joy
We are so fucking back y'all!
Some of you only watch this, some of you only watch that  Sir I watch/listen to literally anything and everything you upload, I do not care what it is
Aye, I grew up with Champy. Cool to see you cover it.
Skip the first 10 minutes. You'll thank me. It's all adds and sponsors.
oh my god, I remember when your channel was just starting and you were doing the conspiracy theory iceberg! it feels so cool to see you back in action on another huge iceberg project again. Can't wait to hear about the goblin universe.
I’m surprised wendigoon didn’t mention that the jersey devil is the namesake for a hockey team
Iceberg starts at 10:30 in case u have impatient adhd brain like me :3
Video starts at 10:30
Come to Rock Solid Karate, 3:15
cyptids are so dumb imo, only interesting for learning local culture
Get on that iceberg grind iceberg boy
video starts at 10:30
There are bears in the woods around Wexford/Dickinson twp so the Dog man isn't too unrealistic being a small drowsy bear.
I like Critikal, but Wendigoon and Papa Meat are my dream team. Looking forward to Creepcast!
Oml 10 minutes of ramblings and introduction! (Excluding sponsor plug)  By the end of it I was skipping with that "get on with it!" Bit from Monty Python and questo for holy Grail going thru my head.
Heck YEAH
Is the Esquilax going to be in the iceberg?
If the Maltese Tiger isn’t on this list, I’m gonna be sad.
I’m an Iowan Native, from Van Meter, and I really hope to see the Van Meter visitor! Although trivial compared to some of the big players, it means a lot to my small town and our culture as a whole :) It’s also a pretty original story/monster in terms of things. Love you Wendigoon!!!
Hey Wendigoon!! Been a huge fan for ages, but I'm starting to notice that the intros are mostly plugs for other projects you're doing. This video had 10 full minutes of plugs for podcasts and your ad read, which would be fine, but thats 30% of the video. Its not a huge deal or anything but I mean yeesh, thats kind of a lot of runtime dedicated to ads, even if the majority is ads for YOUR stuff.
MOTHMAN IS SO S-TIER he's my favorite bro, I have a custom mothman plush and I love him so much
The Jersey Devil? That is literally _so_ rude… he has a name, you know. It’s Chris Christie.
Finally
DOGMAN MENTION, GOTTA REP MY MICHIGAN BOY‼️‼️‼️💪💪💪
My only disappointment is that it's not 76 hours long.
🦞🌲🦞🔥MAINE MENTIONED🔥🦞🌲🦞
My man, how many times can you say "but before we get started" before we get started? It's making me so started.
Video starts at 10:25
CHAMP MENTION LETS GOOOOO!!!!!
As a Wyoming Native, thank you for covering the Jackalope lol
Everything American is top ironic
FINALLYYYY
For one of my English assignments I did a paper on Cryptids, so you're definitely not alone on loving these little buggers.
best christmas gift ever
Take a shot every time West Virginia is mentioned Also I can't wait to see how high he ranks Giant Robot Space Mommy AKA The Flatwoods Monster
I've pictured dipper pines making this tier list and I can't unsee it
I've been waiting for this for YEARS.
I'm just a few minutes in and I have something to say. This dude has 3 million subscribers and still forgot to turn his ceiling light off so it doesn't put glare on the markerboard... I sure hope he notices
shaking quaking ive been WAITING FOR THIS   ps please play signalis
Is @wendigoon a cryptid?
Over 10 minutes to get to the first one is crazy. Like 4 different ads for himself.
Loch means lake, so you called it "Lake Lake Ness"
Oh this mulch giving is so plentiful both of mulch and of wendigoon video oh joyus day
Woo Hoo! New Iceberg! 😎
Ooooo fun! A little help on the Goblin Universe, since thats lower and really weird.   Last Podcast on the Left did a real good breakdown of it, so that would be a good starting point! But basically what the goblin universe is, is more of a metaphor than anything tangible. Basically all supernatural and unexplainer phenomena, from ghosts to aliens and cryptids, are all the same types of entities from the same realm. Entities that peer through the veil of reality will take on the forms that we have either built up subconsiously or have belief structures in. They are masks that they wear, rather than their actual nature. So basically all strangeness comes from the same source, the "goblin universe" (a name the writer gave just to note a fantastical nature) and take on the forms we could best possibly comprhend them in.   All this too came out after the original writers death. The goblin universe was a pet theory of his that he was frankly embarrassed about. But i suppose his friends throught he was on to something
It’s honestly crazy how some people will swear by something and not have any evidence and go off what someone they know or don’t know says. I like the stories, but some people are stupid.
Man I really love your content and appreciate the research and time you devote to your projects and channels, and I'd like to give you a feedback. Could you consider making some of the intros a little bit shorter? This may be a selfish thing to ask but I'm watching you while I'm working and the way you structure your videos and the way you talk gets me into the flow state real quick. Sorry if this is a rude thing to ask by the way
Video actually starts at 10:28, incase you want to skip all the stuff that isnt about cryptids, like the ads, and plugs for merch and podcasts.
Skunk Ape: "What if Bigfoot + Florida Man?"
Long ass intro.
Video doesn’t start until 10:30
YES. This is my roman empire.
Made a trip from VT to go to the Portland Cryptozoology Museum a few years ago!!! Got the coolest Coelacanth tshirt that I wear all the time ☺️
Yeaaaaah babyyyy! That's what I've been waiting for!
fucking mothman on S and the kraken on B
10:31 content starts
Wendi, I love your content, man. But taking 10 & 1/2 minutes to begin your video is ridiculous
I just keep waiting eagerly for wendigoon to cover vita carnis. ❤😅😅
This made me so so happy. I’ve watched sour previous iceberg videos multiple times and cryptids are one of my favourite topic…christmas came early haha ❤
Idk about the dogman cryptid but there were mythological races of dogmen, st mercurius had dogmen bodygaurds and there was a mistranslation/artistic representation of st christopher by the russian orthodox in the 1800s
My boy took 10 minutes to actually start the iceberg 😅
I always get so excited whenever I get a notification from this channel! So excited to see more of this iceberg
Being around for the start of an iceberg after watching all of the other ice bergs makes me feel special
i've never been so excited about a youtube series before
10 minute intro is crazy 😭 bro got a PhD in yapology Fire video tho
If you want to see a diorama of a giant squid fighting a sperm  whale you should check out the house on the Rock in WI
@Wendigoon Love your work! but... has anyone figured out what the hidden letter in the images of the cryptids spell out yet? 14:33-14:42 there is B C A, again around 30:24 there is A B W Y maybe its just the overlay filter, but... when you watched the whole conspiriacy theory iceburg recently... lets dig into it!
The video starts at 10:30
🙏
You think the actual Wendigo watches Wendigoons videos?
I'm surprised the kraken wasn't higher up, yes it could've just been a collosal squid but it's still an og cryptid
YIPPEE
FUCK. YES.
There's actually a disease that causes rabbits to have horn like growths on their head
10:32 starts the vid
Goon, you should guest on Blurry Creatures of Haunted Cosmos
I'm very excited!
Where can I buy the glowing hexagons in the bottom right corner? They look really cool
Im wendigooning
Wendigoon, love your content, but holy shit a 10 minutes intro is INSANE. Please put the ad somewhere in the middle next time or something, this is ludicrous on a 35 mins vid lmao
Skip 10 minutes in
Im excited, _Iceberg boy_ is back
*screeching* YEEEEESSSSS!!!!!
I love how many cryptids are just mad-libs.  Like "alright, name an animal, a state, and an item you'd have on you normally." "Uhhhh... Gecko, Florida, and shoes."  "Alright, so there's a cryptid in Florida called the Gecko man and he strangles people who walk the everglades at night without shoes on."
Let's go, iceberg boy has returned to bless us with forbidden knowledge that will leave us broken and terrified!
when i was a kid in 2010ish kids used to talk about the man-bear-pig which is half man, half bear, and half pig. truly horrifying
I’ve been looking forward to this one and I’m so excited
Wendigoon you're Awesome I've been a huge fan of yours for a long time! Love the content keep being cool 😎 😊
Will you ever do a video on Angel Hare?
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Iceburg boy back at it again!
i find it incredibly funny that the most popular "loch ness monster sighting" is a picutre of a whale dick shifted to be black and white
hello wendiman
oh my god when does the video actually start ive been here for like nine minutes already
I am actually surprised that this cryptid iceberg and cryptid tier list didnt happen sooner.
I understand that everyone would love a 10 hour video on the cryptids and any othe content he has but guys remember people get burnt out. I’m not saying at all that hes losing his gusto but maybe one of the resons he decided to make this a series instead of one big video is because editing all that, filming all that, researching all that, takes so much time and work. This dude puts so much work into his videos and it really pays off. As much as i love the long form content, with so much of what he covers im not mad if he thinks this will be easier for him lol give a guy a break
Dan Akroyd being at the bottom of the iceberg cracks me up
I thought the Jackalope was real (not the stories, just the creature itself) up until a few years ago. Yes, I was 17 when I found out that fucker wasn't real.
I've been waiting for this one!!!! I'm so excited!!!!
10:34 too much blah blah to get here thumbs down
49 seconds in, only 49 seconds. What do I see? “Whale penis”
another amazing video, ive missed these iceberges
iceberg boy really living up to his name
you also promised to continue the scp icebergs a year ago....  regardless, i am grateful. love your videos
For Nessie and the champie they may have just been a whale’s penis poking out the water. Which is responsible for many legends of sea monsters
Show the vette
My mom had a dog when I was in middle school named chupacabra, she had no teeth and shook constantly
Very excited for the rest of this series. I hoped you would mention the "Gable Film" in relation to the dogman. It's another definitive hoax but it scared the hell out of me when I was a kid.
When I started the video I thought to myself man this youtuber has a good beard, and I started listening to the video while doing something else. When the loch ness monster was ranked only a C tier I was shocked and looked back at my monitor. Well it was about that moment when I noticed this youtuber with the good beard was about 8 stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era. I've met the loch ness monster a few times now and all I'm saying is don't be shocked when the new item available in December cost about tree fiddy. God damn loch ness monster always trying to get my tree fiddy. I don't got no tree fiddy.
Video starts at 10:31
can people please explain why on earth an ape is one of the most popular cryptids?! Can we please move on collectively and put this furry to rest?
You can get a hunting license for Bigfoot in oklahoma
Elegant as always wendigoon
You’re awesome dude! Cant wait for the rest, thank you for all your hard work!  I don’t blame your wife for grabbing morthman’s butt, I’d do the same thing! 🤣 annnnd my husband would roll his eyeballs and walk away from me 🤣🤣🤣
Guys, wake up, Wendigoon is BACK
In Brazil we have Chupacabra sitings to this day, like bovines exsanguinated, with a big hole around their neck. The Brazilian variation of the Chupacabra is the one I like the most, I was terrified of it as a kid
GOBLIN UNIVERSE!!
how do u take 10 mins to get into the first animal that is mental
video begins at 10:30  this is the first video i've watched. it takes TEN MINUTES to get to the video. are they all like this??
27:53 so basically the Jackalope is the American version of our Drop Bears?
I remember when I was a kid, I thought there was a monster in a cornfield because the guy put two red reflectors on sticks next to each other. Every time I see the mothman eyes, I can't help but think that's what people saw.
YEEEEESSSSSSS FINNAAALLYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m so ready for the 10 hour compilation of these videos
bro, i like you and everything, but damn why did you start the video 10 minutes in xD i ate my food and didnt hear nothing about some cryptids hahahaha
Please cover Chris Kattan. He's a former SNL cast member, but has been reported as a cryptid.
Congrats on #12 place on trending 🎉
Will you post a visual list or link of the ice berg to follow along to?
18:35 Gorillas were just African Bigfoot until like the mid 19th century (1847 to be exact).
Combining a tier and iceberg video and doing it on cryptids with Wendigoon? Yes, please! However i'm defending the Fiji Mermaid here: the poor lil' chaps should have got ranked if the Jackalope did.
As a trinitarian mystic myself= Are not all cryptids merely the same extradimensional entities we call the angels and the fallen angels/demons and sometimes nephilim(demons)????? Not that they don't have tiers of uniqueness in and of themselves  *And not counting undiscovered animals
I remember talking with a friend about the possibility that Mothman has some hypnotic ability or maxed out charisma stats or something because we've never met anyone, from the obsessed to the casual, who see Mothman and think of him as anything less than the coolest cryptid in school.
Scari monter
Alot of these cryptids could be classified as furries.
Video starts at 10:00
WENDIGOON CRYPTIDS RAHHHHHH
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK!!!!
Thank you for making your videos. I don't know how long I've been watching you channel but it's been a few years and you always make me smile. Thank you.
Me taking note of every one of these i saw in a Scooby-Doo episode
Jackalope has major haggis vibes. Innocent nature, combination of animal features, locals tell tales of it to people from elsewhere. They'd get along well I think, cryptid pals
We love you iceberg guy
WOW IS THAT A WENDIGOON REFERENCE!!!!!
I was here the day the next big iceberg began
Awesome! I can’t wait for more!
We are so back
Iceberg boy is real
Video starts at 10:30
big mothy boi is the best.
Rock on iceberg boy!
Ooooh yeeeaaaah
What about weird Bible
another reason why the thylacine could be on there is because there is quite a large and active group of people in australia (and tasmania) who have claimed to see thylacine's alive today. its a pretty fun rabbit hole for anyone interested the thylacine awareness group of australia puts out a ton of videos including an hour and 40 minute video documentary which is how i got introduces to the thylacine as a cryptid
well well well Mr iceberg boy
The correct term for the skunk ape is "Stank-Foot"
Cryptid iceberg advent calendar? Sign me up!!
nice video, iceberg boy
Love the videos, but 1/3rd of this is announcements and ads. That's not very cool.
Sir, the fact that you released something other than a 72 hour deep dive on literally anything is an affront to my people (I’m autistic)    /s just in case
10:30 is when the video starts.
Cant wait for this Iceberg thanks for the gift Wendigoon
You also promised a deeper dive into GIANTS!!!! and that hasn't happened yet lol
Loran Coleman is also one of the founders of Battletech.
Dude, how long is this intro? How many more minutes do I have to pass to actually peek into the actual topic of the video? Anyways, I skipped it.
Wow, Wendigoon. You get so mad that Kane Pixels called you Iceberg Boy, and then you turn around and do a multi part iceberg seires. Ridiculous..  Btw, when will Wendi be making a video on The Longest View?
I love you man but it was hard to sit through that 10+ minute intro
LETS GOOOOOOO
I was the same way. In the 2nd grade we could choose any book to do a book report on. Most people choose the manic tree house or Geronimo Stilton. I did a book about crop circles
When I heard you mention the international crypto museum in Maine I literally nearly shit myself haha. I mow that places lawn!
YESS IT MUST BE CHRISTMAS
Your story about the project you did as a kid reminded me of my own similar story. When I was 10 I did a book project on the book called Do Not Open that talked all about conspiracy theories and every page was different with fun illustrations. For my class presentation on the book I dressed up as a my own Men in Black character with my own code name and everything. It had a page called the cryptid zoo. I love cryptids and have since even met one myself 2 years ago, although from my research I have not been able to figure out WHAT it was. Hopefully the lower tiers hint at a possible answer or maybe I discovered something new.... CANT WAIT FOR MORE!!!
Don't mind me, just playing Supernatural bingo while watching your video
today i learned that the jackalope is the american dropbear. it started out as a meme to fool outsiders and then got famous.
Actual content starts at 10:30
If destination discovery is the show I think it is, it's friggin hilarious and I loved it as a kid. There was one where the host went to Mexico and a family claimed that they had a child that was a werewolf and they put him in front of cameras, and then jumped between feeds before cutting back to an empty chair. They then ran an obvious cardboard cut out of a Wolf going by one of the cameras to make it seem as though he turned into a werewolf and then turned back almost immediately somewhere else It was hilarious.
Make more vids like this please and I’ll subscribe
Babe wake up! Wendigoon just dropped a new iceberg.
Iceberg boy is back
10:30 is when the video actually starts
I hope my husband, the Loveland frogman makes an appearance. Very hyped for this series.
❤❤❤
Shoutout to that one old guy on youtube who said a female bigfoot had sex with him.
Iceberg Boy back at it again!
Iceberg boy
In your wife's defense, you can't visit the Point Pleasant Mothman Statue and not touch his inexplicably juicy ass
MAINE MENTIONED 🦞🦞🦞🦞🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🫎🫎🫎🫎🫎🌲🌲🌲🌲
10 minute intro is crazy
Can’t really see the whiteboard.
The Jersey Devil is my personal favorite simply due to the fact that there is a PS1 game called "The Jersey Devil" and I used to play that nonstop. Thinking back, it's a pretty odd game for sure, but man that vibe always appealed to me.
“Babe wake up, wendigoon dropped a new iceberg!”
10:32 video begins
I was like a Wendigoon ice berg? Christmas came early!
Hooray! I've been fiending for a Wendigoon iceberg.
OH I AM SO READY FOR THIS SERIES! Please don't hold back, don't take shortcuts, we need CONTENT to listen to!! Thank you mr Wendi! <3
As a Michigan native, I'm so happy to hear you talk about the Dogman. I think your placing in the tier list is pretty fair, since, if I'm remembering correctly, the Dogman song that was written and played by the disc jockey was meant to be a joke/prank that grew to take on a life of its own.
Topics actually starts @10:30
If u want to skip the introduction: 10:29
Video starts at 10:25 believe it or not
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
My friends uncle, who lives in rural Missouri, claims bigfoot does Blair Witch things in his back yard (the woods).
GOON MERCH
Shout out to goat man for taking Wendi's family hostage for him to make this iceberg 🎉🎉
so glad this channel popped off. man deserves it!
Holy cow a 10 minute intro
thank you, ice berg man
Solid video!
hey that’s crazy i have the same sweater
👍
This is me yelling that I LOVE it and I DON'T want you to do something else!
The video starts at ten minutes and thirty seconds
AWWWWWW DAMN AWWWWWW HECK AWWWWWWW MOTHMAN AND BIG FOOT AND CHUPACABRA CHRISTMAS BABEEEEEEEE!!!!!
The main thing you need to know about cryptids, is that they're not real. Just like Santa, an honest politian, and God. Its cool to see what people's imagination was like back in the day though
Shut up and take my money
Thanks Isaiah. I'm sick as a dog right now and this couldn't have dropped at a better time. THE CRYPTIDS SHALL CLEANSE THEE
Video starts at 10:33 - you lost me forever mate
Iceberg boy did it again!
This video felt like a YouTube Short
Loved this.  I’m excited for the next video
NEW WENDIGOON DROP EVERYONE LETS GOOOOO
Trash Iceberg. Wendigoon wasn't on it.
Holy shit man. The actual video doesnt even start until @10:30 what is with all the nonsense filler BS? Make a separate video for channel updates
Awesome video, as always! Do you think once all the parts are out you'll stitch them into one big video like you did with that one series I cant remember the name of? (Sorry lol)
Skunk Ape is literally the only fucking one that matters! Its the most important!
wendigoon is one of the only youtubers who could make a video on ANYTHING & i'd still watch it
"babe wake up Wendigoon posted his first cryptid iceberg video"
Iceberg boy jumping into one of the biggest icebergs around
Chupacabra gonna suck you off for this one
35 mins wendigoon upload  😃  first 10 mins is just the intro 🙁
10:00
I am also bad at meeting deadlines I set for myself!  (relatability +1)
I'd recommend Bob Gymlan's videos on Bigfoot & the Skunk Ape. Especially for the one of that black Skunk Ape picture. I don't think the Ripley's display explanation is true.
Mold iceberg coming soon?
Poob will be pleased
I love how the only difference between Bigfoot and Florida Bigfoot is that the latter smells like shit
So where is the most popular and arguably credible cryptid - Dragons?  Or do they get their own video?
28:44 No. These are the eyes of an undiscovered cryptid.
How you gonna put skunk ape in the same tier as the yeti? Skunk ape is just smelly bigfoot created by some bored Floridans. The Yeti has a much more established history and lore and is both figuratively and literally cooler than the skunk ape. Personally I think the yeti is also cooler than bigfoot, but I will let that slide. Ranking him on the same tier as skunk ape, however is unforgiveable. I will be unsubscribing for percisely one day.  Edit: Nvm, the jackelope has been done justice. All is forgiven
Skip 14 minutes if you wana watch the content
As an Australian I truly appreciate you making the distinction between Tasmania and Australia 😉
Dude...had to fast forward 10 minutes of the video just to get to the good stuff
iceberg boy back in his element
My grandpa had a stuffed jackalope lmao
Dude the Jersey Devil scared me so bad as a kid XD My first introduction to it was through Poptropica and none of the other cryptids terrified  me the way the Jersey Devil did
Give Mokele-Mbembe S-tier. It is my favorite cryptid and I can easily make an argument for it being the best one.
From Wyoming, I love the jackalope story! My grandpa convinced some people from New York that we had jackalope rodeos in some old cow pens on a ranchers ranch! 😂
This was fun. I’m so excited for this series 😊
Looking forward to these, I've thought that cryptids were cool ever since I read through the cryptids Childcraft book in the 3rd grade. I don't even know if they still make Childcraft books, but we didn't have the internet in 1993, so seeing all the Cryptids in a book was cool. I was especially entertained by the idea of Mokele-membe
Another instant classic by the iceberg boy himself 😎😎
ICEBERGS ARE BACK??????? LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 🦍🐉🧌👽👻🧟‍♂️
I was surprised when i saw Dan Aykroyd in the last tier but i don´t know if its spelled wrong in the tier list or it actually is a whole different thing.
I leave this comment for algorythm
Critikal podcast... hard pass.
woohoo !!!!
God I hope that the Snallygaster is somewhere on this iceberg! Obviously not on this tier, but somewhere!   Amazing video as always Wedigoon! ^^
I swear Mothman better be S-teir. I won't do anything if he isn't, but I would be so disappointed🤣   *EDIT- Yaaaay!!!*
PISS
CHAMPY MENTIONED!!! I was hoping you would talk about her. She's so awesome. I go to school in Burlington where she is essentially our mascot. I think it's cool how the idea has been around in native stories.  Kinda sad you put champ in D tier but totally understandable
can someone give me a timestamp of any of these that like. curse you if you hear about them? I can't stand to listen to those kind of stories
big foot, more like redneck yeti 🤣
Show starts at 10:31
I like this guys videos but the video not actually starting til 10 minutes in is crazy lol
Hearing lake Loch Ness hurt my brain severely
WOOOO
My uncle would always call me chupucabra anytime I'd see him when I was growing up. I never knew why he called me that but I first found the chupucabra in a kind of cryptid book, I still love that nickname tho🤣
I see wendigoon iceberg I click
CRYPTID ICEBURG LET'S GOOOOOOOO
HELL YEAH, CRYPTID TIME!!!
Bro, to the level of fame, where he's partnering with Critical and Meat Canyon now???? I'm not sure. i realized how big he's gotten
Video starts at 10:30 :)
south jersey native, the jersey devil sparked my love for crytids, i can't wait for the rest of this iceberg! fun little fact: i worked with an old man who does tours through the pine barrens, he believes that the jersey devil as it's usually described might have come from a hammerhead bat accidentally being brought to jersey during the era of slave ships
This is the best winter holiday gift you could have given us!! My home state has a slightly obscure local cryptid, I’m hoping it shows up! :D
this is where iceberg boys became iceberg men
Iceberg boy
Iceberg boy
I cannot tell you how excited I am to hear about "The Goblin Universe"
video starts at 10:24
getting called iceberg boy really did something to him
It takes you 10 minutes to get to the content
I am pumped for the loveland frogmen. They're little cuties. I wish there was more, but who doesnt love wizard frogs shooting magic at you😂
The video actually starts at 10:25
Day 58 of asking for a Fear and Hunger video  Past comments got deleted by youtube i think :(
the saddest thing about cryptids is that nobody believes in them 😔
The video actually starts at 10:25
Oh damn, didn't know you're a married man now. I don't know when you did get married but I want to give you a late congratulations! Keep making good content, mate!
The video actually starts at 10:25
I enjoy 🤠
dude it took you 10 min to begin the video. Great video btw.
If the Wendigoon isn't on this list, I'll be very disappointed. The most publicly recorded cryptid that knows all forbidden knowledge yet remains wholesome.
Thank you for the new video iceberg boy
Video actually starts at 10:25 btw
You should do a video on everett ruess. Like Chris mccandless in the 1930s, but more mysterious
I actually went to the the Portland Cryptid Zoology museum when they first touchdowned in Portland, the amount of stuff they have there is very interesting and cool. What was even better there is seeing all the cryptids that I didn't even know about, so having them do this iceberg will be the best way to show all the info to those who love cryptids in general
When Faust video? HAHAHAHAHA
3:36 the S in S-tier either means Super, Special or 秀 (Shū, "Exemplary") depending on whom you ask
Love it! I've been waiting for this and your giants deep dive ever since you first mentioned it. Thanks!
Wendigoon- let’s get into it. 10 minutes later….. thank you to our sponsor and let’s get into it….. with out further ado…..
The pouch tiger may actually still be alive, though that's a maybe. Apparently on New Guinea there are quite recent reported sightings of them and due to the low human population and dense forests there's a chance that they've survived there, we just haven't found them yet. There's also a project trying to bring back the Australian (I think) pouch tiger since they have the entire genome sequenced. I don't know how they're doing that but apparently they are. The pouch tiger is a carnivore, hence why "tiger" is in it's name. I don't remember what they're actually called so I just call them pouch tigers.  Also that one pic of champie is legit a whale dong.
It’s been a pretty RAD ride watching Wendigoon go from thanking viewers individually for watching to where he is now. 🎉🎉 so dope! Bring the weird stuff! Let’s do it!
Did you see the newest Bigfoot sighting? Even if it is fake, I love it. ❤️
gotta love the first 10 minutes of intro lmao
Skip the Ad! 👉 09:51
Goatman vid was hilarious and educational loved the vid and I hope to see more of the red thread
This is exactly what I needed today, thank you
I remember I first found Wendigoon with his disturbing movie iceberg. It's so awesome to see how far he's come and how much he's grown since then. We love you Wendigoon ❤
Half of these cryptids just sound like old furries. Bigfoot, mermaids and the Dogman especially
'Lake' Loch ness 😭
Cryptids are a myth just like aliens, gods and honest politicians.  All BS to distract people from the real monsters... your heroes.
Video starts at 10:30...
Dog man Tulpa?
i love wendigoon
How will this effect goat man’s legacy?
The Icerberg Boy is back. And in what fashion. Hurrah!  Also "Lake Loch Ness" sounds really odd, since loch is just the local word for lake.
I'm from burlington vermont! Go champ!! great video dude, thank you!
Small correction. Its not "Lake Loch Ness", its just "Loch Ness". Loch means lake. The English took the word Loch from the Scottish and over time it changed to Lake. Saying "Lake Loch" is like saying "The Los" for any Spanish name.  Edit: If you're curious, before borrowing the word Loch and changing it to Lake, the English used the term Pond. Nowhere days Ponds are small bodies of fresh water and Lakes are large bodies of fresh water, but before that all bodies of fresh water (expect flowing forms like rivers or streams) were ponds in English.
everyone calling him iceberg  boy 😭☠️
The return of Iceberg Boy!
iceberg boy made an iceberg video prophecy come true, the early christmas gift
Don't get me wrong, this is in jest, and I love your content, and I appreciate you are collecting the bag: But Goodness gracious the ad roll/updates is so long in the beginning it itself could get monetized for ads alone haha! Thank you for constantly entertaining and engaging
“Just a whale freeing its Willy” is what I think when I see champy or the Loch Ness monster
I'd personally bump Champie up one for one fact: There are stories of it using its flipper to climb onto land like a seal Nessie stays in the water, Champie sometimes goes for walks around the lake And the then theres the Yowie...
I'm so happy he finally made a video I can watch in one session XD
NEXT EPISODE! NOW!! ICEBERG BOY!!!
I can't wait for the bottom!
I remember seeing one of those jackalope head mounts as a kid and not knowing any better I thought it was real. The one I saw though had small, much more proportionately sized antlers though. Since I saw it as a kid, for years I always just assumed they were real creatures. Like, there’s deer with freakin fangs like a damn vampire, so why couldn’t there be a rabbit with horns. It wasn’t til like a decade later that I finally learned that jackalopes are not real. 😂😂
THANK YOU DAD I AM VERY HAPPY
Took a whole 10 min to start the video. Trash
Wendi: hits plushie off the shelf Me: 😧🫣😢 Wendi: says sorry and gives it a kiss on the head  Me: 😮‍💨😊🥰
Iceberg boy is back
The jackrabbitantelope is so a copy of the German wolpertinger! 😄
35 minute video but 10 minutes of plugs and sponsors is not a wendigoon video
this is awesome
SAYING SORRY TO THE PLUSHIE IS SO RELATABLE HHAHAA love u Wendi
I'm so damn glad that Thylacine made the list, though I have to say it's a soft C, like thigh-la-scene
One of my buddies is a Doctor and he knows nothing about cryptids which is important because of what he told me. He said while driving he saw smoke appear on the road out of no where with red eyes in the middle and his instinct told him to drive through which he did and he went right thought it. When I told him about Mothman, the hair on the back of his neck stood up. I can tell it really spooked him.
When you tell about the "Skunk Ape" i remember a native brazilian folk about the "Mapinguari" which is about a giant fur like monster with one eye a giant mouth in the belly who also produces awful smells
that supercut is gonna HIT, definitely gonna be the biggest video on the channel when it releases
Awesome video as always. Thank you!
I would like to recommend Angel Hare, it seems like it would be up your alley!
Good job ice burg boy
Yo, who else first got interested in cryptids because of the old poptropica cryptic map?
What was the bgm ?
YALL IF YOU WANT MORE DETAILS TREY THE EXPLAINER HAS VIDEOS THAT GO MORE IN DEPTH!!!!
In a way, I find it kinda sad that the new soils and water analysis technology has and will debunk so many of these cryptids. Rip Nessie and Big foot.
Gonna mention thylocene as a cryptid but not mention that people still report seeing them?
Keep on doing what you love 💗
I cheered everytime he introduced one of them like I know these fuckers personally. 😂❤
I too, was terrified of the Jersey Devil as a child.  I saw a TV documentary on it and freaked me out for months.  Obviously, an 8 year old boy in NC is a prime target for a monster from Jersey.
Heeeeyyyyy iceberg boooyyy
Video on giants when
Iceberg boy is back
I think the horned rabbit thing might also come from a papilloma virus found in rabbits, that gives them tumorous horns.  They don’t look like antlers though.
I wish red thread had its own channel. Don’t want to get all the other videos that aren’t Wendy
There are lots of ancient accounts of dog headed men, St Christopher was sometimes depicted as dog headed, its called "cynocephalus"
I Firmly Believe a Chupacabra is a Xolo with Mange. Look up a Xolo Dog and tell me if some of those pictures and drawings don't look like one.
this is cinema
Hot Take: Mountain Monsters is better than finding Bigfoot
Happy to see this come up and looking forward to watching it go deeper, but I have to disagree about placement of the Thylacine. Yes, it was a real animal, but sightings of the animal still persist to this day, long after it should have been extinct in the wild. Nessie, Champie and others are often theorized to be some kind of extant species of aquatic dinosaur that somehow survived, but the Thylacine's extinction date is recent enough where it could be a more plausible example of an extinct species somehow surviving, and that always seemed cool to me.
Iceberg Boy returns!
Why do I feel like the Dogman is just an old furry
I can’t wait for him to get to the bottom tier and talk about my neighbor Jeremy.
I’ve seen a few of these in my day and the Hodag better be in this one
It's finally here and definitely worth the wait
How is the Kraken in the same tier as the knockoff Bigfoots??? Kraken is easy A if not S
i live about 30 mins from point pleasant if you can you should definitely come see the statue and the tnt area its so fun
you should give an honorable mention to the "Chupa cu de goianinha" from Brasil
Now we need a folklore tier list and how epic Paul Bunyan is.
Love the video but 10 minutes to actually get started on a 35 minute video. Ouch
Greetings wendigooners let’s thank iceberg boy for this wendiawesome iceberg
Iceberg Boy is back let's goooooo
Bro I heard cryptozoo and had flashbacks
So excited for this series I love cryptids and your iceberg series are so fun.
YES YES YES YES OMG
starts at 10:25   this guy is king at having to he longest intros
There are medieval and renaissance stories and reports of a race of dogmen that love somewhere in the far east. There are lots of drawings and details of their dogmen culture and customs. People aren’t really sure what to make of it.
bro is not escaping the iceberg boy allegations
NGL, I'm only 4 Cryptids in but this is looking like a very America-focused tier list. You have Mothman at S and Bigfoot at A, two of the most overhyped Cryptids in existence. Then the Kraken at B, when it's one of the oldest and may actually be real (to some extent) and Nessie at C!? When she's literally to me just another Mothman and Bigfoot, overhyped. Though not anywhere near the extent of the other two.
ICEBERG BOY. CALM DOWN.
I’m excited for the new iceberg but bro it’s been a hot minute since I heard of Josh Gates. I loved Destination Truth when I was younger, I need to see if I can rewatch that show
The boys are back in town!🎉🎉
Idk why but seeing Josh Gates face here pissed me off
My favorite cryptids are "An Honest Man" and "A Loyal Woman".
you're the coolest dude i've ever seen. You'd be the best uncle in the world
So nobody was gonna tell me about the red thread 😢
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
12:24 Jar Jar Binks
let’s goooooooooo!!!!!!!  edit: my West Virginia pride swells every time Mothman is mentioned.
Anyone else itching for a demons iceberg after watching the Faith video?
Forrest Galante found the thylacine alive & well like a couple months ago :)
You gotta help Roanoke get to 1million subs on his second channel. He says he’ll go hunting the Michigan Dogman when the 7th year rolls around if he makes it to 1mil in time.
So what I’m hearing is that Bigfoot is just Smokey Bear with anger management problems
I really want to meet a Sasquatch. My plan is to offer gifts of a 4XL flannel shirt, Jack Links jerky, and fruit on a stump and hope there's a chance to make friendly contact. I think they must be highly intelligent on some level to be the hide-and-seek champions they are. Hopefully I don't die, but I'll take a camera just in case things go horribly wrong.
Waiting for Brandon Herrera to comment lol
Anyone reading this interested in sasquatch please listen to the sierra sounds recorded by Ron Morehead and watch the mk davis stabilized version of the patterson gimlin film. It could chnage your life.
Thank you Free Mason for telling us the secrets of the world in the form of an Iceburg
Did this guy really spent 10 minutes talking about bullshit
Grew up in Point Pleasant, and moved away for college, but any time someone asks where I’m from I love that the reaction I get is always “Oh that’s where the Mothman is from! Have you seen him?”
I love wendigoons channel it's my favorite I love conspiracy theories and story's and his voice just portrays the stories better I watch all of his videos on repeat almost every other day sometimes just in the background sometimes I watch closely
Iceberg boi
PORTLAND MAINE LETS GOOO MY HOME
I wonder it the terrifying Brazilian cryptid, the "chupa cu" will appear
iceberg boy finally did iceberg video
Mothman S tier? Lame. He has a cool statue based on him being in a Batman pose, I'd consider the statue S tier for statues. Mothman himself is a B at best though
So stoked for this, great watch, cant wait for the rest!!!!
Yessss!!!! Been waiting for this one!!!
Good soup
When I was a kid my parents would take me up to the Lake Champlain area for vacations during summer break. I have a distinct memory from the early 2000’s where my parents and I  were walking along the shoreline with a few locals and their dog. There was a massive Lake Trout that had washed up on shore, maybe like 2.5 feet long, and there was a MASSIVE bite taken out of the center of the fish. Whatever thing bit that fish had almost split that thing in two…I still wonder what beast in that lake has a mouth large enough to bite a fully grown Lake Trout in half.
DUDE!!!! Intro is TOO LOOOOONG!!! Video STARTS at 10:28
Excited for what’s to come!
skunk ape sounds like a slur and i will use it as one
O k ten minutes to get to your content is ridiculous
Pretty please wendi we the people NEED to see you in the Kenough sweater
i saw the jersey devil at my local grocery store
Waiting for giants to inevitably pop up on this iceberg. 🍿
Chupacabra is at least a b tier for me 😢
YEAHHHH NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO, HELL YEAAAAAAH 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Growing up in West Virginia, everybody knew and loved the story of Mothman. I used to go outside hoping to see him as a kid
ropen ropen ropen ropen
you should rank the cryptids by sex appeal iceberg boy
im throwing hands, whats more to bigfoot than oooog scary monster in forest. Im defending my girl nessie.
Video starts at 10:30
This is like getting a gf  Your videos make me lose my shit 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Rest of the World: *Strange, unknowable creatures of lore and beyond human comprehension.*  Florida: **S T I N K Y  M O N K E**
On the 1st day of christmas wendigoon gave to me, every cryptid on an iceberg.
LET’S GO! Can’t wait to see what Dad has to say about Mothman!
Great idea for a series!
Yooooo, I love this video!! My Great grandfather told me his story of how he had his livestock killed by the chupacabra! He went out an early morning to feed the goats when he found them dead and devoid of blood! This was the only occurrence
“lake Loch Ness” bet you say naan bread and chai tea too.
Finally, the best wideo in the entire internet just dropped.
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Wendigoon, Papa Meat, Charles cryptid hunt when?
10 minute intro is crazy bro
The mothman definitely deserves S tier, I remember watching the mothman prophecies when I was really young and I had nightmares for months. I still haven't rewatched it because I'm too scared
Fuck yeah, moth man 🎉
10 min intro
Dan Akroyd lol
Is going to have the Chupacu?
03:20 **as someone who is a giant with a youtube channel named after a cryptid
Portland Maine resident here! Glad the Museum is getting more love! Those guys are awesome and Maine has a larger supernatural/ cryptid population than most think of.
Gimmeee that hoodie
I can't help but think because he told me that an A tier book; there's going to be a book in the A tier.
YEAHHHHHHHHHH🎉🎉🎉🎉
Video starts nearly 10 mins in for anyone wanting to skip
For whatever reason I've never been able to bring myself to care about cryptids or be even slightly interested in them, but fuck it I'll watch every single one of these iceberg videos if it's wendi
Michigander here. Allegedly, according to tales from where i was raised at least, there had always been dogman sightings. They went more or less unreported since locals didn't think anyone would believe their stories.   The disc jockey created his song as a joke to try and scare listeners, but was surprised when people started to call in to tell stories of their sightings. It was less that it didn't exist up until that point, but that he accidently gave people an outlet to discuss things they otherwise would have never talked about.
I love Josh Gates and all his shows(Destination Unknown, Destination Truth, and Expedition X). Not just his work on cryptid/mythical stuff, I just think his stuff is awesome
10:32 “skip to the end” to avoid all the intro and jump into tier 1
iceberg boy is back
YAYYYY
I better see "La Patasola" here at some point
Video actually starts 10:29
I guess Thylacines are in the list because of recent supposed sightings
Love it ❤
My mom once lied to me that she  ran over the Goatman and ate his remains. I was more freaked out by her than the cryptid after that.
here's what i think of this series:  cool 😃👍
This is great 👍 subbed. May I suggest checking out my Norways own of few cryptids? Seljord municipalitys Seljordsorm/ Seljordswyrm, Selma 😁 She ( or he )might still lurk in the great lake, maybe cousin of Nessie? Who knows!
As a Puerto Rican and knows about Chupacabra. I’m happy that you mentioned my country and the first sights. It always annoys me that Latin America and Mexico always take more of the credit than Puerto Rico. 26:24
Oh wow... I’ve been following your show for over a year 😂 I would watch your stuff with my daughter on my lap and she will literally ask “is this uncle Broc?” No it’s a YouTube show. “But I know his voice” yes.. yes you do lol
Mal posso esperar pra ouvir ele falar do chupa cu de Goianinha
thank you sir, the hype i feel is very great!!
Iceberg boy
I mean this with zero hateful intentions but that intro GOD DAMN
A 10 min commercial
Not sure if I feel pissed at or sorry for moth man. Cause if it existed to warn of danger……it’s doing a really crap job of it.
Honestly even though I’m fairly versed in cryptids and probably won’t learn anything in even the next tier, I just like hearing Wendi because Isaiah is just such a pleasant guy and the type of friend I just want to sit around a campfire with. I have a newborn and I always listen to his videos while I’m taking the early morning shift. Please keep  making these:) if nothing else, it’s a good compilation/jumping off point to get people into cryptids as a niche
2o sponsor bideo! poopoo water!
Yay another season good job and ill be watching all of em even tho it will prob take me way to long
Iceberg boy living up to his name with this one!
"Dont underestimate an old man in a profession where men die young "  "Dont underestimate a 'docile' skunk ape in the Florida Everglades."
Maybe I’m too English for this lmao I was expecting black shuck to be on tier one, not fart yeti and mr ‘I don’t have a full fursuit yet’
Ty wendigoon. Loved it and love this series
man sell POOPOO water! POOPOO water!
Actual video starts: 10:20
bro is beautiful
Now this is the Iceberg Boy content I know and love
Would a unicorn qualify as a cryptid
wagwan me brudda an
Love this iceberg! Stoked to see what’s to come lol
ICE 👏 BERG 👏 BOI 👏 LET'S 👏 GO 👏
Need more iceberg boy
wednihekno
Can you shut up and get into the video? 7+min of talking and advertising is awful
We are so back
'BOUT TIME
ياسلام سسلللم
Hey wendigoon, for the thylacine its not just about it not existing. I believe the criptid part of it comes to the fact that some people have reported seeing a large dog like creature in the wild and believing it to be the thylacine
Nearly 500k views in 12 hours? They're catching on Wendigoon! Remember us little folk when you get all mega famous lol
Yeti is S-Tier in my heart and Thylacine should have been ranked since there are legends of it still being alive
Iceberg boy back at it again with the latest iceberg
The video starts at 10:25
Thank you, Iceberg Boy.
Im not done watching the video yet so you might have brought this up, but until 1902 gorillas were considered cryptids and any explorer that happened upon them thought they were mythical monsters.
I have heard some alternative origins for Kraken, so I am not sure just how accurate the "big squid" thing is. I think I read somewhere that originally the Kraken was more of a crab like creature, and the squid-like appearance is a more modern depiction.
Bigfoot is S for me. Also thylacine has been spotted somewhat recently and pics are out there. I love hearing about “extinct” animals fighting the good fight. Good for them.
Video starts at 9:52
sitting down in the dark forests of Appalacha next to my wendigoon plushie and legend of the wendigo poster with a nice bowl of magic spoon and cup of AG1 to watch the new iceburg video is an experience we dream of
YO MOTHMAN CAKED UP ON A TUESDAY!
yea see at finish line an tin in siddy month wagwan
Bro yapped for way too long at the beginning oh my GOD
Skip the goon: 10:31
this is actually the only supernatural experience ive ever experienced i have rights to hunt in the glades because of my dads side i was grandfathered in to our moonshiner huntin camp and on my moms im creek seminole, we were camping at my grandparents old camp with no ac so we just kept the windows open and i was 14 and i could never sleep at that camp because i share my bed with mice late into the evening around 1:00 am i was watching the moon through the window when i was hit with a horrible smell, my parents and my grandparents have found big footprints around the camp before so i was familiar with skunk ape already, i sat up to look out the window kinda hopein it was an actual skunk when i saw the tall bitch slowly taking long steps between my window and the old distill shed going towards our fire and picnic table he was sniffing the air and much taller then a man but not quite 7ft id say 6’10 i was 5’10 at the time i stayed as quiet as possible at first because i knew this was a once in a lifetime experience but when he reached the picnic table and looked it over he turned and headed back towards the tree line i’ve always heard he had red eyes but he wouldn’t look my way so i could confirm thats when i nocked one time loudly on the corner of the window and he turned with his whole torso and shoulder to look at i know in my heart he saw me but he didnt have glowing red eyes but they reflected light like gators if you spot light them or a panther they just reflected the light from the moon in a hazy greenish yellowish hue, put my and up not to wave but like how you would greet another native in hand talk and it didn’t respond it just froze and stared then without breaking contact he slowly took 4 more steps almost in a fox walk to the tree line once the shadow of the trees covered him he finally broke contact and waded into the waters of the swamp and disappeared he was so silent it was incredible but the smell was horrible it somewhere in between wet dog skunk and marijuana, theres woods here in florida where they filmed an old tarzan movie and they released all the monkeys into the woods and ive seen them and we have pictures of my papa who shot a baboon who attacked one of our huntin dogs during dog season but that wasn’t an ape it was some creature out of time. id like you to do a video on the dragon that was hunted by seminole in the early 1900 here in the glades i dont see many people talk about it in florida but it was in the news papers way back wen ive moved through the territory were that thing use to move about its left big animals trails with its body and you can still see some of the old tree standing the seminoles use to use to get away from the think my grandma told me it had the body of long skink but the head of a catfish and she said chinese dragons are the closest thing to it flordia is a very special place and its sad most people who live here now will never realize what holy ground they stand on.
goatman wendgiog
wendigoon the type of guy to make Christmas come early
Thylacine is considered a "cryptid" because of multiple sightings and such that lead people to belive it is still alive somewhere in Australia.
30% of the video wasn’t even the iceberg
Iceberg boys back
Why make a podcast with moist. He's the driest most boring yotuber there is.
As you said this is a brief look at a lot of cryptids. host a vote on each teir of the Ice berg and do dedicated video on the most voted?
OMG YEEEEES❤
Ok now make an iceberg iceberg
Zo-Ology. Not Zoo-Ology.
10:28 to skip all the yapping
So hyped for this 🥳🥳
wendigoon is a hard worker ❤️  take your time with the videos! we’ll love them no matter when they come out : )
YESSSSSS
I’ve always loved the Jackalope because of this one experience I had. So as a kid I went to Bolivia I never knew what a Jackalope was i never even saw one. But I saw one in the corner of my eye and it looked so real. Tho I know I probably didn’t actually see one cause it was probably my 10 year old imagination going wild but I never knew what I saw until I got into cryptics and I still love them
Before you even get the explaining I'm hoping Ik every cryptic, always down to learn, but measuring up to ur icebergs would be amazing
On the first day of crypmas, goony gave to me...
ICEBERG BOY!!!!!
good video, cant wait for the next one
Michigan Dogman and the Parlangua should get some bonus points for having awesome folk songs.
Finally a video worth watching
I can't wait for the 12 hour compilation of all the cryptid iceberg tiers
Editor, the “3mil subs and can’t figure how lights work” short zoom was so good. Keep doing what you’re doing, I see you 💕
warm cup of cocoa, neverending snow outside and wendigoon to start the day. Gonna be a good one!
The iceberg I have been waiting for 🥹 perfect early Christmas present
first
This means we all have to collectively call the Seattle Kraken v. Jersey Devils the WENDIGOON BOWL
The thylacine (pronounced thigh-la-seen) is still considered a cryptid as it still has sightings in Tasmania and rural mainland Australia. Which isn't that crazy considering the smaller size of this animal. I actually saw the taxidermied "last Tasmanian tiger" at Sydney museum this past weekend   Looking forward to hearing about more cryptids from my country.
10:25 Iceberg/Tier List begins
YEAHHHHHHH
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSA
Holy fuck why does the video only start at 10:32  that’s insane
It’s a very Merry Crypitmas
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wendigoon, you could make a video about the most boring shit ever. Something I have zero interest in. But you bet your ass, I’m going to sit my butt down and LISTEN. 😭
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
Welcome back, iceberg boy
You need to do more research on the dogmen of Michigan because it did not start with the song.
"'Mothman and Bigfoot are A tier, and so is this book.' That would be weird."  Bro has never read a Jurgen Leitner
literally screamed so loud LETS GOOOOO WENDIGOON UPLOAD
Iceberg starts at 10:31
Loved the video !  I’m surprised that you didn’t mention that the Thylacine has been recorded in the wild in the last few years.  I believe in Tasmania.
LETS GO
Tier 1 starts at 10:30 btw
You had to have to listened to this before uploading right? Sounds absolutely awful
Thank god. i love having wendigoon videos once ever week or two rather than an 8 hour video that takes me a week to finish once every 2 months.
!
To-to-today Junior!
Video actually starts at 9:50 👍
God bless you and your work Wendygoon 😊😊😊
The iceberg boy is  back doing icebergs things. 🎉🎉🎉
Iceberg starts at 9:57
Only 2 minutes in but as someone who lives in Maine, went to school in Portland AND visited the museum, I am so happy we got name dropped thus proving Maine does indeed exist also the museum is so much fun!! The people there were very nice and the entire top floor is dedicated to Bigfoot (it was the last time I went at least lol), if anyone goes to Maine definitely recommend it. Its not a huge museum but for what it’s worth it’s still fun to walk around in :)
Content starts at 10:30 timestamp
Last Podcast gang rise up! So excited to see "The Goblin Universe" in the final tier already having a full understanding of what it is. Truly vilified as a recreational cryptozoologist.
Still waiting patiently for the Zombies timeline video
Echo bad
9:52 video starts
How Jackalope gon make it but Drop Bear didnt 😂  FR tho, they both have very similar stories.
Hi there. So I just wanted to say thank you for your videos and for something a bit more personal. My daughter is very religious whereas I'm kinda agonic. So as she has gotten older I've found it hard to talk to her about religion, spirituality etc, she's 18 now. But I discovered you and I love you videos dealing with the bible, angels and Dante. I introduced her to them and now you are all we pretty much talk about. You're a good man. And I hope you and your wife love a long happy and fulfilling life
I love your videos but the intro are getting larger and larger :/
10 minutes before we get into the actual list
video starts at 10:30
Champie has always freaked me out a little. I regularly swim in lake Champlain and I’m always thinking about him popping up.
As a Vermont native, I respect the D tier for Champ. I love horror and the mystery of cyptids, but Champ is just a little guy, he means no harm 💕
FINALLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I’m from PR. There’s a lot of stories of alien sightings there. Chupacabra is originally depicted as reptilian. Take that however you will.
Hopefully the dominican "Bacá" appears here !
Thanks for the S-Tier rank for My home state’s Native Cryptid! Need to visit Point Pleasant again soon. It’s been a bit.  There’s a lot of interviews based books that were always in the school libraries.  The original chase/sighting was a little nutty, because the creature didn’t start flying. It was running dead-even with the car’s front window until it had to start flying to keep up.
Ohio Frogman Ohio Frogman Ohio Frogman Ohio Frogman Ohio Frogman
Wow thank you isaiah!!
10m of self promotion? really?
Love the 10 minute intro wendigoon ❤ im sure youll be able to make it 50% of the video next time 😀
Awesome
Peak kino
YETI IN A he gets to be but the kraken in b what a sick joke 😩
Finally someone else realises that Dan Akroyd isn't a real person and is, in fact, a cryptid. Crystal Skull vodka was a nice gimmick, though.
❤ this.  Brought back some good memories of my late father.  Made me smile.  Thank you! Keep going, I'm excited to see what else is on the iceberg
"Lake Loch Ness" crying
OMG YESSSS
I hope batsquatch from Washington State gets mentioned here or somewhere along the series. He barely gets any recognition and i think he looks way more badass than Sasquatch.  He looks like Sasquatch mixed with a vampire lord from Skyrim.  Get on this Todd! Lol
Oh I enjoy my iceberg boy icebergs!  Hmm... I always saw Bigfoot as a non snowy Yeti.
welcome back iceberg boy
If Champie is a Wabanaki legend, wouldn't it be older than Nessie?
I love you
Thank you iceberg man
Fuck i love this dude and his content, Quality over quantity
I'm excited to see some South African representation, the Tokoloshi is so fascinating
11 minutes before ww get to the content?
Iceberg boy is back!
thylacine is pronounced thylo-seen
I don't think its on this iceberg, but us Scots have a jackalope-type cryptid. Good luck hunting down a wild haggis
OG Wendigoon content is always peak
What if most cryptids are tulpas
The cryptozoology museum in portland is fun! Check it out :)
would be cool if you included possible explanations to the sightings. For example, the U.F.O. s in the mount Uritorco  are sometimes atributed to piezoelectric minerals in the mountain, that emit light under pressure, when there is sismic activity for example
You forgot Jerma985
Bro you're pretty disconnected with how poor people are, you spent 15 mins trying to get me to buy something. I eat eggs every night because I can't afford meat with a fulltime job. Come on man get with what's going on rn. I love your vids but that just makes me a lil sick that you only care about pushing your products n making money.
iceberg part starts at 10:25
Video starts at 10:30 😂😂😂
In the alps there are creatures similar to the Jackalope. We call it 'Rasselbock'(lit.: rattlebuck) and there are some superstitions about how to catch it to trick inexperienced hunters. Like the Jackalope its just a hare with deer antlers. And it's similar, but not the same, as the wolpertinger.
I have been waiting for this since your conspiracy iceberg ended, God bless you Uncle Wendigoon
Wendi, guy, bro, dude. Thylacine is pronounced "Thigh-la-Sighn"
Are biblically accurate angels cryptids?
I still await the full 8 hour documentary over the whole of WW2, don't think I've forgotten that
Tier list is way off for me. Not moth man tho 😂
You could make a nine hour iceberg video on color pigment and i would watch it
Dogman could just be a tulpa created by listeners of the song
As a native New Jerseyan, we acknowledge the Jersey devil is a Demon and Evil, but yes we still go looking for it and named our beloved hockey team after it, what’s it to ya?
Wadiyatalkeenabeet?
Wait so the jackalope isn’t real? I seriously thought it was real my entire life.
I heard Creepscast and immediately got excited for a Wendigoon/Mr. Creeps (from Creepscast) collab, only to find out that's just the name
iceberg boy
The Jersey Devil also has a hockey team named after it, that should bump it up to S tier imo
YESSSS
Ooo an early bday gift! (Joke) Will watch once I get home!
Ok iceberg boy
Leave it to the goon to start the video 10 minutes in
Hell yeah another banger from the Iceberg Boy himself
Totally didn’t do the thylacine justice. There’s recordings from the last few decades that researchers believe to be the tiger as well as sightings in our modern day. It’s D-Tier at best dude.
So a luberkin is basically a jersey devil?
5 parts… You’re so funny. I still turn the conspiracy iceberg on when I can’t sleep
Nessie sucks. Even if it's real, the only interesting thing is that it would be (or at least look like) a surviving dino or sorts. But blue whales exist and are much more impressive and monstrous than some smooth headed pipe-like lizard
More cryptid content let's gooooo
I literally was looking for a cryptid iceberg video yesterday, and then my god and saviour Wendigoon decided to come through
You never miss. All your videos are engaging and well written. Thank you Mr.Goon for another 10/10
HELL. YES.
Awesome vid, I'm so stoked for the rest!
It’s been a long time coming… a looooong time bby
As someone who as a kid wanted to be a cryptozoologist, this makes me heart so happy
If the Chupacu de Goianinha is not in this tier list I'll be very sad
LESSSSS GOOOOOOOOO!
first 10 minutes is filler episode - you can skip
If you want to get right into the iceberg skip to 10:25
Jesus fuck it took 10 minutes for the intro to be over
thylacine may still be with us -theres some research photos and accounts recently iirc-not sure if it was from forrest galante tho
FINALLY!!! Iceberg boy is back at his best.
This was good keep going man
Poor jersey devil 😢
Video starts at 10:30
Thyalcine is pronounced as "Thylaseen" not "thylakeen" and the reason its on the iceberg was because since its official extinction there have been reports of sightings of it in the Australian bush, meaning its a cryptid because some people think its still out there
Yesssssssssss
Oh no, he pronounced thylacine wrong
Iceberg boy has come to give us our winter feast
HOLY FUCKING SHIT the intro is 10 MINUTES of you just YAPPING...
BABE WAKE THE FUCK UP NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG SERIES STARTED
If Tupac is alive and hiding in Cuba, does that make him a cryptid?
I wonder how a jackalope would taste...
I don’t know if anyone else watched it, but my first introduction to cryptids was the tv show Lost Tapes. As a kid, it genuinely spooked me and made me think it was real because of the lost footage style. Brought back those nostalgic memories while watching
Love this
Iceberg Boy's not gonna stop till he finds the Boy in the Iceberg.
Howdy, brother. Amazing video, as always! I must point out, though, The Michigan Dogman has been sighted as far back as 1897, give or take. It only seems like people started reporting sightings and encounters after the dj Steve Cook wrote the song because they didn't feel crazy anymore and felt comfortable enough in the belief that they were not alone. I know many people who have had encounters and sightings of Dogman and Bigfoot. We've been so desensitized to stuff like that though through TV, film, and video games. There is absolutely no way in hell a person can change into an animal or even go through just a slight shift in bone structure a few times a year without death immediately after, but follow me on this...  a wolf, coywolf/ coydog, coyote, or even a pack of stray dogs, over time evolve or in a faster method living so close to mankind, could learn to adapt and catch different prey. They already hu t flightless birds, why not evolve enough to be able to run fast enough to stand on its hind legs to jump higher and have a better chance of catching said prey? Partridge, ducks, geese, corvids the sky is the limit.. no pun intended. Or even just be able to stand on the hind legs to see over tall grass, find deer better in farm fields? I mean, I'm prolly just lit up like a dashboard, but seems like legit reasoning lmfao
I LOVE THIS VIDEO (This cancels any comment that said it hated the video)
That skunk ape picture isn’t of a display, there’s a second photo of it reacting to the flash of the camera
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
17:49 much better way to call the ocean scary than just saying only 5% of the ocean has been explored
"If you just go hiking in the Florida everglades, you will die" FishingGarrett has entered the chat
ICEBERG BOY!!!!!
Tahoe Tessie > Loch Ness Nessie  Change my mind
Jack links Bigfoot is in fact the real Bigfoot. There is no disputing this fact
A full ten and a half minutes of a thirty minute video before it actually gets to the point…bravo.
FRICK YEAAAAAAAHHHHHH
And we all know chupacabras are alien dogs forgotten or abandoned by their Grey masters (bastards!). BTW, if a cabra is chupped by a chupacabra, does the cabra become a vampcabra?!? Or a chupavamp?!? Or a chupachupa?!?
Cryptmas
10 entire minutes of bullshit and advertisement. And why are you wearing so much make up?
this us the best thing that has happened this year. I am so bormal about this. (I am autistic and cryptids are my special interest so im litirally vibrating in excitment)
Nice video iceberg boy
Loch means lake so you said lake lake ness
The screwed up part about the release of this video is that I just started rewatching the secret saturdays which is a action cartoon that really goes into cryptozoology (I haven’t seen it for more than 10 years ago at this point).
Yet another beginning to a goated iceberg
Iceberg boy going back to his roots
Yeahhh Iceberg Boy doing his thing.
Kids, wake up! Snow has fallen, and a new Wendigoon iceberg was left last night! We will all have a bountiful winter.
My first Wendigoon video was the 9 hour conspiracy theory iceberg. I subscribed after watching the JFK video. I'm so glad Iceberg Boy has finally brought us this gem.
YES!!
Jesus, lots of yapping in this one. Video starts & 10:30
I'm looking forward to using the more obscure cryptids in a dnd game.
Hope you do ones from Africa? Its crazy how the Elephant Dragon isnt more popular in games/media cause that Cryptid looks like a Darksouls enemy
Yay! Iceberg boy is back
Is santa clause a cryptid?
The Return of Iceberg Boy
We need the cheese ice berg plzz wendi
So, Ice Ice Baby as new opening song.  Anyone else?  EMBRACE THE BERG!!!
Please Wendy- buy a new mic
YES YES YES YES YES. YEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
I wish this was around when I was 10-12
Hope you cover something in the iceberg like the stories and folktales that come from mexico like "Witches (Not TikTok ones, the real deal)" and "La Llorona" and "The Hairy Hand"
I live in a little farming community in southern Colombia and a farm just down the road to me lost all of their goats a few days ago. Something killed them all, drained their blood but didn't eat the animals. I wasn't really a believer in Chupacabra until then XD
The Jackalope is too cute. S level in my heart.
Listen, Wendigoon, I've been a fan for years, but the 10 minutes or so of just talking and a promo in the beginning kills this thing,. PLEASE make your video intros shorter and straight to the point. PLEASE
Hell yeah Iceberg boi
ur content is peak and thank u for making it <3
Iceberg boi is at it again.
LOVE IT!!!
HE'S FULLY MOVED OUT OF THE CORNER. CONTAINMENT HAS BEEN BREECHED
love you iceberg boy
First 10.30mins is useless. For anyone who just wants to see the info. Not the pandering and shillling.
Video really doesn’t start until 10:20
Just got all my wisdom teeth out, and the meds got me on a weird sleep schedule. This was a great way to spend the early morning.
Bro it’s 6:50am in the morning for Chicago 😂 gg all the people who ran into this while staying up late
Yesssssss Happy Christmas to us!!
I think the thylacine is on here because some people claim to have seen it after extinction
I will be wating with my ugly Christmas sweater for the next one
As a michigander thank you for referencing our weird, dumb dogman. He's not much but he's all we got.  (You should also look into the Nain Rouge
Does he have a face filter on?
A 10 minute intro is crazy
the dog man is just a furry
Dogmen have been around since Ancient Norse and Egyptians, so it's not that new, heck the Dogman in Wexford in the USA is new but who's to say it hasn't been roaming around for longer?
Looking at the thumbnail I immediately thought hey Ron Perlman isn’t a cryptid.
I’m just saying that we are living in a wendigoon golden age without even knowing it.  This series will be a classic
Wendigoon combining an iceberg AND tier list?  Mind = blown 🤯🤯  On a serious note, Wendigoon definitely has the voice, personality, and well-spoken articulation that he could make a series of videos reading entries in the dictionary and I'd be hooked all the same.
22:38 "Skunkape has too much Florida energy."
22:38 "Skunkape has too much Florida energy."
22:38 "Skunkape has too much Florida energy."
Another amazing video by Wendigoon
Oh how I have waited for this video
video
dang first 10 min of a 35 min vid isnt the iceberg ;-;
EVERYONE knows the abominable snow men are the Mi-Go!
Wouldn’t be a Wendigoon video if it didn’t take 10 minutes to get to the point
Iceberg boy never fails to make us all come to his videos 🙏
Kraken has been theorized to wales mating and their penultimate pencil going out of the water, and some say the ship sinking stories where the wales getting rough and accidentally sinking the ship
Video starts at 10:30
The dogman just looks an Asian sunbear
dude 10 minutes before you even got into the video cmon
Gooning session will resume
PLEASE TELL ME CHUPACU IS IN THERE
Dope video goon man
Video starts at 10:30
Oh hell yeah 👏.
Can't wait for Wendigoon to talk about the legendary Brazilian Chupacu (the Suckass - Ass Sucker - Tchupatchu)
Oh yeah, I can goon with this.
Yo, I got the jacket but not the shirt yet. I love it already.
I love cryptids, but if I were ever to find one, I would most likely keep it a secret. The fun of cryptids is not knowing whether they exist or not, and if we get confirmation that they do, they just become weird animals. The chupacabra is probably just a coyote with mange, and the jackalope is probably a rabbit with parasite "horns", and that's not fun.
I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series. Great content as usual.
Oh boy. Here we go again :D  Can't wait for dwarves and giants.
Yoooo, the Ogopogo is in the second tier! Can't wait to see it finally getting a spotlight in these kind of videos. If you need any info I wrote a paper on it in my final year of university since it came from my hometown
Thanks friend.
genuinely thought that the jackalope was real for far too long.
10 min of yapping tho...
as someone who grew up in Tasmania, I heard a lot of stories from my dad and his mates about post extinction sightings of the thylacine that read like any other cryptid stories. driving down highway late at night and seeing a blurry shape that the swear was one of them sort of thing. It’s sort of became a local cryptid after it officially went extinct
The yeti myths were probably just tibetans coming across russian explorers.
He gon make me start wendigooning 😩
The dogman scared me so bad when I was a kid being a Michigan native.. the song was so creepy and lyrics that stick in my mind til this day “there’s a dogman lookin in… grinnin”   Wish it was a wee bit higher 😅
ANOTHER ICEBERG AAAA
Now this is some content I can goon to!
30% of this video is ads/sponser/intro/my podcast this is far below the standard were used to
iceberg starts at 10:30  Great vid as always!
"Lake Loch ness" maaaaaan cmon
The video starts at 10:32
SCREAMING AND FROTHING AT THE MOUTH
thylakine
I'm still waiting for new 9 hour video 😂
New figures are good and all, but when are you releasing that skeleton with the tie die sweatshirt and the hat?
iceburglar back at it mayne
Yeeeeeahhh thats an iceberg I can get behind
I can't wait for the Pennsylvania Squonk to be mentioned. Stupid ass cryptid
Babe wake up! Iceberg boy has a new iceberg video out.
Wait, you are saying Lauren Coleman is not a cryptid?  So you think he actually exists?
If you want to skip to the point where this hacks video begins, it’s at 12 minutes.
Pé grande: prefeito do Rio de Janeiro, AKA Pézão. Rio é tão surreal que é governado por um criptídeo.
Bro, THIGH-LA-SEEN. Also it's on the list because there's been hundreds of sightings of them all across Australia and Tasmania since it went extinct
i remember the jeresy devil showing up in a poptropica island and it being the only cryptid there that really scared me
"To get it out of the way, Mothman... is S-tier."  I knew I subscribed to this channel for a reason.
holy schmoly
10:30 for the meat of the video
10 minute intro 💀
This has literally been a long time coming        6:33pm Nov,29,23 Wednesday
Video starts at 10:30
Don't forget to include The Black Shuck and to put him in S tier. Thanks in advance.
My wife and I went on our honeymoon in Maine and got to visit the Cryptozoology Museum! Highly recommend checking it out! Very cool spot
16:44 Fun fact: the largest Giant Squid ever recorded was discovered 11 minutes away from my house, in the town my nan grew up in. As a baby, I was christened on the very shore it was found stranded on! Moreover, the town now has a life-sized statue of the squid just a little ways away from where it was originally discovered and it is HUGE.
I BEEN WAITIN FOR THIS ONE!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
not Dan Akroyd on the last tier of the iceberg 💀 can’t wait for that one
ICEBERG ICEBERG ICEBERG ICEBERGGGGGG
RAAAAHHH LETS GOOOO
Thank you for the video, iceberg boy
idk if you’ve been to the cryptid museum here in Maine, but please go! It’s so fun :)
35 minutes? What is this chump change
Ah yes, the most illusive cryptid, Dan Aykroyd
10 minutes of BS. Bro I get it but damn 💀🤦🏽‍♂️
Super interested in Wendigoon's cryptid trauma. Will watch several hours worth. Keep it coming. ♥
Forrest Gallante found a real live Thylacine recently! He said it was the greatest find of his career !
video starts at 10 min idk why the hell but yea i eat my entire meal waiting for content. thanks for that
Finally a new Wendigoon video 🙏
Some constructive criticism: This is one of the longest intros for a video that I’ve seen. Roughly 10:30 before you started. I enjoy your content, but it’s very aggravating to have to sit there for 10 minutes for the video to start. This ain’t the only video either. This is your channel and you can do what you want, but I believe you’re gonna run people off with your excessive intros. Thank you for reading and considering my point of view.
US and the west has many interesting cryptid. I always loved stories about them. There's not many cryptids in my country (Japan) but there are many urban legends here that can be also considered as one.  I love videos like this. (Sorry for my English)
You need to cover “chupa cu de goianinha” from Brazil. Greetings from Rio de Janeiro
very excited for this series iceberg boy!!! also when you said bye at the end i thought you had yelled "FUCK" and it made me laugh
Boys, we comming home.
Finally a video not about analog horror
RAGHHHHHH LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Starts at 10:30
Can't wait for him to talk about Le Nain Rouge. It's probably gonna be way down on the list but it's got a sweet back story
Just a correction for the Thylacine - that’s a soft C pronunciation not a hard C, so it’s “sine” (or “seen”) rather than “kine”
ANOTHER ICEBURG HOORAY!!!!!
Feel like he somehow ramped up his production value in this video, idk what it is but you really are becoming the perfect youtuber.
Finally some old style content
Kraken is F Tier ngl
LESSS GOOOO
im so glad wendigoon put mothman at S teir he realy is the man, the moth , the legend
Weendigon is a cryptid creature, he hasnt got out of his home, all his videos are inside, sometimes he got out, but he is always watched
Bro ten fucjinf minutes of this is ADS IN THE INTRO. JESUS FUCK WEND. Get the bag but fucking jesus. Retention at 0 😂😂
Great fun, nice work!
Maybe to add: The Jackalope is very close to the Wolpertinger of Southern Germany/Austria
Paying that the Alaskan Stick Man is on the list somewhere <3
Go iceberg boy, go!
THIS IS MY BIRTHDAY PRESENT?? THANK YOU MR GOONER
christmas did come early hell yeah
i goon to your videos
I remembe you saying you were working on this like 2 years ago and instantly clicking suscribe. So happy to see it finally here.
Video starts at 10:25
10 minutes of yapping before the actual content :/
I appreciate when YouTubers advertise their sponsors health product as “tastes fine” if you say it’s delicious, I don’t believe you.
Kryptozoology: zoology of Superman's home planet.
I've just shitted my pants from happiness
people are so gullible. and you have to be dumb to be gullible. and look how many religious and political people there are.
List starts at 10:30 holy
You know it's gonna be a good day when my dad Wendigoon uploads an iceberg video on cryptids
Iceberg boy delivers the gift that keeps on giving
First 10 minutes is just ads.
uploaded on my birthday nice gift 🎉
ICEBERG BOY!
what a perfect way to start my morning! 👹🖤
The actual iceberg starts @ 10:30
Love it. Don't Stop🎉
Cool video as usual
10 minutes to get into the actual  content is too damn long
Oh boy, I love it when *iceberg boy* makes a new video! 😃
video starts at 10:26
is god a cryptid?
Thylacine is pronounced like "seen", not "kine". Lean, mean, thylacine.
I feel personally attacked by the yeti placement
Nice iceberg iceberg boy
Lame
Iceberg boy does it again
Jump to start of tier list: 10:30
You can skip to 10:00
Yea!!!! Love it!!
as a scot i am shocked and appalled at the Nessie disrespect
As a Stephen King fan, the Thylacine made me think of the Billy-Bumblers.  RIP Oy
I live near north alabama and we have a story of a tall 8 foot monster with white fur that steals pigs and cows from pastures in the area
Video begins at 10:30 ....
10 mins of rubbish before the actual video starts nice
South African Cryptids after not appearing on the iceberg: Sad Cryptid noises😢
Yes
why are you beautiful?
12:15 "Lake Loch Ness" is redundant. Loch is just the Scottish Gaelic word for lake. You essentially said "lake lake ness"
Cynocephali = Dog people.  You should all Google that.  [Solo]
As the young kids would say...let's gooooo!
10 mins to even start is too long brother. Had to fast forward
Iceberg boyyyyy!
This is honestly perfect timing. I started getting heavily into cryptids (along with other stuff) like a month or 2 ago and I've been obsessed
Wendibroz are we back?
i live in australia, a really popular cryptid is huge black cats. its got a fb group and its something you could mention to any older person and theyd have a story. my pop and uncle told stories of pumas that could jump a 6ft fence in one leap. obviously sounds like a wild leopard but are there a small group of wild cats wandering around forests in australia ??
Over 10 minutes of an intro... Wtf
24:26 Fun fact! There were news on national telivision in mid 2000 in Ukraine about attacks of Chupacabra on livestock. Like, where is Latin America and where is Eastern Europe)
i sure hope the north american house hippo is on this list
The Jackalope reminds me of the Wolpertinger which is a Bavarian fable creature with the body of a rabbit, the horns of a deer and the wings of a duck. Though i have no idea what the Wolpertingers origin is, the similarities are interesting.
FINALLY!
You could make these videos 10 hours long and I would still watch
Tasmania is a part of Australia, its just not connected to the mainland. Also, I think the reason the Tassie Devil is on this list is not because it is just an extinct animal, but because for years people have reported sightings of it in Tasmania and other neighbouring islands. It is a cryptid because the possibility of it being alive today is debatable and is a sort of legend in Australia
So you've bren neglecting the weird bible podcast to start other podcasts... Got it.
❤🐢
D1 is my birthday, so thanks for the birthday present!
Iceberg boy back at it again!
One cool thing about Mothman, another youtube channel that likes to cover similar material to yours, The Why Files, covered them.  They like to try to disprove things at the end of their videos, and Mothman is the one video i can remember where he was unable to provide any evidence to the contrary.
I believe that same populations of the Thylacine were rediscovered recently
The Nijika pledge  Since Nijika is the paragon of human virtue without equal past or present, she is most resplendent in love, tributes and accolades. Waking or sleeping, I must not forget Nijika’s great boon and in order to return her favour by day and by night, I should only think of fulfilling my loyalty.  Who is Nijika? For the blind, she is their vision. For the deaf, she is their music. For the mute, she is their voice. For the anosmiac, she is their aroma. For the numb, she is their feeling. For the atrophied, she is their muscle. For the starved, she is their sustenance. For the thirsty, she is their water. For the exhausted, she is their energy. For the depressed, she is their happiness. For the disillusioned, she is their hope. For the pessimistic, she is their optimism. For the disadvantaged, she is their champion. For the marginalised, she is their justice. For the oppressed, she is their salvation. For the righteous, she is their symbol. For the enlightened, she is their muse. For the erudite, she is their education.  If Nijika speaks, I listen. If Nijika questions, I answer. If Nijika orders, I obey. If Nijika opines, I agree. If Nijika fears, I assure. If Nijika hopes, I dream. If Nijika is happy, I am jubilant. If Nijika is angry, I am apoplectic. If Nijika is sad, I am disconsolate.  Nijika is my ideal, Nijika is my romance, Nijika is my passion. Nijika is my strength, Nijika is my compass, Nijika is my destination. Nijika is my language, Nijika is my culture, Nijika is my religion. Nijika is my ocean, Nijika is my mountain, Nijika is my sky, Nijika is my air, Nijika is my sun, Nijika is my moon, Nijika is my world. Nijika is history, Nijika is present, Nijika is future.  If Nijika has a million fans, I am one of them. If Nijika has a thousand fans, I am one of them. If Nijika has a hundred fans, I am one of them. If Nijika has ten fans, I am one of them. If Nijika has only one fan, that is me. If Nijika has no fans, I no longer exist. If the whole universe is for Nijika, then I am for the whole universe. If the whole universe is against Nijika, then I am against the whole universe. I will love, cherish, and protect Nijika until my very last breath; my successors will love, cherish and protect Nijika until their very last breath.
Is it Christmas already?!
10 minute intro with a sponser ad is kind of crazy man.  Not even worth watching the video now tbh 😂 gotta admit tho. You had me in the first half!
why would we say the champie is kind and docile, TO CHILDREN?? WHAT IF A KID SEES THAT  THING, WAVES AT IT AND SAYS HI, THE CHAMPIE SEES THE KID AND GOES TO HIM AND DRAGS THE KID UNDERWATER AND DROWNS THE KID AND THEN DEVOURS THE KID
i see wendigoon, I click.
Big Foot, snow big foot, and Floridian big foot, gotta love Florida
Portland, Maine on a Wendigoon video??? Noway! What a treat to wake up to this morning, I live a mile from the CrytoZoo Museum on Congress at in Portland! I’m way too happy about this ♥️
*European Mythical Creatures:* Mysterious beings with deep lore that use their powers to teach humans a lesson  *American Cryptids:* What if there was a moth that was also a man...?
Let's go! 🎉🎉
YESSSSS!!!!!!!!! FINALLYYYYYYYYY
!
Thank you iceberg boy🤎
Thank you iceberg boy
Starts at 10:30
It is a little sad that you did not go in depth with some of the cryptid theories like mothman because it has been mostly confirmed that it was just a massive owl native to the region or the jackalope which is theorized to be originally a jackrabbit with hardened tumours on it's skull that resembled antlers, I really wish you would at least mention these things.
Yeah man do what you love we’ve all been eating for this!!!! Obviously the first tier to any iceberg will be a slow but that’s the point! Everyone play this video at least twice for the algorithm and hit like ^_^!
Hell yes
👍
The actually list starts @ 10:26
Iceberg Boy goes back to his old ways
I've never disagreed more with a tier list in my life, holy shit
so youre telling me that we found LITERAL FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW THAT WERE WAY TOO BIG TO BE FOR A HUMAN and the yeti/snow bigfoot is just a cryptid? this is why i dont go to other countries. almost every single one has a cryptid.
Cool that you included the Chupacabra, but where's the Chupa-cu?
Yo Wendigoon, some of us indeed enjoy a real-life content and some of us enjoy fiction - but all of us enjoy whatever content you put out there. Keep up the amazing work man!
10:00 is when the vid starts 💀
Why the intro have to be ten minutes 💀
PUT SOME RESPECT ON NESSIE >:(
Oh man i remember back when you started talking about this iceberg, super psyched to see it come together!
ITS FINALLY HERE YIPPEEEEEEE
It's criminal not to mention the fake yeti made during the SS expedition to Tibet
It's probably just the way I'm interpreting Wendi say it but Tasmania is a state of Australia
Iceberg boy back at it again
As a Vermonter, personally offended that Iceberg boy did my Champ dirty. Champie is in my dumb opinion at _least_ a B for having a sighting by Samuel De Champlain back when he first explored the area.  Otherwise classic S tier wendigoon video. Keep it up my guy.
Oh yeah.
22:17 man there is a guy making videos that just bullies all the animals in the Everglades, it’s wild.
God is a cryptid
i wonder if there was any crpytid sightings during prohibition
Oh man can't wait for him to talk about the Chupacu!
Is Storsjöodjuret there?
Nah dude you did my buddy chupacabra dirty. The creepy thing about it, for me, is that sightings have occurred where A: there aren't coyotes (chile, argentina, etc) and B: has killed animals too big for regular dogs to kill
I love mothman!!      (He’s behind me)
22:00 fishinggarret has entered the chat
Don't forget the theory that the Chupacabra may have been a misplaced Thylacine. Because some of the first Chupacabra sightings coincide with the disappearance of some of the last Thylacine being transported on a boat to a zoo in North America and the fact that a lot of descriptions of the Chupacabra are very similar to the Thylacine.  I wish I could remember the name of the guy I heard that from, but all I remember is that he's been on Joe Rogan a few times and I believe he said he was originally from Zimbabwe (white guy).
:) loved this
I hope you mention or make an episode about Tom Slick. He was an oil prospector who had an interest in cryptozoology and psychic phenomena, among some more normal philanthropic endeavors. I think you would find him interesting.
THE WAIT IS OVER
YES
I love when wendigoon said it’s iceberging time and proceeded to iceberg all over everybody
Took you 10 minutes to get to the point..
the euphoria I felt seeing this video pop up on my feed was unmatched. Also made me smile to see wendigoon and I rocking the same hoodie :)
26:40 Bro, that's Moji from Paladins.
I've seen "Jackalopes" in a video about them. It's some kind of infection that causes growths to sprout out of a rabbit's head a lot like cordyceps
Jackalope has been around long before, it has its beginnings in the German "Wolpertinger", which is the exact same thing except it has bird wings too.
Starts at 10:22
Jeeeezus man congrats on all the growth on the channel! Who knew there was this many of us nerds in the world 😂
"Understandably Mother Leeds was upset and cursed the unborn child" As you do. Not sure that helped the situation.
The monument mythos is my soothing rain sounds to sleep to lol love this man
SO hyped for this series love ya wendi!
Finally
Going back to your roots, iceberg boy?
Realistically I think that Nessie is a hoax (at least any of the photos that captured the 'evidence'), but I'd give her S+ tier for getting me into cryptids as a kid. Plus I just really want to believe that somewhere out there there is a dino simply living her best life
This is the best Christmas present ever! Thank you Iceberg boy!!😎
Thylacine is pronounced like Thyla-seen
what YOY CANT AOAHD DROP THIS WHILE IM GETTING REAHDBSNABAJEIABABAJJAJAJAAQWEBDBD ily
Absolutely phenomenal. Keep it up!
🦅
I also wrote a similar thing in 8th grade. Got to have some heart to hearts with the counselor.
can't wait to hear you talk about the Ozark Howler; it's our only local cryptid where i live.
You being a religious guy I'm surprised you didn't mention the story of Saint Columba vs Nessie. Loch means lake by the by, so saying lake loch ness is redundant.
me stopping to read the deeper iceberg points and seeing Dan Akroyd on there...oooh boy this gon be a good one
23:39 Native Vermonter here. His name is just Champ! No EE on the end. That said,  great video as always Wendigoon. Can't wait to see the eest of this iceberg. Keep it up  😊
wait that's the origin of the jackalope? our drop bears better be on here too.
Dude I love cryptids and I am so stoked about this video.
Let's fuckin' go, iceberg boi!
Teir starts at 10:26
Guess we've been good this year boys, merry early Christmas!
Our favorite little iceberg boy is back at it again
Tier list starts at 10:28
Love your videos, but 10 minutes to start? Damn
Perfect timing I had just been getting into the cryptid YouTube rabbit hole.
Yoooooooo, I live in Portland and always knew about this museum but thought it was just a tourist trap. I didn't know it was 1, international and 2, actually knew what they were talking about. Can't wait to go and tell them I saw their iceberg in your video.
something interesting about the jackalope: theres multiple different creatures similar to it in different regions of the world, like the wolpertinger in germany ! it doesnt always look the same, theres ones that are a squirrel with a duck beak, or a fox with antlers but the most well known form is a rabbit with antlers and duck wings ! no idea if theres any connection there but its rlly cool :D
More than 10 minutes to start the video? Dislike.
love the icebergs
ICEBERG BOY
Seeing a video of you showing backstories to half my YUGIOH Cards was a great watch lol
We eating good tonight
Jesus fuck the video doesn’t even start until 10:30
Yay I’m so excited for this series good job iceberg boy :)
good video, iceberg boy
YYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS LET'S F-KING GOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we got that og iceberg background music as well
Amazing video man! I’m actually a tattoo artist in gallipolis Ohio (the town on the other side of the silver bridge) and the story of mothman really does get brought up everyday and everyone’s obsessed. If you ever come back I’d love to tattoo the moth man on ya!
In One of your Serial Killer Iceberg parts, You said you might do a like the Deadliest Leaders Iceberg. Is that true u will do one at some point?
The return of iceberg boy lets go
My body is ready.
hey wendigoon i never commented because most of the videos i watched on your channel were very old but, have a very good day ;D
I love you girl... But Thylacine was native to Tasmania (a state of Australia), sadly not New Zealand- The main reason for its extinction was due to hunting (mostly by farmers) because Thylacine's favourite food was sheep. The famous photos you have here are of the last known Thylacine in captivity (she was a queen).  As someone from Tasmania, I can say that there is evidence beyond rumours that the Thylacine lives to this day. LOVE YOU
Aw hell yah
Your explanation of how you feel about the skunk ape is how I feel about everything in Australia
Thank you, Iceberg Boy
Chupacabra was proved to be a coyote with mange killing local live stock. Mystery Hunters did an episode on it.
mátranováki fanyűvű 😍😍
I still imagine the Chupacabra as looking like the one from Billy and Mandy
10:30 is when the video starts.......
During the sponsor segment I was thinking "magic spoon magic spoon magic spoon" and I did in fact loudly cry "NO" when discovering what we've come to know and love was not magic spoon
The story of the Dogman got me in the mood to play Rifts. Coalition States F*ck yeah!
I haven’t even watched it and I already need the next episode This is me helping you get motivated Wendigoober
A lot of people underestimate how big and deep Loch Ness
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
All the fame got to his head. His videos used to be so enjoyable. Now he just rambles on and on and on.
starting my day with this:)!
Video starts at 10:30
10 minute intro to a 35 minute video? Wendigo sold out
iceberg boy is back!
icebergboy returns
Seeing this video pop up in my notifications after I woke up made me unreasonably excited. Im completely unashamed at how happy i am to hear wendigoon talk about cryptids for 3-6 collective hours and i will certainly rewatch this series for years to come.
what do you mean the lock ness monster is overrated, you've never heard a knock at your door thinking it was a relative or girl scout, just to find out its a 12-foot tall crustation from the neolithic era? and he's looking for about 3.fiddy
Ffs. Thylacine (Thy-La-Zeen) How do you expect people to watch you?!
Welcome back iceberg boy
Interesting note: I've heard it theorized that the Chupacabra came from sightings of a shipwrecked mating pair of Thylacine
Ice ice baby Dingdingding Ding dinga dingding
Back to the roots of icebergs heelll yeee
just skip to 10:25
im,sorry dude but cmon.. cut yohr fucking intro. here I am thinking I'm gon.a get half an hour of pure lore content and 10 minutes is you add reading, and foundation building... cmonnnnn...
Champy is George Washington confirmed
wassup my wendigooners
Knowing that the International Cryptozoology museum in Portland Maine assembled this iceburg got good laugh out of me, being that I'm in Portland Maine I've had to edited video of that museum for work a few times. Interesting and questionable displays to say the least. I've lived in Maine my entire life, but never heard of the museum until a year ago, and now it won't stop coming back into my life. I'm going to need to pay it a visit now. We love a Maine shoutout!
This ones gonna be a banger boys
mothman is f tier  kraken is s tier
LETSSS GOOOOOO 24 HOUR LONG ICE BERG VIDEO WHEN?
Yasss
Love you're videos wendigoon but man a 10 minute intro is killing me
The return of the iceberg boy
Bro intro longer than dashies 😭
10 minutes wasted, try harder.
bro yapped for 10 minutes before starting the video
wendigoon needs a p.o. box so i can send him some michigan dogman art prints and stickers 🫣
wasn’t there a “dogman” “oddity” in the barnum and bailey circus?
Seriously, the introduction is 10:00 mins long and you have the audacity to break this into parts? I retract my earlier comment. You're putting less effort into your video than before and it's disappointing.   The REAL video starts at 10:00
Orgasmic!
Dan Akroyd... I sincerely hope that is an actual entry in the bottom tiers.
Video doesn't actually start until 10:30 🙃
Keep up the good work iceberg boy
The actual content starts at 10:30
Mothman is my favorite!!
Damn video doesn't start till like 11 minutes in.  Mad annoying
ICEBERG BOY RETURNS!!!!
Thanks for the content dad
🥲 it came! It finally came!
Can't wait for the new vid! I love stuff about cryptids
This is the greatest thing in human history
Over 9 minutes of intro and ads before I gave up. Wish you'd just gotten into it as it seemed like the sort of video I might've enjoyed 😢
Fun video! Can't wait until the next one
The great thing now is you're well into your profession you won't be saying "such as" so much, which was my biggest annoyance in your earlier icebergs videos.
That took sooooo long to get to the info my guy. It was like 9 different preambles
I wanna make a tier lost of crytids i think i could take in a fight
FUCK YEA
Hexie the clown (madamemacabra) needs her own entry in here somewhere. if you know, you know
- skunk ape…  the mention of the everglades immediately made me think of the guy on tiktok who has been stomping around like, all year, out there looking for the 20 foot python
One of my biggest goals in life is to hunt a jack rabbit and a deer and have a jackalope mount made
10 minutes of initial yapping, video ruined
Inject this series right into my veins.
Holy shit, 10 minutes of rambling and like 3 ads for a 30 minute video. This is just as bad as cable television.  Video starts at 9:52
10 min to get shit started is whack
That's crazy I live in DC, 7 minutes from Hyattsville. The Beltway is like 20 minutes.
That intro was so long i thought i was being trolled
Cyprid Iceberg 🥳
Video starts at 10:10
The Thylocine -  never in new Zealand . Nor mainland Australia , or further north .  Found only in Tasmania -  last one died early last century .   Please get your facts right , as new Zealand biggest predator , was Hasts Eagle , which hunted Moa , some of which were bigger than an Ostrich , which the Eagle was capable of flying off with .
I think you undersold dogmen a bit, they've been around a lot longer than the DJ's song. For example, over in Estonia, we have 2 names for them, koerakoonlased and peninuki. It is believed that our legends came from Ivan the Terrible's special guard oprichniki, who would ride around terrorising and torturing our people, trying to "sniff" out enemies of the tsar during the Livonian war in 1565-1572.   To symbolise said sniffing, they would carry a decapitated head of a dog attached to the saddle of their horse. Unfortunately they didn't preserve the heads in any way, so they would need a constant supply of freshly decapitated dog heads. As you can probably guess, this sort of thing will launch a legend pretty speedily.   This is just one more obscure example almost 500 years ago, but there's a LOT of dog headed man legends from many different cultures all the way to Ancient Greece and Egypt. If anyone's interested in looking up more, cynocephaly (dog-head) is a pretty effective search term.   Ofc its understandable that covering things can't be very in depth for something this size. Just a little lore drop from my neck of the woods I wanted to share. Super excited for the whole series!!
Wendi i love your stuff but actually starting the video at the 10:30 minute mark is a bit too much
This video is a lot like MattPats newer Game Theory videos.  10 min of chatter and 29 min of actual content.  There are intros and then there is padding.
I'm gonna be wendigooning to this video for a while
bro ily but tasmania is a state in australia
Iceberg boy has returned
10:35  Start
absolutely (ab·so·lute·ly) "with no qualification, restriction, or limitation; totally."
Video starts at 10:25
video starts at 10:27 btw
10:25
holy fucking shit man it takes 10 minuttes for the actual vid to start you need to be better at this
Let's gooooooo
Love those early christmas presents
🤘🍻🤘
lake loch ness?... so lake lake ness?
Creepcast >>> Red Thread
A return to form
KILL THE KRACKEN
I'm not familiar with the layout of the tier lists; what cryptid goes on what tier list? My point is that I'm not sure if you've left some out that should be in tier 1; they aren't 'left out' they are just in amount tier category?  What defines the category of tiers? Is it notoriety or popularity and then things become more obscure as you ripple outwards? Is it based on believability or likeliness to be an actual create vs myth/urban legend? If I'm aware of the selection criteria I can preemptively note where a cryptid may have been forgotten? Sometimes these are like nested aliases under the main category of a cryptid and not necessarily seperate new individual cryptids.... Like for instance I can't accuse you of forgetting the Australian version of the Bigfoot known as the Yowie? If Yowie is it's own classification of bigfoot, then not including it is as good as forgetting it? But if we collectively normalise the categorisation to begin with it would have Bigfoot being like kingdom name and then sub species to identify selective geographical ranges example Bigfootous Americani is likewise Bigfootous Yowie Australis or Bigfootous Yeti Himalamini  But getting to my point......... How could you possibly forget the Rake? This is by far the most terrifying and potentially real cryptid out of any of them? Because most footage claims to be of it are usually between a person and this what can only be described as the most brutal and violent long armed quadpedal humanoid grey alien being with a gate comparable to a cheetah......? Its also one of these creatures that isn't timid if spooked, in fact if it sees you from a distance it will actively seek to track you down? It's not like most creatures that will hide and hope you didn't see it? Or run away from you but only fight if cornered..........whoa back right up a second, this thing wants to destroy you the moment it sees you! Its all out ballastic rage makes it's unpredictability so high that there is no strategy for defeating it? All you can hope is that death comes to you swiftly so that you aren't suffering when you are attacked.  By far the most truely terrifying cryptid in existence in my opinion? And all accounts, claims or footage seem to show a uniform pattern of behaviour.... Comparing recorded footage from France  to recorded footage of America shows consistent behavior; this makes the notion of this potentially being authentic rather high! Footage from 10 years ago of the rake looks the same as recent footage of the rake?  The fact that there are so many recordings all from different people from all over the world all recording the same looking creature behaving same as has been recorded before. 100% same amounts and claims. This has to be a real creature and it's terrifying!
Almost 10 minutes before the video gets going.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, thanks for this you legend :D
I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS LETS GOOOOO
I'm hoping the Afanc, the Vegetable Lamb of Tartary, The Gabble Ratchets and the almighty Blemyes all make an appearance.
Another video to watch on the background while drawing, thank you so much iceberg boy
I love how almost everything lives in America, feeling so safe in Europe
Free Chessie! >:(
LET'S GOOOOO!
You always know exactly what i want to see
Damn a ten minute intro wtf
You should've mentioned that the Indian Army literally found Yeti footprints in the Himalayas.
Im so hype
Video actually starts at 10:32 jeezus
I hope to see the queensland tiger and the giant sloth on this list 😍
Video starts at 10:30
Hell yeah lets fucking go
Awesome video! As a thylacine lover, I do want to say that it's pronounced "thy-la-seen", not "thy-la-kine"! :)
Really blue balling viewers with a 10 minute intro
Bro Yes
what abour Wolpentinger?
Skip to 10:22 to start the video
Boys we are so back
Thank you for the great content, Iceberg boy.
hey wendigoon, just wanted to drop in and say how much i love your uploads! i was watching the mystery flesh pit video in between classes (for the fifth time…) and someone came up to me all excited because they recognized the thumbnail! anyway it’s been three months and they’re my partner now, and we still get all hyped when you upload so we can watch together ❤ safe to say we’re super excited for this new series!!!
This video is a mf yap fest
why is the intro 10 minutes long
Too short
Whenever someone talks about Bigfoot, I think about the side quest from undead nightmare and then I get sad. And deep sea gigantism is a real thing that is absolutely terrifying
I'm pretty sure the jackalope came from someone seeing a rabbit with a tumour on its head. Tumours sometimes appear on a rabbits head so its possible that they had the appearance of antlers on a certain rabbit which someone then mistakenly thought was antlers.
ty for the early christmas presents wendigoon
Hey I have that sweatshirt :)
Theres probably 3 sponsorships at the beginning of this video so by the time the video actually starts its 7 minutes. I never get my hopes up to enjoy a video theres probably an ad to start it off
lets gooooooooo ive beeeeen waiting on this beauty
cryptmas?
Fun fact: sweden also has it's own version of the lock ness monster, it's called storsjö odjuret
The video starts at 10:25
Been a massive fan ever since the SK Icebergs, but 1/3 of the video people have been extremely excited for for a year being advertising other things is not going to be the most popular move my guy :0
Christmas came early, thanks wendy
LETS GOOOO 🎉
Video starts at 10:30
Let's no forget about chupa-cu from Goiânia, Brazil
it's a christmas miracle!!!
20:10   Ah yes, the country I'm from, Tasmania
This is gonna be a long one isn't it?
yes...YES....YESSSS
Oh god, iceberg boy is doing it again.
Loving this Iceberg. I like your breakdown as well- though I personally would have put Nessie on par with Bigfoot, I do understand your opinions, and appreciate your take.
That yeti in the thumbnail looks like chris Hemsworth
well every now and then, people say they see a tasy tiger. but most are proven fake.
Another weird iceberg video let's gooo baby
YESSS, I live for this Isaiah ❤
Our Iceberg Boy is becoming an Iceberg Man
10 minute intro is fucking crazy
Ten minutes in and he hasn't talked about anything other than himself.
This satisfies my urges for now but I'm still (im)patiently awaiting your magnum opus video on GIANTS
Actual video starts at 10:30  Ur welcome
Record the video, iceberg boy
Iceberg boy is back again.
i believe the cryptid related to the tasmanian tiger is there have been multiple alleged sightings in recent times
I LOVE IT AND I DONT WANT YOU TO DO ANYTHING ELSE
Wendigoon really has the longest intros on youtube, I swear. Nearly 10 minutes of this video are intro.
Another banger from iceberg boy
10:33 You're welcome
I love your videos but I am now 10 mins in and it's actually beginning. Plz wendy, plz.
Yoo looking forward to watching the series AND the future 22 hours complete video back to back until I turn into an actual new cryptid     That you Will then have to research into
ITS HEREEEEEE
FUCKING YES
Was ready to throw hands if Mothman was not put in S teir
I wonder when his GIANT iceberg will be
22:00 as someone from florida most floridian thing i’ve ever done was fine with a girl on a walk through the everglades. there was a gator on the path but we didn’t want to turn around so i just walked between her and it. wild day
Good work Iceberg boy.
Another banger from iceberg boy
Dope
Also don't worry about giant squid, worry about colossal squid and thank a sperm whale if you ever encounter one. I feel like they probably could understand if they've been exposed to humans a bit.
Excuse me Mr Goon, this video is only 35 minutes long, and not 35 hours. Clearly this is some mistake, and I will eagerly be anticipating the corrected video. Thank you.
YES YES YES YES THIS WAS FUCKIN AWESOME MORE WENDI-DAD MORE!!!
Was hoping for a cryptid smash or pass video, but this will do.
Iceberg boi back at it again
Can somebody please link the iceberg. P
Hey i wanna make an analog horror film but i dont know where to start. Could you help me? I already have everything layed out and stuff, i just need advice. What makes analog horror scary?
4:45 does that mean my dad is a cryptid
As someone who loves icebergs and has watched all of yours, I never got into cryptids. They just seem childish to me but I’ll give it a shot I guess
How could you put the kraken in anything other than S???
Can't spell Wendigoon without goon.
Wendigoon. We all love you, but good god, it shouldn't take ten minutes to start a video.
⭐ I love you
Uh oh wendigoon found out you make more money when you upload in parts. Shit.
10:30 is when the tier list begins.
bro seriously put mothman in s tier and kraken in b tier
About the Jackalope: In Germany, specifically Bavaria, we have a similar creature called a "Wolpertinger/ Wolperdinger". Its a combination of different animals mostly a rabbit with antlers and duck wings, and sometimes even fangs. But they're described as nonaggressive.
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!! Thank you father Wendi!
A full 10 minutes of intros and ads in a 30 minute video. Im feeling that this part of your videos is getting pretty bloated and drawn out. Just want to provide some constructive criticism for one of my favorite YT channels ❤
Iceberg boy is at it again!
I have to be honest. I have been a fan of Wendigoon since before he has 10K subs. But damn. This is ridiculous! 10 minutes in and the video hasn’t really even started, just a bunch of BS! Come on wendigoon, this is crazy!
so when it comes to the jackelope, i believe it may have an origin in the southern german "Wolpertinger" which is effectively an amalgamation of various animals, very often horned, the exact animal may differ but its most often rabbits, with various features, which may be sharp teeth, fish tails, duck feet, wings, anything the mind could come up with. the creation of taxidermy wolpertinger dates to the 19th century, the exact age of the myth and its origin is unclear but given the broad range of local variations, especially in name and the habit of the german language to usually change very little over time, it is very likely an old myth
I knew iceberg boy would do the again
IT HAS FINALLY HAPPENED
Wendis fear of the ocean clearly showing in his ranking of the kraken …atleast A tier
You were too nice on Nessie and it’s copycats. They deserve F tier
i love mothman, but the mothman fanbase are the most annoying and cringe of all the cryptid fans.
Holy shit this video doesn't start till 10:30 💀💀💀
NOW THIS!!! THIS IS NOICE!!!
Loch is the Scottish Gaelic word for lake and is the correct name for most lakes in Scotland. So it’s just Loch Ness, not lake Loch Ness
Colorado Grizzlies are easily a b tier cryptid.
How you pronounced Thylacine as “Thyla-kine” but pronounced Coelacanth correctly makes me mad but okay😔
Yipppie!
The Lost Tapes, Jersey Devil episode was so memorable to me for some reason
i sure hope we get to see australian cryptids like the bunyip and the drop bear
Fr. Petition for the mold iceberg next
starting the list now and rooting for Ogopogo. I am not checking to see where my main man the lake serpent monster of Canada
That is NOT how you pronounce thylacine 💀
That is NOT how you pronounce thylacine 💀
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh WENDI UPLOADDDDD
Wendigoon talking about anything is always interesting. I'm excited to go deeper into Criptid lores.
Wtf? 10 minutes of ads?
Glad to see the Jersey Devil up here and the origin story be mentioned.  Makes living in this hellstate have something to brag about
It's cool and all but theres no way i had to sit through 10 solid mins of a 35 min video listening to YAPPING just to watch the actual content. Shit was like youtube ads on steroids
Holy shit 1/3 of this shit is advertisement
Isaiah lookin' quite spiffy and/or (And I'm both stupid and not a Christian so I hope this ain't sac-relig) holy n pure in that AG1 hoodie, who knew Wendy looked so good in white XD
LFGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So, I don't know if he ran it by the creator or not, but I believe the reason the Tasmanian Tiger was on the list is because there are several people who believe they have seen the animal while travelling though Tasmania. I even had a geography teacher in high school who swears he saw one on a hiking trip he took travelling across the island.
So about 1/3 of the video is intro and advert. That's way too much man.
it took him 10 minutes for the intro and 4 ads before the actual video began💀💀💀
I remember seeing a taxidermy jackelope as a kid in the 80s. I wasn't completely convinced but it sure was cool!
Bro HAS to have some kind of autism
Bro yapped for 10 1/2 minutes before he even started to list
where’s your step dad
This one's gonna be good
I’m just going let you know if no one else will , that realizing videos and complying them into one is lazy and wack
Man I can't believe Wendigoon's work ethic. He truly has the power of God and anime on his side
YYAAAAAAY
To skip all the ado, explanations and ads. Iceberg starts at 10:30
Bro started explaining the iceberg at 10 min that’s crazy💀
THE ICEBERG BOY DOES IT AGAIN, ANOTHER SMASH HIT!!!
it is egregious that this iceberg starts 10:30 into the video
The actual video starts at 10:30. One third of the video in. Jesus Christ dude. Jesus Christ.
Video starts at 10:30
I love icebergboys videos but im getting tired of having to skip like 5minutes at the beginning of every video
If someone wants to go directly to the iceberg, timestamp is 10:29
Since you now keep your word, I’m considering moving out of your walls.  With appreciation, the man living in your walls
22:19 Unless you are fishingarret
I'm so happy to see you making another iceberg series! This just made my holiday season so much better. Also bless you for putting the Mothman to the S tier. He is my absolute favorite.
Invite papapoob for one of these videos
Wendigoon your intro was 10 minutes long holy shit my guy. I will watch 12 hour videos from you but a 10 minute intro is way too much dude
Nice, the new Wendigoon Cryptid ark begins, hope he defeats the Giant Agartha Bigfoot.
Why have i had to wait this long for this ice burg… but thanks for making it iceberg boi
So excited for this Iceberg. Have to say though, 10 minutes before we actually get to the iceberg is some wild pacing, sorry man 😅
video starts at 10 min
The longer the wendigoon video, the better.
For some unknown reason the chupacabra was extremely popular in Ukraine like 10-15 years ago.  Every tv channel had a chupacabra story, and somehow noone was surprised it's so far from Latin America... 😁
Iceberg boy never fails to fill us up with great things!!!!
Awe man Santagoon giving us an early Christmas present :D
oh my god yes
The Iceberg boy is back !!!!!
you said thylacine wrong
Good one, iceberg boy
I can’t help but get lost tapes flashbacks
The Iceberg Boy insult and it's consequences have been a disaster for wendigoon.
ThylaKINE?? man... Its a C, its pronounced Thyla-sine
6:40  I was like please to God do not be a Better-Help sponsorship when he said, "my mental health".
the Thylacine one is sad
letss go
so hyped for this one. suggestion for the tier list to be pictures instead of names written down tho
quick note Wendigoon, the Thylacine is on the iceberg because there are frequent sightings of it in the Tasmanian forest. Also this is a nitpick but the c in Thylacine is pronounced like an s. Otherwise great start to what will be a great iceberg series!
Glad to see iceberg boy getting back into his roots
Only 35 min 😭😭😭😭🫂
Please keep doing these. I love cryptids with a passion.
Video starts at 10:26
The Secret Saturdays might not like this one
Thanks for the notification youtube 😮  Nevertheless, I'm so here for this
LETS. FUCKING. GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Lol why is Dan Aykroyd on the bottom tier?
Harry and the Hendersons always made bigfoot a good guy for me
Iceberg boy that is not how you say Thylacine also I know a guy who knows a guy whos seen one if you are interested in talking to him about it but they aren’t as cool as any of the other things so probably not
I AM SO EXCITED
Why is the Tasmania tiger here?
Video starts at 10:30 😭😭😭
thylacine/tasmanian tiger was sick, theres a good movie w it too called the hunter w willam dafoe
I have been WAITING for an iceberg like this!
01:38 "I dmd you my cryptid, please respond."  I really don't get why critikal is on the podcast?  Like, he's a popular (please don't kill me) "react streamer" but how does he fit into the true crime/cryptid/conspiracy theory atmosphere?  Or am I overthinking it and it's just that he's a cool dude that you like having around and enjoy his vibe so you started a podcast together?
I nees about tree-fiddy
Day 1 of asking wendigoon to make a vacuum cleaner iceberg
Same
I would question where the "Jackalope" Guy comes from originally. This sounds like a stolen concept. It's like the German 'Wolpertinger', a folklore creature especially amongst huntsmen. It's a hare with deer antlers, long fangs and wings. Some apparently use different animals as base, but I know it as a hare. Though I must admit I do not know much about the lore, I learned about it in the rifle club from huntsmen as a child (also had a stuffed one there)
LETS GO ICEBERG BOY POSTED YIPPPEEEEEEEEEEE
Damn I've seen the Point Pleasant Mothman statue before but I didn't know he was that thicc.
Btw chupacabra is literally feral dogs that have a rare disease or gene that doesn’t allow them to grow to much hair. So yeah it’s literally hairless dogs…I seen videos of people claiming to catch one on video but it’s legit a dog with no hair. 💀
i’m kinda surprised the dog man and champie are on this tier but not the flatwoods monster (i thought ogopogo might be here too but that’s because i grew up in the okanagan)
thyla-seen
Hey, rather than force yourself through these, multi-video projects, why not alternate between a video following a larger project and a more limited video on something you want to share?
32:40 I know you mentioned it already, but I forgot N/A isn't just animals, so this threw me off so much
Did you get a new camera at some point? that is looking pretty sharp!   And I am sure it has nothing to do with me slowly watching my way through All in the Family
Holy fuck, it takes you over 10 minutes to get through the longass intro with ads and redundant/repeating monologue before you get started. 30% of the video.
10 mins in before real content.... wow 👌 👏
Video starts at 10:00
Still waiting for the mold/fungi iceberg
Wendigoon, i love ya.... but i sleep to ur videos and you got 10 minutes of talking about nonsense... im tryna sleep to your beautiful voice, not sleep to your beautiful voice talking about stuff i have no clue about.  Anyway keep up the good work!
my soul is finally whole
December's going to be a VIBE
Skunk ape too high - Chupacabra too low
is that a racing banner from the infamous movie trilogy Cars?
got another chai tea/naan bread situation here :p  Loch means lake, its just "Loch Ness" not "Lake Loch Ness"
As an Aussie that pronunciation for Thylacine got me going haha. Down here we pronounce it "Thigh-La-scene"🐅
10:30 the video actually begins
started watching almost 3 years ago right after the conspiracy iceberg started… something something how fast the night changes
actual 10 minute intro lmao
Video starts at 9:51 🙃
nice 10mins of nothing before the video starts
"Bigfoot is so popular that there's no consistency to the story anymore" That's been the case from the beginning though? native folklore regarding the wild/hairy/giant men of the forrests also varied widely from tribe to tribe, some depicted them as dangerous monsters to be feared and avoided and while others might go so far as to name them "the husband of mother earth/nature", and of course others just treated them as fairly neutral entitiesto be respected because they were poweful and had territory you shouldn't vilolate unless you want trouble with them, and so on.  It's almost like this is a wild animal that could do any and all these things in the eyes of humanity and says just as much about those humans as it does the creature itself.  Edit: the famous Myakka Ape photos are a bit more complicated then just "it was a Ripley's Believe It Or Not display" since no such display matching the creature pictured has ever been proven to have existed(with the example shown to try and prove such a thing shows a radically different looking Bigfoot in completely different foliage), so who knows what it was a photo of, could still be a hoax, but it's probably not from a Ripley's display
Finally, i literally re-watched the conspiracy iceberg yesterday and saw you said "imma make a deep cryptid analysis" and realized "huh, he never did do that"
i looked at the title and went "hasnt he done this?" then i realized it was dantavius 😂 anyways im always hyped for wendigoon uploads
video starts at 10:31
Lochness monster is A tier 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
yeeeh the iceberg boy is baaack ~~~~
When you get home from a long day ... and WENDIGOON does it for you 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Christmas came early. Now New Years is pregnant.
yooooooooooo! hell yeah!
I don't think I have ever seen a video get 45K LIKES in 7 hours. WOW! But hey, well deserved!
thylacines imo should count as cryptids as much as kraken/giant squids, as they’re almost an inverse case. they DID really exist and went extinct, but there ppl who claim they still exist in the wild and have had sightings etc. so they’ve almost turned into cryptids over time
wow a 10 minutes intro to the video. i am hanging on the edge of my seat.
If I wanted to listen to the red thread podcast or the creep cast, would it be. Enter to listen to it on YouTube or on spotify. And by better I mean, will he make more money if I watch YouTube ads or listen to spotify ads
Wendigoon posting is like when you dad calls except better cuz he’s not asking for money
Finally another iceberg video 🤝🏽
Am I the only one who wants to see @wendigoon do a breakdown of the Book of Revelation? Shits kinda popping off lately...blessed is he who reads the words aloud. Might be truly helpful to some out there. But I def understand being unsure about posting something like that. Will undoubtedly ruffle feathers.
i remember finding wendigoon's channel when he had about 1500 subs, and watching his my chemical romance breakdown video. I remember the first conspiracy theory iceberg upload, and i remember seeing the numbers just grow, and keep on growing. Now having seen him get married, and grow so much and give us better and better content, its kind of like our own little community.
The first 10 minutes is just rambling preamble and self promo and ads, holy fuck
wonder where wolpertinger will be
video starts at 10:00
also love how he pronounced thylacine, Im from Tasmania and know that he pronounced it wrong
🗣️🗣️MOTHMAN!!!🗣️🗣️
Yes man this is exactly what I wanted from your first Iceberg
Needed this for my soul, truly.
When I was a kid, my family would use the word "chupacabra" to mean any weird thing or creature. So I grew up not knowing it was a cryptid and it still feels weird to hear this name being tied to a particular monster.
Absolutely love it! Your channel got me into conspiracies and cryptids and I can't wait for more!
I cannot live in a world where the kraken is in the same tier as bigfoot but stinky
Thus my needs are beginning to be satisfied.
30% of this video is ads and him explaining what the video is about...
I'm still waiting on the ww2 deep dive video
YEAH, GET TO IT ICEBERG BOY
As far as the dogman is concerned, there is quite a bit to explore.  There have been sightings throughout history of this creature.  Just look into "cynocephaly".  Honestly, this is one cryptid that keeps me up at night.  I often wonder, "Where did they go?"
I think the thylacine was on the list as I’m sure some people theorise they still exist out there in the wild
Father's back.
A potcast with Charlie and wendigoon blows up? What a surprise 😂
Video actually starts at 10:30
"Channel is named after a cryptid" I hate when mythical creatures get lumped into Cryptozoology... In my mind a Cryptid needs to make sense as just a biological organism, as a species of said organisms, and so on.  Sure, there can be attributions of supernatural related to them, the same way there are supernatural attributions to plenty of very real known animals.  But a windigo is not a cryptid, unless you're suggesting an animal that inspired the mythology of the windigo, but at that point the creature you're talking about isn't really a "Windigo" anymore is it?
You also promised to let my family out of the basement, do I have to wait a year for that too?
Video starts at 10:30
I love cryptids but the creatures from the brazilian mythology/folklore are also really cool, you should look into them one day!
Ive actually seen a jackalope. In New Mexico when i was 10yrs old.
Not hating on iceberg boi but good god the video starts at: 10:30  First time ive ever seen an intro being dragged out to a 3rd of the video
I think the reason Thylacinus is on the iceberg is because there is still debate going on whether there are still some around or not.
Video starts at like 10:30
Our Glacial Lad.  The Frozen Hill Guy.  *The Man of Boreal Peaks*
You failed to mention the Jersey Devil has a pro hockey team named after it.
I was today  years old when I learned the coelacanth isn't actually extinct and that we have many photos of them
Quick not on the coelacanth: while it is true that the fish existed both in prehistory and modern times, the two kinds aren’t exactly alike. One major difference is tha fact that the prehistoric variety used to give birth to live babies as opposed to laying eggs. At least im pretty sure it did. Point is the title of “living fossil” isnt 100% accurate
Can't say I'm a fan of the tier list angle of the video. Could be a coincidence but the ranking seems heavily based on whether a cryptid is american or not.
10 minutes before the shit even start bruh 😭
Longest intro ever.
Wendigoon did not just say thalakine 😭😭😭
Theres quite a bit to dogman legends especially in Ohio. I believe theres a podcast of dogman cryptid enthusiests who still host for those interested.
>Makes 30 minute cryptid video >Spends and entire third of it explaining basic concepts and merchandise   Thank you wendigoon love you bbg
Sorry but that intro and sponsor was too long for my liking
I'll forever be angry on behalf of the Tasmanian Tiger 😤
jesus christ, ten min intro, wrap that shit up b
OHMAIFUCKINFGAWD  Let's gooooooo!!!
10 minutes before we actually reach the content of the video?
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well well well… how wendigood
Fun fact, technically by the definition that Wendigoon gave, Socrates is a cryptid
Could aliens be considered cryptids?
At last , at long last . Also GIANTS ??
10 minutes of straight yapping geez
Let me just say, I could talk about you for hours. I could talk about what you’ve done for hours. You’re my favorite YouTuber and I really know that God is moving in your life and I really hope that all your dreams come true, and we get to see it all happen 🤍
If you got to make it shorter parts for yourself, then you go King! If it's about , I vote longggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
So far, so good. Keep up the good work!
10:30 he actually starts
Eeeeeeee
10 min of intro 😭
The video starts at 10:28
Eyy
Starts at 10:33
😏I swear the chupa cabra was just some  vampires  on vacation in Puerto Rico & Mexico sucking  blood  on people's barns 😂😂😂
Oh baby, this isnt very Christian of me, but I am drunk rn for the first time in forever. This video has me hyped. I saw the notification while at work, and have been waiting to get off. Got off like an hour and a half ago, had to take care of some stuff, but Wendigoon, I am hyped for this video. I hope the best for you, brother. My dad is going through the rut right now and any prayers help 🤍 I love you, Wendigoon (Isaiah) I know God is looking out for you and I pray that the best comes your way. No more drinking for me again, only small doses. Kinda got out of hand. Now I’m gonna watch this and play some red dead redemption 2
This video is to short for the amount of plugs😂
In Germany we have a cryptid very similar to the Jackalope called Wolpertinger. Its a rabbit with antlers, wings and pointy teeth. The origins are unknown but references go back to the early 18th century or even older. Apart from Wolpertinger it has a bunch of other names, depending on the region.
Mah the Iceberg man is here
wendigoon, buddy, pal, I love you, but we ain't finishing this series by christmas lmaooooooooooo
Iceberg boy is back
Nobody: .....   Wendigoon: "The Iceburg Iceburg Explained." Still love it though lol...
video starts at 10:30 if anyone cares
Can't wait to see Dan Akroyd get listed as an S-tier cryptid
Love it bro im so excited!
I'm now reminded why I stopped doing research on cryptids. The fact that it seems to be 90% bigfoot
hey wendigoon, i do enjoy cryptid content and irl content, also i hope you cover scp content as in the earlier days, cheers!!
With preamble and sponsors, only 2/3 of the video actually consists of the iceberg
yeeeEEES FINALLY!!!!! Wendi + my favourite topic :')
Hows the zombies video going Mr Goon?
New Iceberg Video Lets GOOOOOO
Hey babe wake up, new comfort video just dropped
I feel like werewolf and Dogman are sperate because one was a human turned werewolf where as dogman like bigfoot wasn't human its a separate species.
10 minutes of preamble 😑
9 minutes into the video and he's still shilling. Truly means the most.
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOO
the dog man broke into peter kaines barn
Goon rule one of The TinHats trust nobody rule 2 TRUST NOBODY THAT SAYS ITS GOOD FOR YOU!! rule 3 we dont talk about the first two or thr club outside the club. Yer expulsion and mine will be in the mail in about 3 business days
Let's fucking lfg
10 mins and no content.
honey wake up wendigoon dropped a new iceberg video
That's the weirdest pronunciation of thylacine I've ever heard as an Australian. I've always heard it pronounced as Thigh-la-scene.
22 min in and i'm already seething at our precious Wendigoon putting the Kraken in B tier, dude, the fact that the Kraken might be one of the most legit cryptid out there make him one of the best, also, best symbol of the absolute terror of the deep sea, one of the most iconic, legendary creature that put fear in the heart one men. And also putting the Yeti in B tier because "Snow big foot" at least you are honest about it but my non-american ass is crying rn
Ok iceberg boy
Nothing makes me as happy as a Wendigoon iceberg video, thank you goon of the Wendis.
Mothman hitting them squats 🥵
can't wait to see where braxie falls on this iceberg
Show me more icebergs, Iceberg Boy
video begins at 10:31
You know, I always believed that jackalopes were real and even saw one on a road trip once.  I remember commenting, "Hey look! A jackalope! Haven't seen one of those yet!"  Later, after recalling my sighting, someone told me they were a joke creature and aren't real. After confirming all the photos of them online were parodies, I felt so dumb.  That said, to this day, I still can't help believing in the jackalope.
Iceberg boy mispronounced thylacine. Everyone point and laugh.
Mans made a 3rd of the video an intro
Iceberg bois back at it again
omg an iceberg and tier list video simultaneous is a breakthrough innovation!
hes so hot
The irony of calling the Loch Ness Monster overrated with a “Nessie” flag in multiple videos, including this one, is far beyond palpable.
Chupacabra always freaked me put when I was a kid ~2005 because all the cryptid books I read made it look like a freaky alien. The dog version doesn’t bother me as much
Personally I like splitting cryptids into 2 categories. 1 is the clear urban legend supernatural esoteric bs like ghosts, vampires, alien hybrids etc. 2 is what could be an actual animal. We know that we only know around 10-15% of existing  animal species (even if most of those would be insects and deep sea creatures). Many many now documented animals were considered myths before we could find a specimen (in fact we have ones that have only been confirmed to exist by one or two remains that we've found, not to mention that we wipe species from existence every year). This is legitimate zoological research. Now, there is obvious overlap - before we find an animal we usually hear about it from the stories of the locals and try to separate fiction from fact. Still, there are legends that are clearly just kept alive by hype, and fictional mythology has taken the reins from any real-world inspiration. Elements that have a clear source in books and popular media can be separated from documented real events.
Thy-la-seen
I hate the Jackalope so much. When I was around 10 years old, I was on a road trip with my grandparents to the Grand Canyon. We stopped in a souvenir shop that had multiple stuffed "Jackalopes". My Grandma spent a day and a half convincing me they were real.  I've had trust issues with her ever since. 😅
35 mins?!?!?!  This must be part one of twelve of a Wendigoon intro, before the usual 956 hr videos begin... 😴
i love that everytime he tries to talk about the flavor of ag1 he takes a sip and looks like he’s extremely uncomfortable before proceeding to say it tastes great
ohhh today's a good day
Webdigoon naming a video "The ... Iceberg BEGINS" is such a casual powermove.
wendi do you use a usb mic?
video starts @ 10:32
I’ve been surviving off dantavius iceberg for so long 🙏🏽
This is the type of video I'm surprised you haven't made before this stuff is your bread and butter Wendi
lets gooo i was needing a video to listen to so i can try to stay up a bit longer
some of these explanations seem like chatgpt wrote them
I would have loved to see the legend of the "Dahu" ,a funny little cryptid, lol
nice
the chupacabra only exists when a politician is accused of corruption -a friend from venezuela
Mothman is caked up! And that's why they call it Point Pleasant
Oh no (oh YES)
You actually made a pretty vital mistake with the thylacine there. As an Australian I can attest that the animal has attained mythical status over the last few decades as people have claimed to see late-surviving Tasmanian tigers still roaming the bush. It’s become something of a legend over here. It’s not usually taken seriously, BUT if people reporting sightings of a late-surviving plesiosaur (Nessie) counts as a cryptid, I would argue that people doing the same for a late-surviving marsupial should count as one too. Culturally, thylacine sightings over here are treated about the same as any cryptid/paranormal report.
Wendigoon with Hunter, Wendigoon with Charlie,  now I just need a podcast with you and Mista GG or at the very least have him be a guest or rotate into the other 2 or just slap him in there with Papa Meat because that'd be dope.
Wendigoon is an iceberg
Australian here, the c is thylacine is pronounced like an s, otherwise, you're good
Begins?
Video starts @10:30 youre welcome
Now we’re talkin, my kinfolk
Just a few corrections, loch translates too lake so theres no need to say "lake loch ness" also secondly; A few years ago now there was a crew of scientists that did a full scan of the lake and found nothing at all so nessy unfortunately doesnt exist
Where’s Killer Croc?
I’m so excited.
If you view bigfoot as a brown bear. A Yeti could belike a polarbear. Skunkape could be like a slothbear.  Also beware the Jersey Shore devil.
Crying every time you say the W word because I know it's in your name but you really REALLY shouldn't say the actual word itself it's soooooooo bad luck it's a curse basically.😭 I'm not gonna sleep for a week. I've dealt with a W in real life before and in my friends dream. Even spelling or reading it is bad. Idk I'm just so afraid.
iceberg boy
So freaking happy to have this to watch on repeat
11:05 childhood gift shop jumpscape
Bro papa wendigoon really deliberately tryna bring two halves of his community together
yea im not spending 225$ on a health drink lol i rather buy a salad and fruit and tea from the store for 25$ and be just as good
Can't wait for someone at Konami watches this series so they drop more Danger! monster.
Content start at 10:28
WE ARE SO BACK
Starts at @10:30    Fucking hell
Don't get me wrong but the video starts at 10:25!
Too much waffling. Spit it out christ boy
Can't wait for the Honey Island Swamp Monster
For the record dogmen are also a legend that has existed for hundreds of years. Before the discovery of the new world or the concept of werewolves existed.
Man the chupacabra kept me from going outside after dark
And as always, thank you Wendigoon. The effort never goes unnoticed we all love you
Iceberg Boy strikes again
Forget Santa! (I love you Santa even though I’m 27 and know you’re really just my mom) id rather have wendigoon bring me creepy shit throughout December!
This Goon is finally gonna talk more about the Wendigo. Hell yeah.
Oh! Wasn’t there possible sightings of the Tasmanian tiger!? And I think there was even footage and in it you see an animal with the same markings.
LETSS GOOOOO!!! best birthday present ever!!!!!
A new great journey begins.
Windigoon seen a couple cryptid videos go viral and decides to go ahead and release the first part lmao. Funny
Ive only been subscribed a while and am in the process of watching videos from both channels. Plus i subscribed to creep cast and the official channel. This is the first iceberg video ive watched, as the others haven't called to me above other videos yet. But im giving this a go and will then have to go back a watch some others if im liking the iceberg format.  I love the other videos though, either real events, myths or games im really enjoying the hours of silence i can now fill with your voice. And 100% blame my ASD but im in love with that light in the background, i cant stop looking at it, its awesomeness and i need one in my life.  Me - spending all afternoon searching for a hexagonal colour changing light. 😅
Finally, I can fall asleep to something good again thank you Wendigoon
it took this mf 10 WHOLE MINUTES TO ACTUALLY START THE ICEBERG AND I DIDNT EVEN NOTICE😭😭 i was just listening to him yap with this goofy ass smile on my face not even remembering why i clicked on the video💀 thats fucking talent i wont lie
10:31 is when the list starts.
Windigoon seen a couple cryptid videos go viral and decides to go ahead and release the first part lmao. Funny
Smelly monkey ranking higher than the Loch Ness Monster is a hate crime
Bro was yapping for 10 minutes straight that’s when the video actually starts
Iceberg boy
Wendigoon is rocking 300k views this fast! Damn congrats on going big man!
Video starts at 9:50 guys
17:21 Best instance of the Kraken happens to be an attack on the U.S. naval Frigate the USS Stein when a giant squid of unknown size attacked and destroyed the ships undersea radar dome. The ship was rocked by the impact and saw its speed decline until the propellers of the ship thunked a few times and the creature departed. Based on the tooth embedded in the vessels radar dome the Squid would have had to have been between 100-165ft; making it the largest squid ever recorded. Tooth is now in a museum, and ironically despite the massive size of the creature, most sailors had not noticed the incident took place till after the ship was in dry dock.
Loved your videos when you started out, the video not starting until 10:30 is not it man
Moth man stole my catalytic converter in point pleasant West Virginia
Thanks for the head up on creepcast don’t have to keep looking it up everyday like a creep 😂
the mothman museum is literally the only reason i want to visit america lol i love the mothman
Intro was unbearably long
The reason the Thylacine is on the Iceberg is because there are rumors it's still alive
thanks for the christmas gift iceberg boy 🫶🫶
Now ima whip up spicy noodles for this wendigo 🌶️
yeeeeeeeshhhh
10 minutes of filler in a 35 minute video.....
I think the jackalope originated in Germany?
iceburg boy has returned
Lol congrats on the 3 million subs I did not realize you made it that far😂
The rabbit with horns is Swedish. Probably brought to America by Swedish settlers.
Video starts 10:29
you can't fool me... the Dogman is just a Proto-furry before they were mainstream
Iceberg Boy heard his calling ❤
10:00 the video starts. Goddamn.
Christmas might've come early, but my hoodie still hasn't come 😢
This is a healthy serving. I am grateful.
YEEEEEESSSSSSS
Damn, Goon... I was here before you even had 100k. I'm so proud. I will always support your content and this channel. I love to binge it with Minecraft as background audio. ❤ Keep going and doing what you're doing! 😎👍
I hope haggis shows up on here lmaooo
Me: Yes a new Wendi video, I’m so excited! Wendigoon: Also….
Skunk Ape is a peaceful, smelly Sasquatch only because it smokes weed
I hope this iceberg touches on the older cryptids, like the Gloucester Sea Serpent, Steller's Sea Ape, or monsters on older maps like Abraham Ortelius' or even the really old stuff like the creatures described by Pliny the Elder.
10 minutes before the vid actually starts. I love your vids but this always bothers me
Dude yapping for over ten minutes so annoying
Iceberg boy provides.
Way to go! another masterpiece, iceberg boy!
Oh hell yeah
11:10 hey that’s The Legend of Bigfoot shop in NorCal on 101! I used to drive by that all the time as a kid during roadtrips. So cool seeing it in an Iceberg Boy video 😊
I hate it do something else! lol this was awesome, keep em coming. 😮
Best Christmas present ever
HELL YEAH ICEBERG BOY
Petition to make Dan Aykroyd an S tier cryptid.
YO this is a great place to ask this. Does anyone know of a book that was popular in Scholastic Book fairs in like the mid to late 2000s? It was called Mythical Monsters or Mythical Creatures - something to that effect, and was a rectangular book that had a detailed picture of the Monster on one side (the Oni one scared the shit out of me as a kid) and a description on the other side. PLEASE HELP IF ANYONE KNOWS THANK YOU.
Blue is your color, looks great on you. Love the background for this, too. Cryptids are always a fun time, hell yeaaaah
Haven’t watched Wendigoon in a minute. Hot damn did his production value skyrocket! Glad to see one of my favorite YouTubers doing so well!
Thank you iceberg boy❤️
So that was you, I saw that thumbnail and was like this guy looks so much like wendigoon 😂
i like your vids but 10+ minutes to get into into a video with a 30 minutes runtime is kinda too much
video starts at 10:33 ❤
Thanks for the new iceberg Dad
Iceberg starts at 10:30
Yes! Iceberg Boy is at it again!
The chupacabra still is a mystery though like what sucked the blood out of those animals
Scientists actually get testing the loch ness water for trace dna and the only abnormal result they found were eels
Thank you for this christmas gift papa wendigoon!
you could make a 6 hour video about hoodies and i would watch it multiple times.
ty iceberg boy
Thylacine is pronounced thai-la-seen btw
I based my internet person on a cryptid, just like Wendigoon - and it's Mothman. My man mothman. My beloved mothman. My honeybun ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡ RAHHHHHH 🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩
10:30 video starts
fuck. yessssssssssssssssss
Thanks, but I think I'll hold out for the 20-hour supercut.
Great video Wendigoon! Minor correction - as a Kiwi I have to sadly report that the thylacine did not live in New Zealand. Our only native land mammals before human settlement were bats!
Goon the Thylacine can still apply because it is extinct, though. Now it is a cryptid in the sense that people talk about spotting one in the wild. Like that movie where Willem DaFoe tries to hunt one.
Hell yes, so excited for this one. Like with most of the People here, cryptids have dominated my world at one point (thanks to books by Jaroslav Mareš) and it always feels so nostalgic to revisit this topic.
Glad you came back and made this happen. But don't feel bad if you get caught up on projects everything has been great.
“It actually…. tastes just fine.”  *I love that part.*
Back to the roots. Finally!
Oh fuck yeah
i fuckin love your content like this dawg
your pronunciation of Thylacine pains me...
I think it's pronounced thyla-seen. Also, looking forward to this series. Hell yeah
The loch ness monster is just a Greenland shark
Is there a link to the full iceberg?
Day three of asking wendigoon to do a video on the “protect and survive” public information campaign
People who visited epstein's island iceberg when
Ooooh this is going to be good.
Iceberg boy :)
Yes cryptids!!
Please sir, may we have some more?!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO THANK YOU ICEBURG BOY
YESSSS
Can't wait.  I am so excited and this is exactly what my brain needs after my first grad school semester.
I’m excited for this series. Even more so because it’ll be broken up into parts which makes it more likely for me (personally) to watch AND each upload will be something to look forward to. Don’t get me wrong, I respect the hours long videos and I do watch them. But for a series like this, I think the decision to break it up into different videos will make it even better!
thank you wendigoon
What you do with Bigfoot is you disregard the lame stories and only take into account the cool ones making bigfoot the coolest dude known to man!!
I hope the squonk is on here it's my little pathetic boy
It’s insane how fast this channel grew and now he’s got a podcast with Charlie, so dope
Great tierlist, kraken is a-tier
"mothman is s tier, because otherwise what are we doing," bruh, listen to your own description. mothman is bigfoot but without woods. mothman is cityfied bigfoot.
I was just about to watch someone else’s cryptid iceberg lmao good thing I waited!
Always excited for another iceburg boy video.
Thank you Iceberg boy
thank you pastor
Iceberg boy is back
Bro it's 10 mins in and the list still hasn't started
My personal favourite cryptid will always be the Dogman Of Gödöllő
I need that poster. It must have been sold out when I went to the Mothman Fest. I live about a hour away so I'm gonna have to take another trip.
Is Santa a cryptid?
Everytime he posts I go oooo and instantly start watching
YOOOOOO LETS GO BOIS ANOTHER ICEBERG!🎉🎉
Thank you biblical John wick
Iceberg starts at 10:30
That ain’t no iceberg boy..  Thats a iceberg MAN
This tier list is a disaster, I've seen better in a president AI video
Shame we didn’t get the Squonk yet
Iceberg Boy came through
Iceberg boy is back
Finally embracing the Iceberg Boy bestowed title Only for the one of ones Honored by Mr The Oldest Hugs
People are reportedly still seeing thylacine.
LETS GOOOO!!!!
i missed the iceburgs
The Mothman Prophecies is a great book. The first time I read it, I was quite young and it freaked me out but it was totally worth it! Any way, I hope everyone is having a happy holidays!
YESSSSS
Giants iceberg when
Video starts at 10:00
Jesus Christ the Video starts at 10:30
Video starts at 10:30
Can't wait to see the Vegetable Man of West Virginia
Being an Aussie, I can't let it slide that you said Thylacines came from New Zealand, also that you called them Thylakines 🤮
10:30 to past all the yapping
Aw man, a whole ten minutes before the episode actually begins!
ICEBERG BOY!
YAAAASSSSS!! I've waited 2 years for this!! Let's find out what the "gaint meme" equivalent will be!
2:51 I just realized Wendigoon is reading House of Leaves.
“Until then I’m not gonna doxx the guy without his permission.”
Oh shit November 29th Chrimas? Is this when the local state Wendigoon was born? Do I need to set up a little Wendy in a manger?
YESYESYESYESYES
I'm appreciating the bite-sized chunks with this project.
for the amount of time this took, this video kinda sucked bro.
Mothman in S tier is so silly, outside of the US u never hear about this one. And the kraken is way cooler.
ayoooo return of the Iceberg Boiii
Mold iceberg
dogman looks like a bear tbh
Finally! Iceberg boy!
Thyla-seen, also i didnt see The Bunyip on the list but hopefully its there, i want to hear about Australian cryptids
I thought I was pretty familiar with cryptids but I never heard of the "dogman"
max lucas has a great fiction book about bigfoot!! he makes really interesting scary stories that are also christian you might like it!
Hearing plesiosaur and dinosaur being used interchangeably, and hearing “Thy-lo-kine”. That was painful. I’m glad you did a lot of research and this video is finally out, but a little biology research would go a long way
The 10 minute intro was a bit long tbh but I'm looking forward to this iceberg
Wendigoon: *Posts another iceberg video* Me: "This good, *throws phone on tile floor* Another!"
Bro is NOT beating the iceberg boy allegations
Yes yes yes more more more
Tier 1 starts at 10:35
Dear wendigoon since u are a fan of cryptids i wanted to gift you something. Because i play yugioh theres a collection of cards specifically based on cryptids and i wanted to give u the collection of cards let me know if u are interested ill send to a po box.
10:30 videos start here
So.. how’s that 8 hour WW2 video coming? 😂😂 kidding, great video, can’t wait for the rest.
Iceberg boy back at it again!
Are we assuming Bog Foot is a male?;)
As someone from New Zealand, just a wee heads up. We didn’t have thylacine native to our country. Only main predator we had back in the day was Te Hokioi. Also the pronunciation is like Thigh-la-scene ❤  This video is absolutely amazing and a real early Christmas for cryptid lovers ❤
As an Australian. Thigh-la-seen. Cheers. :)
YESSSSSSSSSSS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSSSS
That dogman pic looks like a black bear to me. Love me some cryptids though. Thanks for your vids bro been watching since 15k subs.
bro gave bigfoot an A but gave what's essentially the aquatic version of big foot a C. that's just crazy
Yay.... Wendigoon uploaded.   Jokes apart seriously I love the way tell stories. I wish I could that myself  as an aspiring youtuber
Nice Video Iceberg-Boy
The Thylacine is a cryptid because people are convinced its still alive and sightings are reported all the time not because its a weird animal.
Shortest Wendigoon video ever 😔
And so, Iceberg Boy sets out on another great adventure
Yo I like your videos man but 10 minutes before getting into it is fucken wild
Anyone else see this and think “FUCK YES.”
Weird bible podcast coming back anytime soon?
We dont actually get talking about the iceberg till around 10 minutes in btdubs (kinda wack)
LETS GOOOOOOO
A new video from you does feel like christmas came early that's not even a joke. Hey i get that champi is just nessie but in America, but why are you saying Yeti is just Bigfoot in the Himalayas? Why isn't it the other way around? Locals in the Himalayas could have had sightings for way longer than you guys. I don't know when the first sighting of each cryptid was reported so i'm just curious
so very handsome as always x
Not gonna lie, i usually enjoy listening to your plugs and sponsorships but this was a lot of preamble and intro for a 35 Minute Video to start at 10:30
I'm not even into cryptids and I've heard of all of these except for skunk ape lol
very excited to see the end of this.
Cant wait for coelacanth, when he said fish in the intro i knew >:3 Edit: 33:31 LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
Wendigoon will cement himself as YouTube’s official iceberg boy after this series
i can’t imagine how many times over this guy is cursed from saying the native word for skin walker so much
The video doesn't actually start until 10:32 🙄😮‍💨
I remember commenting something about a year and a half ago about you needing to do something like this. You replied “just you wait”. I’m glad I waited. 😂😂
阿拉巴马州不是真实的
we won boys 🎉🎉
FInally <3
Looking forward to seeing the rest of this series, I've missed the icebergs so much. Thank you for making these :)
Video starts at 10:31 😑😑😑
Dude. It takes 10 goddamn minutes to start talking about the actual topic of the video? I like you. But come on.
I wish wendigoon was my uncle so I could go camping with him and listen to him talk about cryptids around the fire
Thank you iceberg boy
Why is Mothman so cheeked up
Fucking finally😍😍😍
You are dead my favorite YouTuber thank you for the content, I just finished my biblically accurate angel tattoo thanks to you too👍🏾👍🏾
video starts at 10 min mark
Man I'll be so pumped if he actually manages to stick to his schedule
I might be wierd but the kraken is my favorite cryptid
I think you're gonna need a bigger white board... 😅
Iceberg Boy gunning for the right to become Iceberg Man
It sure if I’ve ever liked a video before watching it but I did today.
32:50 For a brief moment I thought Lauren Coleman was a cryptid and was about to be added to the list.
Wendigoon should talk to Bob Gymlan.
Marshal Ericson likes this.
He needs to make a Wendiberg plushy.
Ily IcebergBoy❤
Starts at 10:30 for my impatient gang 😅
Im just glad we all agree Mothman is S teir. As he should be.
Icebergboy strikes again
Stay for the information, not for the tier list...it's trash
The flash of offense I felt at the loch ness diss. I didn't realize how strongly I felt for Nessie
Not a big deal, but I think an intro lasting 10 MINUTES is a bit too much. Loved the video though
30:48  ...Sounds like an *All American Badass* to me
putting all my favorite cryptids in C tier </3
broooooo respectfully how is 1/3 of this video you talking about the project
Iceberg boy is back
Wendigoon posted another iceberg video. God is good
No way! The Wolpatinger is in this list :D
Thanks daddy
Video starts at 10:00 ffs
I almost think all the big foot varieties could be their own iceberg! 😂
Video starts at 10:30
the jackalope is just the wolpertinger
Didn't dontavious do this a year ago ?
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAH BOOOOOOOOOOY
just like my dad, a year later he provides.
huhuh... *permeated*
Welcome back Iceberg boy
I love whenever you come across a video about something you've been interested in literally since childhood.
oh my god finally lets gooo
HE FINALLY DID IT
love my weird lil occult stuff guy :^)
thats a clean hoodie
That Mothman statue got some booty 😂
ay good work fam, you're doing good.
glad i could start the video 10 minutes in...
I thought in the last like 5-6 years that there was possible sightings of the Thylacine on trail cams in the wild. I could be wrong, but it's been a bit since I looked back into it.
I came early
Dude, the real video starts 10 minutes in. How do people see this as acceptable?
Love these vids man, went on a massive bender and just binge watched all your vids recently, I now have 4 years worth of food in a bunker in my back yard, enough ammo to stock a military base and the feds at my front door. 10/10 would be placed on FBI/CIA watchlist again. (in minecraft)
Is this ranked by bangability
10 minutes before tier one 😭
Can you imagine how blessed his child would be? Like all these videos to watch and on top of that they would be able to talk to the creator and discuss them
Thanks, iceberg boy
I was just playing Disco Elysium and finishing up the Col Do Ma Ma Daqua thought train when I got the notification for this video. This feels like a sign…
My boy is up to 3mil 🎉
Iceberg boy!! In the nicest way possible. 😂
Well well well, looks like Iceberg Boy has made another one
BABE WAKEUP, NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG JUST DROPPED
yessssssss wendigoon video boys
The thylacine is a cryptic because people still believe there are some left in the wild and hunt for them.
Let’s gooo new iceberg. Don’t know as much as some so this should be interesting
10 min intro, I love you man But Pease work on making the intros shorter
I expected any kind of iceberg like this to come from Portland, but Portland Maine… was a surprise. Again. Any Portland would have made this…
You named my daughter after the Lockness Monster?!
Bro has a ten minute intro wtf. Is wrong with you
Glad to see Iceberg-Boy is staying true to his name. Cant wait for the Supercut.
Love your videos. What is your opinion on doing conspiracy theories regarding WW2. There is tons of "aliens", "Occult", "False flags", and other events surrounding that war. See Albert Pike Illuminati plan 1871.
Always love your new posts brother. You're wholesome asf and seeing your growth (not to mention the ring on your finger!) is so dope. Your content is always something I enjoy and you prospering is amazing to see. Keep it up!
My birthday is 2nd December. This is a early birthday gift
Amazing video iceberg Boi. Keep it going.
Thank god Iceberg Boy finally remembered his place
Where is the iceberg boy on this iceberg?
I finally got my hoodie but immediately got a bit of coffee on it 🥲 I’m positive I’ll get it out but still after waiting so long to get it that happens ;-;
And then Iceberg Boy said "Stand back. I'm going to Iceberg" and Iceberged for several weeks.
Isn't the Jackalope just an american Wollpertinger?
10:34 list begins
Long intro, please Take that in mind for the next one, great vid just keep that in mind
I swear he’s mispronouncing “thylacine” on purpose so we comment and boost engagement… and if so I fell for it so jokes on me
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Yippee :3
ty for feeding us
need more cryptids mr. wendigooner
So this is what that cryptid museum tweet was about
Pure fire
Wendigoon entering his sassy phase XD
Video starts at 10:30 not even joking, crazy.
Wendigoon/Isiah idk if you read these at all but I just got back from studying for 11 hours and seeing the the thumbnail alone for the vid made my day
What’s everyone’s favorite cryptid?   Mine is the Kraken bc of Pirates of the Caribbean.
Take 15 minutes to start at 30 minute video.
I couldn't see it on the list, but if it's not there Wendi, I would add 'The Lusca' / 'Blue Holes' to the list. It's a cryptid that I think has a very high chance of being very very real.
I thought jackalopes were real until i was like 20
baba yaga???
Guys need u know Jacobs troubles is coming ( Israel formally declares war against Hamas ) If we christains disappear soon, Your know the Lord has taken us Home!  Now we need prayed for the Jews and to get many people saved as possible   Romans 10:9-13 KJV that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
28:28 wasn’t there a Jackalope in “Monty Python and the Search for the Holy Grail”?
Another banger from iceberg boy
Video starts at 10:02
15:18 “if mothman isn’t S tier then what are we doing here” ah, giving lamp man the respect he deserves
This video/series has saved me from my deep winter depression. Thank you Wendigoon for being the brightest of lights in a dark snowy night
Also 1/3 of this video is intro+ads… little unexpected from you
Ice burg starts at 10:30
Over 10minutes of this 35 minute video is talking about nothing. Getting extremely lazy
Probably won't see this. But it's nice seeing this guy get big. watching his ice berg vids when he had a couple thousand subs to his name, being super excited when seeing it go from 1k subs to 2k to 3k and so on. Watching his vids while playing video games during peak 2020. Really was a treat. Glad he took off. And glad to see he's still in his roots with icebergs too.
jesus bro 11min to start video
Skunk ape and Kraken in same tier hahaha no way..
i remember reading a kids book when i was younger about the jersey devil. i dont remeber much about it having a message along the lines of "dont judge someone for their looks" or something like that. i remember liking it a lot and looking back it was probably my first exposure to crytids
Totally would buy the Ag-1 but $79 a month is wild
Can’t wait for the iceberg of all your intros that take 10 mins before you start. Boom roasted.
Dan Akroyd 🤔
Ok iceberg boy, we get it
Me and the homies love Mothman. Mothman is a real homie.
Can't wait for when it gets completed
Only took half the video to get to the iceberg
Thank you finally
*_Mothman_*  Finaly we get another -vessel- cute funkopop for collecting :)
Can't wait until he talks about Chupacu de Goianinha
10 minutes of intro. Dont waste my timy Bruh
THE ICEBERG BOY TRILOGY CONTINUES!
Babe wake up we wendigoon dropped the cryptid iceberg
THYLA"KINE"!!?????? What the HELL Iceberg Boy!!?? It's Thyla"seen".
Love it continue lol
The iceberg boy is back! :D
For the first 10 minutes of the video is literally all yap just skip the first 10 minutes of the video trust me it is not worth it
I must say this makes me immensely happy. Thanks dad
Yay it's Iceberg boi
colossal claude BETTER be on this list!
these ten minute intros of plugs and prefaces must kill your retention. if they don’t kudos to you. love your vids wendigoob, but can you please give me a time stamp to when you actually start getting into it?
LET'S GOOOO.
Genuinely excited to see this saga begin. Doesnt happen with YouTube videos often for me.
Can you making a gooning iceberg next
29:27 the reason why Mrs. Leeds cursed the 13th child is because she had 12 daughters and no sons. She supposedly said that is the 13th child is a boy, she prayed for god to put the devil in him. He supposedly turned out okay for a few minutes before transforming and killing his mother.
a video to watch over and over for a week? THANK YOU WENDIGOON
Us WY people thank you for you inclusion of our local cryptid in your list and for not giving into the "Wyoming isn't real" joke. As is within my power as a Wyomingite, I shall gift you a Jackalope hunting license.  This permit authorizes 1 Wendigoon to hunt (1) resident Jackalope within the Wyoming borders. Areas of permitted hunting are between elevations of 3099", and 13811" between the hours of 12:13pm and 3:48am, during the felt hat season. Any successful harvest must be reported to the sheriff of the county in which the harvest was taken as well documented on this youtube channel.  Happy hunting. Best of luck.
the iceberg starts at 10:30 :)
I’m excited for this series. But…. When are you going to make a video of your skin care routine?  My wife wants to know. Lol.
sidenote: drop the skincare routine. your skin is so glassy and perfect wtf
Was the first 25% of this video preamble and advertisement?
Good job, Iceberg boy
Congressman Herrera will always be our number 1 B tier
While I think it being a dog is total bs, I can contribute to the chupacobra topic as I believe I saw one years back in a tree. While I don't have definitive proof of what I saw, it was a pitch black night and it was a pair of glowing, blood red eyes. No lightsource whatsoever to reflect light, heck, the moon wasn't even insight that night. That's basically a summarized version but if you'd like I can tell the full story here.
As much as I love all of Wendigoons deep dives and icebergs, i’m insanely curious to know his skincare routine. This man is flawlessly unblemished
Wicked long intro, nearly 10 mins.  I think we know how the iceberg thing works by now 😂
7:35 Feel the power of One sounds like an add for Unity from Rick and Morty. Or a cult
Welcome back, iceberg boy
Thrilled to see my local cryptid, the Jersey Devil, make it into A-tier alongside Bigfoot!
What’s a “snipe hunt?”
Been waiting for this. I just finished other Cryptid Icebergs but it was from Reddit so the list is kinda random.
10 minutes of this video is ads and setting up the premises lol
I've decided I'm making a tier list with you because I love cryptids part 1:  S- Bigfoot, Jersey Devil A- Mothman, Skunk Ape B- Kraken, Champ, Chupacabra C- Yeti, Jackalope D- Loch Ness Monster F- Dogman  * = Never heard of it before this video
In high school we had to do a talk on a historical event, I did the st. valentine's day massacre.. with slides and everything.. I got a reputation after that..
Considering I watched every one of your original conspiracies iceberg. This is a must watch for me. Even at 3am
There have been still been alot of thylacine (thyla-seen) sightings in mainland australia, with one of the more interesting ones being a senior figure at the university of queensland, who said one ran around with dogs in his backyard. However there is a theory relating to a steamboat transporting live thylacine to a zoo in the US, which crashed, letting a breeding pair onto the mainland, which then apparently became the chupacabra. Idk what to believe but its all fun to think about.
I can't wait for the cod zombies lord vid as someone who knows it all I'm curious to see if you talk about just lore or popular stuff in the community aswell
I'm looking forward to hearing about the Kelpie. A horse that leads people to their deaths if they ride it's back? That's something that has always scared me as a kid. That and it's a horse cryptid and I love horses
Where is the bible podcasts
10 minute intro btw
Growing up in WV, ive always had a love for cryptids from constantly hearing about the mothman and the Flatwoods Monster as well as many others. Love the video and excited for more!
I was so scared he was going to do a better help ad read
WOO JERSEY DEVIL W
10m 31s intro for a 36m video is wild
I'll come back to watch this in a year when all the parts are merged into one video
Wendigoon🤝icebergs. Never change.
Thank you, Iceberg Boy
Aw hell yeah, iceberg boy is back with another iceberg video.
Australian here, thylacine is pronounced thigh-la-seen
The kraken thing makes more sense when you remember lads back then were like 4 foot 5
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK‼️
good idea releasing the parts. i prefer that to supercuts, personally :)
Thank you Iceberg Boy
Which layer is the insulindian phasmid on?
Thyla-“seen”
Today is a good day
Yeah! Ice-berg Boy!
You’re the only one getting me through an 8 hour shift staring at a computer screen ❤
Your ranking of el chupacabras made me laugh cuz I’m from Puerto Rico and know a friend who actually had their cattle killed by it, he lives in Ciales, a mountainous area. Anyway I felt patriotic towards a cryptid lmfao
I cannot wait for when the Rougarou gets mentioned eventually
Surprised the Dogman was on this level, its the only one I had never heard of.
My non-native English speaker brain combined chupacabra, capybara, and chewbacca into one thing at a point in my life.
Thanks iceberg boy!
Kraken better be S tier or im gonna cry
“I’m not gonna dox him without his permission, cause that’d be kinda rude”  Coincidence? I think NOT  But maybe
I can't wait for the rest of the cryptid iceberg. Perhaps that's only me, but the sound quality in this video seems tobe significantly lower, maybe you could do sth with that?
mr. wendigoon thank you for putting monthman in S, he's quite the goat in the cryptidverse.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR YEARS.  Literally since you mentioned in the iceberg iceberg video you said you’d do a cryptid iceberg SOON and that was FOREVER AGO   LETS GOOO
iceberg boy is back!
Thylacine has never been in new zealand most mammals aren't even native to New zealand. only 2 are native and they are poth small bats species
you should look into the treause hunting book "the secret"
Can we get a link to the iceberg?
thank u wendi
I really hope we dont get 1/3 of the video being intro sponsor and explanation before we get any actual content
YES
Qeue iceberg boy memes?
ICEBERG BOY IS BACKKKK
It has begun. Sound the trumpets!
MY HOODIE CAME IN TODAY!!! 10/10 quality loved to see you wearing it too
Man put the Kraken in B-Tier. The g-damn Kraken! The symbol for our fear of the dephts, the unknown. The fact that it is the most likely cryptid to actually exist at some point elevates it even higher. The idea that despite our awesome technology we still might have colossal prehistoric horrors roaming the world unbeknownst to us is terrifying.  Still great video as always. I put it in B-Tier.
can't wait for Isaiah to rant about giants again
How dare you treat us so well!
WE ARE SO FKING BACK
Please cover the australian drop bear cryptid
Can this be 6 hours long
Video starts at 10:30
Preamble go crazy, get that bag tho.
iceberg boy is back at it
The iceberg boy is back
I live in Kentucky less than an hour from Point Pleasant, WV.  Mothman is S tier, im not at all biased.
Does anyone else kind of think of unicorns as medieval cryptids? Theyre not really rooted in legend like dragons or griffins, which kind of makes them seem like something medieval people just imagined.
YES!!!
I love that Dan Akroyd is at the bottom of this berg
This ruined NNN for me. And i was one day from retirement
The mention of the "dogman" makes me hope you'll mention the "cynocephali" or "dog heads." They were like a cryptid of the ancient world, and while they were kind of plain in their appearance, just men with dogs' heads, they were interesting in that they sparked a lot of philosophical and theological discussions. Also, there's literally a saint who was thought to be a cynocephalus, Saint Christopher.
Hey Do some about the Down Under cripteds, we got the Bunyip, Drop Bears, the Woggle, hell even Croc Dundee was based on a Guy that went on the run and had a meth fueled chase and shoot out in the out back for over a month LOL
My sweater came in! I love it! It's so cool and made with such great craftsmanship 😊
Give me the rest of it now im needy
I have never been particularly into cryptids but this is interesting, will definitely watch the entire thing
Something that scared me as a child is the "niña perro"  not sure if its widespread or just my small mexican town but when i got my grandparents newspaper and open the first page, the picture scared me and made my friends cry
Thank you iceberg boy
YIIIIIPPPIIIIIEEEEE
ICEBERG BOI BACK AT IT AGIN WITH A NEW ICEBERG!!! 💕💖💕💖
I'm so excited for the rest of tbe tort list!
Yes!!! I am so excited for this. Much love from the UK!
Thanks goon
Umm you are going to want to research dogman a little better or are you mistakenly thinking of a werewolf. Because actually thinking about it now it doesn't matter what one your referring too as both have ties far back in time and could most likely be traced back to a race of dog faced people that supposedly traded with human beings the spices the harvested as it was good I'm guessing. But you gave Bigfoot S level when dogman and Bigfoot are seen as enemies so an s level creatures enemy better hit S level not shit C level.
Iceberg boy in his natural habitat 😂
Hey a 10 hour Christmas Day or New Years Day Cryptid Iceberg video would go hard regardless
Smokin a fatty to this
I appreciate this iceberg boy.
Oh yeah, it begins now!!!!!  Love ya brother!
Gear up. Another iceberg with our goonfriend.
Congrats on your engagement Goon. What did your Dad, Brandon Herrera say when you told him 🤣🤣🤣 just jokes dude, tho ya could do a lot worse than the AK guy :)
You forgot to talk about Joe💔
another banger from iceberg boy
Been waiting on this series for so long, super hype that it's finally here!! Can't wait for the rest
20:04 I'm sorry Wendigoon I'm gonna be that guy, but know I'm sure you probs hadn't heard of it before making this video. The Tasmanian tiger's name is pronounced "th-eye-la-SEEN" rather than "th-eye-la-KINE" Sorry bro still love you tho 😊
Can we just add a subtext that says "none of these creatures are real" .. because we don't need u year olds finding this video and thinking bigfoot exists
Babe, wake up!! A new Wendigoon Iceberg just dropped 🗣️
U just know that Giants will be an automatic S Tier
Love your content, but just to let you know as an Aussie it's  pronounced Thigh-la-seen (Thylacine) . Thanks for having it included and thank you for your content. But I just wanted to let you know how it's pronounced from where it's from. It's also debated on if it's still alive or not also having people state there was sitings years after it being reported extinct. Also there was unknown paw prints found in the forest of Tassie that were sent off and identified as thylacine paw prints. People think they are currently living in a hard to get to part of Tassie forrest. And thus explains the sittings and why people can't just find them easy. If this all makes sense. Just some stuff I heard from my partner who grew up in Tassie.
Iceberg boy made me come early.
10 minute intro is crazy. The video starts at 10:33 for anyone who doesn’t like to waste time
I lived in Eastern Tennessee for a while when I was young, and I distinctly remember a bunch of cryptid people coming from all over the place to swarm that town to look for the skunk ape, so it was weird to hear it has its roots in the Everglades. I guess the skunk ape likes to take his vacations in the Smoky Mountains!
Thank you for this gift iceberg boy, could we perhaps get a tierlist (or iceberg) of icebergs.?
Kinda like this iceberg/tier list hybrid.
Ive fallen in love with all things wendigoon ❤....but started following years ago for scp vids.  We ever gonna get anything related to that again? Not a complaint, never seen a dull wendigoon vid! Just asking 😊
Also you fuckin spelled Loren Coleman wrong
More more more more
Hear me out, would it be possible to have a part up on December 11th? That’s my birthday and it would be the coolest thing to have another part to watch of this series. I’ve been watching your stuff since 80k and it’s been awesome watching you grow dude!!
Been moving icebergs are getting me through it. 40 plus hours allready
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Correction - the Thylacine was not native to New Zealand nor was it ever in the country. I think you meant to say New Guinea.
wooohooo new video
Video starts at 10:30 mark
who else also learned cryptozoology trivia from Disco Elysium?
rejoice
I'm scared
Can’t wait to see where I fall on the Iceburg, and how you feel about my music
10 minutes of pointless intro, and then:  “Sasquatch”
Cant wait for the 17 hour video thatll be at the end of this series
Ive been sick for the past 3 days, ive felt like I was dying. Glad i can watch iceberg boy do his iceberg things.
dope video ! really like your stuff! keep on keeping on!
Champie is actually peak because Monster Hunter had a cgi champie that went on land and scooted with its flippers and it was so goofy
10:30 video begins
this is the best christmas gift
I love cryptids!! Justice for Nessie!!!
THE RETURN OF ICEBERG BOY
Sorry wendigoon but this intro was waaaayy longer than what you usually put out!! Not upset but hopefully this is taken as a healthy criticism. I still love your content 101% ❤❤
FINALLY IT'S HEREEEEEEEE
Just a note – – and as someone who comes at this throne, the skeptical end of things – – I believe that the reason theThylacine and the coelacanth are included is because despite being identified species, they are not currently found in the wild, and does the question of their existence remains open. The same almost certainly applies to the Lewis and Clark expedition discoveries in some fraction – – not necessarily so much for existence, but for identification with existing species
Missed you king 😢
10:25
Just to clarify with the Thylacine (pronouced thigh-la-seen btw), the reason it gets mentioned in the cryptid world is because they were hunted into extinction in Tasmania, however due to the dense and mountainous wilderness people claim they are still out in the wild. There have been rumours of wild sightings in Tasmania for decades, but they've never been proven
the vid starts at 9:56... which is fucking ridiculous
Also, you should partner with Huggbees on this. That would be glorious
i'm sorry dan akroyd?
Iceberg start- 10:25
10 min intro is insane
10 minute intro is wild lmao
Omg iceberg! Aww it's not 5 hours long 😢
wendigoon is so real, in 6th grade we had to make a presentation about something historical and i did the bermuda triangle lmao
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
It starts at 12:40 mins
Finally
Video starts at 10:30... I don't mind your intros wendi but that one was a doozie.
Skunk ape museum ROCKS
wendigoon how long do you usually goon for?
I haven't finished the vid yet but i think you forgot to rank the kraken
nessie deserves the highest of tiers, without her we wouldn’t have “you named my daughter after the lochness monsterrrrr”
ICEBERG BOY TIME LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Thanks iceberg boy!
The Skeleton in the Ken shirt!!!
Cryptids are so interesting but I feel like I don’t know enough about them so I can’t wait for this series
Bigfoot 🤝 ted kaczynski Using violence to defend nature
Iceberg/Tier list begins @ 10:30
iceberg boy new content whew~
Iceberg boy is back!!!
Iceberg boy is back lets gooooo
Maybe Dogman is at Dog Lady Island
Way too long of an intro get to the topics quicker
New Wendigoon iceberg drops, I become insufferable for weeks. It is time.
Your lack of appreciation for aquatic cryptids disappoints me. But hey, you do you bud.
The video starts at 9:50
Another win for Wyoming 🎉
20:12 sorry to be nitpicky, but the Thylacine or Tasmanian Tiger never lived in New Zealand. Rather, it lived on Mainland Australia, Tasmania and some islands of Papua New Guinea, which I think you mixed up with New Zealand.
Why did you do nessy so dirty? She's the number 1 cryptid, my s tier ez
A Wendigoon video, greatest birthday present ever
It’s here
Thanks man 👍
There were 2 photos of the skunk ape with different positions
Well my dopamine levels are rising….so that means I clicked on a wendigoon video hmmmm Interesting must evaluate this video further for more dopamine
Oh fuck yeah babe new wendigoon drop
Yes!!! I love cryptids ever since a kid i found a book on them in my local library
I wonder which one is real
Dogman? Why not werewolf in the top tier? Does it not count? Also I feel like the Loveland frogman is more well known than the dogman? But I’m also from there so idk
iceberg boy back at it huh
Iceberg boy back with another banger 💯
10 minutes before the video actually starts is insane man. Plug all your shit on the community tab or make separate videos please.
Can't wait for my boy the Tsuchinoko to make his appearance
Hearing wendi say "my wife" makes me so happy 😭
I commented on a Wendigoon video on the first day of release. My life is complete
missing in alaska i think it was did an episode on some sort of chimp like thing that was tree dwelling, would block trails and funnel hikers into kill zones and hunt them. they obviously did a better job explaining. but those things always stuck with me because if chimps learned to hunt like primitive humans, thats what they described
My dad's a crptid
omg i jsut startred the video and i am so excited rn
Im excited for the rest of this
WOOOO LETS GOOO
Hell yes
Bruh where’s the cod timeline video
Wonder if the Insulindian Phasmid made it in the iceberg 🤔
Just visited Tennessee and now I’m driving home in the dark listening to this. Feels good knowing any of these could be out there. Also, tried magic spoon for the first time this week. Absolutely delicious
A fun fact about the Coelacanth, we knew that it existed, fishermen had seen him, but it took 100 years before we actually got one out of the water
He took one sip of AG1 and threw that shit away 😂
Champie was in Mario64 dude.. for that alone he deserves better
Lol. Gonna get the business from everyone for that shit pronunciation of Thylacine. Great vid man.
30:00 I also wrote a paper in school discussing the existence of the Jersey Devil, and I was pretty proud of that paper. I'm glad you think this one's cool, as it's always been one of my favorites. Also shoutout to Poptropica for having a cryptid island that got me interested in all this stuff.
Yet another certified wendigoon classic, keep ‘em coming iceberg boy 😘
But when are you going to talk about giants????? :c
You saved me
It's great to see Iceberg boy in his natural habitat
As some one who got into cryptids later in life, I'm so excited to learn about them from you, Windigoon, thank you so much for all that you do.
New iceberg video, let's go
10:20 when the vid actually starts
Omg omg omg omg omg omg
Growing up, my middle school (or maybe it was elementary school?) had a book on American cryptids, so I should have a decent knowledge about like, Skunk Ape, the Jersey Devil, shit like that but I'm excited to possible learn about more of them around the world.   I mean, that and I could listen to you talk about napkins for a multi-episode, 3+ hour a piece series and be happy so...
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
2;40 there are rumors and stories of the thylacine still existing in the tasmanian wilderness, hence why it can be considered a cryptid by the author.
Ag1 is expensive yo
@wendigoon you would love haunted cosmos
Man Wendigoon you need to work on pacing,video doesn't start till like 10 minutes in pffff
As a Mainer, the museum is pretty cool. That being said, don't come to Maine. We have enough yuppie flatlanders that don't belong here.
10:30 - The video actually starts
in the middle of dead week (finals) right now AND i’ve fallen into the ’stare at your ceiling’ type of despressive episode— 30 minutes of silly silly ice berg boy makes up for it. thank you wendigoon.
Iceberg Boy is living up to his name
thylacine is on the list because people allege it's still alive. Your definition of cryptid is incorrect if you don't classify thylacine as a cryptid
Let’s goooo
16:24 the third monster in that looks more like the Flatwoods monster to me. Which would make sense being from the West Virginia and the poster having come from the Mothman museum
11 minute intro.. at least try to make the video longer man people want the iceberg not some crap about how you made another iceberg 6 months ago
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I love cryptids
another wendigoon BANGER
Goated
No joke I own that exact same Bigfoot statue that was first shown lol
so happy this came out on my birthday!
YES THE CRYPTIDS
9:51 it starts
Mothman is not part moth though. The original description make it out to be a giant owl creature and only got the name "Mothman" due to some Batman villain at the time.
Words are kept in time
YIPPEEE ICEBURG BOY POSTED!!!
Hell yeah! Iceberg Boy is at it again!
YES YES YES NEW ICEBERG VIDEO YES
he was made for this iceberg
It starts at 10 min
Video starts at 10:30
This is the only advent calendar I need
Another Wendigoon classic
Cmon cryptid boy post part 2
The goon is back!!
ten and a half minutes of this half hour video was intro and an ad. kinda disappointed, as this is a long overdue piece of content from someone named after a cryptid. especially since I like the wendigoon style for this kind of content. feeling kinda robbed.
A new Iceberg video from ICEBERG Boy!
eh. meh. it's background noise? rather a 30 min vid on each. but what the fuck do i know
I love how the bottom tier has all the weirdest monsters and then just  Dan Akroyd
longest intro ever
Iceberg Boy is back in full force, HELL YEAH!
your iceberg videos keep me sane
YESSSSSS
Love you dude, but it’s “THYLA-SEEN”
Welcome back iceberg boy!
Based and pilled. Thank you crypted man.
why dont B for Big foot
I am absolutely obsessed with cryptids and not many people make videos about non popular ones so I’m constantly running out of cryptid videos to consume, I’m so excited for the series it’s gonna become my whole personality
After 10 minutes of intro I thought this was a April fools video where the video never actually starts 😂
Jersey devil has always been the weakest for me as, when you look into it, it is so obviously people making shit up to make other people look bad. not even for attention or the fun of it.
Wendi has another iceberg/tier list for us?! Christmas came a lot early this year! But Jackalope is S Tier, you're just mad cause you never bagged one
Me waiting for the next episode cause his iceberg videos are top tier
Thylacine never lived in New Zealand! The only mammals native to New Zealand are bats! There was a collector in New Zealand who owned a Thylacine pelt, but he bought it in Australia
Fun fact about about the loch ness monster, it one time came up to me and asked for about tree fiddy. I said i aint got no tree fiddy.
As a fellow west Virginian who had punched the mothman statue, I approve of this list.
I thought that jackalopes were a real thing for most of my life. If I didn't come across it while researching monsters I would probably still think it was a thing.
I'll forgive the placement of the Chupacabra in light of the placement of the Mothman...
Thylacine is still alive, they're classified extinct due to the restrictions that an endangered species would put on the logging industry. See Forrest Galante. N/A tier is disrespectful :'(
My boy got that getting made into an honest man ever day glow going on 🎉😂 happy marriage for eternity my sweet sweet iceberg MAN
The mothman stole my catalytic converter in Point Pleasant, W.V.
DO WE HSVE THOSE HOODIES IN GREEN
The Portland Cryptozoology Museum is amazing. Loren Coleman is a chill guy to talk to.
doesn't start for like 10 minutes 30 seconds ish
Why are you uploading more icebergs , iceberg boy?
I’ve never been this mad at an intro TEN MINUTES I’m honestly mad that he didn’t tell us when it started or at least put all the ads at the end
Ngl the 9 hour conspiracy theory video was the first video of yours I saw
I’m sorry wendigoon but it took 10 and a half minutes for this video to start
Bro spent 10 min on an intro and ad. That is, ~insane~.
*JESUS CHRIST* is *LORD GOD HE* IS RISEN *HE* LOVES YOU *HE* DIED FOR YOUR SINS AND ROSE AGAIN!! Get saved, don't get left behind. But if you do get left behind and don't get saved by rejecting CHRIST, then reject the mark of the beast and die for your faith in The RISEN LORD GOD KING JESUS CHRIST and your testimony of Him in JESUS Name Amen. Only GOD is good and THE RISEN LORD JESUS CHRIST IS GOD my friends.. Our true selves are found in CHRIST alone and only in CHRIST is your true identity discovered. Get saved today, right here, right now, things are heating up in Israel that we stand with Israel because we stand with the Sovreign Loving Living RISEN LORD GOD KING JESUS CHRIST Whom is coming back very very very soon all!!!! Friends, this is the most urgent and important message of your entire life: KING JESUS CHRIST is LORD GOD, the way, the truth, and the life and He died for your sins and rose again so you can be saved believing on Him and what He did for you on that Cross at Calvary!! I stand with Israel because GOD stands with Israel and Israel is GOD'S Chosen Nation in JESUS MIGHTY NAME AMEN but pray for both sides because that's the CHRIST-like thing to do and both sides need salvation which is found only in The LORD JESUS CHRIST alone!! Get saved by trusting in the way, the truth, and the life The LORD JESUS CHRIST and what He did for you on the Cross at Calvary! JESUS CHRIST IS LORD the only way to GOD! The Sovreign Loving LORD GOD KING JESUS CHRIST loves you so much that He died for your sins on a Cross and rose again, that's how much He loves you, yes, YOU reading this! He was flogged, His beard was plucked out, He was mocked, spit on, beaten, tortured, heartbroken beyond human comprehension, and eventually He gave up His own life on that Cross at Calvary and rose again 3 days later.. Just so you and I and whosoever believeth in Him shall be save so we can be with Him forever in His Kingdom! O how there isn't a greater form of love than this! ✝️💖🥹 Dear *HEAVENLY FATHER GOD* in *JESUS* MIGHTY NAME I pray that You bless and save whoever reads and believes Your Gospel through Your Son and our LORD The RISEN LORD GOD KING JESUS CHRIST!! *KING JESUS CHRIST* IS *LORD GOD* THE WAY, THE TRUTH, AND THE LIFE AND *HE* IS RISEN *HE* LOVES YOU SO MUCH THAT *HE* DIED FOR YOUR SINS AND ROSE AGAIN!!! Sudden destruction has fallen upon Israel just as prophesied in the Book Of Isaiah before the Rapture, JESUS CHRIST is coming to Rapture us whom belong to Him, whosoever accepts Him as personal genuine LORD and SAVIOUR shall be saved and Raptured. JESUS loves you and I love you <3 John 3:16 (KJV) - 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  John 14:6 (KJV) - 6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  Romans 10:9-10 (KJV) - 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.  Ephesians 2:8-9 (KJV) - 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: 9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Romans 6:23 (KJV) - 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.  Romans 5:6-8 (KJV) - 6 For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. 7 For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die. 8 But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.  KING JESUS CHRIST YESHUA HAMASHIACH IS LORD GOD, THE WAY, THE TRUTH, AND THE LIFE, THE MESSIAH, THE RESSURECTION AND HE IS RISEN!! ✝️👑🦁🩸🇮🇱💪🏼💖💯🔥🙏🏻💗  Until Israel and Palestine both along with all nations turn to the truth and realize that truth is The LORD JESUS CHRIST whom Is Risen, there can never be peace. Pray for both sides as CHRIST does and love innocents involved on both sides as CHRIST does, but stand with Israel as CHRIST does and know GOD'S Hand is upon Israel and Israel is GOD'S Chosen Nation and the Land belongs to CHRIST In JESUS Name Amen!!
Wendiboy can you please do a Lesser Key Of Solomon Video i know you’re scared of doing it but i’m scared too and can’t go thru it by myself😭
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
The only thinG I Don’t like about this uploaD is it’s not 10 hours lonG lol
my favourite youtuber is back with a banger
Ok iceberg boy
WOOOO YEAH ICEBERG BOY DOIN HIS THING
Great Start to what will no doubt be a great series. I love the videos you make and enjoy many of the same concept as you. You also got me into the Mandela Catalogue. A new series called Angel Hare recently came out. It has a lot in common with Mandela Catalogue and I think you would love it. Although I'm pretty sure you will discover it soon anyway.
Great video, as always. Would you consider doing one on Atlantis and all the therioes pls that would be rad
What if bigfoot migrates and his fur turns white in the snow like rabbits i have solved the case
This looks like a scam like Julian from trailer park boys would run
more crime vids
So as a kid (maybe 10-12) when on my grandparents farm, I went hunting with my cousin and his dad, we drove around in a truck and shot out of the window when we saw something. I SWEAR, I saw a Jackalope. A jackrabbit with antlers, my cousin shot at it but missed, and it skittered into the brush. I am 26 now, and until I saw this video I never ever questioned a rabbit with antlers because I swear I saw one that one time
"Do the thing"  Wendigoon sighs "iceberg "
Has anybody here actually tried AG1?
Did anyone else catch the slight jab at Sssniperwolf in the beginning lmaooo
This is gonna be good.   Thank you and you're welcome.
10:27
Thank you for this blessing
you look beautiful iceberg boy, wife is lucky
iceberg boy is back lets gooooo
Can we get a “chop chop iceberg boy”
35 minute video with 11 minutes worth of intro. Please for the love of god…
oh hot dog I love this video my day was made I will sacrifice any amount of people you want name it I swear on my ma memaw
Finally! The weird but cool rambling we have all been waiting!
Just Skip the first 10mins people
I pray to the dark gods that the Churubusco Monster (AKA “the Beast of Busco” or just “Busco” to us Hoosiers) is on this list.
The Yeti, also known as, Alolan Bigfoot
I miss the Sunday school videos quite frankly I am not even Christian
As a young kid the loch Ness monster was my favorite by far, my uncle had a great story of one like it while he was duck hunting in Florida.  I used to go on google earth during school and try to find it.   I also read a bunch of books on it.  One legend of loch Ness I found had to do with finding a Nautilus washed up on shore.  Since then ive always liked the theory of prehistoric creatures getting trapped in bodies of water, similar to how humans got to America.  Anyways quite sad to see the loch ness monster so down on the list alongside a mangy coyote.
Ngl ive never heard of someone saying cryptid before.  Its a monster lol
Jesus Christ, the video doesn’t start for 10 and 30 seconds that’s actually absurd. Almost a third of this video is just self promotion and him talking about his shitty release schedule, get to the point dude.
Thank you Iceberg Boy, very cool
10:30  You'll thank me later.
the soy  in ag1 is stealing wendigoons soul
Excellent video, but, as an Australian I feel the need to make a few corrections about the Thylacine. Firstly, it’s pronounced “Thylaseen” secondly, the Thylacine is likely on the list, not because it’s a weird extinct animal, but because after it’s extinction there were many sightings of the creature, and even today many people still believe that there are some out there still. But aside from that, great video!
WENDI!!!
Mothman is a total chad
are jesus and loki and cerburus etc cryptids?
Those first 10 mins really drug on eh
Iceberg boy back at it again with another banger. Thx wendigoon
YESSSS, Thank you Wendidaddy =3
thank you 4 releasing this video just in time for me to neglect studying for finals <33
@Wendigoon , your content is among my favorite and this video is great. Can you make the next video, or following, creating the tier list as a closer? It might be a fun treat for those who make it to the end!
Thank you Iceburg Boy
FUCK YEA!!!!
YEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH LEZ GOOOOOOO
YEEEEAAAAAAAAH
An entire 1/3 of the video Ad Ad Ad Ad Ad
Spend a few hours watching Bob Gymlan videos and Sasquatches will move to S-Tier
I like how the internet collectively decided to call Wendi Iceberg Boy, the most honorable title ever
Babe wake up new wendigoon iceberg video just dropped
Finally omgogmggmgm
This guy's content is absolutely amazing I could watch this all day and night
When you got to moth man I got so worried you didn’t know how awesome he is but thank god you put him at s tier and thanks for this series you made my week thanks
Damn great @theweeks shirt
do you really think i can wait wendigoon 😢
duuude we are all super hyyped! lettsssgooooooooooooo
12:45 is that fucking Jar Jar Binks?
Goofy ahh comment to boost this vid in the algorithm
FATHER IS FEEDING US!!!!
I love how when he promotes ag1 and drinks it in the add he goes "it... Tastes just fine" 😂
Thylacine is pronounced "Thy-la-seen", good explanation though. They're officially extinct, however a fair chunk of our island is untouched by humans, so it is theorised that there may be Tasmanian Tigers still around.
finally our iceberg boy is back
0:30 I picked out some of the more obscure cryptids towards the bottom of the iceburg and attempted to research a few of them. Boy they are at the bottom for a reason. There's almost no info about the few I picked out. Can't wait to hear what you could dig up down there!
I kinda lost my interest when he talked about the thylacine lol, and not saying anythign about its human induced extinction and its sightings and the possibility of it still being alive, kinda shitty
Lmfao i actually had heard of the sea serpent/whale penis one before and had forgotten all about it 😂
Let’s go the tier list was a great addition
Holy shit the production value. New camera?
Ngl, the Dogman just sounds like someone in a fursuit
cryptid video advent calendar
Our little rural grocery store has a mounted Jackalope.
Joy to the world, the goon is come!
Video starts at 10:30 lol
As someone who grew up on lake Champlain I’m really surprised and happy to see Champ mentioned so early on. I didn’t really think it was that popular.  Edit: I personally choose to believe there is a family who has been running a Scooby doo villain scheme on the lake for 200 years now.
Thy-la-SEEn.  Sorry, couldn't help it. Australia loves you
Babe wake up, Iceberg boy made a new iceberg.
Ok, haven't seen anything yet. But im fearful of wendigoon mentioning any australian cryptids, cus a lot of them claim to be part of indigenous folklore but are just outright not. Its a bit of a sensitive topic that normally gets treated with little regard due to the international gimik of Australia.
Only fans!
That Poptropica Jersey Devil jumpscare was lethal back then bro
0:51 Why is Dan Akroyd’s crystal skull nonsense at the bottom? 💀
i like your corvette logo on the left, keep doing videos ur verry good :)
looooved this, cant wait to see where it goes 🥰 Hahahah i half expected the GG outro music to play after the BAH 🤣
Missed you, Wendy. Good to see you back.
Down the rabbit hole we go
Video starts at 10:30
Just put in for a jackalope tag for next year! Must be harvested on March 32 while crosseyed with a 13 gauge rifle. Pretty sure 2024 will be my year. Wish me luck!
man, seeing wendigoon go from a couple thousand subs just starting the conspiracy theory iceberg all the way to 3.26m subs, multiple collabs, AND the cryptid iceberg is just insane lmao. keep up the great work bro we're 100% here for it
I don't hate it! Please don't do something else!
oh come on isaiah
I love nessie so so much pages my favorite cryptid ever and I’ll stand by her till the end of time!!!! There’s a reason she won the cryptid splatfest in splatoon 3!!!!!!!!! NESSIE FOREVERRRRR
A bit of a nitpick, but the Halq'eméylem name for the sasquatch (sasq'ets) would be pronounced with an ejective "q' " rather than a "qw". That being said, I'm not a member of the Stó:lō people, but I am studying the language at university. Still, loved the video!
the tale of the jackalope is so funny... imagine being in a town where you all were in on a joke and you fooled visitors into believing it.  also as a former dinosaur kid I am a bit disappointed that Nessie and Champie are put so low on the tier list but I can accept it.
Iceberg boy strikes again!
21:58 he’s only lived for a month?
Why did you stop the Bible series man
Fuckin samsquantch
Hold up this is how i find out jackalopes aint real
Hey man I’m down for shorter form more frequent content, I do love putting on a 3 hour video to go to sleep, but as long as the videos are compiled into a playlist, no sweat off my back. Having like, for other topics, 6 parts each half an hour that would have been a 3 hour video not only gives y’all a bit of a break, it lets you get more engagement, and make more money! And if it’s gotta be like that so homeboy can make some more bread for that fine family you’re starting, go for it my friend. Also, great outro music!
Did Wendigoon say he was working on a serial killer iceberg supercut?
THE TRUE ICEBERG BOY IS BACK LETS GOOO‼️‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Aw man do I watch it now or wait until its finished!?  ...both!
Thank you for giving me something to look forward to over the coming weeks. You're truly the goat, Iceberg Boy.
Honestly a bit surprised you didn’t bring up the Gable Film when talking about the Michigan Dog Man.
Great vid, only complaint… it took 10 mins for the vid to start…
Oh boy we eating good this Christmas
Just the mood booster I needed, thank the giants
we're so back
I also have an I am Kenough hoodie
I love your content and now that you are diving into more podcast content I think it’s a good idea to upgrade your mic so you match the quality of your other hosts <3
Awesome i love it when Wendigoons covers monster and things that go bump in the night
10:00 lmao ger on with it dude
Icebergs are back on the menu boys
You’re the best!!!!  Keep up the great work!!
You truly made my merry November Tuesday wish come true.
So you’ve heard of iceberg lettuce, now we need a lettuce iceberg
Bifgoot is a default crytid
Oh hellll yeah baby
Bout time we got another one of these iceberg boy
I used to live in a small town at the base of Mt Saint Helens in Washington and knew the family that made a shit load of money on the bigfoot myth because they were messing with reporters, they spent a couple of days walking around logging sites with wooden planks on the bottom of their shoes
The jackalope Sounds like the german (south german) wolpertinger. So not so american as you thik :>
Jackalope should've been A but otherwise perfect video, love this ready for the rest of it. YES.
ur content is a huge inspo to me and why i want to make cryptid content in the future! making a mothman plushie now >:3
I'm so excited for the last tier. I'm still recovering from a giggle fit seeing Dan Aykroyd at the bottom is so funny to me. I don't know how else he added to cryptids. I AM SO UNBELIEVABLE EXCITED!!
Always watching every time you upload love the videos!
Always watching every time you upload love the videos!
There’s a part in a Poptropica game where the jersey devil jump scares you by peaking through a window and it GOT me as a kid, so I love the jersey devil💖
Eyy iceberg boy is back
Where the INSULINDIAN PHASMID at
You know it's gonna be a good one when the intro is 10 minutes long
Put some sound proof foam up
Hoodie has arrived, new Iceberg video, Life is good.
Don’t kill this iceberg like you did the conspiracy one SMH taking damn near 11 months to finish the other 5 tiers was not a good idea
Wendigoon almost lost all credibility as a non credible source if Mothman was not S tier.
I'm sorry but 10 MINUTES BEFORE STARTING??? that is insane..
11 minutes to get to the first part. insane
im so excited to see you do a new iceberg. i would like however for you to spend more time going into detail about each thing on the list rather than ranking them
Wait when does the video actually start
Poob must have had a hand...
It's always great to see a new iceberg being covered here! I can't wait for my man the Cadborosaurus to show up!
Letssss gooo GIANTSSSSS
I missed this soundtrack!
10:34 heads up this is when the iceberg starts
I think I should put magic spoon in my ag1.
20:50 FUN FACT: Biologists working for a company called “Colossal Biosciences” are currently working on the process of De-Extinction of not only the Thylacine, but also Woolly Mammoths :)
10 minutes and the video hasn’t started yet
Thallah kine
WOO HOO another iceberg series I started watching you from the disturbing movie iceberg and have watched you grow ever since. i love it here and i can't wait for more!
thylacine 😭
10 MINUTE INTRO? SO DUMB
Ahhh a classic Wendigoon iceberg video. What a pleasant surprise to end a supremely terrible day.
Iceberg boy is back
The scariest part about this is the “Begins” in the title
Lesgoooooooooooooooooo
I believe the Thylacine is on the iceberg because of ongoing sightings of wild specimens
Hey! Idk if you know about these guys but theyre called the three idiots, and Dotodoya is one of them. They all did something similar where they just uploaded a supercut and it was very well received. Hopefully you get to same sort of support there man
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAUGGGGGHHHH!!!
THANK YOU ICEBERG BOY FOR THIS MEAL
Yessss Iceberg Boy in his natural habitat!!
The new jersey devil should be S tier because its the only cryptid that can play hockey
The iceberg boy doing his job
Christ, am I not going to be able to watch these? Are you going to mispronounce “zoology” in every video? F…
I just want to say... thank you for the awesome content!
Bro, I don’t want to hear a word about generosity when it comes to watching anything you put out. You’ve earned the viewership. This isn’t charity. This is respect that you developed through hours of effort to entertain us.
Dogman is almost definitely a Tulpa
thanks baby girl
I reslly thought Papa Goon was about to explain why Lauren Coleman was a cryptid for a second
good video
The intro is kinda unnecessarily long 💀😂
MOTHMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YEEAA ICEBERG BOY IS BACK LETS GOOOO
i watch your ads for you, you're welcome love the content.
Wendigoon despite being a fan of grey lock cannot see that the dog man is clearly a tulpa
I am sooo happy you mentioned dogman! Been obsessed with that one since forever
The jackalope starting from a Cowboy who just wanted to do a bit of trolling is hilarious to me 😂
It's my birthday today? No. But do I feel like it's my birthday today? HELL YEEAAH! 😁❤🥳
When you said wife it threw me off, I guess I haven’t been keeping up! Congrats man!
Ice berg boy really hit him like that
Unironically was watching the conspiracy iceberg earlier and got to that part and searched to see if you made that vid to see no results.... And now here it is
I've been to that museum its pretty great
Thank god for mothman S tier
Excited to rewatch all these in the 7 hour supercut.
Maried goon has blessed us with another iceburg
The lovechild of Metatron and Armoured Sceptic or something like that
Iceberg starts at 10:33
It would be super cool to get some more religion based lore like the angels video. You did an awesome job handling that one and I hope to see some more of that someday
wendigoon the kinda guy to do a podcast with turkey tom
What if the Jersey Devil turns out to of been the Anti-Christ…
where do you live 😁😁😁
Can’t wait for the deeper, stranger, more obscure stuff!
Mrs Wendigoon touched mothman’s butt for all of us who can’t 🫡
This is already my favorite iceberg thus far. Christmas has indeed come early, thanks Dad!
my 5th grade (i think?) teacher quit teaching to be in a show on animal planet about bigfoot. he also has a pretty cool bigfoot museum in oregon so it always makes me smile a bit to hear anything relating to big foot. edit: ayyyy his show got mentioned at the end!
putting THE KRACKEN in the same tier as stinky bigfoot is fucking insane
I haven't watched the full video on this to see if it's there, but if not, you should include walking sam. It's one of the most depressing cryptids I've ever heard of. It's apparently a Slenderman-esque figure dressed in a stovepipe hat that walks the land of Pine Ridge and other reservations in South Dakota, convincing youths to take their own lives, as these reservations have very very high youth sewerslide rates
Forest gallant discovered a thylocine
Discovered you from your iceberg videos and i am so pumped for this new iceberg series thank you for entertaining us!
YEEEEEESSSSS WAITED  SOO MUCH FOR THIS ICEBERG... LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like hearing about kind cryptids, they are like your weird kind classmate who sit in the middle row of a class and doesn't understand the social ques
Thank you Iceberg boy!
Arguably nicest man alive
As a Elite Dangerous long term player this video had plenty of depth
3:17 "...for someone whose Youtube channel is named after a cryptid..."  The Wendigo is not a cryptid. How do you not know that by now?
Yes please.
controversial opinion here, but i never really got the hype around mothman 💀 i’m more of a casual enjoyer of cryptids, and though i prefer eldritch horrors, i love them but don’t actively do a ton of research etc. and for some reason the mothman wasn’t ever one of the ‘staple’ cryptids in my mind. i get the whole tourism thing, and the legend is pretty cool, but it just doesn’t stick out to me 😅  alternatively, here are some of my favourite cryptids: - wendigo (obviously) - nessie (part of my family is scottish, so it was a big thing for kid me) - kraken (love these guys) - chupacabra (i just love that it’s literally called ‘goat sucker’)
You should not donate money to an actual peeeto...  or you should do a video on why you believe the age of concent should be 12, since you keep donating to a guy who does
The first third of this video is introduction. 6/10 👎
It's been awhile since I've been this hyped for a video. Lets go!
So to add on the Tasmanian Devil, I believe it's on there because of sightings that have been found of it in the last decade, but none have been confirmed.
Niceberg
Video starts a 10:25
I hope manbearpig makes the list.
The video takes 10 minutes to start on the iceberg
BRING BACK MAGIC SPOON I dont care if youre not sponsored by them, i just need to see them.
Thanks dad
does anyone remember the show The Secret Saturdays?
10:30 video actually starts. You're welcome
FFFFFFFUCK YESSSSSSSS
The Thylacine segment unlocked some core memories of that one Wild Kratts episode where they travel back in time and try to prevent the extinction of Tasmanian Tigers
I need more iceberg boy content
i wish you did an study about Cthulhu mythos on the channel, i really like everything around it, would be cool seeing you talking about
A full third of this video is bro talking about what this video will be about, and some plugs. Like, get the fuck on with it.
holy shit I wanted to watch an iceberg and it didn't start until 10 minutes in
Dan Akroyd has gotta be an A tier cryptid at least
Bro I love the vids,  but you pushing cryptids that are older than your country into B thier and putting Bigfoot on A Thier you must not have had your sponsors product the day you made the list
i dont need to explain what a teir list is  :proceeds to explain
ICEBERG BOY RETURNS!
i have been waiting for a cryptid iceberg for so long lets goooooooo
Cool stuff. Hope to see much more !
I believe the Thylacine is in this iceberg because people swear they’ve seen some in Tasmania, even to this day. There are people who dedicate their lives to trying to catch one on video to prove they aren’t extinct, and considering how much untraveled forest there is, it’s actually possible they’re right. Of course, it’s just an animal, nothing very cryptic about it, so I think it’s on the list purely because of the sightings.  Fantastic video as always!
GO ICEBERG BOY GO
hype hype hype! if the supercut takes time, that's more than fine. Enjoy the process and godspeed.
I have a feeling this is about to be my favorite iceberg.
Iceberg boy
I’m so excited for a new iceberg videos !!!!
it may not be music you like personally, but the band High on Fire writes songs about this stuff. The Yeti, Waste of Tiamat, and their album De Vermis Mysteriis all reference cryptids and conspiracy theories.
MY PEOPLE!!!! RAHHHHH!!! RAHHHH!!!
Thanks for the christmas gift iceberg boy
Wendigoat
You are starting to sound like Mr. Beast
I can't wait for the full thing! but still take your time doing what you must ^.^
I fr thought that jackalope was a real thing when I was a kid. I was so confused when I found out it wasn't real, like being told pandas weren't real.
4 hours after the upload and already nealry 200.000 views. ❤ Wendigang is strong 🦍
Thank you for pronouncing thylacine correctly
nice video iceberg boy
"THIS, is a iceberg" "Dear God" "And there's more" "No."
21:51  I don't think the Myakka Skunk Ape picture was a Ripley's B.O.N suit. For one, I've seen the ape suit they do have at Ripley's and it looks NOTHING like the one in the photograph. Plus, uh... you would not get eye light refraction like that from an empty suit.  Not saying the picture is real, but I don't think we know where it came from or what it is.
Wendigoon. WendiGOONING. When-i-goon…. Gooning?? You want us to goon? You like to goon? Wendigooner 🫣🫣 wtfff mannnn WOAH
iceberg boy has the best videos i wish i could have seen this sooner
The jackalope is just the american wolpertinger without the flight ability. Wolpertinger being bavarian german folklore
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK LETS GOOOO
dog cop be like:
My dad is from Jersey and he told me the story of the Jersey Devil on a long car ride and it scared me STRAIGHT. I had been afraid of the dark my entire life, even during my first years of college, and I could never sleep without a night light or something. Part of the story my dad told me involved the jersey devil stamping out a campfire and breaking the headlights while chasing a car because he hated the light. TRUST i went to bed in pitch darkness for a week and was never afraid of the dark like i used to be.
I'm sure someone has already mentioned this but the reason the Thylacine would have been on here would also be that a *lot* of Australians (specifically Tasmanians) think that the thylacine still exists- about 40% of Tasmania is national forest land, and a significant portion of that sees very little foot traffic, so theres quite a bit of land that the thylacine could still live on! Speak to just about anyone who hikes there, and they'll tell you that they believe the thylacine is still alive
as an Australian i feel the need to say its pronounced Thyla-SEEN, because that caused me physical pain. but i understand the confusion, keep doing what you're doing iceberg boy <3
Yeeeeeesssss
The Tasmanian Tiger (Thylacine) is actually considered a cryptid due to a number of supposed sightings and belief by some that they are still alive. Not fitting the more mystical side of cryptozoology of things like Sasquatch or Mothman, but still a cryptic by its definition.
28:51 it also has a hockey team named after it. “New Jersey Devils”
Going through some long hours of finals work for university is always made so much more bearable when I'm being educated about the cryptids by our good man Wendigoon, can't overstate the enjoyment I get out of your work man (definitely continue this to the very bottom of the iceberg)
Yes!!!!! So excited!!!!
Iceberg boy returns!? We are so back!?!
Wendigoon is slowly becoming Alan wake
I believe you can finish by Christmas you can do it Iceberg Boy
YEAAAAAAH! THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!!
Ever since I read “Cryptid Hunters” in middle school I have loved the study and discussion of cryptids. And by Wendigoon!!
Has anyone tried AG1? Coz Simon W has been advertising it as well
Jeez, that last second jump scare really got me!! Please don’t do that again!
Naz Reid is the goatman confirmed
Kraken in B tier should be an actual crime.
wait someone in maine did something?
To get to college I have a 1 1/2 hour drive each way, your videos on repeat keep a entertaining and enjoyable ride. Glad to see both the podcasts you're starting and a new iceberg series will keep it interesting, thanks for everything you do!
Petition for in Wendigoon's next video he leaves out "As always, thank you for watching." and instead say "You're welcome for this video."
Are you for real with the 10 and a half minutes of ads and stuff? It's so annoying how whenever  youtuber gets big, this happens. I know money is important but holy cow dude. It's jarring to see you do this same sellout cralp everyone else does.
LETS FUGGIN GOOOOO! WE ARE SO BACK
As a cryptid I can confirm this shit slaps
🎉
Very sorry to do this, but the jackelope cryptid is based on a much sadder real life thing called Shope papilloma virus. It's a disease that causes rabbits to grow big masses that resemble horns. It's highly contagious and can be passed between rabbits just by a person handling a rabbit with the disease and then handling another rabbit.   Likely someone saw a rabbit suffering from this disease, told people about it, and that then became the more wholesome story you told.   Good news: jackelopes are real   Bad news: they are just very sick rabbits :(
THERE HE IS I LOVE THIS GUY
Wendigoon, are you ok, brother? I also have an unused biology degree, but c'mon man.   Cryptids are half spooky, woo-woo crap and half unproven biology. So sure Mothman is an S on the spooky end; on the biology side he is D if not an F. And then you turn around and say the Thylacine doesn't count because they haven't been seen for nearly 100 years? Please, my dude
Let's give a bigger shoutout to Nessie for representing the lady cryptids!  (obv there would be ladies of all cryptids for them to even have a small population but Nessie is the most popular one specifically referred to as one)
imma keep it real with you goon, this is not going to help shake your "Iceberg Boy" nickname
Ten and a half minutes of intro in a thirty-five and a half minute video. I know Wendi is a slow starter, but c'mon
Chupacabra in C tier is a crime
Lake Lake Ness
shoutout to monster high who made characters about the cryptids!!
I love you bro but nearly 10 minutes of intro is a little much.
Perhaps a hot take but stinky monkey should be D-F tier
wake up babe new wendigoon video
Skip to about 10 minutes in. You’re welcome.
YESSSS
Can't wait to see you talk about the hodag, not only is it a neat cryptid but its also the mascot of my town since this is where it originated from. always love to see it get some attention
Releases a 30 minute video but the first 10 minutes are just intro, hurry it up my guy
If you hadn't put Mothman in S tier we woulda had a problem. Submit to mothman supremacy.
and things such as
A Windigoon video that is LESS than an hr long!?  UNACCEPTABLE.  Must be lengthened!
Ten and a half minutes in before you decide to get to the point of the video. 😡
Correction Bigfoot is not a monster or guardian of the forest, he’s my homie. 😎 the skunk ape is just a Bigfoot that eats too much Taco Bell.
me, seeing a new wendigoon video - :)))) seeing that it's only 35 minutes long - >:000 hearing that it's part 1 of ∞ and will be compiled into a MEGACUT when finished - :DDDDD  (all jokes aside even tho i love your longer videos i'm glad you're making this series in a way that works for you and don't stress out too much about the deadlines!! we'll be here whenever you release what's next <333)
I was befuddled when I saw the time of the vid. I'm used to him doing 2 or 3 hour vids and now he's doing a 35 minute vid? I was like 'your intro usually last more than 30 minutes!' But I truly did enjoy this vid. Plus he's gonna do a series of this. I like. VERY GOOD AND VERY SMART. 🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡
SANTA KNEW WHAT I WANTED
I thought it was gonna be a magic spoon ad guys
it shouldnt take 10 and a half minutes to get into the actual video
There's currently a lab in Melbourne that is trying to clone the Thylacine from RNA that they've had from 132 year old specimen!  Also hope they're is a tier that has the Australian Drop Bears
It’s a big day
SCOTT CARPENTER  has a channel woth DEEP lore on bigfoot and and confirmed them as nephilim/chimera [GIANTS]  that have a confirmed language and culture.  Very neat channel. He died very recently.  :(
Ten entire minutes of sponsor plugs, podcast plugs, etc. Getting ridiculous wendigoon. I've been here since you had like 15k subs and I hate to see that crap. Don't overdo it. I know money is great, but please don't become one of /those/ youtubers.
Hell. Yes.
YES LETS GO
"thigh-lah-seen"
Iceberg boi at it again.
I'm gonna be that contrarian. I do not find Mothman that fascinating overall. He's not like F tier or anything, I just feel he's like C or B at best. It's a big moth. He broke a bridge? Yeah right. Prove it MOTHMAN. FIGHT ME!
I disagree with your rankings, and I'm okay with that because we all have our own opinions
“wake up babe wendigoon posted another iceberg video”
Aww no weird bible update 6:57
Nature is being restored
The skunk ape photo actually has yet to be debunked and is shown to move in between the two photos. No one has been able to produce the display that shows up in the photo supposedly.
All thanks to the wendifather for blessing us with cryptid knowledge
Iceberg boy does it again!
the Hash Slinging Slasher better be in this iceberg
Note: most sightings of sea serpent's were most likely just a whale's...sea serpent.  They like to float on their backs and just wave 'em around in the air for some reason...
I literally went and got juice and peanut m&ms from the vending machine in my dorm for this. The vending machine dropped 2 packs of m&ms. Thank you wendi.
I will always love your videos but… why was that intro/sponsor sooo long? 10 and a half minutes of intro from a 32 minute video.
oh wow, charlie AND papameat podcasts? really hit the big time! you deserve it man. congrats!
My birthday is in just a few days. Best early birthday gift ever! Thank you IceBerg Boy!
ICEBERG BOY
Kind of disappointed that this isn’t the Cryptid iceberg by bangability but I’ll settle for this.
I thought the one said "creampie" I said EXCUSE ME
Ohohoho fuuuuuck yes.
YIPPIEEEEEEE
Can’t wait for Wendi to talk about the goblin universe at the bottom of the iceberg
I remember I would tell my parents a lot I wanted to be a cryptozoologists as if it was a real respectable job like being a regular zoologist lol
One quick note... Can you slow down a bit? Sounds like you're just rushing through this at the end.
Just finished rewatching the conspiracy iceberg, this is a welcome gift
Iceberg Boy returns.
The Jersey Devil isn't S tier....I don't understand anything anymore....
I have loved Cryptids since I was a child and I am so excited to see how many of these I recognize! Looking at how deep the iceburg is it looks like I get to learn about so many I have never heard of before.
Mothman is best boy.
We love sweet wendigoon
YAY ANOTHER ICEBERG!!! LOVE YA WENDI
bigfoot is real! he goes by sassy the sasquatch and he lives in browntown austrailia
What a lovely birthday present. Thank you, Iceberg Boy.
I'm so excited for the rest of this series
Fun fact: there is a rare type of cancer that occurs in rabbits that results in large protruding tumors growing from the rabbit's head. From a distance, this can appear as though the rabbit has antlers.
ten minute video intro  man i missed watching wendigoon
Do creatures that have had fossils count? like is a megalodon  considered a cryptid?
You and Aidan from lore lodge should collab on a section of the cryptic iceberg it would be 🔥
If I had a nickel for every time an nhl team was named after one of these cryptids, i’d have two nickels, which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
a)timestamps would be fucking fantastic and b)lake loch ness is essentially saying "lake lake ness" as loch means lake in Gaelic
bro 10 min in and he still hasnt started
YAAAYYY 🎉🎉🎉
Great iceberg, iceberg boy
portland maine shout out
My dad is from the middle of nowhere Montana and moved to Washington State after college to work at Boeing. He apparently was able to convince a few coworkers that the Jackelope actually existed and would cause extreme havoc on his farm when they dug dens underground. I believe this was in the mid-80s to early 90s.  This story never fails to make me laugh.
YEAAAAAAAAH YEAAHAHHAHA I LOVE CRYPTIDS WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Irl Ice-Pops
Wendigoon is my favorite cryptid ❤ He's Deity tier ❤
Bruh shit starts at 10:32
Spamming the back catalog finally pays off!
LETS GOOOOI
Yaaay, GIANTS!!!
Hell yeah, new Wendigoon vid. The next 37 minutes of my time are now reserved.
LOVE YOUR ICEBERG VIDS!! Keep em coming man! So pumped for this.
Does bigfoots meat match the meat? lol 😝
Just in time for night shift on lunch! I'll be back in a few hours
man Iceberg Boy you did really good with this one. btw a 3ft yeti isnt that scary
20:40 I think the reason this thing is on the iceberg is because there are some highly plausible theories that a small amount of these guys still exist in the wild!  Might be wrong tho
I think it’s so so fun that every area has its own regional cryptids and stories. Theirs so many that you wouldn’t know about unless you grew up in or visit one specific place.  I grew up in northern northern Utah (like 15mi out from the state border) and spent my summers on the Idaho side of bear lake I have so many vivid memories of talking with my local neighbors and friends about our cryptid the Bear Lake Monster. Had a neighbor who was this really friendly old guy but was missing his left eye. Always told me it was the Bear Lake Monster who took it, genuinely have no idea what actually happened to it so I guess that’s what actually happened lol-
WOOOOOOOOOOO LETS GO IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
The iceberg I never knew I needed, but only because I thought he already made a video on it… The human brain is an enigma
No joke I literally started writing a story about cryptids and when I stopped this was on my notifications
Dude I love your videos but your ads and intros have gotten out of control. 10 minutes until the actual video starts (nearly 1/3 of the video) is all ads and boring intro. It just doesn't feel like creators are being genuine when they do that.
WE'VE BEEN FED
That picture of Lauren Coleman looks looks A.I generated
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Iceberg boy continues to live up to his name.
Moth man could be S tier for the butt alone tbh
I'm so excited for this series!!!!!
Wendigoon gave AG1 two different introductions. Mad
What i love about his ag1 ads is, every time he drinks it, he just goes “It’s fine” in the exact same way
“This is exactly what I’ve been waiting for”
mothman got that THANG on him
Yeah Iceberg Boy is back at it
I HATE IT AND I WANT YOU TO DO SOMETHING ELSE!!1! Seriously, though, this was fun! I'm excited for the next part!
video starts at 10:30
Can’t express how excited I’ve been for this
I'm convinced sea serpents are basking sharks
Wendigoon, I love you, I love this video, but this tierlist is complete nonsense
what can they have in a cryptid museum when no cryptids have ever been found ? surely anything they have would be world news worthy because it would be actual evidence of cryptids.
Windigoon sir, As long as you do content im gonna watch it, You are entertaining and the style you use to bring us information is charming and great, and I like how this series looks to be going. Also btw Got my hoodie today and omg best hoodie ive ever owned EVER better than he hamilton one and the highschool one, Sooo soft and great embroidery, and best if all the shiny tag makes my crow brain wanna keep the tag somewhere lols.
20:05 I think it's pronounced thyla seen
10 mins to get into the video 😟
If you are ever wanting to learn more about Bigfoot sightings and different theories about it’s existence. Bob Gymlan is a great YouTuber who has a lot to say about the subject and is more than worth checking out.
drop the skincare routine
Huh. Didnt know Jackalopes were basically the American version of drop bears. Really cool.
Please include the Ogopogo on your iceberg sir
If he doesn't give the Chupacabra S Tier I'm gonna drive my car into an empty Pizza Hut edit: You were warned!!!
Hey you should check out the Godzilla analog horror series called The Man In The Suit.
the loveland frogman is my favourite cryptid, cant wait to hear u talk abt him hes just a silly guy
ah sweet, new content from the one and only Iceberg Boy
My excitement for all of this cannot be overstated.
Im kinda excited for Filipino Cryptids, this December will be so wild.
My favorite cryptid is actually a local goat man. It was explained within a week of discovery, but a fun story all the same   A local hiker saw a herd of mountain goats, but noticed that one looked weirdly human shaped. They snapped a picture and sent it to the newspaper. I saw it at the time and was delighted and intrigued. There was just... a goatman. Right there in the news.   A week later there was an update. The goat man was a wildlife photographer who was apparently trying to get closer shots of the mountain goats by dressing up to blend in. He contacted the newspaper after seeing the photo.    Honestly, a man dressing up as a goat to photograph goats feels like cryptid behavior on its own.
I’m super excited for this series! And I just got my hoodie today!
I had an anthropology prof once and we were going over the early hominids, and the conversation sort of veered into Bigfoot. He then started a story by telling us that what he was saying was coming from him as a person, not as an anthropology professor. He then very seriously told us a story about how he had seen Bigfoot crossing a river in Western Washington, and that it had changed his perspective forever on anthropology. Then he went right back to lecturing - super weird and interesting guy but I still wonder about it to this day.
I thought it was thyla seen and its mouth opens 180°
The first tier already covered all my knowledge of cryptids. The next tiers are going to be bananas
I can't wait to listen to this whole thing while I work at my job as a security officer for my local nuclear storage facility :)
NEW WENDUSSY
I need these in podcasts so I can sleep with them in the background 😭😭
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
bigfooodt
Tier List begins @9:50
Love this! Thank you :) Isn't the point of the Tasmanian Tigers is that people are still reporting sighting of them despite being declared extinct almost a century ago now. Doesn't that qualify it as a cryptid?
Nothing terrified me more than the Scooby Doo episode featuring the Chupacabra.
As a WV native, he belongs there. Praise LAMP
Yoooo!!! New wendigoon
Half hour vid with 10 min intro, nice.
I've been sick and depressed for over a week and seeing this upload in my feed seriously pumped me up. LES GOOOOOO
I've only heard of Champie due to the art on some of the Uhaul trucks
LETS FUCKING GO BABY. ITS TIME, WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I appreciate you putting Mothman in s tier
Because of the fake taxidermied jackalopes, I genuinely thought they were real until I was like 12
I just finished the serial killer iceberg
10 minutes before actually getting to the point of the video is crazy
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO RAAAHHHHHHHH
the renaissance
Where is Wendigo/Giants tier? Also, another iceberg video, and Mothman being S is my personal favorite!
10:28
I just hope the not-deer ends up on the list. Definitely my favourite cryptid that i wish is real, but sadly i doubt
ice berg boy is back with another berg to drink from
Yes! Yes! He finally did it fuck yah!
looking forward to seeing the Squonk in this series. one of my personal favorites
another wendigoon iceberg? hell yes
I love you my guy. Why is it 10:23 seconds into the video and the tier list is just about to start? Also mothman i would agree is S tier but my Ex’s favourite cryptid, so me and all my homies hate mothman
YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
iceberg boy
This is literally the first time I've ever heard somebody call Champ Champie.
yess i been wating for thisss
Video starts at 10:30 omfg
I'm sorry Wendigoon, but saying Nessie's photograf is a hoax and just accepting Bigfoots photo is laaaaaaaaaame
I miss magic spoon…
Yo the iceberg guy is back
dude an intro over ten minutes long is absolutely absurd
is there a squonk on this list? that's a crytid that only Steely Dan fans and Appalachians know about lol
Babe, wake up. Wendigoon just dropped a new iceberg video.
NEW ICEBERG YESSSS . Wendigoat
“Some of which I have never heard of” me with a phd in the goblin universe: 🗿
This is so hype
LEETTSSS GGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
How do you get past 10 minutes into the video without getting to the actual content?
Do an inspector gadget iceberg you hack fraud
RAAAAAAH
i'm an aussie- i believe thylacines (thy-la-seen, its a stupidly spelled word) are possibly still around in the tasmanian wilderness as it is largely uninhabited compared to most of australia
28:50 To clear up Confusion; I'm not the guy from jersey. I'm the same species, But I live in human form in the Midwest.
My favorite part was when the Loch Ness monster said “it’s nessin time” then started nessing all over the place
Iceberg boy has returned
SO hyped for this series oooo boi
Whys it take 10 fucking minutes to start the actual content?
Babe wake up, Wendigoon posted
ice berg boy is back at it again with another awesome video
Wait so your telling me I get a bunch of wendigoon videos about an interesting topic throughout the month of December? It really is a Christmas miracle that would make the grinch’s heart grow three sizes and Scrooge McDuck start believing in the gift of giving again.
I believe the thylacine is a cryptid because, though it is officially extinct, people still report there are some living way up in the backhills of the Tasmanian mountains (which cover at least one half of the island, in Mum's opinion, and she lived there for a couple of years in the 60s, while working as a school teacher).  So what is cryptid about them is whether they really are extinct.
33:19 Pokemon peeps know 😊
Thank you for this video, I have been sick with intense diarrhea and this video will be what will make me the happiest til the end of the night.
Bro really hit us with a fucking 10 minute intro
Kinda weak love you bro
Great vid, man. Love the conspiracy / cryptic  iceberg vids! Any thought on bringing back the Sunday School series? I think you have a good way of detailing Bible stories, especially for folks that have never heard them before. Thanks!
Big W
iceberg boy blesses us again
we love you, iceberg boy.
good video iceberg boy, can’t wait for the next tier
Nice to see wendigoon returning to his roots.
every time i see you upload a new video it's like seeing a good friend for the first time in a few weeks. i have a lot of appreciation for you, thank you for being my favorite youtuber for the past 3 years, keep it up
This is going to be a great Christmas 🎄
It was early Christmas
I wondered if the Dogman would come up in this tier list and I absolutely love the Dogman legend. As someone who grew up exactly where the legend takes place and know where most, if not all of the places the song mentions actually are and have been there, it is my favorite thing. every Halloween the radio plays the song and I remember everyone just listening and getting super excited for the song. it is a very famous and lovable cryptid that everyone around here adores.
I am pleased to see that father has posted
Iceberg starts at 10:30
Recently started following you and the way you present information is great i support you so much that i share your videos with me mym
Hearing Josh Gates on this Iceberg feels both odd but also so appropriate, like that Dicaprio recognition meme.
amazing how for another youtuber i consider 30 minutes video was long but for Wendigoon's its a short one lmao great video as always, watching you grow up to be iceberg man
Love your videos!
CRYPTIDS YES THANK YOU ‼️‼️
Tell your wife I love her nails.
A new video to goon too
Iceberg boy strikes again. He is becoming too powerful. someone call global warming man
LONG LIVE BIGFOOT
Thank you iceberg boy
Merry Christmas everybody 🤶 🧑‍🎄
Bro really said Thyla-kind 😁🤣🤣
WE ARE SO BACK BABY!!!
Thank you papa
Over 10 minutes in until the actual video starts... wtf...  I never noticed why I couldn't bring myself to listen through his videos playing in the background while I'm working, but now I know why.
The skunkape is just the original Florida man
I'm still waiting for more Sunday bible deep dives.
moooooooooooooooooore
sewer goblins better be on here
Iceberg boy strikes again
Is ag1 only for men ?
Where do I get the merch
Shout out Skamania County, that's where I'm from
video doesn’t start until 10:30
isnt the Jackalope a `rabbit with spv`?
I made the mistake of watching a mockumentary about the Jersey Devil with my mom when I was little and shit ain't been the same since 😰
iceberg boy strikes again
Based vid
20:10 thylacine is”thigh-luh-seen”
i am eating frozen seasoned french fries
LETS GOO ITS FINALLY OUT AAA IT WAS SO WORTH THE WAIT
Dad is doing another iceberg, we are blessed
Let's not call the wendigo, an actual part of anliving religion, a cryptid, please.
LETS GOOOOOOOO!
Probably gonna get skipped over but when are we going to get the giants video that was promised way back before the main conspiracy iceberg ended? Did it get canned or is it going to be 9hrs long?  Adding to this, the neat thing about the thylacine is that it's highly likely it's not extinct as sightings of it have been documented very recently in Papua New Guinea. There is also a theory there was a breeding pair that escaped from a trainwreck that was bound for a private Texas collection in the early 1900s. So those sightings of the chupacabra are possibly misidentified sightings of those thyalcines descendants.
35 minutes? Is this even a video? lol
Wendigoon- Makes 35 minute video, "I know this is an egregiously short video"
HYPE
Regarding the jackalope, it does exist in reality to some extent as a certain viral infection makes bunnies grow horn like features which may have caused the first sightings of a jackalope
What about the ice lady? 😢
ITS HERE ITS FINALLY HEREEE
Santa IS real!! Thank you for the presents Papa Goon <3
Really looking forward to the rest of these.
Wow, the actual video doesn't start until over 10 minutes in... wtf...
MOAR
Outside of the obvious love for Bigfoot everywhere, I'm convinced no U.S. state loves their native cryptids more than WV. The sheer amount of reference to Mothman WELL outside of Point Pleasant is remarkable.
The Loch Ness Monster should be F tier for no other reason other than always trying to get my tree-fity
I wonder if anyone has ever sighted someone in a fursuit and been like "omg it's Dogman!"
Love everything that you do but for future reference it’s thy-la-seen not thy-la-kine. Absolutely incredible video otherwise.
Love your videos, but there's this trend i've been seeing with them that's, while understandable in most situations, is a bit odd. Your intros are incredibly long. With this video for example, your intro is ~30% of the runtime of the video. Seems a bit excessive.
Why does it take you so long to start the video man 10 minutes of yappin
In the future it would be awesome if the intro + ads didn’t add up to 10 mins right at the beginning of the video. Maybe shorten the intros and put the ad in the middle?  Great video otherwise!
“Bigfoot but smelly” Skunk Ape is pretty much the Florida Man equivalent of Bigfoot
Jackalope shouild be N/A level. It's not even a cryptid. Everyone knows it was invented as a joke.
LETS GOO LETS GOOOOOO
YESSSS! YESSSSSSSS!!!!!
That intro was too long. Good video though
Dude started the video ten minutes into the video
Hey it’s Iceberg boi
iceberg boy going back to his roots I see...
As a Puerto Rican our chupacabra isn’t the same as the Mexican one.
Yayayayayayayayyayyayayay
YES YES
I remember when you promised this video! That's why I didn't saw others 😅
Finally something worth watching 🤦‍♂️
New Jersey Devil is real. Saw it in my backyard while I was feeding the ducks by the pool
Dude, 10 min intro. Love your videos man, just watch out for that
Waited all this time for the most common crpytids
Watched this video twice already u gotta drop the next episode
I enjoyed it
LETS GOOO NEW ICEBERG
15:29 Hey mothman there's no need to be down I said Mothman take that man of the ground
Thank you funny uncle
Great vid, but it’s bothering me so I have to say it, they Thylacine is pronounced thyla-seen. Also fun fact: in the early 1900 the Brooklyn zoo was shipping animals from all over the world for the opening, including a pair of thylacine, the boat crashed and many animals ended up dying, but the thylacine was never recovered, some people believe that those thylacine are responsible for chupicabra legends. Definitely not chupicabra but I want to think that it’s true
iceberg boy is back at it again 😎
Skip to 10:00 to get to the actual video. The Intro and advert are waaay too long.
ICEBERG BOY! ICEBERG BOY! ICEBERG BOY!
An Iceberg+Tierlist video? Are you out of your freacking mind maaan?🤯
i've had to rewatch this video 3x bc everytime i zone out as all i hear is "alright iceberg boi"
as a kid who re-read a book about cryptids and monsters constantly i am giggling and kicking my feet watching this yippee!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
I hope the moon-eyed people is on one of these tiers!
Is everyone in the comments stating this is 27% advert n intro correct then?? Nah?? Oh..oooh...yeah...hhmmnn. ...
“Honey wake up, Wendigoon just posted a new iceberg”
Christmas did in fact come early ❤❤ thank you for another great Iceberg
Expedition Everest is a banger of a ride tbh was always surprised Disney never made it into any other media like they did w pirates of the Caribbean and haunted mansion
A man with a moustache from Indiana is going to really like this series.     Hi Poob
Watching this outside in the cold at night. Different vibe. Scary vibe. Great vibe.
Pretty sure it's pronounced 'Thyla-seen'.
Iceberg me, Iceberg Boy.
loch means lake. 12:23
Didn't that guy on Joe Rogan's Podcast discover the Thylocine was still alive? Or was that proven wrong?
10 mins and you're still talking shyte lol just do update videos for the people who are interested.
Yes. Thank you.
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
10 MINUTES TILL THE VIDEO STARTS, bro u gotta stop with these intros
So the Jackalope has the same grounding in reality that the Unicorn does. The name of the disease escapes me, but there is a zoological disease that causes animals to grow rough horn-like appendages on various points on the body. If one of these protrusions happened to grown on a rabbit's head (or a horse's head), it would most certainly look like a Jackalope (Unicorn) to someone who didn't know any better. I think the disease is the Shope's Virus, but im not sure.
Iceberg Boy returns…
10 min intro and ad you’re killing me wendigoon
I love watching your videos so much, thank you so much for making them my dude
I love cryptids. Also, glad to here I wasn't the only one who found the jersey devil specifically unsettling as a kid.
Hallefuckinglujah
Curious if my local Cryptid makes it and what tier it’ll be. Come on Loveland Frogman
*Audible gasp of excitement*
I hope Cthulhu is gonna be in here somewhere. He's was the only creature that really freaked me out as a kid.
Oh this'll be so good
Love the vids ICEBERG BOI 😂 joking on the second part serious about the first part ❤️
It starts here: 10:24
Wendigoon is basically Marshall from How I Met Your Mother if u think about it
Got my hoodie last week. Really comfortable and stylish 😎
Number 1 like i should be
All aboard guys!
She said I remind her of mothman with hot cuddly I am (am I winning?)
You should do a video on marble hornets
I love your videos, but a 9+ minute intro is TOO LONG.
The thylacine is considered a cryptid because there are sightings to this day of the Tasmanian tiger. Most cryptids that have any realistic chance of existing would be those similar to the thylacine that once existed but are now considered extinct.
Thank you for this edging material iceberg boy
noo not my algorithm ;-; curse this icy phrase. whyy
Woooooo iceberggggg
In the age of the minute-short clips even half a hour of good content is a blessing! Worry not if this video is short in comparison to others, it is still great!
Looks like Iceberg Boy is at it again.
Kraken is at least A tier come on now
Ah Yes, the most elusive Cryptid of all; Josh Gates.
My man said nothing cool ever happens with Nessie like we didn’t have a whole Scooby Doo special about her
I am SO FUCKING EXCITED FOR THIS!
ah yes my favorite ass-berg youtuber
I saw an AG1 ad this week and had a seizure
IM SCREAMING FINALLLLLYYUYYYJDJSBSJSNJDJDHDJS
here's hoping the devil cat gets higher than an F...
took bro 10 minutes to start the video
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
When i was little i saw a taxidermy jackalope.... 100% believed in it, still not convinced they aren't real 😂
Wendigoon be that type of guy to make iceberg of cryptids
Chop chop iceberg boy where’s my next part /j
This might become your best iceberg yet.
yay
Man i woke up to this video i was so excited like I love wendigoon content!
iceberg boy is at it again
lets go. It's here
Someone should tell wendigoon to play subnautica
I was not prepared for how excited I would be for the return of the iceberg boy
Native Vermonter here…no one calls it Champie 😂 it’s just Champ. And yeah, he’s just our friendly lake monster and we love him!
Did he you rank a rabbit with fucking antlers higher than the chupacabras? 💀
The jackalope and chupacabra hold a special place for me because of Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare  What a perfect blend of super natural/myth/cryptid. What I wouldn't give for a sequel.
Cryptic zoology “CryptoZoo” 🤯
You are not the only one who did reports on cryptids. 😅 Im excited for this series!!
I listened to the entire entourage of conspiracy icebergs from you; Fantastic content. Thanks for all the effort you put in wendi
I tried watching Red Thread but ... Its hard to watch. Like you're all talking to your monitors, not to the camera. And moist critical makes me feel ... Icky
The Michigan Dogman definitely existed before the song as a legend
10 minutes in and not a single cryptid. Sellout
Love this! Please don't forget the Squonk! It's our local cryptid and finally getting love!  Hey, have you heard about Roanoke Gaming and Lore Lodge going after the Michigan Goatman when Roanoke hits 1 million! You should go with them!!!
Looks like the wifey enjoys a smooth, shiny, bronze Kraken her hand.
I seen a dogman.
I love your content, but you pronounce thylacine incorrectly. The CI makes an S sound. Again though, I love your content. 😂
There's a disease that affect rabbits giving them weird growths.
Dan akroyd 😂
Can you get Peter Caine dog training on the channel, he is a cryptid expert and has had first hand encounters with Sasquatch, dogmen, and babymen, as well as is a ghoul and goblin expert
LET’S GO 🎄🦌🤘🏼💕
1:40 Gee, i wonder why you would even mention that? It seems like a horrible thing only really terrible people would do...
God damn, Wendigoon's been putting in the work, and I love it. All of his videos are fantastic even though he's just pumping them out. Great work Wendigoon.
The childish glee seeing a new iceberg from wendi is unmatched.
16:00 Mom is based, i would too grab the great Mothman's booty
He did NOT just put Chupacabra in C-tier 😠 You're C-tier. With points for popularity 😤
Anyone who watched the show Lost Tapes as a kid knows not to mess with Cryptids
I'm confused. You relegated Bigfoot to A tier instead of S tier because his motivations are unclear: he's either killing you or is peaceful. But then you put Mothman in S tier, partly because his motivations are varied: he either kills you or helps you. They have the same confused motivations, but for one it's a positive and for the other a negative?
Seeing this video pop up in my feed made me go "Iceberg boy is back!!".   I love cryptids and love watching you talk about iceberg. This is like an early Christmas present. ^^
iceberg boy is at it again
OG Wendigoon with Tea Time playing in the background is 🔥
I mean most cryptids are real they just dont show the usual evidence because they are all mostly tulpas thats why they are region locked and only can be found sporadically because it takes time and belief for them to manifest and thoughts to them weaver often hence the dog man. With the kraken being now “proven” as a giant squid being common knowledge it cant remanifest to its ancient glory
Iceberg boy at it again 😂
You should put honest poloticians  and lawyers on the list of cryptids as well. Aint found any proof any of them exist.
what’s up with the letters A, B, and W popping up during the dogman section around 30:22? I thought i was going crazy and no one’s talking about it
I've lived near Lake Champlain all my life and never have I heard anyone call Champ "Champie" lmao
Elementary school me would've gone bananas for this video. I was the weird kid who would only check out cryptid, dinosaur, or Garfield comic books when at the library when the other kids were REALLY into Harry Potter ....  I'm gonna watch tf out of this when I get home
0:50 Oh you're gonna _Love_ the R'lyeh Bloop Connection.  And by love, I mean it'll probably give you nightmares
thanks wendigoon 👍🏽
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT!! Did Christmas come early?? Cryptids have been a special interest of mine for almost 10 years now. I just cant get enough of them, and ive been looking for good podcasts to listen to, and youre telling me that my favorite spooky guy is making a SERIES on them??? This is quite literally the height of luxury!! Thank you so much for making this man, means the world!!
LESS GOOOOO
Went to Loch Ness this last spring, did not find Nessie😓Got to hear some good bag pipe music tho
I never knew how hype I could get for a video but here we are
Video hasn't started yet but I just wanna say thank you so much wendidad <3 I'm sick right now and I'm also in the middle of my two friends arguing for the past two days, so it's safe to say I needed a way to chill out 😅 I really appreciate your work
I think the reason the Tasmanian Tiger is on this list is because there are genuinely people and groups who believe that the Thylacine is still out there somewhere. There are groups who try to capture footage out in the bush of possible Thylacine.
10 minutes of adds for your brand. I know you out here workin, but holy Jesus, it's a third of your video.
Iceberg Boy
I'll watch later but I'm SUPER hyped for the new series!!
Instant classic
YESSSSSSSSS ITS A CHRISTMAS MERICAL
JFC Thank You! I was wondering when you were gonna turn that light off! Geez! Was So Distracting!
Thylacine like “thy-la-seen”
Another banger from Iceberg Boy. 🎉🎉🎉
Father has blessed us with a bountiful harvest
I'm so happy I'm here for this.
you walked right into the joke iceberg boy
YES IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS WOOOOOHOOOOO
Could you have explained the explanation to be a little less than 10 minutes? Just spittin somthing
Wendigoon said years ago he would dwelve into cryptids and ive been waiting for this video to drop ever since, im so into this kind of thing, i hope it keeps going
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (Meme)
Babe wake new 17 hour wendigoon iceberg series
iceberg boy has returned
So no frog man my favorite Cryptid ☹️ (so far)
BABE WAKE UP A NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO CAME OUT
bro wendigoon, i love your content but please stop spending so much time of your videos on ads, mentioning your podcasts etc. it’s crazy that 10 and a half minutes of a 35 minute video on things that aren’t about the title. i say all this with love because i have been watching you for ages and i only want to see you improve. other than that, another great video as always.
Hell yeah! I’ve missed a good series like the conspiracy theory iceberg
Wendigoon likes cryptids too he just like me for real
so very excited for this
shout out animal planet's Lost Tapes. one of my favorite cryptid shows ever and usual haunter of my dreams
oh damn we goonin
omg wendi ily
I think the "cryptid" part of thylacine is that there are many reports of people seeing them beyond their supposed extinction
Everyone loves you iceberg boy
I’ve never clicked so fast. Another classic from iceberg boy.
wendigoon the typa guy to make a promise a year ago and still follow through on it. absolutely goated
Get to work on part 2, Iceberg Boy
You're a natural story teller, I could listen to you read a phone book
It starts at 10:30, Wendigoon I know you need to say hi and do your ad stuff and all that, but Christ dude, you need to get to the deal here.
I hope he talks about my favorite cryptid. The legend goes that it can be found at gas stations and convenience stores buying cigarettes and milk, but I’ve never been able to find it. It’s called “My dad”
“Like Bigfoot or the Loch Ness monster, but also applies to things that were at one point to be extinct like certain species of fish or primates”   Soooo Bigfoot and the Loch Ness monster lmao
I am so ready for this series
the thylacine (thy-la-seen) has been hunted out of existence. But there are sightings that pop up here and there. I would love to see that species to still be around. I thinks it's a beautiful creature. I wouldn't catagorize it as a cryptid though. it was a proven living creature. Bigfoot is one i'm most inclined to think is out there. somewhere. waiting......
Fantastic video, I think the only one from this first tier that I haven't heard of is Smelly Bigfoot. Can't wait for part 2!
ive been waiting for this moment for years, thank you SO much for everything you make <three
Lesgoo
I thought that you added the Thylacine as a cryptid because although it is officially extinct there have been recent sightings. Also, OG Chupacabra should be a seperate entry than the counterfit Mexican version 😤
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES IVE WAITID SO LONG YESYESYESYESYES YEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSS
yo iceberg boy is backkkkk
>chupacabra on C tier How dare you have an opinion I don't agree with good sir. This shall not be forgotten.
thank you for your service iceberg boy
I love the vids but a 10 min intro is wild bro
how is it 10 minutes in and he ain't started bruh that's like a whole 3rd of the video
iceberg boy has done it again. i love this silly rock we all live on.
Wendigoon is the result of a failed CIA influencer breeding program. He turned out too wholesome and genuine.
10 min intro huhhhhhhhhhh
Just rewatched all the iceberg videos for the fourth time over Thanksgiving weekend and now I get to watch this treasure! Thank you sir ❤
Chop chop iceberg boy
the goblin universe from the bottom tier has peaked My interest.
Finallyyy I've been waiting on this video ever since you teased it over a year ago this is so epic thank you wendigoon
So there are seven layers to the tier list, and nessie is right in the middle. So the loch ness monster out of seven, is about three fifty.
babe wake up wendigoon dropped another iceberg‼️
NOOOO I WILL NEVER RECOVER YESSSSSSS
Video ACTUALLY starts @10:00  Golly, what an intro.
Viewer 140,899 lets goooo
Video starts at 10:00 after rambling intro & ads
I NEED MORE ALREADY 😭
Grew up in northern Michigan and my 4-6th grade teacher would dedicate a whole week every year to the Dogman. Good times.
YAAAY CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY THANKS WENDIGOON <333
Looking forward to the tier with my homie Ogopogo
22:08 bruh… bears?😂
LET'S GO ICEBERG BOY! >:D
I can’t wait for the next videos I’m so inpatient
Hmmm a series I'll rewatch 20 times over, truly scrumptious
Finally 🎉
20:05 Thyla-seen*
wendigoon is the only youtuber who can make a 10min intro and still have a successful video
YES!!!!  IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FROM YOU FOR SO LONG I FEEL LIKE YOU HAVE SO MUCH TO SAY ON THIS!!!!
Iceberg boy did another ine
WENDIGOON PLEASE MAKE THE PLANET SHEEN ICEBERG 🧊
The iceberg boy back at it again
video starts at 10:30 bruh 💀
I swear to God if the Dropbear isn't on this list then the whole south pacific will riot
Every time at the end of the video I'm beginning to feel that Wendigoon is really thankful for us watching the video. Don't really know where that feeling comes from though
Kane and Alex laughing hysterically when the iceberg boy cometh
YEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAW
You know what really gets my goat? El Chupacabra
Love this so much but isn’t The Thylacine pronounced Thai-la-seen?
I love this. Cryptids are my favorite supernatural/conspiracy theory subject. Christmas really did come early this year.
Oh this is gonna be a good one! I can tell!
The noise i made when i saw this in my feed is honestly horrific
EVERYONE SHUT UP WENDIGOON POSTED
Fuck yes boi
As someone from Australia I imagine the Thylacine (Tasmanian Tiger) was included on the list due to supposed sightings since the species was declared extinct, not just because it's a weird animal.
Iceberg boy with the iceberg video once again
Video starts at 10:30
Weird bible my dude!
LFG
What a gleeful day wendigoon has posted
My father grew up around the Gimlin family and worked with Bob Horonimus. That footage is horseshit.
This video turned me from an Iceberg Boy to an Iceberg MAN.
Putting the jackalope over the chupacabra is absolutely insane
so it begins
thanks for making my day sir, love a good ‘berg. cryptids especially - used to be obsessed with them as kid and still find them super interesting
YAYYYYYYYYYY NEW ICEBERG
there's a rumour in México that says that the government spread the legend of the chupacabra as a way to distract the people, in a way, making it our 9/11
glad to see the Iceberg Boy is back in action
As a hockey fan who was unaware of the jersey devil, was very confused that the New Jersey Devils (hockey team) were a cryptid, they weren’t 😢
Iceberg Boy
Wendigoon I don't comment much but I just wanted to thank you. I'm about to go into surgery for a jaw infection and seeing that you uploaded takes my mind off life and so with that I just wanted to say.....Thank you
coming from an aussie its thyla-seen and defiantly is still out there
Thanks for posting while you are so busy running for congress Brandon
Did not expect the Michigan Dogman in the first tier! I didn’t realize it was as well known as these others. I thought it would be in the second tier. Nice.
Video starts at 9:51 😒
Wendigoon and Josh Gates doing a crossover would be a dream come true.
The jackalope really just became a giant shitpost
thanks dad
here we gooooo!!!!!
I am Wendigooning so hard rn.
Lake Lake Ness
yessss I’m so excited for the rest of the iceberg!!!
What’s this about a whale penis?
Iceberg bot back at it again
christmas actually came early with the multi-part iceberg series, great stuff
10:30 start the video wtf kind of long intro bs is that
Lame!
Literally yelled in excitement when I saw this vid in my recommended!! Love you, iceberg boy :>
I cant wait!! I want the 5 hour full cut ASAP!! Love ya Wendigoon
i literally had the biggest smile on my face what i saw the title of the episode
Love your work keep it up iceberg boy :)
About time you made another of these, Iceberg boy
Lindsay Nikole/wendigoon collab would be goated
this is my favorite advent calendar of all time
Why do american rankings skip the letter E?
Everyone has to be rushing to see all the “Iceberg Boy” comments
So excited for this series!!! Just a quick thing about the thylacine, its pronounced thy-la-seen. Otherwise this was great and I'm excited to see what Aussie cryptids get repped in the iceberg.
Video starts at 10:30
"Lake Loch Ness" dude.  You fully just said "Lake Lake Ness"
Always knew the surgeons pic of nessie was fake. If he was approx 30feet long those waves would devastate that lake.  He should have put it in calmer water to make it harder to  disprove.
finally, iceberg boy does his job
I just sat through bro yapping about nothin for 10 minutes. what even…
I truly and honestly don't care when or how often you upload because you have yet to make a video that I don't like
+1 for mothman in S tier. You know your cryptids alright
I’d like to thank the NHL for making cryptids the mascots of hockey teams
Let’s goooooooo WendiBoi!!!!
Bruh it took 10 minutes for the actual video to start.......
Iceberg boy is HEREEEE
Thylacine was never in New Zealand
HOLY HECK THIS IS GONNA BE PEAK
The thylacine is on there because people still report seeing them in the wild
There's an interesting theory that sightings of the Chupacabra, are actually sightings of a small population of Thylacine that escaped while being transported on a ship.
9 hour long video v.2!
Wait....isnt wendigoon you?
YIIPPPPPEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! ICEBERG BOY FOR THE WIN!!!!!!!!
YES
Oh sweet Jesus...
Bro I had the worst day but this new vid is just made it so better
I love ur videos wendigoon😊
Now I'm waiting for the cryptid bangability iceberg.
are u still plorp man in the pan eating the entire tube of spam what am i talking about wendigoon, me big sus 😳but not in that sus way 🥶🥶🥶 if you cannot tell, i have had too much eggnog (shamrock unalcoholatinated)
I'll never forgive you for putting Champy, my baby, in D tier. Thy part in this, shall not to be forgiven.
holy shit iceberg guy just posted an iceberg video
Dude I always love finding out something about someone i follow online, I didn't have the slightest inclination that Wendy (short for Wendigoon) was married. Congrats homie.
Well there goes another 9 hours of my life 😂
How this man can claim the Kraken itself is not A or above is insane
Holy crap a youtuber said they would make a followup video and actually made it
WOWOWOW WTF!!! HE WAS USING A SHIRT!!!!!
Nooo, surly just put the pics next to you. Not the whole screen. Thats what made you different
I'm not gonna lie, you should play _Inscryption._ You would *_LOVE_* it.
Where’s my mold video iceberg boy!?
this about to be a banger
YES MRS WENDIGOON! LIVING THE DREAM,TOUCHING THE MOTHMAN BUTT
Dogman is a less cool version of Saint Christopher, sometimes depicted in icons with a dog head.
I HATE IT, AND I WANT YOU TO DO SOMETHING ELSE!!!          Jk. I look forward to seeing the whole series. Hopefully the Kentucky Goblins and Secret Saturdays make an appearance.
This is the kind of content we like to see from our Iceberg Boy.
Lord have mercy i'm bout to BUST
Hell yeah let’s go Iceberg boy
Oh my god the iceberg boy finally returned!
Bigfoot is really non-snow Yeti since Yeti came first. Also Expedition Everest terrified me as a child and is still scary as an adult
Cryptids are very "early portable photography". It's something I'd want to believe in, but now everyone has a cell phone and we haven't seen better photos of any of this.
Great video as usual, i love the return of the og music!
I think the Thylacine is on there because there have been sightings of them since their "extinction"; suggesting they might still exist.
YAY Im finally Early on a wendigoon video
I actually visited the cryptozoology museum in Portland last year. Lots of interesting stuff there, definitely worth a look if you're ever visiting our lovely state. Come any time except the winter
It is a good day today
YES BABY LETS GOOOOOO
You should have done a lot more research into the Tasmanian Tiger and why it is considered a cryptid. First of all you are pronouncing the name wrong its thylaseen not thylakyne, and second there is very strong evidence that suggests that the animal could still be alive in remote parts of the world. There is HEAVY debated in the scientific communtiy about whether or not it is still living, and there are sightings of it all the time. If that doesnt count as a cryptid, I'm not sure what does,
I love Wendigoon and cryptids! Like and comment if you are also a certified cryptid Gooner!
Is Santa Claus a cryptid?
WENDIGOON IS FEEDING US WELL THIS MONTH🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sure wish I could find an official version of that hoodie
LETS GOOO NEW ICEBERG GRIND
New Wendigoon? Today is a Good Day.
Good one iceberg boy
You forgot my uncle Hicky. He fucking weird and my family barely see the dude.
HELL YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
AHHHHH WENDIGOONNNNNN
Absolute W
New wendigoon video AND my iceberg boy hoodie arrives? AWESOME
Let’s go baby!
damn nigga 10 min intro
The font makes it really hard for my dyslexic ass to read, can some tell me if the Nigerian Fire Spitter is on the iceberg? I have a special interest in that creature and would loose my mind if Wendigoon talked about em.
I'm excited for this series and it'll be interesting to see if some of the Australian folklore, I grew up with, will appear in this.
Christmas came early but so did I.
Bro is looking radiant lately
Was literally just on Reddit yesterday asking for this
Wonder where the wendigo is going to be placed? I imagine he will have a bias towards them, which is fine, I just have a gripe with depictions people use for portraying wendigo's with the stupid deer skull and not the blue skin bitten and emaciated flesh ones that are sick (or nvm he grouped Bigfoot/the sabe with wendigo's😅)
Yooo!!!
Hooray!!! It’s here! I’m so happy
Fun fact. In yugioh, theres a monster archetype called "Danger!" that is full of cryptids
Bigfoot lore coincides with dogmen lore heavy. They’ve been known to work together.
Anyone else notice Dan Ackroyd at the bottom of the cryptid iceberg?
Waiting for the Loveland frog please there must be the Loveland frog
thanks iceberg boy!
Debating on if I should watch this now or wait until I get to work tomorrow lol
Thank you iceberg boy
Why the hell isn’t the Wendigo in this video
SaSQUIDS? Not sasquetes? *FEDYKHYM*
Fingers crossed for Ningen making the list at some point
Ah, yes, Josh Gates. My favourite cryptid.
Iceberg boy's back at it again  But really, thanks much for more entertainment while working on my animation!  Edit: I'm not sure if anyone's commented this already, but the myth of the jackalope is probably from the shope papilloma virus which affects leporids. It's very sad to see, but kind of neat that the first people to describe what would become known as jackalopes were likely to be completely honest descriptions
Bangor ME will soon have a small off shoot museum aswell.
I love how the jackalope is a proven hoax yet made it out of N/A into B tier. Wendigoon is unapologetically himself and I love to see it.
I love you
OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY IVE WANTED THIS FOR SO LONG
LETS GOOOOO, IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!! Wendigoon is my favorite youtuber and this is my favorite topic. New favorite video
Jackalope supremacy 💪
Mothman caked up fr
Vote Wendigoon 2024
yayy im so excited
LETS GOO GOATMAN FTW
10min and still hasnt even started talking about the video topic lmfao
Iceberg Boy back at it again. Bless his icy soul
did I just see Dan fkn Akroyd on the bottom tier list?
iceberg and tierlists are cool and all, but when are you doing the cryptid smash or pass?
Thylacine were mostly found in Tasmania, however there are many remains of them found in Nannup, which is a town in the south west of the mainland, it's a minimum one day boat and three day drive to get there from the east coast, so finding so many remains there is very weird. I've seen them myself
Thylacine is pronounced Thigh-la-sign, no Thigh-la-kine
This is exactly what I’ve thinking about, gonna be so awesome
Iceberg boy
Iceberg boy strikes again
Babe wake up, a new Wendigoon iceberg video just dropped
Thylacines involvement in the iceberg might be bc sime ppl believe there are some still kicking around somewhere down under
The Sqonk better be on here at some point
Its a good day when Wendigoon posts a new video
:)
Unfortunately Thylacine have never been in New Zealand, exclusively to Australia
You should make little magnets for the tier list
Wendigoon > study for finals
Ooo new wendigoon video? Don’t mind if I do 😋🍽️
YYYYYEEESSSS
Youtube gave me 2 unskippable ads and then wendigoon gave 10 minutes self promotion. Great
I have been waiting for this one
I love you Wendigoon <3
LETS GO BOYS
Wendigoon’s videos have so much replay value, the time and effort put in always shows. Thank you Wendigoon!
My dad once told me he mistaken a Bigfoot with a moonshiner in East Texas once
leeeeeeeeeeetttttttttttsssssssssssssssssssss gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
I hope the Dwayyo is on this list. I had a real life encounter with something I think matches its description in the Appalachians in 2017
FUCK YEAHHH, CRYPTIDS!! WOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Let’s go!
I hope the Hodag is on the list. Just a silly lil guy in Northern Wisconsin, and is a legend of the town of Rhinelander.
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
Hell yeah!!
Quality > content quantity. Take your time Wendigoon!
Don’t be mean to Nessie >:-(
Well now that you've promised for the rest of the iceberg to come out, you absolutely have to do it. You wouldn't want to be called a *liar* now, would you, Iceberg Boy?
2 things:  1. Even if it's not on the iceberg, could you do an honorable mention of the show called "Monsters and Mysteries in America?" It was a huge part of why I'm so in love with this kinda stuff.  2. You should bring back the use of "such as" for this iceberg 😂
I really wish you would do some more sunday studies. It spreads the word but you story telling and choice in stories are crazy interesting. Bless you and your fam wendigoon!
I’m really enjoying watching ur channel, it just is a great listen especially when I’m playing Minecraft haha
Bigfoot is fake. Skunk Ape is real.
Loved it look forward to more
Why the hell didn’t I have your notifications on all needed to slap the bell button so hard my cursor will fall off
Clicked on it with both fingers imediately
Iceberg boy earning his name
Hey wendigoon, if you haven't already recorded everything already instead of making a separate tier for sources and books put it on the tier representing it's obscurity but off to the side so it's not meddling with actual cryptids in visual and then when talking about it put them at the end of the tier segment.
Ahh dope. Cant wait for all the other parts.
Have you ever heard about the story written in 1899 called the creature of lake le metrie?
Snorting this video like cocaine
is ag1 good has anyone tried it ?
Resident Michigander here. The Dogman is kind of a silly cryptid and is very un assuming. But being in the woods of the UP at any time of day brings the thought of that cryptid into a terrifying reality
Thank you, iceberg boy,  it was well worth the wait and we can't wait to see the rest
get to it iceberg boy i need part 2
Technically, anything supernatural is NOT a cryptid. Cryptids are hidden animals, so if a creature is not a biological animal that is at least theoretically part of the fossil record, it's just a supernatural entity from folklore, not a cryptid.
We have lots of jackalopes here in Oregon. I see them all the time, but I've never seen a buck. 😂😂😂
ADD SHARKTOPUS!!!
You forgot the scariest cryptid of them all….my ex wife
HELL YES,  IVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER!!
Iceberg starts at 10:28
I am immensely sad ill never see a Thylacine in person
Thylacine = Fie-laa-seen.
You’re telling me Wendigoon was recently in point!?!? I was 15 min away from a legend 🥲
you took 10 minutes to even begin. Why are you okay with wasting my precious time like this? you will apologize.
BABE WAKE UP WENDIGOON DROPPED A NEW ICEBERG VIDEO!!!
NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO WOOOO!!!!!
skunk ape just forgot his deodorant, man
i literally gasped with delight when i saw this recommended to me ❤
the jersey devil terrified me in that one poptropica island 😭
The iceberg man is BACK!
YEAAAAAHHHHHH BABYYYYY!!!!!
i'm REALLY EXCITED for this series!!!!! you said "i promise that no matter how much of a cryptozoologist you are, you will learn something new in this series"  and i'm going to hold you to that
2 hour gang  👇
Would love to have a link to the iceberg
Oh God no he got govermented they A.I.ed him after taking him out
as someone from portland maine, the cryptozoology museum is so goofy and fun and shout out to you for shouting it out!
bro took 10 minutes to actually start the list
Wendigoon, youre my dad 🤗
Mothman do got a dump truck tho
Stop moving your hand's SERIOUSLY 👎👎👎
How have I watched every video on your channel and not been subscribed ? Well I’m subscribed now . Your amazing at what you do :)
For woods screams, look up coyote mating calls, also, wolf made coyote traps could explain it too Chupacabra footprint was bogus if I recall. Sea serpent, yup.
27:14 so cute!
He kinda fine at the 2:40 mark, those guns 😍
Oh. My. God.
The Kraken is 100% an S tier!!! like comon dude, big guy is the poster child for cryptids that were actually real
10 minutes just to start the list..
Well this made my whole month lol
Iceberg boy
Great video! But based m on how you gauged mothman, the Jersey Devil shoulda been S tier!
Holy shit the man’s a legend also where da weird bible at
You totally botched that dog man history they where in common place in the 1500’s even a saint that was a dog man
LETS GOOOOO ICEBERG BOY RETURNS
Finally, thanks Wendi
11:57 kinda like the unabomer
nearly 10 minutes of ads on this video u changed
chupacabra is from puerto rico not mexico (also i don’t think tasmanian tiger was in new zealand, we have virtually no native animals that aren’t aquatic or birds)
We are so back
This is exactly what I needed for finals week 🙏
I really enjoyed this video, and I'm excited for the rest of the series! Keep up the good work!
poptropica taught me of all these 💪
Fun fact about the thylacine (thigh-la-scene) Colossal Biosciences, the company working to bring back the woolly mammoths, was awarded $5mil about a year ago to replicate the DNA of the thylacine!
Iceberg boy make new iceberg
GOD I NEED MORE PLEASE 😭😭
Ah, finally. A lovely video to watch with my child before bedtime.
My eyes dilated like a cat when i saw this mf
Lets goooooooo
Hey babe, wake up wendigoon just walk uploaded 😗
The iceberg doesn't start until 10:30... common man
Ohio frog man S tier unsubbing and un aliving if not
When I was a kid I was super into cryptids and I remember being so traumatized by that skunk ape picture and I couldn’t stop thinking of it when me and my family went to Florida 😭😂
Good introduction to the cryptid iceberg, but putting Mothman in S-tier but not putting Bigfoot in there as well seemed egregious in my personal opinion. I'm looking forward to the next series of videos though. Have a nice night.
Teasing dan aykroyd in the bottom tier cryptids is evil. Looking forward to the series
I'd like to see another list in which you make fun of future Texas Representative Brandon Herrera. Please and thank you.
when the function got Southern beard man talking to me about cooky folklore bois
YESSSSSSSSSS.
So glad I keep getting anti LGBT+ ads all over YouTube 😊
Man I can't wait to learn about how Dan Aykroyd is a cryptid
you really really really need to look up pronunciations of words man, it takes two seconds. "thy la seen"
I hope Charlie can talk more in the podcast. Episode 1, he was just...there
This was fun. I knew all of them, but it was still a lot of fun!
HELL YEAH MAN, WE LOVE YOU!!! AND YOUR CONTENT!!!
dantavius stole the conspiracy iceberg now time for you to steal the cryptid iceberg only fair
Cryptid iceberg let's fucking gooooo
Wendigoon posted!!!! YEAHH!!!!!!!! LETSGOBANYTHATSWHAYIVEBEENWAITINGFORWOOOOOOOOO!!!
Please no need to rush! This is AMAZING!!!!
always love your videos!! thank you for another absolute banger of an iceberg
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
dont forget snailman or youll be forgotten to history
Iceberg Boy back at it again with a brand new berg!
THE WENDGOON ICEBERG MUSIC CAME IN AND I SMILED AGEGEGEGAEGEGEGG
10:30 first cryptid ranked. Dude, it took you over ten minutes to actually start.
Video starts at 10:00
Fun fact about the Loch Ness Monster: A team of people were scanning the lake to try and find it, and they found what appeared to be exactly the monster laying on the bottom of the lake. However, it ended up being a massive monster prop from an old Sherlock Holmes movie that had been filmed there.
I thought dogman was in Arkansas
FUCK YES
i better see the ogopogo on this list!
I thought Forrest galante found the thylacine again, or they brought it back right?
No offense man, your videos are good regardless, but I'd really like to see you gravitate back towards the paranormal/alien type stuff.
Can’t wait till he does the FNAF (arr arr ar ar arr) Iceberg 💯
this past week has been awful. so glad i can sit down for 30 mins to watch some wendigoon. appreciate everything u do man
dont forget snailman or youll be forgotten to history
Bro I’m excited to learn wtf the goblin universe is lmao
WOW! ICEBERG BOY IS BACK! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"But before we dive in"
MY GUYS DIDNT MENTION THE LAKE MONSTERS BASEBALL TEAM, DARN, champ the mascot isi champie the lake monster 🤣
I am going through a breakup from a 4 year relationship. This is going to help immensely.
never thought id say this, but wendigoon, im 8 minutes in and the video still has not started. first wendi downvote ever, wow. kinda expected this but was hoping for it never to happen.
Incredible, Iceberg Boy came back with another Iceberg. One of these days he'll be an Iceberg Man
This whole series is going to be like 10 hours long.  Bring it on.
Nooooo thylacine whyyyy ahhh 😂
ICE BERG BOY
Cannot wait until we get to Dan Aykroyd
That wendigoon hoodie SLAPS
Im also 90% sure the New Jersey Devils NHL team got their name from the Jersey Devil cyptid which is interesting ss well
Is mayonnaise a cryptid?
Iceberg boy strikes again
Iceberg boy back at it again
0:00 Intro 6:57 Today’s Sponsor 9:51 We are gonna go ahead and get into it, but, as always, thank you for watching. 10:31 Bigfoot 12:15 Loch Ness Monster 14:20 Mothman 16:35 Kraken 18:24 Yeti 20:04 Thylacine (THY-la-seen) 20:51 Skunk Ape 22:50 Champie 24:26 Chupacabra 26:33 Jackalope 28:39 Ceiling Light 28:51 Jersey Devil 30:14 Dogman 32:00 Classic Animals of Discovery 32:24 Sea Serpent 32:40 Lauren Coleman 33:02 Fiji Mermaid 33:12 Josh Gates 33:19 Coelacanth 33:45 Expedition Everest 33:51 Finding Bigfoot 34:12 The End of Tier 1
I’m looking forward to part 2!
Oh yeah, on the chubacapra, i'd like to add: When you mentioned coyotes without a lot of hair? You're pretty right. Although, moreso abnormal illness of having mange. It's speculated that a lot of the "hairless" canine-like creatures were really just foxes or coyotes with really bad mange.
Thyla-cine? (Obligatory Australia pronunciation comment)
Christmas has indeed come early and so have I
10:33 when video stars
YEEESSSSSS
I hope we have biblical cryptids on here!
I thought this was the cyrpto iceberg and I got very excited
i like animals
Video starts at 10:28
I NEED THAT BLUE HOODIE!!!!!
•
"Suspicious lack of crypted material" 😂😂😂
I always thought Bigfoot (I have to be honest really lame name) is just the way Americans call Yeti/snow man. TIL that’s a separate creature.
when are you releasing the unedited e michael jones interview
The iceberg boy returns just in time for Christmas!
“thylokine” *Forrest Gallate starts fuming.
Intro is 10 minutes. That’s a long time.
Cryptic thiccness tier list when?
Iceberg boy with another banger
Bible deep dive when
I would have agreed with you on the whole thing with the Loch Ness monster I thought he was really overrated, but I learned when I went to Ireland, and I studied the old church hero of Saint Columba. I learned that there’s a story dating all the way back to the time of Saint Columba regarding a group of Druids, dragging a dead body out of Loch Ness that was mangled and had been half eaten when Saint Columba asked what happened to the man. They said that there was a creature in the lake. He dismissed this and crossed the lake, saying that God would protect him when all the sudden, a creature rose from the lake and tried to devour him, it is said That he performed a cruciform with his hands and rebuke the creature and the creature sunk back into the lake. This miracle allowed Saint Columba to minister the gospel to the Scottish natives because they saw his power.
As a puertorican the Mexicans really damaged the chupacabra legend, in Puerto Rico the chupacabra is still a reptilian that kill livestock
Yeah the Cribtit... oh its criptid nevermind 😂
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETSSS FUCKIING GOOOOOOOO
Hi windy and And congratulations on your marriage. God bless.
Huzzah, it's the return of iceberg boy!
I’ve actually been meaning to get into cryptids, this video couldn’t have come out at a better time!
oh boy here we go
*EARTH SHAKING SQUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
My province (Alberta) decided to use Bigfoot in several commercials about taking care of forests, recently. Super exciting to see Bigfoot talking about the government's plan to protect the environment!
Hi, i’m sure this will never be seen, but have you ever thought of doing a collab with Thought Potato? He has a whole series of documenting his discoveries with cryptids and stuff like that, and i think a collaboration would be amazing
Fire topic right when im high lol brings me back to when the conspiracy iceberg was dropping and ur channel had so much hope
The Thylacine is a cryptid because there are still rumored sightings after it is supposedly extinct.
I paused at 14:15 and took a deep breath. If mothman isn't S tier, my faith in this man will be shaken... it was not shaken
Iceburg boy ! Iceburg boy! ICEBURG BOYYYY!!!!
not to be a stickler for pronunciation but thylacine is pronounced thy-la-seen (or thy-la-sine) not thy-la-kine!
The jackalope has roots in reality. It probably comes from people seeing rabbits suffering from a disease that would later be named "Shope papilloma virus", named after its discoverer, it which the rabbits grow horn like growths from their head and mouths. Look it up if you want, but I warn you it's gruesome.
If I don’t see fresno nightcrawlers in the next video, I WILL cry
He said “feasible” but I thought he was going to say “possible” so my brain heard the word as “peasible”
MERRY FUCKING CHRISTMAS!!!
Watching this in my wendigoon hoodie 🎉
Oooh I can’t wait for more of this. I want to know of those real obscure cryptids and I am excited
Iceberg boy at it again with a new iceberg
video actually starts at 9:55
10 minutes in and it finally starts
16:09 Nice
Dude i love your content, but 10:30 of intro is wild
Wendigoon you are my hero, the inspiration behind my sense of style. I would die on any hill for you. But not putting the Kraken in S-Tier is legit the stupidest thing you have ever done what the fuck
Iceberg boy is back baby
❤
Yesyesyesyesyesyes!
10 minutes to get into the video is insane i have to skip a quarter of the video to get to the video
The Tasmanian tiger has had people claim they've seen them- I think thats why its on the list 😅
23:03 this is without a doubt, 100%, absolutely a whale penis. it comes out of the middle of the shadow in the water and looks exactly like a whale penis. (look up whale penis' sticking out of the water, you'll see what I mean) but research says whales don't live in lake Champlain, so the photo was probably taken somewhere else and passed off as Champlain.  Edit: Hey I also did a report on the chupacabra when I was in elementary school!
I love the jersey devil and think it's real! Not because of the story behind it but because when I was a kid I had a book of cryptics and it said that the New Jersey Zoo was over 50,000 dollars to whoever caught it. As a kid I thought it would be super easy because I had a book of it and thought I knew it's weakness. 30:05
10:30 for start of iceberg
I honestly believed the jackalope was a real creature until I was like 13 or so. For some reason it just made sense to me, a rabbit with antlers . I had my art teacher tell me it was fake and I couldn't belive it
Wendi, the only man I know who can say “ egregiously short” about a 35 minute video
Iceberg Boi at it again! Thank you for the early Christmas list Wendigoon!
aww sheet, Iceberg Boy back!
Peak is back on the menu
huzzah iceberg boy uploads again
FINALLY!!!!!!
NO SHOT!!!! LETS GOOO!!!!
I hope you cover my uncle Johnny in this iceberg
Trying to get that mammoth iceberg done by Christmas is insane - don't burn your self out pushing too hard
wake back up boys Wendigoon dropped!
Iceberg boy 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Wait...jackalopes aren't real?
Wow 10 minutes just for introduction 😅
Hey just want to say I’ve been waiting and did not disappoint
0:26 "...in Portland Maine" Oh god there's two of them!
Advent calendar except it's horrors beyond human comprehension. Looking forward to the series!
"dan akroyd" at the bottom of the iceberg is the funniest thing ever
I can’t believe Expedition Everest got a mention but Disco Yeti didn’t. The yeti on the ride used to move, but broke pretty much right after it opened. They fixed it, and then it immediately broke again. So now they have a strobe light on it to make it look like it’s moving. It has been dubbed Disco Yeti by fans.
truly is the christmas season😢
NO FUCKING WAY WE FINALLY HERE BOOOIIISSSSSS  WendiGOAT with the Cryptid IceBerg letsss gooooooooo
Sobbing over the misinformation on chupacabra. i pinky promise she’s cool and scary if you hear the actual stories
10 minutes intro, the actual video is only 20 minutes ish 💀💀
My favourite cryptid is the average Scottish person
WE GOING BACK TO THE ROOTS BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lets gooo
Interdimensional illuminati hollow earth hyperborean bigfoots lets goooooo
I hate his woo woo fiction videos.
YES YES YES
Isn't jackalope joust the english name for the Wolpertinger? A baveien myth that is loterally the same as the jackalope.. like down to its origen of being a storry told to out siders to   I wonder wich one cane first
Bro did you not start the actual video until 10 minutes or am I crazy? Enough with thanking everyone dude we get it!!! You used to do that with your earlier videos bro just say thank you ONE TIME then get to it…
If the famous cryptid "chupacu de goianinha" is not in the iceberg I will hunt the creator of it and our iceberg boy
This man took 10:30 minutes to start the video
iceberg boy has brought sustenance. I am going to sleep so well tonight.
Luv u iceberg boy
Loving that hoodie!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH😀
I’ve been WAITING for this one 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
100k views in an hour, holy shit dude.
I’m sure these will be great Christmas presents to your fans no matter how timely they happen to be. Don’t sweat it if you get too busy my guy.
video starts at 10:29
In before I even watch the video. Giants better be on here
We love you wendigoon and we appreciate you so much !!!
YES
Another iceberg lets go
So the iceberg boi returns huh?
Love iceberg content, still waiting for that Giants video lol
I haven't watched the video, but I hope he mentions the squonk. It's a small creature from Pennsylvania that cries and cries because it is so ugly and has baggy skin. I love the squonk.
Wooooooooooooh!🎉
God I hope Fresno Nightcrawlers gets a discussion cause I fucking love those lil walking pants lookin guys
I think I can speak for everyone when I say that the more Wendigoon content the better. More videos makes me a happy camper.
Ok bro you losing my interest with these 10 minutes intros...
cant wait for the 12 hour version
What happened to Halloween episode lol
You need to get better at these intros, bro. Ten minutes before you get into it? Geez.
YESSS MY AUTISM IS FLOWING INTO MY BODY LESGOOO
took 10 minutes to actualy get into the video lmaoooooooooo
fun fact, i have family that lives up in WV, and the day of the silver bridge collapse, one of my family members was running late because he couldn’t find his car keys, by the time he had found them the bridge that he took to work everyday had collapsed. i think either he got really lucky or something, maybe a spirit or guardian of sum sort made sure he didn’t die that day
Ah yes, a nice return to form for our favorite human avatar of unknowable eldrich horrors.
You know, last night I wondered why there was no Cryptid Iceberg on this channel as that seemed right up your alley. I suppose we call that manifesting.
22:16 and then you have fishingarrett. Walking through the everglades/amazon barefoot, yoinking critters and booping large gators and crocs.   Still looking for those 20' anaconda/pythons.
anybody got the link to the ice berg
10:25 Iceberg starts here
Hell yeah Wendi
Wendigoon Iceberg videos is the best advent calender I could have asked for.
@10:30 end of filler
I ALSO CAME EARLY
Do giants count?
Damn I didnt look at the upload date and thought this was like a year ago. Fuck I gotta wait like the rest.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Fuck yeah thank you for this !
You can skip to 10:29 for the content
No joke iceberg-tierlist should be the new meta
He starts at 9:52 ... For anyone else who wanted to know.
I'm taking a anthropology of the paranormal class and we are in the section on crytids! We finished talking about fairies and just started wendigos and soon bigfoot/yetis will pop up
ily but dang 10 1/2 min intro
nice ten minute intro cutie patootie
This is a great start of something really special and i'm HERE for it all the way
Thigh-la-seen, this really bugged me as an Aussie
i had to look up the cryptid poster that says "the boys are back in town" and bought it from that tiny shop
leets goooooooooooooo
Dude your channel has absolutely exploded! Vids only been up for 2hrs(as of now) and already has 21k likes. Thats insane
yippe!
25:20 thats literally a hyena or a wild coydog
Thanks for making interesting stuff like this instead of 5 hour iceberg videos about vacuum cleaners eventhough some people are such proud d*ck riders you'd probably get close to the same amount of views.
I didn't pay too much attention at the beginning but wow there's a lot of fluff and "before we get started" in this video. He actually starts talking about the iceberg at 10:30
#1 greatest cryptid is Smitty Werbenjaegermanjensen.
Dan Aykroyd is 100% an S-Tier cryptid.
Every time he uploads I say “This is the big project he was talking about!” Then the next video comes out even better 🔥
I will still watch the supercut even after watching all the others lol
Iceberg boy
FFS! 10 Minutes of BS! Damn just get to what we came here for! Tired of it. Unsubbing 😢
The way I screamed when I saw that Wendigoon posted 😂
So goto a little over 10 minutes if you want the actual iceberg info
me personally i would put jackalope on s tier because its cool👍
Are you related to Brandon Herrera?
I genuinely thought the Jackalope was real (as in like actually confirmed by scientests.) I didn't realize it was an urban legend lol.
Iceberg boy strikes again
Yessssssss
LETS FREAKING GO BABYYYYYYY
Mr. Wendigoon, I quite love your voice.  With most creators I skip through the sponsored sections even when I’m doing something while listening to the video, but with you, I’d listen to the sponsored section 10 times over just to hear your voice.  Keep at it and know that you’re so deserving of your fame!!!
Wendigoon has mentioned Josh gates, my life is complete
Iceberg...🍿 ready
After a 12 hour work day and a 14 hour day planned for tomorrow. This is exactly what I wanted. Wendigoon, I have never loved a YouTuber as much as you. You only post bangers. I am so genuinely thankful you put so much work into these for people like me. Thank you. 😊
Mothman was just an owl. A large specific type of owl, spotted by young people in the dark.
Awesome content
my grandfather used to tell tall tales about hoop snakes, and snow snakes
I'm so happy the coelacanth made it onto this tier! Looking forward to the rest of the series.
whale penis, huh?
The Ad Begins At 6:36, And Ends At 9:51.
Just a heads up for everyone: first Cryptid is about 10 mins in
Kraken should be S tier, reason being that it’s dope as hell
video starts at 10:31 btw
Only half hour? WWWhhhyyyy?
wendigoon  is my pookie wookie and im going to find him and keep him forever because he is mine🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
very excited about this series
Welp time to pull out the old "secret saturdays" merch and enjoy this
Yes! Another iceberg!
I've been waiting for this series. Thanks for finally getting around to it.
wake up babe wendigoon just posted
Wait i straight up just thought the jackalope was real. Of all things this is how i find out it was a joke wtf
Thanks Wendigoon
Wooooo Champie!
video starts at 10:30... 10 min intro kinda crazy ngl
*Timestamps* 10:28 Bigfoot/Sasquatch 12:14 Loch Ness Monster (Nessie) 14:21 Mothman 16:35 Kraken 18:23 Yeti/Abominable Snowman 20:04 Thylacine/Tasmanian Tiger 20:50 Skunk Ape 22:51 Champie 24:26 Chupacabra 26:34 Jackalope 28:50 Jersey Devil 30:12 Dogman 32:03 Classic animals of discovery 32:23 Sea serpent 32:40 Lauren Coleman 33:01 Fiji mermaid 33:11 Josh Gates 33:19 Coelacanth 33:44 Expedition Everest 33:50 Finding Bigfoot
Thx Wendireddit
10 minutes of intro. Damnnnn
I am SO EXCITED about this series!! love me some lil cryptid guys
“the goblin universe”
Not long enough!!!
Hey wendigoon im a aboriginal Australian and huge fan but since your taylk about Cryptids please check out the Australian horror movie based on drop bears called Carnifex I think you'll enjoy it
WE’RE SCREAMING FROM THE ROOFTOPS
not to be a um actually guy but the thylacine is on the list as there supposedly been sighted in the modern era i don't remember exactly but Forest galante did a cool little break down of it on the joe rogan pod
bro back wit da bergs got me wendi goonin
I agree that the Thylacine (pronounced thigh-la-SEEN not thigh-la-kin fyi) doesn't really count as it's "just" an exitinct animal, but I think it's been elevated to cryptid status due to the increase in "hopeful" sightings in recent years (most, if not all have been misproven) But unfortunately at the end of the day, the tassie tigers died with Benjamin...
YES THIS IS THE ONE IVE BEEN WAITING FOR LFGOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 💥💥💯💯🍻🍻🥳🥳👊👊
For someone we call iceberg boy he hasn’t made an iceberg video in a year. Excited for this new series
I've been to the international cryptozoology museum - they are very nice and have cute merch
“You eat babies.”  “We eats berries and mushrooms you fool!”
10 mins in still no cryptids
11:47 Big Foot made sweet and tender love to me and never called me back.
“The Jersey Devil” you mean everyone who lives in Jersey
My iceberg hoodie just came in today🙏🏼
The iceberg iceberg explainer comes again with something to watch finally.
Hey
Amazing finally the series I've been waiting for has started 😎, man i can't wait for part 2!
Iceberg Boy returns
That yeti on the thumbnail looking majestic
Iceberg starts at 10:30
Joe Rogan has talked about Thylacine before
The Mothman is my step father  (I’ve been waiting for a cryptid video for ages!!)
wendigoon can you clarify specifically which of these you you firmly believe in
please drop the skincare routine. I beg and I plead 😭😭
Creepcast!!!!!
LETS GOOOO NEW WINDAGOON THISLL LAST ME TO JJK THURSDAY🙏
Hot damn, so happy to see this episode! ❤
Great vid, I'm hyped for the rest! I'm also glad to see Mothman in S tier where he belongs.
Oh my God yes. At 13 I thought I was gonna be a cryptozoologist 😭
Hey wendigoon, how's married life been?
Wendigoon is an S tier Cryptid.
Shut your mouth and talk so we can enjoy, Wendyberg.
Yay! The return of Iceberg boy!
The Jackalope is also real kinda there are rabbits in the wild that sadly get sick with a disease called the The Shope papilloma virus which makes horns grow over the rabbit and kills them by preventing them from eating. Perhaps part of the legend comes from this real occurrence
I can't wait to look dripped out in my  wendigoon sweater merch.
Okay, but why the heck is Mothman so cheeked-up?
YEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPPP CRYPTID ICEBERG
FINALLY IT’S HAPPENING
Starts at 10:27
YIPPPEEE
Nessie in C tier?? …there’s a literal pennant on the wall with her name on it hahaha
Finally, I’ve waited 4..no…5 eons for this!
I thank you for this gift, Iceberg Boy.
This can be my 2023 SADvent calendar.
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK!
Wendigoon i love you but jeebus chrust get too the teir list, it took you like 10 whole minutes lol
ngl the hoodie I preordered was comfy and fire asf ‼️💯
10 30 is when the video starts
Wv boy here Moth man the G.O.A.T. with that dark lord.
Thank you Iceberg Boy! :)
MICHIGAN DOGMAN LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Dan Aykroyd?
The real cryptid is Peter Caine. Its so hard to tell if hes always being satirical, or if hes just sometimes being satirical, or if hes never being satirical. Still seems like and alright guy tho either way.
Starts at 10:30
You should rank my dad. Everyone talks about him but nobody's seen him
Thank you for the food Iceberg boy.
Good job Iceberg boy
Iceberg boy is back!!
Awesome hoodie. I've never considered getting any merch from anyone on Youtube, but you're actually awesome, and that blue with that font is just too cool.
LETTTSSS GOOOO . I haven’t even watched it yet but I’m already excited to (I’m going to watch it rn)
AWWW YIS IM HYPE FOR THIS ONE
finally a Wendigoon video that MAYBE wont get him sent to the asylum or a government torture prison
wenidgoon you have not been deep into the PNW, its dense
Pretty sure the 'cryptid-ness' of the thylacine is that its rumored to not actually be extinct. Much like bigfoot is thought to be a population of gigantopithicus.
I can't wait for the entire iceberg!!! We all love you Wendigoon and appreciate the work you put into all of your videos. Much love brotha !!
YOOOOOOO
Makes sense to me. I wouldn't mess with anyone from Australia. You need to be built different to live there.
I'd like to imagine some of these creatures were real at one point but because of climate change and these species being rare already, they died out somewhere isolated in the woods with their bodies decomposing before we started searching for them.
Thank you, looking forward to enjoying this series. Love the breakdown and descriptions
Oh hell yeah
The only reason you didn’t put Nessie into S tier, is because she got Tree Fiddy from you.
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
Love the video my man but... how to be S/A/B tier: be from the US xD
Fuck yess cryptid iceberg
babe wake up, a new iceberg video just dropped
WOOOOOO YEAAAAH THATS RIGHT MY BOI COELACATH STILL OUT THERE BALLIN
I wonder if South Bay Bessie is going to make an appearance
Here we go again
looking forward to all the content let’s see some deep diving!
I would buy every product wendi talk about on those sponsors.  But man, i miss the good olds magic spoon sponsors
This is the first Wendigoon video I've seen in years. The Cryptid iceberg brought me back. It's so strange seeing how fast he went from 2000 to 3 mil.
IVE BEEN TO POINT PLEASANT I LOVE THE MOTHMANNNN RAAAAAA
What about iceberg cryptids?
I love how bro had to cut after taking a sip😂
It’s been 2 years since I fell asleep to an iceberg video but I finally can
wendigoon is the best youtuber since mr beast💯
Hey look the iceberg boy posted
YES YES YES MORE WENDIGOON CONTENT
Your pronunciation of thylacine activated my fight or flight response. Other wise great video! Love your content
😮 it's time
Hoping to see Ogopogo, even tho it’s super Nessie-ish.
when I get the notification that wendigoon drops a new video .. AND it’s an iceberg, I drop everything I’m doing and shit down for it
FYI, It's spelled Loren Coleman and not Lauren.
Forest Galante
You always make things easy to process and engaging, super excited to finally see this done. Mothman will ALWAYS be S tier. Thank you so much Wendigoon, seeing you expand and grow as a creator is so deserved.
Iceberg Boy returns!!
Video starts at 10:30
Let's goooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Yaay!! Iceberg boy posted!!
I sense “a snipe hunt” becoming the new “what have you.”
Aww, yes, Lauren Coleman, my favorite cryptid. A truly mysterious figure.
Hi Wendigoon, you are the only person that I’ve ever head pronounce Thylacine in that way. I’m not wanting to start an argument, but you normally hear the last syllable (cine) pronounced as “seen”.  I also need to add that New Zealand has no native mammal species, other than bats and seals, so the Thylacine was not found there.  Thylacine were native in Papua New Guinea as it was part of the Australian continent.  J
Critikal makes really boring content now, not that it was anything top tier before hand. It's just now boring YouTube manure with his commie buddies.
THIS IS LITERALLY THE ONLY THING I WANTED FOR CHRISTMAS🎄🎄🎄
Shitting and pissing rn
3 seconds in and I'm effin stoked
taking 10 minutes to get into the actual video is insane tho
I can already tell before watching you are far more excited aboht this than we are
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
if the fresno nightcrawlers and the sandown clown don't get S tier, i'm gonna riot
iceberg starts at 10:30
Thylacine sounds like a drug or enzyme  Has wacky anatomy  S tier
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Hope we get to see my main man Gef the Talking Mongoose later down the iceberg
Video starts at 10:30
i find it hilarious how the Jackrabbit was basically one of the first American memes
Hey wengi! I've been waiting for this! Proud to say I've been following your channel since you were under 10k subscribers. Hope your doing great+
As a born and raised Florida Man, I can confirm that the skunk ape is just some random guy named Wes or Jerry or some shit who just took the term "one with nature" a little too far
I love the Jersey Devil. Its such a cool and interesting story imo. A good cryptid to make a horror movie out of for damn sure
Im here to rip on him for his pronunciation of thylacine
13:00 can we talk about how "nessy" looks absolutely tiny in that photo?
Video starts at 10:30
I WAS LITERALLY THINKING ABOUT YOU MAKING SOMETHING LIKE THIS TODAY. You're the best person to talk about this stuff. I'm really hyped. keep up the good work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( I just realized kelly hopkins encounter is on the third tier omg )
I drew a pic of a cherub for wendigoony on ig for him but he never liked.......so fuckin sad rn its unreal bruv 😔 anyways good video
The letters on the white board need to be larger
Ik these gotta suck to make, but I’m so glad you do.  Love your Biblical stuff too, it’s like having conversations with my homies
Hey take your time I love your videos and need to catch up any way 😊
I see House of Leaves on your desk at 8:59 Possible future video
Yesssssss so excited for this
another wendigoon iceberg video and its cyrpids?! omg this is early christmas!!
YES! YES
I know Mothman from Shin Megami Tensei and I can confirm he is a very cool boy who is also very cute
11 min intro cmon wendigoon don’t do us like the other guys
Dearly beloved brethren and sistren,   Big blessings   Amen  Ok but really I freakin live n dai for your uploads oh homie of all homies
Yo you gotta chill that’s too much quality
LETS GOOO MY TWO FAVORITE THINGS CRYPTIDS AND WENDIGOON IM IN LOVE
I love that you included a picture of Harold from the Disneyland Matterhorn in the Yeti section of this!
The real cryptid is the fact that everytine I fall asleep I wake up to a 2 hour wendigoon video
LETS GOO! I found your channel very early on and its awesome to see how far you’ve come. This is somewhat of a full circle moment considering your name is based off a cryptid.
Video starts at 10:30
First off, CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY, NEW ICEBERG.  Second… 2 podcasts… one with MoistCritikal and one with MeatCanyon????  Fuck I’m so happy man!! 🎉
Cryptids are honestly the only paranormal thing that scares me. Ghosts and the supernatural just are a vibe. Ty wendigoon for the awesome and engaging content. You never miss, man!
The rougarou is a Bigfoot type creature that creeps the swamps of Louisiana. He’s been known to take unruly children out of their home never to be seen again.
OMG it's happening, everybody remain calm it's happening
Iceberg boyyy lets goo
I love you but 10 mins, 1/3 of the video is when the content starts. I’m gonna complain 😂ok done
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Out of any time I could’ve existed I’m thankful I was alive to watch Wendigoon as he dropped nonstop bangers.
Icerberg starts at 10:34
The upgraded video quality is crispy af
Took 10 and a half minutes to start😭
NGHHHHHHHHHH
I love my dad
Oh wow my eyes must be going bad because that sure as fuck doesn't look like the mold iceberg  What the hell man
Wiener butt
Faltou só o chupacu de goianinha
Blink and you'll miss it. My ass had barely settled into the cushion when you started wrapping up the video. Curse you; you've left us wanting but you know we'll be back. 👾
Wow! It must be my birthday!
“Tasmanian tiger native to Tasmania New Zealand and Australia ….” Who’s gonna tell him Tasmania is part of Australia 😳
Just to let everybody know it's 10 and a half minutes before the actual video starts.
Idk if it's directly related to the Dog Man of myth, but a recent analog horror series by Piggy Soda ( @dognightmares) features a dog-headed man. Which directly reference William Wegman's old videos on YouTube.
There is a dog headed saint in the Catholic Church.  One is Eastern Orthodox depiction of St. Christopher, and the other an actual dog that was venerated by locals in an area of France, but not recognized by the Vatican. This was early medieval period.
❤ Thank you
You're speaking my language, wendy
hell yeah ice berg boy!!
That blue hoodie merch goes so hard 🔥
25:20 you forgot to mention that Mike Tyson once beat the shit out of a chupacabra after it attacked and killed a ranch hand, Mike was obviously excited cause that meant he can beat the shit out the chupacabra which is something he never beat the shit out of before
The Lake Baikal critters are one of my favourite alien/cryptid encounter stories. It's so wacky yet believable.
Christmas came early !! Love this can’t wait for the rest of them
BABE WAKE UP NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG JUST DROPPED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh god.
thank you mr goon I am pleased  edit: fuck you the loch ness monster is awsome
Damn it took you 10 minutes to stop yappin
Wendi's lookin good toDAY
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY BOYS
YESSSSSSS
Let’s gooooo new iceberg from the iceberg boy!
Love the video, love the content. I can live with the smaller timestamp if it means new parts show up more frequently, I’d say that’s a pretty even trade off.   Also it’s really great to see you get back to iceberg content. I love all your content from conspiracy deep dives to ARG and analog horror videos and I’m really happy that you are giving us such diverse content but I fell in love with your channel watching the iceberg videos so it’s great to see you revisiting this type of content.   It’s weird to say I feel nostalgic for a kind of video from a channel I’ve only been watching for like two years but I really do. Hearing the old iceberg music again after so long was really cool.
Josh Gates’s shows are just fun. Also Expedition Everest scares me so bad. I hate that ride so much.   Glad to see you back to Icebergs my dude. Can’t wait for more!
Finally. I've been waiting for you to do something like this, Isaiahberg boy.
Humans are fascinated by cryptids, because we are the cryptids to nature.
Yaaaaaa
LET’S GO ICEBERG BOY!!!!
Totally off topic to the whole cryptid thing but I thought it would still be cute to share that I own a bearded dragon actually named Kraken, and she is a very sweet and snuggly lady. :D She also loves bananas when she’s allowed to have them lol.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
But there are tons of rumors that the Tasmanian Tiger is still alive though no sightings have been confirmed
Yasssss
I am unable to express my pure, unbridled joy. When I was a kid, I was obsessed with cryptids, but there wasn’t too much information about them. Granted how much I enjoyed the conspiracy theory iceberg, I can’t wait for this to be done. May the rolling giant bless you with his kind eyes, Isaiah. Thank you.
Like 10 minutes of bs in and still not what i came here for.. Undubbed and out
Rahhhh wendigoon posted
Yes please I need to see the rest of this iceberg
8 minute intro (including ad) is kinda crazy😭
me: ah, is this wendigoon's magnum opus? his doctoral thesis?? wendigoon: as i continued to put it off... me: ahhh yup, a phD student.
this what they called yo mom in high school 24:30
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Ohhhhh my it's happening is happening everyone!!
Iceberg boy at it again! (And I'm stoked)
HERE AT THE BEGINNING
Thank god
Damn we gotta wait to get to that good bottom of the iceberg stuff
video starts at 9:51
Bruh, 1/3 of this video is intro and an ad read. Good Lord, dude.
On the first day of Christmas, Wendigoon sent to me, a Cryptid Iceberg in a tier list
Cryptids are pretty dumb in general, especially if one believes they exist, but the iceberg is still entertaining to watch/listen to.
If Iceberg Boy has millions of fans, I am one of them. If Iceberg Boy has one fan, I am one of them. If Iceberg Boy has NO fans, I am no longer of this world. I love Iceberg Boy.
was so disappointed when I saw it was only 30 mins long, sooo fuckin relieved to hear that this is only part one. I can't get enough of Wendi !
Been following for a while yet this is the first actual Iceberg I'll be watching
UM SIR DID I SEE HOUSE OF LEAVES IN THE BACKGROUND OF THE SPONSOR SEGMENT?? HOUSE OF LEAVES ANALYSIS VIDEO???
Last time he did an iceberg series his subscriber count increase exponentially
Ten entire minutes on fluff before the video starts.  Wild.
Wendigoon! My man, my guy, my dude. Have you heard of the Angel Hare series yet? It's short, sweet, and you NEED to cover it. The whole series is less than an hour long and it will make cry tears of nostalgia for a series you've never even seen. Please give it a watch.
This dude hates getting to the point
I love iceberg boy
Wendi I love you but it’s not Lake Loch Ness, it’s Loch Ness. Loch is Scottish for Lake (like how Lac is French for Lake, Lago is Spanish for Lake, etc.)
Well if you want to maximize your profit this is the best way of doing it why get a few million views on one video when you can get a few million views on a bunch of videos I mean that's just good business.
Iceberg boy is back
The Nessie slander is heartbreaking
10:30 iceberg Begins
HEY BABYYYYY 😩🙏
Wendi, seven minutes of wind, and you're still pitching brand. Bad form.
As a Puerto Rican who grew up in the 90s I was TERRIFIED of the Chupacabra… it was on the Spanish news all the time and it was just as dramatic as any Spanish novela
Breaking news, wendigoon steals huge shipment of blue dye.
Listening to a fresh creepy wendigoon video on a night walk in my pasture. Life is good.
10 minutes of a 35 minute video being chatting about nothing in particular is honestly an absolutely wild introduction to you and if all your videos are like this, i have absolutely no clue what the hype is about.
Happy Holidays! Love me a good Wendi binge.
Thank you! Maybe one day we’ll get that WW2 video after all 😅
That wedding ring looks mighty good on you, congrats again!
don't force yourself to do 2 tiers an episode, no one is gonna mind if these video dip into the next year
thank you for the Thanksgiving Gift, 'Berg Boy
I want one of those “the moth man stole my catalytic converter” shirts
I've actually seen a jackalope as a kid while camping. Ever since it's been my favorite cryptid
Yesssirr thanks windigoon 🙏🏽
10:25 is when the video begins proper
iceberg boy is back with another ship sinking banger
Iceberg boy earning his keep
Father has blessed us with content today. We are thankful
Real glad to see icebergboy going back to his roots.
Never in my life have I needed a video so bad and never known till I received it…
Mothman got some CAKE
first discovered you from the 9 hour conspiracy theory iceberg, so glad i get to come along for the ride for this one! keep it up iceberg boy
me watching the colour changing lights in the corner for half an hour 👁️👄👁️
where does the hamburglar rank?
the jackalope is the american drop bear i think
hi wendigoon
We're going to be eating good for a while boys
Video starts at 10:30
Video starts at 10:32 you’re welcome
10:33 is when it starts
I would love to see you do a series on the dark/deep web!
The dogman has been around for centuries, they were called the cynocephaly. Saint Christopher was a cynocephaly.
I just got back from Utah and bought a postcard detailing the jackalope, one thing you forgot to mention about the hunting permit is that you can only buy it from your local AA on June 31st
this is just like hanukkah to me
What's funny is some people and I were talking about this last night in overwatch
I can’t wait till he covers my fav cryptid: fnaf ballon boy
A being that has sightings across all the continent, it suck blood from animals and has countless histories around it = C tier. On the other hand, a taxidermy silly joke = b tier. Cant take this too serious but when i dont think about it and just deal with the fact that this is just your opinion, considering your contextn, i decide to just turn off my brain and try to enyoy it.
Honestly waiting for a new magic spoon ad to drop
Heck yeah! I really hope you get to the snallygaster, marylands weird tentacle chicken dragon
Love your content never stop.❤
1) I'm expecting Wendi to lose his spaghetti every time a giant shows up. 2) Mothman isn't interesting. It's a pre-internet Slenderman with a mythos that ran out of control. Enjoy your new Tulpa. 3) The Thylocine *MIGHT* still be alive in Papua New Guinea. The locals have "recent" sighting stories about things that looked like them.
Iceberg boy is back! Currently there is someone running a lawn mower outside at 10:00pm..and that guys is for sure a cryptid, add him in.
Yippie!
Windigoon will singlehandedly reunite america with his iceberg videos.
It may have taken you a year, but it’s been decades and still, my dad didn’t come back from the store. So don’t feel bad, Wenny.
Is it weird that my biggest connection to most of these creatures is just Phineas and Ferb?
Conspiracy Jesus has brought us Christmas early!
WE ARE SO BACK
Idk i feel like Bigfoot is the lamer of the two. The Yeti is in the Himalayan’s which is just so mysterious and whole other thing in itself, Bigfoot is just kinda chillin in the woods.
Iceberg boy back at it again 🎉
Man what a waste of 10 minutes at the beginning. You almost lost me there.
can’t wait to see the rap1st centaur
Its happening!
I need that color changing atomic structure!
Oh hell yeah, Iceberg Boy back at it again
New iceberg vid from wendigoon we arent worthy
Christmas did indeed come early, twice!!! Currently wearing the same hoodie right now as I watch. Today is a good day 😌
I can't take Sasqet seriously. I think of a combination of sasquatch and rockettes, and it's just long hairy legs kicking.
GIANTS
IM SO EXCITED
Hmm....the guy your doing the podcast with, MeatCanyon? That was my wife's name back in college! Never did figure out where it came from. Figured she just ate a lot of beef jerky or somethin. Probably nothing. And as always thank you for your videos. Even if I have never heard of the subject, they are always just enjoyable to watch. You got a voice smooth as a Moth Mans bronze glutes! Cant blame your ol lady for copping a feel! Beautiful things gotta be enjoyed by any stranger who passes by, thats what my wife always says anyways. Shes a sweetheart. All my friends love her!   Ok I feel this has gone way father than I planned or wanted it to so....bye! And congrats on getting hitched!! Im surprised you have time to make videos right now. Giggidy giggidy GOO!!  Just joshin you buddy! All the best WG!
wendingoob :)
As someone who lives in Point pleasant, I feel special
YESSSSSSSS FINALLY
Sweet, so WW2 should be right around the corner, right?   Oh, I made myself sad.
i saw the list has the yowie on it (australias bigfoot) but it didnt have the bunyip (australian swamp beast) or the Yara-ma-yha-who (frogman) so id recomend looking them up aswell
As someone who lives on Lake Champlain, Champ (I’ve never met anyone who has called him Champie) is absolutely loved by like everyone here. I’m glad you covered him because he’s such an important staple for my state. Kinda salty he was put in D tier though. Champ is a S tier in my heat
the greatest early christmas present
WELL, WELL, WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT, SOMEBODY! FINALLY DECIDED TO COME AROUND. WELL I'LL SAY, ITS ABOUT DAME TIME! (JK love ya)
Finally. You don’t know how long we’ve been waiting for this. Well you do. A year at least. Anyway, thank you.
Yup officially my favorite creator now
YEESSSSSSSS oh btw Wendyboon you need to get on that goddamn giants stuff, we need the deep dive like yesterday man, love you my friend and you’re a legend of legends
LETS. FUCKING. GOOOOO
Let's goooooo
I ❤ ICEBERGS, I ❤ CRYPTIDS, I ❤ WENDIGOON THIS IS PERFECT
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
the point of the video doesnt start until a 1/3 of the way trough it at 10:28
Legit want to see Wendigoon talk about Brazilian cryptids like ET Bilu and The Goianinha Ass Sucker😅 Either way, I'm hyped for this series since cryptozoology is something I enjoy a ton
Yay!!
Video starts at 10:25.
MORE MORE MORE MORE
Wake up babe, new Wendigoon video just dropped
There’s actually a disease rabbits can get that cause creatinine growths on the body, sometimes growing on the head, which probably led to the earliest stories of jackalopes
The iceberg king!
YAAAAAAAAAAY-!!!!!
thylacine is pronounced  thigh-la-sign, big guy
thanks iceberg boy
It’s the boy!
To make a long ad longer
Loving our Christmas present. Lol
FINALLY, SOMEONE TALKS ABOUT THE WEXFORD DOGMAN. Nobody ever talks about the origin of it being in Wexford county!
Huzzah iceberg boy has returned
Homie took ten and a half minutes to start the iceberg
happy wendigoon post day everybody. :) :) :) :) :) :)
A new video! Time to watch all the iceberg videos! Again!
I cannot believe that the “world-famous” Chupagator (half Chupacabra, half alligator) wasn’t included. Such a shame.
Iceberg boy is back with another iceberg video😂
stupid excited
here we go again :)
ICEBERG BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG VIDEO 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Lfgggg I’ve been waiting for you to do this for so long!
Thank youuuu!! I needed this today
The only reason I know what a chupacabra even is is because of TWD
It starts at 10:30
I think the reason the Tasmanian tiger was on there was that numerous people believe it didn’t go extinct and is just hiding.
learning that the Jackalope is nothing but a massive community shitpost was definitely not on my 2023 bingo sheet
If you grew up camping in Wexford County brother let me tell you, as a kid, the dog man was terrifying. Good song tho.
I live near were champie was spotted nobody actually talks about him like at all
YES ICEBERG BOY HAS RETURNED
LETS GOOO. Merry Christmas to you & the Wife!
Wendigoon maxing.
Video actually starts at 10:25
still waiting for you to do a whole video on wendigoon
the way my jaw dropped when i saw this pop up on my youtube app
I need a 5hr long Bigfoot wendigoon video
I just got home from work to this and YES FINALLY YEAHHHHHH
yesssyessyessssss been waiting for this brutha , thankyoouuu🫶
I can always count on Iceberg boy to put me to sleep.  Thanks Iceberg boy
HELL YEAH ILY❤️❤️❤️
Can't wait to watch this Gem tomorrow!
LETSGOOOOOOO ICEBERG BOI is back at his job
OH MY GOD YES YES YES THANK YOU JESUS
The Dogman is like if people started talking about Purple People Eater sightings
Haven't watched this yet, but I'm hoping that he doesn't mix up leshy, fleshgaits, wendigos, and skinwalkers like everyone seems to like doing.
The jackalope is real, I seent it and took a shot at it but it bounced off its hide. They're faster than a pronghorn, can teleport 2 inches in any direction, are bullet proof in the rain, and make a mocking bird like laugh when you fail to hunt one. They're cool but very tough to hunt, you need a bullet with a 4 leaf clover carved on it to even have a small chance of penetrating its hide
GOBLIN UNIVERSE?
Mothman, S tier   No discussion   Moths are the greatest thing known to man
10 minute intro is crazy
hell yess!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Ten minutes in and hasn't even started yet
Went to the museum a couple years ago and had a blast! Was really happy to see a little on my personal favorite cryptid, MOMO!
this is perfect thank you
Tyla KINE or Tyla SEEN ? 🤔
I was a boy scout in new jersery growing up and your coverage of the new jersery devil was pretty good, neat to see something i grew up with covered here, also ive camped in the pine barrens alot, its 1000% cursed really weird vibe
Cool fact here, the cryptid wiki on fandom has exactly 1474 cryptids listed.
This video couldn’t have come at a better time
Thanks for the video. Really interesting.
My favorite is the Thylacine( Tasmanian Tiger) and I will never stop believing they still exist in the jungles of Papa New Guinea, Australia, etc... they are SO fascinating to me! Those mouths are insane and the fact that they have pouches (look up photos of the pouch showing) and what they look like is just so friggin cool
Iceberg boi back at it again. Lets Go!!!!!!
"A species that is now dead so sad" had me cracking up.
“I know some of you only enjoy videos related to real life events, some of you only enjoy content that is related to the realm of fiction.”  My good sir most of us enjoy your content, some may prefer one type over the other but we are all here to watch and enjoy you doing it.
Thank you, Iceberg Boy
0:00 mr beast jumpscare
hwbahagqfqgsha NEW ICE BRUGE
Man, I thought La Llorona would be in this tier!
A product shilled on youtube will never be worth the price, they're all zoomer scams. Especially 'nutrition' products. Show me your real science.
What a marvelous advent calender event. Jolly good show
Let’s fucking (Wendi)gooooooooooooooo!
THE RETURN OF ICEBERG BOY
when flat earth iceburg
YOOOOOOOOO
Looks like imma be here for the long run 😭😭 love ur content
Bigfoot would be pretty similar to humans. Some are good, some are bad, some are territorial, some are avoidant of all contact. Some native tribes were absolutely vicious and violent when they wanted or needed to be, while others were peace-seeking or isolationist, I feel that Bigfoot would be similar.
I can already tell this iceberg was made by an american. This is the first time I hear about dogman, and this is meant to be the first tier
Haven’t seen the video yet, but hooo boy I’m excited!
I was serving on a supply ship years ago. I've see first hand the huge and unusual things that swim away from the hull in the dead of night.
I was thrown off because I don't watch your "fiction" icebergs but this one is a perfect fit!
I can’t stop thinking about that video of big foot throwing a guy around and then falling down a mountain and dying if you know you know
I’m from Wyoming! The jackalope actually is usually portrayed as a jack rabbit + pronghorn (antelope) here.
LETS GOOOOOOOO GOOOON IS BACK
YEESSSSS MORE WENDIGOON
Always good to Iceberg Boy honor his namesake
Iceberg Boy Returns 🧊🥬
LET'S GOOOOO!!!
Hey wendigoon if you need any recommendations for a video, I think a secret societies iceberg would be pretty cool if that’s possible, great vid by the way keep it up👍🙏
UNFATHOMABLY BASED
iceberg boy back at it
Ooooooh a Crypted video. Hells yeah
WOOOOOO🎉🎉 EXCITED FOR THE NEW SERIES!
Just finished watching the red thread and this video just dropped. 😂🎉
The iceberg hoodie just arrived in the mail today. Was not disappointed. Super cool and comfy
One step closer to the giants iceberg, iceberg boy
foob-
I knew Wendigoon would blow up the second I saw the first video on icebergs. No body is producing such great honest content.
I've been to the International Cryptozoology Museum. It's small but full of so many interesting things. What I love is they include real animals that were once considered crytpids/extinct, and they also note when something is a known hoax. I loved the map of Maine that shows various types of sightings. In my area they had large cat sightings listed. Which is funny because my dad himself has seen a large cat that "doesn't exist" in this area. I was also told by my step father that someone owned a lion decades ago and it had escaped and been on the loose for a while before they caught it. Which seems so outlandish until you watch something like Tiger King and realize that people illegally owning big cats is just a fact of life apparently! Looking forward to this iceberg. 🥂
FINALLYY
I swear I saw a jackalope when I was a kid and my mom saw it too. It was a bit different than the commonly cited look. This one had the antlers and it had the rabbit body, but it had back legs similar to a rooster. It was in our garage and it was well-lit. I concede that maybe it's back legs were just in bad shape and they resembled rooster legs, but it 100% had antlers.
I can’t be the only one still waiting for the giants video
Hey Wendi have you committed  war crimes??????😊
I can't wait for the goblin universe reveal
FINALLY
Anyone else think he looks like Tristian Tate 🤣
wait why does the mothman statue have a butt
I disagree with the tier list choices so damn hard it's unreal but thats alright. Cool vid.
Iceberg boy…save me… Iceberg boy Save me iceberg boy…
Forrest Galante has been tracking and searching for thylacine for years and recently got footage of what appears to be one alive in the wild you should go check out
Wendigoon icebergs iceberg when
Mmmm CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY!!!!
BUT WHY IS IT SO SHORT :( need longer
Yeah I'm pretty sure I lived with Bigfoot for a time, and Mt mom is married to him. Or it could be a cousin of the real bigfoot.
WendiGOON
snubbing nessie this early smfh
Dropping pieces of a cryptid iceberg all December seems like the Wendigoon version of an advent calendar.
Denwinoog!!
Thy-la-seen
I can’t explain the level of joy and excitement I feel when YouTube tells me he just posted a new video. The best content creator on the platform. Period.
Oh godd
YES YES MORE MORE
another video 🗿
I was literally just thinking that a wendigoon video would go well with my dinner
great vid and looking forward to the rest of the series!
I just need someone to connect the dog man to the cynocephali or plum island.
Video starts at 10:00
Wendigoon uploaded. Amen 🫂
I'm curious to see if the not deer is on the iceberg. It's pretty new to my understanding in comparison with a lot of these cryptids, but it has to be one of my favorites. Living in Appalachia, deer on the side of the roads are almost a given when driving around, and I've seen some that just aren't quite right. So when I heard about the not deer, those few strange experiences just clicked into place so perfectly and make for a fun creepy cryptid.
10 minute intro sheeeeesh
Where is the cod zombies lore video
video starts at 10:30 btw
LETS GOOOO!!!
Why did I not get a notification!
Thank you for mentioning the coast Salish origins of Sasquatch! I live by the Salish sea (the sea of which the coast Salish tribes are native to) and it’s pretty awesome to live in the origin grounds for the most famous cryptid of all time. (Yes, there is Bigfoot/Sasquatch art and merch EVERYWHERE here)
I do think Mothman is honestly the face of cryptozoology, at least in the west. It's the classic architypical mythological monster, but created in the modern day with modern ideas of what animals and people are like.  It really is just straight up a modern Myth, no nagging little asterisks or qualifiers, its even treated like the myths of old too, at least in our modern renditions of those traditions (statues of metal instead of sculptures of clay, for example).   And I actually do agree the skunk ape is scarier then Bigfoot, because with Bigfoot's mythos, theres an implied intelligence there, an implied intent. If Bigfoot comes to kill you, the mythos it's your fault. The skunk ape is just a wild, scared animal. And when a scared animal is cornered, intentionally or not, it'll do anything to survive.
HOLY FUCK NEW HUNTING LIST
Make another episode of the wired bible podcast!!!
Any chance for more deeper dives? I absolutely love those. Keep up the good work! 😊
I don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for this iceberg
🫘
Just a quick one, thylacine is pronounced sounding like thigh-la-seen
dude the music is back I got some pumped when I heard that horn loop
Dude it’s like you read my mind!!! My three favourite things!!! Wendigoon, cryptids, and icebergs!!! I am so ready for this hell yeah!!!!!!!
ICEBERG 🧊 🧊 🧊 🧊 TIME
yo
Scp video when
Is anybody else curious to what grade he got on the Chupababra presentation?
Babe wake up a new Wendigoon vid dropped!!!
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
That you wouldn't put Bigfoot in B for bigfoot and abominable snowman in A for abominable snowman is a missed opportunity 😭😭
Very good! More, please!!!
Yaaaaaaas!
A new iceberg series?? I think yes please!
26:58 Man, now I want a kabobble
an ICEBERG ?!?! okay wendi lets go lol
This is great! Looking forward to the next.
Get to it iceberg boy.🧊
Hey awright! So glad Mothman is S tier. I work for the post Office and saw in the mail a postcard someone sent from the Flatwoods museum saying he was so much better than the Mothman. I was furious.
YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
Video starts at 10:33
Its ok I didn't notice your light im to busy shaking some heavy cream in my old moonshine jar to make fresh butter roll tide im also outside on my porch and its 34 degrees thank you for keeping me warm
NEW ICEBERG VIDEO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Earned a like for putting mothman at S teir!
Iceberg Boy at it again hell yeah
I am so sure the picture he used for the  Loch Ness monster is Jar Jar Binks
Could you do an Iceberg based on the realm of Chaos Theory there is a lot of interesting relationships between the Natural Frequency, Damping Ratio, and the Stability of real life systems and how they are all generalized as 2nd Order Differential Equations
Your rise to fame is incredible The simple attention to detail and quality as well as accuracy makes your videos so good. Been around since the beginning and i listen to your icebergs like a podcast Please make an iceberg iceberg
Go back on the unsubscribe podcast you coward!
Wendigoon, I'm aware you won't see this comment, but others will likely comment about this too.  Tasmanian Tigers ARE a cryptid. Their existence IS debated. It is still not fully known if they are extinct. People have reported seeing them many times, and there have been numerous hoaxes of footage found of them, as well as several unconfirmed pieces of footage.
Wooo Icebergboy doing icebergs again
Lake Loch Ness huh? Lake Lake Ness Rio Grande River Ay Dios Mio
I'm from Vermont, and it really warmed my heart when you talked about Champy. Even though it was D tier
video strats at 10:31
This is a monumental day.
Nice job Iceberg Boy!
whoa, how dare you make a short video... Nah jk, awesome vid. I'll be here regardless of what kind of videos u upload. u could upload a 20 hour naruto amv and I'd probably watch it xD
Oh yeah, boys. We'll be Wendigooning all through December.
Another great video by the fantastic Ice burg boy!!!
Wendigoon, you literally make people's day better. We all love what you do dude
poptropica gave me a fear of the jersey devil. that stupid cartoon rendering scared the absolute shit out of me as a kid
Champie getting B tier yet Chupacabra getting C tier is CRIMINAL
Bear man pig?
Iceberg boi
I finally got my poster and it goes crazy
I cannot wait for our 12 days of cryptid bergs
Oh shit son
Yes !!! A new video!! I literally binged everything you've done or guested in that ive found interesting. & now there is more. What a marvelous concept
My man looking fresh in this lighting.
yoooo pissboy uploads another iceberg!!!! My week is made!!! 🍻
Thy-la-seen
PLEASE MAKE THE HOODIE IN BLACK!!!! I want it so bad but I am of the goth variety and must commit to it
Hey Windigoon I’ve been listening/watching both you and Charlie for a good while, you almost since you started and Charlie over the last like 3 or 4 years, I heard you say that you and Charlie did a whole podcast episode just on the goat man and I have an insane story to tell from my experience at goat man’s bridge I’ve tried reaching out to Charlie before about it but he has never seen my message. I could dm it to you guys or send a voice message if you want to hear it I’d love to tell, big love for all you guys do I’ll download another social media and try to dm you too in hopes you see it
I wonder if the Jersey Devil was (all or part of) the inspiration for H.P  Lovecraft' short story 'The Unnameable', wherein two friends with morbid/superstitious tendancies are attacked in the dark during a conversation?  (They were attacked by a... strange (unnameable) thing... as they were sitting on an ancient, strange tomb near a long-abandoned, infamous old house...)
YAYYYY DAD IS BACK!!1!1!!!
10 fucking mins of filler before the video
On the first day of Christmas wendigoon grants me one part of a iceberg on a website
Here we go Iceberg boi at it again
i know he must not be named.. but the scungilli man better be on here
10:30 Iceberg starts
This is awesome ily
I'm hoping the Snallygaster is on this iceberg. As a MD native I'm tired of the Goatman or the Chesapeake Bay Monster (a la Nessie) being the only two cryptids from my state. The Snallygaster is not only from Maryland, but also from my home county, Frederick.   TL; DR: The Snallygaster deserves as much love as Mothman and Bigfoot
I’m here for the Wampus Cat
Mothman is real. He keeps trying to get into my room at night. Pretty annoying.   (I'm joking but some huge ass moths keep trying to get in)
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
"Boy am I excited"  _Wendigoon's first words of the first part of the conspiracy theory iceberg, 2020_
BABE WAKE UP WENDIGOON DROPPED A NEW ICEBERG VIDEO ‼‼‼‼
Let’s fucking go Mothman!!! I totally agree!
This did not show up in my subscriptions
Dont get me wrong wendigoon i love all your videos. i find the icebergs informative, but i feel like youve grown past these videos
He might get to it later, but fun fact there are multiple species of animals that began as cryptids and were later discovered to be real. A lot of weird monkeys and birds and stuff from places like the Congo or East Asia. Basically being a colonial era explore was the scariest job on earth until deep sea welders were forced into existence.
YOOOO JOSH GATES!!! I LOVE WATCHING HIS STUFF
I dont wanna iceberg, I wanna hear daddy Wendy tell me the orthodox tales of how Satan's foot got frostbite up Ivan the Terrible's ass😂
nobody:  the B at 14:50 : ⬆️↙️⬅️↘️⬆️⬇️↗️➡️↘️
Video 5 of making sure Skelly is still in the back
It turns out the dogman is just bastet vacationing from egypt lol
I grew up on the jersey devil always loved that story
10/10 video Moth man is S tier!!!
Got the sweatshirt for my birthday. It's seriously incredible. Thanks for providing quality merch Wendigoon
well this is nice, i have been having some bad thoughts tonight goon, this is very helpful, it feels weird to say it and mean it but this the light i needed i think.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bro I love ur vids but it literally took 10 min to get to the vid or like 8 not counting the sponsor lol
I’m disappointed with the chupacabra rank because the legend stretches up to the Philippines and it also has bat like wings
ICEBERG BOY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
You know it's going to be a good day when Wendiking posts a cryptid iceberg
Hello!
There is a disease rabbits can get causing growths there heads, there is a second photo that goes along with the skunk ape photo the second being it standing up and making a different face.
Um, it's name is champ not champie. Just saying
Skipped sea serpent??? 😢
Iceberg boy back is finally back where he belongs
Iceberg? Check Wendigoon? Check Classic smooth music to contrast the absolute horrors that lay before our very eyes? Check  Gotta love it!
My best friend introduced me to wendigoon, and I hate and love him for it 😂😂
I have lived in Michigan for literally my entire life. Did not know we had a dogman. I now find my state 5% less dull.
I just got my hoodie today and it’s AMAZING 💙
<3 I hope and think thatt your sub numbers speak for themselves on what your viewers want from your content. I first started off strictly for you Inferno of Dante series, yet here I am for this vid also <3  Stay strong, Wendi. you got this, make the videos that youre passionate about. Your subs will stay here for ya.
Wendigoon this is why you are probably one of my favorite channels. Cryptids are probably the coolest folklore monsters around, especially of North America.
iceberg boy at it again
Let's goooo
iceberg boy giving us the iceberg we wanted, keep up the good work iceberg boy
"Bigfoot to some is a monster who kills people in the woods and to others he is a guardian of nature."  So basically you're saying he's the proto Ted K.
the video starts at 9:50 for anyone who needs a timestamp
WHEN I SAW THIS ON MY FEED I GOT SO EXCITED I LOVE WENDIGOON AND CRYPTIDS IM SO HAPPY IT FINALLY CAME OUT!
I’d like to see some more SCP content
I honestly think the Kraken was based off of the Giant Squid, which has only been recorded on video twice. The most recent sighting was in the Gulf of Mexico in 2020, but given it was already 10 ft. long and still considered a juvenile, who knows how big they can get. Either way, great video Wendigoon! I'm excited to see where the rest of the series goes
.... This video starts at 10:27
I’m a simple man. I see a Wendi video and I die of envy knowing I’ll never be half the dude he is.
17:45 hope everyone likes calamari because pretty soon with the absurd overfishing of specific countries there ain’t gonna be any bony fish left to enjoy…
7:13 I was expecting magic spoon mayhem again
I really hope the iceberg covers indrid cold. Its my favorite of the cryptids and i love how he ties into the mothman but he honestly has some real potential to be horrifying and im kinda sad hes never really talked about much
Iceberg boy back at it again!
Iceberg boy has gone back to his roots. Thankyou wendiberg <3
ICEBERG BOY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Very happy with mothman's placement on the tier list.
I love your videos, but I didn’t like how it took you over 10 minutes just to get to the content
when i was a kid i literally loved jackalopes they were so fascinating to me (still are)
YESSSS THANK YOU MR. WENDI
ICEBERG???? i thought u did them all
HOMENS, VOLTOU!!! O WENDY ACABOU DE COMEÇAR UM NOVO ICEBERG. É REAL! ELE ESTÁ DE VOLTA!
Yo wendigoon someone is posting your audio to Spotify, that you?
The intro is WAAAAAY TOO LONG🙏🏻
The Tasmania Tiger is a wild tale, cause even to this day they say if you could still find some deep in Tasmania, its like a real cryptid
Every time you say "as always", i expect you to say "TRAIN UNTAMEEEDDDDDD!!!"
Man based on what people say, I'd be suprised not to see someones mom on here
33:18  I saw a documentary from the 1950s about someone who accidentally ingested coelacanth blood and turned into a Neanderthal.
"My wife touched mothman's butt at point pleasant west virginia" would make a good novelty shirt
I think Wendigoon is a cryptid. I feel I heard bout him for like 8 years now. However I only subbed like last week.
hell yeah brother
Wow what a way to end the day
A NEW AGE
I will always love cryptid stuff. And Wendigoon.
ICEBERG BOY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Create an E teir for cryptids that don't have that much of a story and are not interesting for that reason or something similar  I just want to see an E tier
The only reason I’m upset that the dog man isn’t higher is because I’m a Michigan native
Wow this video didn’t start until like 10 minutes in
Let’s goooooo ice berg boy
Thank you Iceberg Boy
I now have a purpose of living
Iceberg boy
T tu quebecois man?
10 minutes in a 30 minute video to start Jesus Christ
wendigoon my beloved
I have been awakened
Yay the return of iceberg boy!
Helll yes
I'm fast forwarding and every stop.....YOUR STILL TALKING!!!!! JESUS CHRIST
love ya kid. keep up the good work, can't wait for the rest of the series.
10:33 until it starts. I thought you were better than all this selling out.
Skip to 10:28. Everything before that is ass
Thank you Wendigoon
So happy I went to the museum on opening day, I got to meet Mr. Coleman, the owner.
i am so happy oh my lord
Dogman wasn’t created from a song lol. That may be how it became more well known but there have been sightings of dogmen for a very long time they just weren’t called “dogmen”. Dogmen are mentioned through out history by explorers and historians. I love you man but you did dogmen dirty by saying it started as a song in the 80s.
Babe, come quick Iceberg Boy dropped a new video!
Yes  Is this a metazoo plug?
It's not a Wendigoon video if the intro isn't ten minutes long
i dont think its possible for wendigoon to upload a video thats "too long" i will watch every second
The promised land is here boys!!!!!!
Oh HELL YEAH!
A new iceberg from Wndigoon? Christmas has come early for sure!
Wow...10 minutes in and your still yakking
You do not recognize the bodies in the water.
iceberg boy the goat fr
And so it begins
when going through Wyoming i went to a local restaurant, which had taxidermized deer, pronghorns, & bison. Among those was an old jackalope bust over across the room - which was made quite convincingly - & it was a delight to see on that trip. Ü
I hope he adds La Llorona. Shit used to scare me as a kid in NM. Kids use to always say they saw her in the distance (my elementary school was in the middle of the desert and you could see for a long distance.)
This is exactly want I needed and wanted
Loved it :)
Our favorite iceberg boi never fails to deliver 🗣️🔥🐐☝️💯‼️
One time I was walking through the wood and then my curiosity go the best of me and I went into this long lost cave and there was blood everywhere and then I saw it it was a Peacock 🦚/ Hamster 🐹/ Hybrid mixed with A little Chupa and a little Cabra. And it chased me through the woods and I tripped over air running away that. Somehow I got away then. I didn't call the cops cause I was to scared to relive those events again. Oops and I forgot to tell you I took a Photo with My MacBook. But I looked the next day it wasn't there it was like it somehow never was taken and or was deleted. So I can't show you guys. So I decided to tell my parents and friend but they didn't believe me. But I've been haunted every night ever since it stands in my window staring at me at night and my babies momma never sees it. Cause when I try to show her it disappears and leave no footprints as if it were never there. Then it told me you have met a terrible fate. And turned hyper realistic. And went into my TV and now when I play games it murdas my video game characters and I can never play the game again. It even writes emails to me and makes fake Pof. And fb dating profiles. And it catfishes people and guys keep calling my phone all day all night every day. And I don't swing that way but the people never believe it.then one day I went fishing and I caught a catfish and it was a catfish but had peacock features and Chupa with Cabra features and sucked the blood out my finger and but it off. So now they call me the 4 finger hash slinging slasher Triple OG Chuping
gilbert
Wendigoon vids are like a hug from your fav family memeber
When is the movie coming
Classic iceberg boy
Iceberg boy is back lets gooo!
IT HAS BEGUN. SOUND THE CRYPTID HORNS, WERE GOING TO WATCH SOME GOOD CONTENT TONIGHT
If you ever play yugioh for some reason. Danger!? Would be the perfect archetype for you. It’s an archetype of cryptids
Iceberg boy
I thought it was cool to hear about the dogman, I even got to design one of those wood silhouettes of one! I personally don’t hear about it much so it was cool it was at the top of the list
Go iceberg boi go
Yes I love cryptids thank you wendigoon
all i have to say is YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Iceberg boy is back
ICEBERG BOI GOING BACK TO HIS ROOTS!!!! LES GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
Santa is real and his name is Wendigoon
Hell yeah. Release it in parts and release it in farts.
You have no idea how excited I was to see this video, I’m really looking forward to this series!! Hopefully you get around to talking about The Awful, it’s one of my favorite cryptids but I never see anyone mention it
I love cryptozoology. Looking forward to the deeper tiers where I don't know any of the creatures!
under an hour video??? im grateful but sad...
Yo yo can we talk about this upgrade like you're the one piece anime slowly getting better quality equipment and technique but still have the same heart of the content
I'm ten minutes in and he's already changed his outfit three times
not loving how the intros are starting to take like 10 minutes up of the video (i tend to just fast forward through them)….. but the video itself is still so good.
*WENDIGOON NOISES*
Thylacine belong as cryptids because they have been extinct for many years, and people still have sightings of them. Extinct animals on the list will likely be like this situation of "ooh but what if they were still alive???"
Christmas came early indeed
My Scottish ass is dying at LAKE loch Ness Loch = lake/large body of water in gaelic 🥲
Great video, Iceberg boy😊
Wait wait wait WHEN DID HE GET MARRIED????? I KNOW HE GOT ENGAGED BUT WHEN WAS THE WEDDING???
let’s gooooooo
Yay, new video to draw to
LET'S FING GOOOOOOOOOO
I really hope that somewhere on the iceberg is the iowa stickman. I can't read it that well, so I hope it's there and I just can't spy it
Miss you
(THIGH-Luh-SEEN) not (THIGH-Luh-SIGN)
33:12 love Josh Gates!
Anyone else remember iceberg boy
Man wtf 10 minutes intro
Heya Wendigoon! Absolutely loving this so far, this is my first tier list of yours I’ve started watching, and I’m absolutely gonna get onto the others soon! Just a quick Thylacine note - they didn’t ever live in New Zealand, just Tasmania and Australia. Keep up the good work!
Iceberg boy living up to his name once again.
Huzzah
Just in time as my 1000 mg edible kicks in
i would classify thylacine as a cryptid, theres lots of rumours that they still survive in tasmania, the island is mostly is forested
took you long enough iceberg boy
Oh my god the song in the background reminds me of your older content from like 2 years ago, it’s burned into my memory from how many times I watched the scp iceberg
Good lord I hope the first third of all of these videos aren't explanation, promos, plugging, and a sponsor read
Wendigo fr my favourite youtuber
Oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy!!!! 🎉
Good job Iceberg Boy!
Brother you should do more stalker stuff  Ps: you forgor to put the jackalope on the tier list
16:06, OMG! Why is he so cheeked up!?
Bro you're doing so well I can see the view counter going up as I'm watching! That's so rad.
Not the wendigoon 12 days of cryptids
And on the day my brand new Wendigoon hoodie arrived!
I love it
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK.....
LFG!!!!
For the non-mainers in here, the museum of cryptozoology is closing its doors in Portland sometime in the next few years and is moving up to Bangor which is like an hour north or so alongside a bookstore.
Iceburg Boy really blessed us today
couldn’t even edge to this!😂😂😂 i exploded immediately😂😂😂 clean up aisle: MY PANTS!!!😂😂😂
People I gotta say if you haven’t watched Bob Gymlan on YouTube I cannot recommend it enough. Bro makes top tier Bigfoot content and single-handedly convinced me they might be real.
have been binging your iceberg vids all week waiting for another one...Christmas Did come early!! thank you wendi!!
Hell. Yes. I'm so excited!
is he still doing the complete zombies history video?
That's ok, I did a report on the Jersey Devil in high school, and I'm pretty sure it didn't even really fit the actual assignment 😅
Hell yes!
Iceburg Boy is bringing the joy today
LETS GOOOOO
If there’s no Hoop Snake I’m gonna be sad
Finally I've been asking for a year
15:20 YEAH YOU DID MY BOY MOTHMAN GOOD S TIER
Great job, iceberg boy
H-How did he know i was desegning cryptids stickers 😨 (in all seriousness loved seeing this as i was looking up cryptids :3)
Thank you for sticking to your word. BTW: Where's Stalker?
love it
0:50 Fair enough wendi, I don't know what a Dan Akroyd is either
Quality content as always
I love you wendigoon but like Tony Soprano once said “Enough with the fuckin preamble”
iceberg boy strikes again
Vid starts at 10:30.
Thank you father for this meal
To summon the beast of Loch Ness throw 14 quarters into the water.
Have been hoping you would do a series like this, cant wait for the whole dang thing! does Spring-Heeled Jack count as a Cryptid? he's kind of part bat demon thing. Edit: I was under the impression the Tazmanian Tiger was considered a Cryptid because there have been alleged sightings of the thing still alive but incredibly shy and elusive while being approached.
here we go.
Will we be getting into fairies and such or do those fall under mythology? Things like the Cottingley Fairies, not the kind you'd find in San Francisco. Those are significantly less magical. Equal amounts of glitter, though.
LETTTSSS FUCKINNNNGGG GOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's cryptid time!
If Mothman doesn't get an S tier rating I'm going to cry.  Edit: Thank you Wendigoon
Was watching the video when my official wendigoon hoodie arrived. This thing is perfect. Also love the video, I'm so excited for the next few tiers
YESSSSS, CRYPTID ICEBERG RAHHHHHHHHH🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
If the squonk isn’t on here I’m gonna protest
Oh my goodness, Iceberg Boy is doing The Thing! (Awesome video!!)
28:20 if your covering jackalopes then you gotta cover Dropbears
Thank you my fav iceberg boy :3
thank you so much wendigoon dude i needed this
Wendigoon you are a gift, thank you, i love you, have a nice day
A return to form, we love to see it.
GO ICEBERG BOY GO
Oh HELL YA!!!!!!!!!
thank you so much for this great vid, Iceberg Boy.
Wendigoon new video? New wendigoon iceberg video? NEW CRYPTID WENDIGOON ICEBERG VIDEO!?
So hyped for a new Wendigoon iceberg, these are always great. Jersey Devil is S tier for me because so many of the fakes and the drawings of him look really fucking stupid; even though the name sounds badass and the origin is very based in folklore.
Iceberg boy is back
Iceberg Boi
Damn we are back boooy
There were sightings of the dogman before the song. And it's more than just a man's form with a dog's head. No offense intended, seriously, but it seems like the dogman wasn't really researched in depth.
Yo, yo....wake up...  IT'S THE 'GOON!
this series is gonna carry me through my midterms, thank you iceberg boy
Omg I needed an iceberg so bad
Thank you for more content, iceberg boy
My local area has the Wampus. We even use to have a haunted trail dedicated to it around Halloween. The owner of the trail use to swear it's real
LES GO
I love you wendi but the way you pronounced thylacine was a travesty
thank you for another iceberg, iceberg boy
"you'd think after 3 billion subscribers id know how lights work" my man, im studying a carreer thats cinema adjacent, i had a test on how lights work and even i dont know how they work. Dont worry about it. /j
Holy shit, I'm within the first couple hours of my first Wendi video? Nice 😎 FTR, I've watched a lot of his stuff, it's just mostly the older stuff like CT Iceberg and all that, so this is the first fresh one.
Aw yeah cryptid iceberg this will make life worth living
Comment for the algo
I CAME AS QUICK AS I COULD
Intro ends @10:30
ICEBERG BOI LETS GOOOOOOO!!!
Hell yeah, Wendigoon Iceberg is never not a treat for me, man. Just finished the 9hrs long Conspiracy theory one AGAIN, and then now this? Absolute funk, man.
Thank you.
Over 10 minutes to get to the iceberg. Impressive
22:30 No what you’re saying makes perfect sense. Horror is built on the relationship between your mind and the environment. A creature is only as scary as the environment they’re in, but can also meld into and add to the environment, and so in a way can make the horror exponentially more effective. Thus the Everglades adding to the ape and making him more threatening is absolutely understandable, as it builds on a key facet of horror that honestly too much of the genre misses out on.
10 MINUTES OF PREAMBLE VIDEO IS 30% INTRO WHAT THE FUCK
Wendigoon, could you talk about creepypastas as well at some point?
I'm so excited for this I've genuinely been waiting for the cryptid iceberg forever
Looks like Christmas came early
Me and my dad love your videos they are wholesome in a strange way
dude can we make the intro like 5 minutes and 15 seconds, instead of 10 minutes and 33 seconds long???!!
Oh no
(Not so fun) fun fact: the Sliver Bridge collapse is the deadliest bridge collapse in the history of the United States. I know way too much about my state
Holy shit, it's here... let's gooo!
ICEBERG BOY is back , thanks kanepixels for the new nickname.
I need this in my life, I saw the thumbnail and said YeeeeSSSS PLeASEEEEE
Thank you Iceberg Boy, very cool video :)
NO I MEAN YES< I MEAN THERE IS NO WAY THANKS WENDIDAD YOU HAVE NO CLUE FOR HOW LONG I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR SOMETHING LIKE THIS, HEAVENS TO BETSY YES YOU JUST MADE MY WEEK 10 TIMES BETTER AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
By the gods it has begun
Him mispronouncing Thylacine hurts my soul
I don't get the appeal of the mothman tbh he kinda just seems like a big moth fella who flies about, dragon horse goat thing way better
LET'S GO ICEBERG MAN!!!!!
Yeah the crypto’s are cool and all but this video confirms that Wendigoon is a GM guy. Based.
Honey it’s note lake Loch Ness loch is the Scottish word for lake
Hey Wendigoon! Have the Hawaiian shirts shipped yet?  Awesome video btw, just watched your Claustrophobic Cave Diving Creepy Pasta vid colab with Papa Meat!
FINALLY!!!!! GOATED VID MAKE MORE PLEASE!!!
Never have I been more excited in my life for a video, you’ve blessed us
MÉXICO MENTIONED 🗣🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🌯🌯🌯🌮🌮🌮🌮🔥🔥🔥🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 ¡VIVA LA CHUPACABRA!
Absolutely phenomenal to have another iceberg series! Playing the song at the end with brass makes me hope we get other iceberg staple songs back
Awh shit
as a scot, i cringed a little when you said "lake loch ness", funnily enough you said "Lake Lake Ness" lmfao. Loch just means lake ya silly sausage!
i watch ur most recent video on repeat until you post next. thank you for the new resources
Research Faster!!👿
I am waiting very (im)patiently for the next part
ICEBERG BOI IS BACK!
YES IVE ALWAYS WANTED THIS
youre a good guy wendigoon
cant wait for my shirt
why arent they ranked on bangability. 0/10 not informative enough
LFG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETSGOOOOO a new wendi upload just before I eat
Fuck yeah baby it’s happening
Thank you daddy
Pleasesseee we need the rest of this iceberg I wanna see the hidden gems
24:28 Simmons, what's the mexican lizard, eats all them goats?
wendigoon could make a 12 hour long video ranking each letter of the alphabet and i'd watch that on repeat until my eyes give out. thanks wendigoon for the great content!!
Hit it glacial stly
😃😃  Oh Boy!  Oh Boy!  Oh Boy!  😃😃
Apparently the loch ness monster is just the dick of some aquatic animal (I forget which one) so that's fun, the dick pic sent round the world.
are you an avid gooner
There‘s a unique, peaceful creature in the lake that could possibly be a living dinosaur! What should we do? Unga bunga man brain: let‘s kill it
Video starts at 10:00
The reason the Thylacine would be on the list is to do with what happened after the last known animal went extinct in 1936. Ever since there have been regular supposed sightings of the animal all over Tasmania, with searches being undertaken by scientists, hunters, and farmers, and with huge amounts of money being offered by various people for proof of its continued existence. Hence the animal has transitioned from being a real thing into being more of a cryptid. There's a similar legend where I was raised in Gippsland of black panthers, which were either escaped from a circus or were mascots for the US Army when they were here in WW2, depending who you ask. Every few years a farmer produces a blurry photo of a large black cat and claims he saw the panther.
Have you watched "The Mothman Prophecies" starring Richard Gere? Interesting movie.  Also, if you haven't read "The Wendigo" by Algernon Blackwood, I highly recommend it.
the iceberg doesn't start until 10 mins in? i get having an intro/sponsor, but that's a little ridiculous.
You have to be careful with that Loch Ness Monster. Best thing to protect yourself is giving it Tree Fiddy
I literally fall asleep to the  conspiracy theories iceberg video. Can't wait to add these to the rotation
I been waiting for this one 😂💯💪🏿
so much obvious time padding
THE TIME HAS COME AND I WILL TOO
Thank you ice-berg boy :)
I haven't watched the video yet but I hope the Slide Rock Bolter is on here
the irony of saying nessie is overrated while standind next to a nessie flag
If mothman wasn't s tier, I would have rioted.... But still watched this entire iceberg~ thanks so much for early Christmas! Can't wait for the rest of the series!
Yay! Iceberg boy is back with another one!
Hey i have that hoodie
Wendigoon, the guy who is braver than any of us, i cant imagine making hour if not longer videos on a deadline, good job iceberg boy
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I listened to all 10 hours of the conspiracy iceberg over a few weeks while cleaning at work. Now you gift me more? Wendi, you are treating us too well.
I’m so happy you included this 16:09 …one day I too will touch Mothman’s booty
"thy la cine" lmao wtf come on dude
wait so wendigo was not in tier 1?? ig he might be on tier 2
Let's go, iceberg is back on the menu!
Awh look Iceberg boy is back
I need a 60 hour video
cant wait for him to talk about the et de varginha!
Actual iceberg starts at min 10:31
I think wendigoon has enough of a following to get away with an Epstein video.
I'm a big fan of the Lake Worth Monster. If he's later on the iceberg you should do a real-life recreation of his most famous moments.
video starts at 10:00
Wait thylacine in NZ? I didn’t think there were any mammals in NZ other than the 2 species of bats.
iceberg boy returns!
I think the Tasmanian Tiger was on the iceberg because there have been reported sightings of them still around. Rumor is that the last one "in captivity" died but maybe there are more out there. IDK might move it out of N/A tier.
Christmas came early y’all
Thanks for the iceberg, Iceberg boy. I freaking love mothman. It's been one of my favorites since I was like 7
Is there anywhere where I can see and read through the iceberg?
More icebergs please
Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you.
The king is back baby
Video starts at 11:00
I think what makes the Tasmanian Tiger a Cryptid is the continued sightings of them after their extinction.
Fuck yeah! I've been looking forward to this for a while
Oh yeah, more Icebergs from Iceberg boy. Love a good Wendigoon session
when i saw that you uploaded i literally clapped my hands and said “yayyy!!” like a five year old
IT BEGINS!
YAYYYYYYYYYYYY
mothman is cheeked tf up wth
Yay i love having 1/3 of the video, almost 11 mins worth of intro!
I love you Wendi 😌
I feel like an addict  I'm just skipping through the video like "come give me something new"
Wendigoon could make mashed potatoes and the comment section would say "Wendigoon could make a 6 hour long video about mashed potatoes and I'd watch it"
Shhh everyone, its time for another campfire story from spooky man
i just got some shitty news, and this made me feel a little less sorry for myself, so thank u mister goon
"Before then, i'm not gonna doxx the guy without his permission, that'd be kinda rude" Very topical, iceberg boy
omg cryptid iceberg advent calendar
You have absolutely no idea how excited I am to hear you’re doing a Cryptid iceberg. I am literally shaking and crying right now. I love you so much.
i feel bad because my boyfriend wants to watch wendigoon with me on the weekends but i am crazy and watch the videos as soon as they come out...
I be listening to his videos on repeat while I'm fipping burgers
Daddy making another video yay
Im glad iceberg boy gave us a treat just in time for the christmas season. Thank you Wendi
oh perfect. new wendigoon iceberg video i can watch while i crochet :D
Too bad he didn't go into detail on how the jackalope sighting are actually of diseased rabbits that have SPV (Shope Papilloma Virus). Gross as all get out because the horns actually grow out of their mouth.
iceberg boy is back
Hey Mr.Wendigoon, it’s your favorite animal nerd. I just wanted to tell you that the pronunciation for the Tasmanian tiger is Thyla-SEEN. Love your content though! Keep up the amazing work!
FINALLY YES LETS FUCKIN GO DAD
Thank you for the content iceberg boy
Super excited for the next tier man! I remember reading all about MothMan and the Jersey devil as a kid.
Love this dude
I do design/printing work for the daughter of Robert Roach -- the artist who designed and built the Mothman statue in Point Pleasant, WV. While Mothman is certainly his most famous statue, he's designed and built about a dozen statues in total before his death. And yes, I've done design work highlighting Mothman's incredible backside.
lol if you mention the Mongolian Death Worm, know there's an animated short student film featuring the cryptid in production !! coming soon !!!
As someone who's about to buy Unmatched: Tales to Amaze, this is really a great information for all the villains and minions I'm about to face. Gosh, I hope Restoration will create more sets about the Cryptid! They already made a set about Bigfoot, and now, I cant wait to use him to either fight Skunk Ape, or fight a future set with the Yeti.
I can't believe I listened to the whole Tier 1 video and never heard mention of the only cryptid to have a brand of hobo wine named after it:  the legendary Night Train.
let’s GOOOOO
GOAT🎉
Bake wake up, wendigoon just dropped a new iceberg
BABE WAKE UP NEW ICEBERG BOY
12:21 A loch is a type of lake.
i hope you talk about the giant shrimp in the laundry room
Cannot wait for the 12 hour super cut version of this iceberg so I can actually hyperfocus on something for more than 45 seconds.
Dog man was just an early adopter of the furry life
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
wooop woop 🥳🥳
WV got a cryptid in S tier?? Lets goooo (Also, dope poster from Point Pleasant)
Woh! Wuh! :)
Great video, thanks for the content. Looking forward to the rest of the iceberg
I have always been extremely interested encryptions in although there is a treasure trove of information it’s very hard to narrow it down or find a good source. Then I see that you posted your iceberg video about it. Couldn’t have been more excited
lets gooo another iceberg video, i tought this trend died out.
LETS GOOO NEW UPLOAD
wendigoon i just wanted to let you know you have a very shiny nose :)
Awesome video!! can't wait for more!
On the day my hoodie arrived. My man 👉👉
The New Jersey Devils?
i like your bestbuy hoodie
Hey man can you keep doing break downs of analog horror series please?  There are so many of them( so many bad ones too) I don't know which ones to watch.  The ones you have covered have been epic.  The Flesh Pit is the coolest shit ever
The Jackalope is an S tier for me. I remember seeing a taxidermied one in a restaurant as a kid and my dad was like "duh thats a jackalope". That night I googled it and child me determined that the shodily photoshoped pics of it were definitive proof of it being a real animal and I spent way too many road trips staring out the car window hoping to see a live one 😅
Well Today I just learned that the Jackalope isn’t real and now everything is worse in the world
Hate cryptids................................ Dox Dude,DOX Dude,DOX Dude,DOX Dude, DOX Dude,DOX Dude,DOX Dude,DOX Dude,DOX Dude, DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX DOX... You scured You Won't
Thyla-seen
Iceberg boy posted!!!
go iceberg boy go
I feel like my dad finally came back from getting milk.  Thank you wendiDAD
Too short for me, bit o' quickshootin'.
Huh, I was looking for a several hour long video to put on for background noise.  Time to go binge your iceberg compilations again.  Looking forward to hearing more from you, whatever it ends up being!
I gotta disagree with the chupacabra placing I am the #1 chupacabra fan it is at least A
Never clicked to fast in my life
The amount of info I've dumped on my mom from your vids is wonderful, her eye twitches anytime GIANTS are mentioned now 😂✨ thank you for everything💜🔮
It'd be nice if you tried a little harder to make this less US-centric (or just go hard on the US-centrism and call it the "US Cryptid Iceberg"). I understand it might just be hard to find stories that aren't from the US for someone inside the US owing to the mostly one way information flow; but when you do cover something from another country, you don't seem to try as hard on the backstory a lot of the time. Though I'm mostly going off older videos and this video, so maybe the rest of the iceberg will be even better
Thanks iceberg boy
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love that blue Wendigoon jumper, where can I cop it?
Actual video starts at 10:30
You should cover a book called Anti Oedipus Capitalism and Schizophrenia by Deleuze and Guattari. Its super absurdist and  filled with incredibly complex psychoanalysis. Its one of my favorites and I think you would find it fascinating.
Woo! More Goon!!!
LETS GO!!!! CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR US!!!
I’m so sick thx for an iceberg Wendi
jersey devil solos mothman no diff
33:11 god it's so funny seeing Josh Gates on the iceberg, it's like he's also a cryptid.
SpongeBob with eyes popping meme where he grabs hold of dudes and yells. That was my reactio. Seeing this
Thylacine shouldn't been in N/A because there has been recent sighting and very grainy photos of him, that question if it's really extinct (Like the many dinossaurs cryptids that are going to be included)
I used to think jackelopes were real.
You know as a longtime viewer of Wendigoon, I think speak for all the fellow fans in saying that wouldn’t be a good old iceberg series without a very beloved and respected type of fellas. Those fellas being GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS
35 minutes? What is this, a YouTube Short??
my favorite topic. so happy to see it covered by THE Iceberg Boy  edit: i wouldve riotted if mothman didnt get S tier. I am a born and raised West Virginian and i even have a mothman tattoo.
Waiting for the number channels video a forever wait I’ll will willing participate in
YES
14:28 WOOO WEST VIRGINIA REP THERES TWO THINGS WERE KNOW FOR, MOTHMAN AND OUR ANTHEM
I got so excited when you started talking about jackalopes!
The Thylacine is on the list because people like me dont believe it is extinct
I was obsessed with Nessie when I was a kid. 💚
Thank you for your generous donation good sir
oh hell yeah
Thanks for this video, Merry Christmas to you as well.
This is amazing this genuinely is amazing.
It’s so great to see iceberg boi make another amazing iceberg
Babe wake up new wendigoon upload
Loved it! Can't wait to get deeper into this iceberg
Thank you based Iceberg Boy
was in the middle of rewatching old wendi content, fuck yeah
YES! This is the only person I want to learn about Cryptids from 🙌🏻   So excited for this series to cure my depression ✨ ❤️
I guess is just gonna be american cryptids in the high teirs.
Plz plz plz! Make a video about Cry of Fear
I heard "cryptid" and appeared, time for big feet >wo
As someone from the West, jackalope's do exist but they're not common it's just a genetic disorder for them I guess. Creepy as hell when you see them in the snow out of fucking nowhere
HELL YEAH MOTHMAN IN S TIER BABYYYYYY
GIANTS
Thanks for a great video can’t wait for the rest of the series
Excuse me my good sir but that is soylent green you were drinking,  and soylent green is people.  But um carry on lol
1 hour crew
start: 10:30
Where can I cop that blue wendigoon hoodie!? 🔥
YESSSSSS CRYPTIDS
Let's fucking go, Cryptidecember
YES ANOTHER BERG FROM THE MAN HIMSELF
I'm looking forward to the next level!
Wendigoon... it would be likely one of the largest icebergs youve made but you should do a doctor who iceberg including some of the voice comics on the Time War pre 50th anniversary 😂😂
If Dog Man aint S tier, it's on site
Scgunilli man better be on her or imma riot
The mothman stole my catalytic converter in Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
WINDYGLUE VIDEO :D
I know you get comments like this a lot probably but tonight was one of my worst nights in a long long time. Seeing this pop up in my subscription feed made a terrible night just a little bit ok. Thank you for all that you do…..iceberg boy. Sorry, couldn’t help myself!
Wooooooo
LETTSAA GOOOOO  LOBSTER PPL!!! YEAHHHHHHHH
lsfg
Jesus it took him till 10:29 to actually start the iceberg
It’s gonna be a good night (maybe frightening) when wendigoon posts
ur not fighting the “iceberg boy” allegations very well
ICEBERG BOY MAKING ICEBERG LESSS GOOOOO
Heard a story in which the Jersey Devil got killed by a pregnant women with a 2x4. Stuff's crazy.
A 3 foot Yeti? That’s an Ewok.
LETSGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AAAAAAWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOGGGGAAAAAAAAAAA   😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩
THE RETURN OF ICEBRERG BOY
LET'S GO!
Thank goodness
ICEBERG BOI
Let’s go wendigoon!!! You rule!!!!
Bro is youtube just one piece? 25% of your vid is nothing but air and ads recap etc. Not hating on you specifically (in this case i am, sorry) but I appreciate youtube premium because of bloat like this. Its like a gross norm forced on creators by youtube so they generate the ad revenue they need to make more videos.
I think Isaiah (wendigoon) should make a video about the Shroud Of Turin
I've been waiting for SO LONG, thank you so much for this!   ...sweet merciful lord in heaven, I'm gonna watch this series over and over just like your Conspiracy Series. Well, least my daughter gets to learn about this topic whilst I refresh myself.
Good heavens Isaiah, it took you 10 minutes of sponsorship to get to the good stuff!
Yes pleaes
YESSSSS WOHOOOOOOOO
lets gooooo. p sure my poster came in the mail!
10:29 video starts here
Oh yes the jackalope the cryptid of my state
Video starts at 10:00
Jesus the next one gonna have 10 mins of filler too? Havent got to the end dont doubt theres more. He need that money he really do! 18:20 u broken record mate?
video starts at 10:28
Lets go! Iceberg Boy back on track!
Do your thing Iceberg Boy
GO ICEBERG BOY GO
Heck yea
Wendigoon I love you
By your definition isn’t god a cryptid?
Sorry wendigoon but dantavius did this before you. (I love you both
1k plus views per minute, and you deserve it all. wendigoon more like wendigoat
DANG IT WENDIGOON I'VE BEEN WORKING ON ONE OF THESE AND NOW NOBODY'S GONNA WATCH IT (Love your videos you're my hero)
10:32
Iceberg boy uploads an iceberg video, who woulda guessed?
10:30 the video starts
man i just watched a 10 minute intro
@haesicks Wendigoon talkin about ya boi
Exciting
If anyone is wondering, this is the start of the iceberg. 35:54
:3
bouta learn about more crypty bois !!!! been a long time coming worth the wait love the vids Isaiah keep being u my dood
Is Santa a cryptid
wah
Thylacine is a cryptid. Cryptozoology is the study of creatures as of yet unknown or not yet confirmed to exist by science, but that does include species that once definitely existed and may continue to exist in some small, remote population. In contrast to things that didn't and don't exist (wendigos, skinwalkers and other mystical mumbo-jumbo) it's a bonafide, certified cryptid.
Little do you know Wendigoon is actually a time traveler and is responsible for the sinking of the Titanic.
Hail Wendigoon!!! Emperor of Icebergia, the other country written out of history!!
I always have love for Wendigoon, but the intros are getting a little long.
I think Thylacines still apply to the cryptid iceberg - you spend enough time here, and sooner or later, you'll catch a glimpse of a Tassie tiger in the bush at night. ;)
YES YES YES YES YES
I get so happy when he uploads
honestly I think you did kraken really dirty putting it in B tier. personally I think that's solid S material  the fact there's evidence of things similar to it alone makes it cool enough for at least something higher than B. it opens up the floodgates for all kinds of cryptids to potentially have real, existing species be very similar, especially those in the oceans. if the giant squid exists, maybe there's a species out there similar to bigfoot, or mothman, or a sea serpent, or pretty much anything else. if we want to be really bold, we could even say that there's potential for something similar to the rake to be out there  our world, and more importantly to my argument, the ocean, is such a vast place. there's corners everywhere that possibly nobody has even bothered to check, and even some that, when checked, nobody ever came back to tell the tale. the kraken is so amazing and interesting to me because it has a real world counterpart, something that isn't just myths and folklore, but something we know for a fact exists. thats something most, if any cryptids at all, don't have  so much of the ocean is completely untouched by humanity, there's a lot of things in those waters that we don't know exist here with us. the mystery of what the ocean could entail, the existence of the giant squid, and the stories about the kraken all combine to completely flare up the already incredible discussion about cryptids. if we didn't know the giant squid existed, I would agree with B tier. but it's existence alone causes not just the kraken, but cryptids as a whole to burn brighter than ever before  but, at the end of the day, everyone is entitled to their own opinions. while I dont expect to change yours, I'm glad to at least have shared mine
Iceberg boy continues to exceed expectations
24:18 as an upstate new yorker the disrespect is felt. I will remember this mr wendigoon.
Can’t wait for the iceberg-iceberg Number 1: iceberg lettuce  Number 2: the iceberg that sunk the titanic  Number 3: iceberg slim
Omg cryptids! i can’t wait for you to talk about Fresno Nightcrawlers, i love those lil guys! Also while not necessarily a cryptid, i do hope Le Loyon also gets at least a mention :>
Our boy is back to his roots and I'm here for it
So glad Wendigoon is finally ranking the cryptids by how sexually arousing he finds them❤
thank you for putting mothman at s tier where he belongs
Iceberg boy living up to his namesake
Great video but it occurred to me that of the 35 minutes of this video, 10 of them are not actually the video 💀😭
I CLICKED SO FAST
We're so back
So is Hellen Keller a Cryptid? Lol
I love this guy but why is 1/3 of the video not talking about the ice burg. I’ve been watching FOR YEARS and this is definitely a first. All love to ice burg boy (also the hoodie is epic literally wear all the time)
Crypto Iceberg Advent calendar! Heck yeah! Even if it isn't finished by Christmas lol
👍
I know I'm biased because I'm from South Jersey, but the Jersey Devil is my favorite cryptid and deserves to be in S-tier. I think it's a really unique legend that still lives on today in the Pines.  Also, if anyone is interested in more legends and stories from Jersey I'd recommend the "Weird NJ" books. Two full volumes of ghost stories and urban legends from across the state. Maybe Wendigoon could even talk about it in a video.
55,000 views in 50 min  Wend, you've grown so much. You deserve all of the recognition!
If the Flathead Lake Monster isnt in this series I will dislike the Super Cut
A gift from iceberg boy. He’s back in his natural habitat.
26:27 Did you get an "A" for that?
We’re all exited, podcast about this with penguinz0 and this is finally beginning, this is a good Christmas
You finally did it!
You are my favorite youtuber. And this is probably my favorite topic ever. Cant wait for the 13 hour full series video. Really excited.
What a great (day early) birthday present. Thank you, Wendi!
Little people of the rocks aka the snake eaters. Scary shit very real.
Iceberg boi is back with another iceberg cool 😎
Yeah let's go! All hail iceberg boy!
The thumbnail sent me back in time to when the conspiracy iceberg was coming out
Goatman is on top
Soooo... when's the Magic Spoon iceberg coming out?
Hoping giants come up on this list it's been years since you promised a deep dive on giants while you were making the conspiracy teirlist
As an avid lover of Moth-Man, I'm extremely happy with his placement!
I am praying that the hoop snake cryptid ends up on this Iceberg 🙏
What cryptid does the Corvette flags represent?
Thank you iceberg boy for always supplying me in these trying times
YIPPEEE YIPPEEE!! I’M JUMPING WITH GLEE MY FAVORITE LITTLE MEOW MEOW JUST POSTED :3
Hip hip hurray! A new series to watch "in the background" as I do something else, and then get absolutely nothing done.
super pumped for this series actually the perfect festive season gift.
Hay guys it's the iceberg boy
Wexford michigan mentioned. My dad saw the dogman as a kid, he claims
Iceberg boi
hell yeah finals are stressing me tf out and this on top of dan and phil video is such a nice decompresser. great video pal
I’ve been watching Iceberg Boy’s videos for so long I remember when his channel name was Wendigoon
omg new wendigoon !!
Really appreciate the S Tier ranking!  Means a lot coming from you.  :3
I WAS ABOUT TO SLEEP BUT NEVERMIDND 🤤🤤
I feel like having an extra R category for Cryptids that have since been proven to be real could be useful, but then again it would also antagonize a lot of people who believe in this or that Cryptid. Hm.
Nessie needs movin up the tier
In all seriousness though, I hope you know how many people absolutely LOVE the things you have to say about almost any topic. You got a likeable and agreeable demeanor:)
ICEBERG BOY
10:30 video starts... ridiculous amount of filler
Less than a hour and over 1.5k comments :0 thought i was early lol
in the most elegant way possible, LES GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I used to live in the middle of the Pine Barrens in New Jersey, so seeing the Jersey Devil and the folklore surrounding it is awesome!
We are so fucking back
i love you wendigoon (in a celebrity kind of way 💀) S tier youtuber, and my personal favorite fr, keep up the amazing work and content 🙏
Damn near screamed when I seen you posted
Really hope the Australian 'Drop Bear' gets a shoutout
Cool vid but isn't 8 hours long. Unsubbed
Sassy the Sasquatch is my fav cryptid
epic
Just throwing it out there...content starts @ 10:30...yw
Sad to see so many non-North American cryptids written off as no more than “Bigfoot but…” :( they’re separate creatures, from different regions and cultures! Surely they deserve more than to be belittled in comparison to a North American cryptid.
This is really what I've been craving - I have always been fascinated by cryptids (even the fake ones)
Hope the wendigo and wechuge confusion is mentioned.
LETS GOOOO ICEBERG DAD POSTED THAN YOU ICEBERG BOY
guys will see this video and be like hell yeah
It’s here …. The return
Thank you, iceberg boy
Iceberg Boy is finally back!
Omg he has a wife idk how old I thought he was but it was not wife age
“I have waited 4, no 5 thousand years for this!”
Iceberg boi has returned
I just want to say… THANK YOU ICEBERG BOY! I’ve been waiting for this
Giants
Good one!
Iceberg boy returns
YES YES YES YESSS
we are soo back
YES THIS IS ALL IVE EVER WANTED LETS GOOOOOOOOOO THANK YOU WENDIGOON WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy shit lets fucking goo
I like how the Yeti is just the polar bear to bigfoot's grizzly
Cannot express how long I've been waiting for this. I've been wanting a well made cryptid iceberg video but the only ones out there are small channels with mid tier quality vids I can't even sit through.
So awesome. I was waiting for Wendigoon to do something about cryptids, and here we are! I'm excited for the next videos! One of the best creators on YT.
Fun fact about the Jackalope! Among cottontail rabbits, there’s something known as Shope papilloma virus, which can cause horn like growths on their heads. It’s most likely that these early colonists did in fact see rabbits with what looked like antlers, but mistakenly attributed it to a new species!
Can't wait to hear about the Whale Penis cryptid
Letss gooo baby
Wendigoon, I love your videos. But my god, the thing doesn't even begin before 10:30
YAYYY WENDIGOON POSTED
THANK !!!!!
I look forward to diving into the deep end and seeing where this iceberg goes, man. Looking forward to the next installments.
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK!!! Oh I can’t wait for another super cut video to watch constantly
Dude. Where was the Flatwoods Monster? Surely it is on the surface of the iceberg. 🤔
I don't know if I see it in the iceberg image, but I'd love if you talked about the Grafton Monster! Another popular WV cryptid from my hometown. It's a big, seemingly headless, 8-10 foot tall white blob creature whose first sighting was relatively recently (1970s). It also featured as a boss in Fallout 76! It's always cool to see it alongside the other canon WV cryptids like mothman and the flatwoods monster :)
10:50 for us rotted zoomer brains🙏
Dan Akroyd being on the same level as "The Goblin Universe" is already my favorite part of the list
That bigfoot thing stole my keys!
Stop calling wendigoon "iceberg boy"
Does anyone know what the font of this iceberg is called?
Why is Dan Akroyd on the iceberg?
WENDIGOOOOOON GRAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
51K views in 51 minutes…1 view a min is crazy
Hell yeah
I hope to see a Duende momento
Video starts at 10:29
Iceberg Boy is Iceberg Man now
WENDIGOON UPLOAD RAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Glad to see you back in the ice fields, Iceberg Boy
Yoooo new icebergggg
I’m such a fanboy I don’t even watch 6 seconds of the video I’m hitting like.
My favourite cryptid is iceberg boy.
Thank you, Iceberg Boy
the most mysterious and scariest cryptid is wendigoon himself.
Do my eyes decieve me? Is the cryptid iceberg finally here?!
KRAKEN ON TOP!
Kraken on top
This is such a comfort topic of mine and one of my favorite YouTubers covering it is an even sweeter bonus. Thank you for this blessing, iceberg boy
Well I guess I don't really need sleep tonight.. worth
desperately need a  wendigoon x lights out podcast collab
YEAAAAAAAAAA
Why did your gf do that.
Yesss I've been waiting for this for a while, thank you iceberg boy
the rake is my favorite hoax cryptid, the fiji mermaid is cool too tho
I screamed out loud when I saw this iceberg boy
thank you wendipapa for the early Christmas gift!
As an Australian, i believe the Tasmanian tiger (thylicane) is on here because of rumours it is still alive
Just in time for me to fall asleep listening to this
Marcelo
A discord would be great
I went to both my brother and my girlfriend and excitement about this new iceberg. ❤
I think the reason the thylacine is on the list as a cryptid is because there are those who are saying there are still sightings of them present, in the same sense that people report dinosaur cryptids. Looking forward to the series!
I was hoping he’d say two videos per tier 😭
wow wendigoon you really are just ripping off the red thread at this point, you even make your voice sound like isaiahs. you should be ashamed of yourself for stealing from small creators like that man.
Man I love everything you do. Thank you so much I’m happy that I got to be with you from the… 6 months after start?
The fact the Jackalope legend was started as an elaborate pre-internet shitpost makes it S tier in my heart.
The Dad of the Internet has returned once more.     Unlike a lot of our dads.
Iceberg boy is back, babey!! ❤
A wendigoon video under 2 hours long? I'm not upset, just surprised    But I wouldn't mind a 10 hour version...
Yes iceburg boy is at it again! Christmas has indeed come early
All native born Best Virginians make the pilgrimage to Point Pleasent and make an offering of Mt Dew and pepperoni rolls to the Mothman, so he continues to protect and guide us in our times of need.
That skunk ape image resembles a display, but is part of a series of images taken right after each other. Showing is surprise to the cameras flash
I’m glad that iceberg boy has returned
When are we getting the 5 hour vacuum cleaner manual video
I hate to say it, but Iceberg Boy has officially stuck, man. Best of luck Wendigoon
I'm sorry, but since you put Champ in D-tier the entire state of Vermont is probably after you now. Again, very sorry about that, and I wish you luck.
10:55 16:38 GIANTS!?
New multi-episode iceberg series? Veteran gooners stay winning
love mothman so much
We're so back
Fun fact. I legit wanted to be a cryptozoologist in high school until I came to the conclusion it’s an impractical career pursuit
This man very sexy
As a soon to be marine biologist (graduating this semester hopefully!!) and cryptid lover I love thinking about all the aquatic cryptids. Loved the Kraken explanation!
ICE👏BERG👏BOY👏 Can't wait for all of this, great as always.
Og loch Ness monster picture is literally jarjar Binks.
I love cryptids, I love wendigoon, I love icebergs, I am happy
I love how the dogman is just a furry
Rise my brethren,   OUR TIME HAS COME  VICTORY SCREEEEEEEECH WOLOLOLOLOLOLOOOOO
my dad took my mom out west when they were 1st married and loves telling how she was tricked into believing the jackolope was real
I’ve been waiting so long, this made my week
After 3 million subs, you'd think he could figure out how lights work
YEEEE boiiiii! bigfeets!
My first experience with cryptids was when i was really young first listening to the stories of Tintin in Tibet and learning about the Yeti, i though it was so real, it kind of freaked me out that there were giant snow monsters in the mountains that had such similarities to humans but interestingly enough i believe Tintin in Tibet plays off the Yeti as sort of friendly towards the end if I'm not mistaken
Damn, the video doesn’t start for 10 minutes
Love ya work Bruva, stay awesome M8 O's n X's
Hell Yeah!
video starts at 10:30
The "Thyla-what?" Kind? That pronunciation was more spooky than anything on this list so far. Its pronounced "Thyla-seen."
Thanks Iceberg boy
Hey, does anyone have opinions on if religious heads or Gods count as cryptids? Idk just thinking, their existence IS highly debated and without proof so...
Wendibosssss
Wendigoon is the damn man! Keep up the work, it ain’t honest but it’s much brother
Yo possibly my new favorite iceberg
YEEEESSS
letss gooo its 3:30 am here in germany and im gonna watch this now
0:53 You’ve never heard of Dan Aykroyd?
came here for the icebergs, stayed for THE I C E B E R G S
Woooooh!
Kinda mad the nebraskan cornsquatch wasnt up higher in the iceberg but whatever
At the end of this, He will no longer be an Iceberg boy; but an iceberg man.
Lfg
Your analysis of the cryptic ice berg is detailed and straightforward. We always look forward to what else you have in store for us.
He listened to the subreddit
Thank you for uploading today Mr. Goon. I’ve been having a shitty week and this made me happy ❤
THIS. Is a true "POG I was here" moment
im so hyped for more iceberg content
A cryptid iceberg from Wendigoon?! I was just teleported back 2 years
If Wendigoon or one of his fans could make the cryptid tierlist on tiermaker I'd be more than pleased. Thank you
New Wendivideo drops: 🎉 Its less than 1 hour: 😢 Its gonna have many parts: ❤
Oh yeah?! Well then the Bigfoot is just a ... swamp Yeti !!!
how are the first 10 mins of a video thats supposed to be suuuper long not even abt the video 😭😭 love you dude but wtf 😭😭😭
Makes me look forward to the new podcast
Don't be so hard on yourself about video uploads. You started doing this because it's something you enjoy, and that's what makes your content so great. I'd rather wait longer for new, amazing videos than you make less well cared for and crafted videos that deteriorate until you burn out, because then we get no videos. That was a bad sentience, im a little tipsy, but keep up the good work, I love your content
I loved it ❤
Omg the iceberg boy is making an iceberg
If anyone has a link to this specific cryptid iceberg photo, send me it PLEASE
BABEY QUICK NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG JUST DROPPED
crungus
Iceberg boy stay icy
BRO W LETS GOOOO ‼️‼️‼️‼️
ISAIAH!!!! i dont know how to spell your name, but Im hella happy your doing this, excited! 🎉
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S FINALLY HERE
YEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Okay this is epic
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I ain't gone lie, I had to skip the first 10 minutes.
Am I the only one who thought that poster next to the whiteboard was from The Big Lez Show?
This cryptid iceberg is gonna be my favorite advent calendar
Bro no way the video starts 10 minutes in...these intros are getting out of control
Curse you Americans for ruining our Puerto Rican legends!
I hate it, and I want you to do something else!   Something like cryptid iceberg part 2
I remember getting the shit scared out of me by the jersey devil in poptropica of all things when i was a kid
Looking forward to watching this after work! Thank you iceberg boy 🙏🙏
It begins
Babe wake up a new iceberg boy just dropped
I love you
Spotted the I’m Kenough Hoodie in the background. I would like to hear Wendigoon’s thoughts on *Barbie* movie. Maybe a Barbie conspiracy theory video
Iceberg starts at 10:28 ♥️
As someone drinking in the woods right now, things are about to get spooky~
And when they needed him most, Iceberg Boy appeared...
Love the vid, excited for the next instalment! Just a heads up, Tasmania is part of Australia 😊
Thanks for the christmas present Iceberg Dad :D
I live in Maine, and my mom took me to the cryptozoology museum for my birthday one year. It was real interesting. Real or fake, the stuffs entertaining. It just made me jump a bit hearing little old Maine being brought up, especially since no one talks about it much.   Wendigoon, if you’re reading this I just want to let you know that your videos really do mean the world to me 💜 they’ve helped me fall asleep so many times (not because they’re boring or anything, they’re just really comforting to me!) keep up the amazing work, and I can’t wait to see more amazing videos from you.
"AUGH"  -me as soon as I saw this
Understandably mother Leads was upset she had a 13th child and cursed em? The Eff Wendy??!!
Hell Fucking Yeah
Its actually been discovered that there is some truth to the jackalopes as it was discovered that some rabbits get a form of the Shope papilloma virus can grow growths that resemble horns.
I am hard
Omg I don't know what to say being so early, but Wendi uploaded less than an hour ago and has already 46k views. That's crazy!!!
10:28 vid starts
Right when i was about to sleep, Darn you iceberg boy
A welcome sight to be sure
I think you should do a deep dive on your favorite ones
ICEBERG BOY REMINDS US OF HIS NAMESAKE
!!!10 and a half minutes !!! NEW RECORD !!!! It took 10 and a half minutes to start talking about the video topic
I’m so ready for another video from iceberg boy
I'm gonna love this iceberg!🤘🤘🤘
LETS GOOOOO BABYYY
Hell yeah! Cryptids!  This is what I've been waiting for!
Nothing but Wendigoon, a cup of warm tea and maybe some herbal help.
Once again iceberg wendigoon return
"ThylaKYNE." Oh good, a new thing to haunt you for the rest of your YouTube career :)
hell yeah iceberg boy
As a New Jersian whos been told legit devil stories in the pine barrens by campfire, the baby didnt kust come out and dip out the window... The mother chained it in the basement for years until it escaped into the woods
YOOOOO CHAMPY MY BOY (also it pronounced lake sham-plain...stupid French people) *edit how dare you put my Best lizard friend at D tier iceberg man
I love you ❤️
i wuv you wendigoon
HE HAS DELIVEREDDDDDD
Your voice and videos help me sleep. And you uploaded right as I was preparing for bed. Ofc later I watch the video awake. But hey I love your content man❤️
Good Looks Bro
Haven't even watched the video yet and I love it
Please finish the ice berg!
Just finished re-watching the Conspiracy Iceberg for the 3rd time, but now I have this series to listen to while getting ready for school at 6 am Yippie!!! (^ _>^)
LET’S GO!!! I’ve always wanted my second favourite Sunday school teacher to cover cryptids! (Sorry, may favourite Sunday school teacher is my actual Sunday school teacher.)
YESSSS!!!
I just finished rewatching the conspiracy theory iceberg so.... nice
Mothman gyat it goin on
Iceberg boy back at it again
When are we getting an iceberg iceberg?
this is going to be a banger to fall asleep to
I just got my Wendigoon hoodie today, and I LOVE it!!! Thanks for all you do Wendigo man.
When is the iceberg iceberg?????
Also I think this format stinks. I'd rather have a long video then a short one.
ag1 is a nice sponsor thats a +
I was JUST looking up Cryptid Documentaries a mere 4 hours ago
keep up the great content, iceberg boy 🔥
Thank you, Iceberg Boy.
After the excellence of the Conspiracy Theory Iceberg, I'm beyond hype by this. I gasped at the sight of the thumbnail like it was an Avengers movie trailer.
wendigoon could be an indentured figment of my imagination and i would still watch his videos
Aidan's livestream ends, and then i find there's a new Wendigoon video. Tonight has been a good night.
Iceberg boy is back at the helm.
Iceberg boy is BACK! And so are we.
How dare you talk about Bigfoot without mentioning A Goofy Movie.
Holy fuckin intro. Gotta get that YouTube Ad money somehow.   For those that want to actually watch the video skip to 10:30   Jesus Christ dude. 🤣
Iceberg starts at 10:28
Thanks iceberg boy
Still waiting for mold iceberg😢
Iceberg Boy strikes again
Cool vid bro.😺
I hop you talk about the USS Stein Monster.
Thank you!!! 🎉 More icebergs for the iceberg boy!😂🥳
New vid nice
I love the theory that the Loch Ness monster is actually people misinterpreting the shape of a whales penis, it’s so dumb but I love it
So glad Josh Gates was included! I love his work!
Cannot believe this video is only 40 mins. How can I sleep to this.
My fav iceberg idea done by my fav iceberg boy
Wake up imaginary lover, new wendigoon vid just dropped
NEW WENDIGOON UPLOAD YES!!!!
Yeah boi
We love our iceberg boy
Wendigoon could make a video of him staring at the camera for 9 hours and i would watch every second of it
my favrite gooner❤❤
Going feral for this new wendi burg 👌
That moth man statue has cake
Video begins at 10:30
Love the "the weeks" retro t shirt.  Might be getting that for myself for the holidays
45k in 41 minutes... You are a blessed legend man! Much needed as always!  Merry Christmas 🙌🏻
yes
Thank you Appalachian Santa
nutting
The thylacine is considered a cryptid because some people believe that it may still exist somewhere in Australia or Tasmania just like how some people still believe that megalodon still swims in the ocean somewhere. Also it's jaws could open almost 180 degrees not almost 90.
is thylocene a cryptid
let’s fucking go i love cryptids!
YEEEESSS YEEEESSS YEEEESSS YEEESSSS
He cryp-did this for us
Had a feeling in my tummy iceberg boy would drop
And so iceberg boy rises again
DA GOON!!
I can’t hear or see the video just sayin
YES SIRRRRRRRRRR
MOM MOM THE ICEBERG BOY POSTED! GET THE POPCORN
Skip to 10:30
Love you Pookie
Christmas isnt the only thing that came early
Hell yeah iceberg boy, thanks for the early christmas present  (that was meant to be a term of endearment if it actually bothers you I'm sorry :[  )
Iceberg boy is back
YESSSSSSS
Kinda looking forward to CreepCast. The read thread thing is UnAppealing to me, though.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Holy crap a 10 minute intro
Ooh, back to the loud "Bye!", I see.  This series will be a nice way to spend a large portion of my December and maybe January, too, lol.  Cheers!
video starts at 10:30 if anyone is wandering
meu deus eu PRECISO que ele fale do chupacu ou do et bilu
your bigfoot interpretation is very eye opening bc i grew up in buttfuck wisconsin and my dad would have his friend hide in the woods and do a "bigfoot call" then chase after us. for most of my life i believed if i went outside in the dark alone bigfoot would just sense me and fuck me up
I've never been this early, thank the Great and Mighty Goatman (and Wendigoon) for blessing my feed so promptly
Iceberg Boy strikes again. All jokes aside, I love your videos
10:30 minutes of pre-roll, that's wild. Bills have to be paid though, I get it.
An interesting thing about sea serpents is that many sightings of them were likely a whale’s freed willy.
YES YES YES YES YES LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!!!!
another classic from iceberg boy
I hope the rougaroo is in here he's an important part of louisiana culture
YES IM SO HAPPY MERRY CHRISTMAS IT CAME EARLY
Wendigoon could make a 12 hour stream of him talking about icebergs and id watch it 10 times
iceberg boy is back in business
YES YES YES YES EYS EYS YES EYS ESY YERS YES YES YES YES YES YE SYE SYE SYES YES
We’ve been blessed yet again
YEEEEEEESSS!
Video starts 10:30 btw
Jaw dropped
9:52 for anyone who doesn’t want to listen to the preamble.
Is the Dropbear on the iceberg? 😂
Bet
bifoot
Soon, icebergs will be a cryptid.
Thylakine😭😭😭
loved this video !!!!
Lets gooooooo
we are so back
Yo Cryptid iceberg? Let's gooooooooooooo!
ICE BERG BOY IS BACK
Can't wait to hear about the "Beast of LOL" on tier 6
WendiDaddy
can we get a zodiac video at one point ? think that would be awesome. cheers
We eating good tonight
Iceberg boy!!
Me and my sisters childhood Easter tradition was to grab our Easter baskets, go into our basement and just binge watch the finding Bigfoot tv show while crammed onto our old leather couch. Good times :)
Iceberg boy strikes again
MOTHMAN I WANNA SEE HIMS MOTHH MANNNN
the leviathan word play was wonderful
I dont think you understand how much i needed this right now ily wendigoon
I’m gonna pre, fuck yes 🖤
My phone didn’t connect for a bit so for like 20 seconds I was just watching the first frame of wendigoon stare into my soul.
Hello! Polite correct on "Champie" from a vermonter; its referred on this side of the lake as Champ! :DD Its also the mascot for our local baseball team!! He throws hotdogs into the crowd!
Let’s go I have been waiting for him to do something like this since I started watching back in 2021. And after he promised a little over a year ago I have been patiently waiting for the return of Iceberg Boy.
ah yeah! here we go baby! 🎉❤
Nice, a new iceberg video to fall asleep to every night for the next couple months
I love how you said begins
Cryptids have been an interest of mine since I was in 4th grade, and now I get an iceberg, it’s really my lucky day
Cryptids, my main special interest, lets fucking gooo
POOOOOGG
Bigfoot is real and he tried to eat my ass
Sidenote, it’s 3AM where I am and it’s officially my birthday. Best birthday surprise ever 🥰🥰
0:00 man got so excited he struck the mr beast pose
Wendigoon  could.....well, he just could.  Side note: I'm from Washington state, Seattle area and I take my Bigfoot/Sassy stuff very seriously. I would still rank him A as well. I now live and have lived in WV for a while, and I would also put the Mothman as S tier. For exactly the reasons you stated. And I almost purchased that exact same poster.
ice berg boy has come to deliver food. eat up yall🙏
iceberg boy back at it again
I'm here for the giants.
Thanks wendigoon. Now I know where to get that poster. Continue wendigooning in your wendigoon cave. God speed.
Been waiting for this one!
iceberg boy never fails to deliver with his magic spoon🤰
ICEBERG!!!! YAY
Thanks wendigoon. Now I know where to get that poster. Continue wendigooning in your wendigoon cave. God speed.
But did they find Chickenfoot? Why is Dad's head so big?
Thank you iceberg boi
Holy shit, it finally started. It only took 10 and a half minutes.
Thank you father, very cool
our favorite dad has uploaded an iceberg video, thank you father
The journey begins...
I know this is his personal opinion, but Kraken at B is crazy
Broooooooooooooooooooooo....
i really want mothman
YAY!! CRYPTIDS MENTIONED RRAHHHHHHH 🗣️‼️‼️‼️
Iceberg boy is back. We did it.
Long Live Iceberg Boy
whether you get all those videos out by christmas or not, we love you wendigoon!
Iceberg boi
Iceberg Boy!!!!
It's interesting that connections exist between the Mothman and Indrid Cold......
great work iceberg boy
BABE WAKE UP NEW WENDIGOON DROPPED!!!
Bigfoot gotta be the best cryptid
HOLY SHIT ITS FINALLY HERE (thank you iceberg boi)
Actual content starts at 10:30
Thank you and merry Christmas Mandela Man!
The way i litterally screamed when i saw this is unwell
does anyone else get turned on by wendigoon?
9:52 video begins
Lets goooooooooooooooo
Z
Iceberg boy has gifted us with another iceberg
Thank you dad
WwIIvideo when
Do an update to your backrooms video some time! Theres lots more new lore.
video starts at 10 minutes btw
Thank you once again Iceberg boy for gracing us with another video.
I did not see my boy Sam the Sandown clown there, and that upsets me.  if the fey are real, then Sam is one of them.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NEW VID FINALLY LETS GOOOO😛
Nice vid, iceberg boy
America's funniest people had a jackalop skit. "Fast as fast can be, you'll never catch me!" ~Dave Coulier
WOOOOOO BABY THATS WHAT WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR
I’m so happy your making this because every other one I’ve seen has had only like the well known ones
YIPEEEEE
Yay! Love a good iceberg :D
Thank the heavens Jersey Devil made it, I remember playing a game that had an appearance of the Jersey Devil (don’t remember what it’s called) and it scared me shitless, so bad that I never played the game again after seeing it, even though I loved the game.
Hey, I can’t help but notice the STALKER Crow plushie in the back. Have they shipped yet? I backed for that tier and still haven’t received mine
Iceberg boy strikes again
Why you gotta post as soon as I get in bed bro
People just finishimg video!!
The video starts at 10:31
Thyla -SEEN
I audibly yelled in excitement
And to think it was a terrible Tuesday till Wendi posted
You mention there not being much interesting about the Loch Ness Monster, but I actually think the history behind Nessie is even more interesting than the creature itself. That history being how rooted in the 1930s she is.  There's a common misconception that Nessie sightings go back a millennia to the days of Saint Columba, but this as mentioned is a misconception. The story of Saint Columba was one of him using the power of god to run off a "water beast" from the River Ness, not Loch Ness. Stories of water beasts were extraordinarily common during the times of early saints, and often used in stories as great obstacles for Saints or other holy men to overcome.   The only other sightings from pre 1933 are a very brief and not very detailed account from 1888 which described a creature that suspiciously resembled a salamander, and a reported sighting in 1871, however this sighting was not publicized until 1934 after the monster had become popular.   The actual sightings began in 1933, with the most prominent being George Spicer. There was one sighting before Spicer which described a pretty undetailed account of a blob like creature in the water. It's pretty unspecific and we don't know much about it. Spicer however gave a detailed account of the creature, and that account was of the plesiosaur like creature we know, and that's what stuck from then on.  Why is this interesting? Well it's because of George Spicer himself. What I and most historians believe (historians who investigate things like historical myths and mysteries) is that the Spicer sighting was fueled by cinema. In 1933, coincidentally just a couple weeks BEFORE the first modern sighting of the Loch Ness Monster, the movie King Kong was released in Spicer's hometown of London. There is a famous scene from this movie where a long necked creature rises out of the water of a swamp and attacks a character, eventually killing them. I do not think it to be mere coincidence that sightings started after this movie's release. Especially not since when asked about this, Spicer ADMITTED that he and his wife had gone to see King Kong shortly before their sighting.  This started a wave of sightings of plesiosaur creatures not just in Scotland, but from all over the world where King Kong was screened. I think this above anything is definitive proof that this creature was made up by a public who had just watched a disturbing and even scary movie scene with an exact looking creature.  Also, this is a much shorter way of proving the Loch Ness Monster isn't real, but the image and description we have of Nessie only matches what a plesiosaur looked like in 1933. Just like other dinosaurs, Paleontologists and scientists have a much different outlook on what a plesiosaur would have looked like. Nessie looks like what we thought a plesiosaur was like in 1933, but we no longer believe that.
Just fyi, the thylacine is actually pronouced thigh-la-seen not thigh-la-sign
At work right now, can't watch. Really hoping he covers the squonk, the king of all cryptids.
the skunk ape still scares me and its because ive had the exact same experience with it as wendigoon lol
I have never been so hyped for a video
bro ily but how how do you have a 10 minute intro
Bro didn't talk about the Loch Ness exorcism 😭
Love your content but it takes forever to get to it. Im at 10 minutes and nothings happened
BOYS, WENDIGOON ICEBERG JUST DROPPED!
Its the Ice Man
Iceberg boy back too his roots
It really took you 10:30 to get to the very first entry.
Iceberg boy yayyy!!!!!!🎉😂
Aw lawd he back at it again
It took 10 minutes to get the first tier gg
Yes yes yes yes!!!! I’ve wanted this for sooo long!!!!!
I’ve been waiting for this forever!!!
Now were one step closer to the Gnosticism video, but I'm actually super happy about this iceberg :)
MERRY CHRISTMAS ICEBERG BOY 🎉❤❤❤❤❤ My Bday is on December 5th and im gonna enter my 20's, Halloween and horror has always been a massive part of my bond with my mom as we love horror, and finding your channel years ago launching my exploration into analog horror, icebergs, and my lady friend and I are even practicing Christianity with me being super eager thanks to how cool you make it seem. This new video series is the only present I honestly need so thank you SIR!🤝
Thank you iceberg boy. Will watch this than rewatch your 5hr+ videos while studying for finals tonight.
thank you, i was so disssapointed in your recent content man, im like look everything turns to shit nowadays, but youre back on track
But would the Chupacabra (goat sucker) suck The Goatman?
You better cover Puckwudgies and Duendes. If you don't cover Puckwudgies and Duendes I'm gonna lose my sh*t.
hate to see champie be the lowest so far
We are blessed todays boys
Love to see a new video man! Love your work ❤😮
Hello Wendigoon, don’t mind me, just observing
ICEBERG BOII IS BACK!!
The holy day has finally come upon us
I can't wait to hear Wendigoon talk about Spooky Scary monsters.
Video starts at 10:25
As someone from Virginia it makes me sad West Virginia got all the cryptids in the divorce.
I've seen many a jackalope after marathon keggers when I was stationed in Wyoming.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Snow big foot… bruh that’s hella racist!
Wendi returning to his roots  And remember: Cryptozoology is only cryptozoology until it’s proven true. At that point, it’s just zoology.
What a day! I just got my Wendigoon hoodie today and a new iceberg vid. Awesome.
4:47  Whatever in creation exists without my knowledge exists without my consent
Another ICEBERG!!!! Letttt’ssss GO!!!!
Even though icebergs aren't your favourite videos to do, thank you for doing them every now and again alongside other projects you (and your viewers) still enjoy.
Mothman being S tier makes my heart happy. I have a book called “Monsters of West Virginia” and it’s awesome.
YESSSSSSS THANK YOU THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED FROM YOU I LOVE YOU WENDIGOON
Crowley thought it enough to buy property at that ritual house. I have no idea tho.
Just finished watching Wendigoons blood meridian video and now this pops up😁
Another amazing adventure awaits!
Let’s goooooooo
30 mins ago and already 1.5k comments Wow I'm still early
HELL YEAAAA!!!!!! LOVE YOU WENDI!!! thank you for all your hard work and nerding out with us ❤❤
Not to be a dick, but it’s actually pronounced thy-luh-seen
S tier is the over 100 grade that only no life nerds and responsible people get.
That's why he's the GOAT!!! THE GOAT!!
Wait he's goated
WHO ELSE CLAPPED
I don’t need to sound like Katt Williams, but this is exactly what I’ve been waiting for
Babe wake up there’s a new Iceberg video
As a Wyomin, the jackalop has pronghorn antlers not deer antlers
THE BEST TO EVER DO IT
Thank you, iceberg boy
Iceberg boy is back with a new iceberg
We need a whole video on the events surrounding Mothman
Oh god, I hope Wendigoon talks about the Loveland Frog next. That cryptid has to be the one of the most Ohio things in Ohio. Also, I remember my dad watched some Bigfoot Doc (Which he watches tons of) and it said that Bigfoot was a fricking alien. Probably the most insane origin stories about Bigfoot.
Iceberg boy strikes again
its our boy! and hes doing cryptids?! Thank you God!
10 minutes of preamble on a 35 minute video, Wendigoon, you gotta stahp (I'll watch anything you upload tho lol)
Interesting how he said wendigo and goatman when talking about the first tier at the start, because if you combine the two, you get wendigoat, and if that’s the case then I’m watching a cryptid talk about a cryptid iceberg.
Wendigoon says hes notoriously bad at meeting deadlines like we won't wait eagerly and patiently for the next part even if it takes a year
Helllllllll yea buddy
cryptic
Iceberg Boy making a comeback
Skunk ape is just Bigfoot's pothead brother
this is awesome
Thank you iceberg boy, stick to your gimmick
Ice berg boy
Video starts at 10:29
Why the fuck is Dan Akroyd in the bottom tier of the iceberg
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Quick correction "lake loch ness" is incorrect, loch means lake, so you're essentially saying "lake lake ness" lol
Finally the icebergboy is back!!!
23:09 is literally a branch floating In water
Good job iceberg boy
I'm mildly upset with Kraken getting a B tier, but it's acceptable 👀🦑
iceberg boy back at it again
Not into cryptids….. jus wanted to give Wendi a view.
Splendid.
WOO! Cryptmas for December!
When I was little, I wanted to grow up to become a cryptozoologist.  Now I’m working to be an author. An equally foolish endeavor.
LETS GO!!!!
Keep it up Iceberg boy.
Who is the skeleton in the back of your office? Could it perhaps be one of your victims from 2009
Fuuuuck yeah
I got my Wendigoon hoodie last night and it is now my new fav hoodie- and now a new iceberg to share watch with my wife? Hell ya
Just started the video but my bois the hopkinsville goblins better get some respect.
I got so excited when I saw this that it turned me into my state's native cryptid.  Hoping to make an appearance in the next vid
Honestly, I’d want to recommend Wendi play Fallout 76 just to get his take on the cryptids…but I also don’t want him to suffer through 76 like that just to blast Mothman with a flintlock
I don’t remember where I saw it but Thylacine can be considered a cryptid because people did suspect it survived extinction. I remember watching a program that featured odd kangaroo deaths in Australia as the evidence for its survival
As someone who lives in Portland, that museum is definitely a neat place. Walking into it is almost like walking into a store in Harry Potter as it's sorta out of the way and small, making it hard to find it if you've never been there
Iceberg Boy did the thing!!!
Just got my wendigoon hoodie and can’t wait to watch this while wearing it  I think your doing a great job with your channel I can’t wait to see it grow
GIANTS.
It’s nice to see another video by iceberg boy.
Next year for Christmas can we get a video on Hollow Earth and Giants 🥺
What the hell is video? 11 minutes of nothing
I appreciate how Wendigoon acknowledged that the Mexicans and Americans just completely fucked up the coolness of the Chupacabra. As a Puertorrican I'm still salty about this offense inflicted upon our one and only unique cryptid down here in PR
the goblin universe is gonna go so hard
wendigoon is feeding us today boys
woooooooot🎉
Idea Google maps iceberg🤯
YAAAAAA I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE!!!! WENDI YOU DA BEST DAD
Good one, Iceberg Boy.
love your icebergs u and pigpen are the best
MOM STOP THE CAR WENDIGOON UPLOADED
Yes cryptids! I wonder if the Okapi will be on here. (It was considered a cryptid at one point)
Scariest cryptics  Iceberg youtubers
I think your the only YouTuber that I can just sit through the ad plugs in.
We all know Mothman is S-tier cause THAT MAN IS CHEEKED UP
Wendigoon will always make the worst days good again
Iceberg boy just killed my sleep schedule
welp heres another  10 hour iceberg video
Bruh just got my hoodie and thought I was looking at myself, the handsome angel in this damn video. Super comfy man, can't wait for 20 hours of cryptids.
10:30 the video actually starts
Honestly wendigoon makes my day whenever he uploads
When are you releasing the creep cast episode? Been waiting like crazy lol
I actually screamed out loud when I saw the upload. thank you.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Mbolo mbembe pls
I can't wait to see the last video jn this series on this day next year.
video starts at 10:30
Wendigoon is the Steven Spielberg of Iceberg videos. ((Love you man, you make my day :] ))
ive been waiting so long for another iceberg!!
10 mins of blabbering before you even start the video
i adore your content, iceberg boy, but idk if a 10+ minute intro is it-
Australia doesn't exist. The Tasmanian Devil was contained by the Foundation.
Just a slight Wendigasm over a new iceberg 💜💜  Nice, shiny wedding ring Isaiah!
Thylacine sightings are actually still be reported today, hence why they're considered cryptids and on the iceberg. It's not really because it's a recently extinct animal, but more so because people allege to have seen it still alive.
Hehehehehehe a new wendigoon video :D
NO WAY U ARE BACK. THOUGHT THE CIA COUGHT YOU SINCE YOUR CONSPIRACY THEORY VIDEOS. GOOD 2 SEE YOU HAPPY AND ALIVE. Keep it up.
LETS GOOO
Oh boyy just when I was feeling bored ❤
Wendi, you could do a 7 hour video talking about the growth of grass and I would still watch with baited breath.
WE GOT ICEBIRG BOY EARLY!!!!!
Discovered you around 30k subscribers, and really stuck around with the conspiracy theory iceberg, now 3 million subs with the cryptid iceberg. All throughout you’ve been an inspiration with great content! Thank you and God bless, Mr. Wendellin P. Goon
YES FINALLY THANK YOU WENDIDAD
I'm in the middle of an edging sesh but I'll take a slow down to watch this. Good work brother!
such a happy day! thank you so much wendi you are a tressure
Video starts at 10:30
Babe wake up, Iceberg Boy posted another video.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
Wake up babe, new Wendigoon banger just dropped 🏃‍♀️💨
I've never seen one of Dad's videos this close to release. It feels like a movie!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Yes my boys getting his due praise Mothman
Lake Champlain mentioned🥳
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hyped af for this iceberg, I know Wendigoon won't let us down!
Wendi intros go from 2 minutes to 5 minutes to 10 minutes. I expect a 20 minute intro in the future
Loch does mean lake so the funny thing is that when someone says lake loch ness your basically saying Lake Lake Ness
I always dig tales of cryptids... So, for some good and well-told cryptid stories, there is a medium/small-sized channel: 'The Leaf', who sources his mostly unique tales from all over: Reddit, historical sources, viewer submissions, etc, and shares them via (imo) a great reading tone/voice and some storytelling savvy (almost ASMR), with a couple of  20-ish minute posts per week.   I can't recommend that channel enough, and it deserves far more than his current  20k subs...  Check it out. Cheers!
Yay! Pwesents
Always a good day when Iceberg Boy does an iceberg video.
we need the iceberg iceberg
i cant wait for the 10+ hour video to drop
This is what I’ve been waiting for :)
POGGERS
Iceberg Boy strikes again!
WOOOOOOOHHH
Waiting for the only cryptid from Iowa. The one, the only, van meter visitor
Cryptid island on Poptropica you will always be famous
Iceberg era returns
Ohhh I'm pulling up to sit on dad's lap 🎉
ICEBERG BOYYY!
YEESS Thank you, berg boy! I'm jumping into finals soon, so I'm excited to have this series as entertainment through my slaving away. o7
I love iceberg content. It's kinda hard to mess up the format, so even if someone does one that...kinda blows (no delivery at all or God forbid, the AI voiceover) it's still like somewhat watchable because format lends itself to being somewhat decent content. But people don't really do it like Wendigoon or Dantavius where they're actively engaged throughout it.
Mothman is for sure S tier
Underrated Detail imo, The old Music is back. LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Yeah this is neat and all, but where is the Wendigoon iceberg?
coming back to your roots, eh - Iceberg Boy.
DAMN THIS IS A GIFT I WASNT EXPECTING
Actual video starts at 10 minutes l o l
jeez 10 mins before he even starts the iceberg
yippie
I’m five seconds into the video, but I just have to confirm that Christmas DID come early. I was JUST binging your vids today and wishing for more. Thank you so much.
Yay new video :)
As a real life content enjoyer I agree this the perfect blend of real and fake (is fake offensive?I’m sorry if so😂) and I will thoroughly enjoy I’m sure
and there's that classic sax backing music too
Yay
How do cryptids differ from SCPs, since they largely fall into a similar space.
1,347th!!
I’m from Chattanooga and I really hope he talks about green eyes
DEAR UNIVERSE THANK YOU
*gulp* now we’re getting spicy!
Hey Wendi, Just my 2 cents, I love seeing your success, but if you continue having 10 minutes of intro, you're going to lose fans.
Can't wait for the final tier in which, after 10 hours, the final cryptid is the shollygonker or something
thanks for the vid iceberg boy
It if finally here. Everyone cheer. ICEBERG BOY ICEBERG BOY ICEBERG BOY
LET'S GOOOOOOO
Tfw the chupacabre story spoiled the jackalope ranking
Honey, Tasmania is Australia hahah so cute
iceberg boy iceberging
CEO of icebergs
I just realized Wendigoon gives Spooky Tony Tony Chopper vibes, specially when he streams and receives donations.
My parents swear theyve seen the mothman, in their 20s. They described him as a tall dark shadow, but they wont go into further detail
video starts at 10:30 yes im serious.
Iceberg boy going back to his roots I see, very nice
NEW WENDIGOON
I'll watch the video twice a day, every day.  Thank you Iceberg boy  🧊 ❤
Thank you Iceberg boy for the new vid drop
Oh gosh iceberg boy. You are a G
Cryptastic
Yay. Happy holidays everyone and have a great years end wendigoon
iceberg boy is back!!
I'm here cause you talk about really good stuff and talk about it well.
The return of the iceberg boy
Individual parts AND a super cut? Damn bro is gonna make BANK on this iceberg 😂
A 3 foot yeti? Lol
OMG IT"S FINALLY HERE!!! IT'S WELL WORTH THE WAIT!!!!
I am ready
Wendigoon! Wendigoon! Wendigoon! Wendigoon!
How dare you make a cryptid iceberg without making a video about The Ningen first
HELL YEAH
I was genuinly thinking today about how you should make this iceberg... and behold, it is here.
Hi Wendigoon, I would just like to point out that the Thylacine, although most likely extinct since the 1930's, is still widely searched for by groups of cryptid hunters in the remote western regions of Tasmania. Thus, as the revived existence of the classified extinct Thylacine is still widely debated, it does appear as a suitable cryptid by your definition.
Now this is content! Very excited!
Ah, a classic wendigoon vid.  Back to the roots.  Cant wait for the full 8 hour compilation
Wendigoon, I love you, but a 10 minute intro is crazy
Hell yeah brother let’s get some CRYPTUSSY
THIS IS AB TO BE A CERTIFIED WENDIGOON CLASSIC 🚨🚨🚨
IT'S FINALLY TIME! LET'S FUCKIN' GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hell yeah
You take as long as you need sweetie ❤
thank you wendigoon for making more of these holy videos, i have sunk 100+ hours into the conspiracy theory iceberg
MOM  THE TIN HAT WENDIGO FINALLY MADE A CRYPTID ICEBERG  GET THE CAMERA
Iceberg boy returns
I think the best part about ocean dwelling cryptids is that we can't say for certain that they don't exist.
MORE ICEBERGS THAN THE TITANIC, THIS ONE IS COLD
One time my mom told me we were going to buy "yetis", the cup brand, and I took it as I was getting a yeti as a pet. I was very disappointed when we got to the store.
starts at 10:30
PLEASE!!! Mr. Wendigoon I'm begging you, on my knees! with tears in my eyes! PLEASE do an H.P.Lovecraft video!!! It's right up your alley, with hundreds of cosmic beings and terrifying storys to talk about.
Can’t wait to see my segment on here!
Don't matter what it's about, if it's on Wendigoon's channel im watching it.
It's funny how the conspiracy theory ice berg helped get through a depressing part of my life about 3-ish years ago and now I'm back in a depressive state and this comes out now. I just find it ironic and funny. Thankyou man
LETS GOOOOO
Vid dropped 20 min ago and it's at almost 30k views
Wendigoon uploads always make my day ❤
7:21 Wait.... Is wendigoon a barbie movie fan!?   ....Based
Was looking for the perfect video to go to sleep to…thank you I can rest now 🤤
Praise be icebergboi! for blessing us with yet another sloppy slop slop iceberg video
So excited for this series!
Iceburg boy back with another banger
Oh my. This is going to be good
CRYPTID ICEBERG YEEEESSSSSS
Berg boy made a new berg, got me wendigooning
love you iceberg boy ❤
Here's to hoping the Headless Horseman of Sleepy Hallow will be here.
Oh yeah, a Cryptozoology Iceberg, let's go!
Let's fucking goon! Wait... scratch that.
YAS
ayyo love you wendigoon
Babe wake up! New Wendigoon iceberg series!
ICEBERG BOY CAME HOME, HE FINALLY FOUND THE MILK!!1!1
welcome back, iceburg boy!
Wendigooner
ANOTHER WENDIGOON VIDEO LES GOOO
This is cool
Iceberg Boy returns, we love Iceberg Boy!
Dear wendigoon, can you please do a whiteboard video on Stephen paddock, the Las Vegas shooter. Please. Love you
Back on form again, Iceberg Boy.
A BLESSING FROM THE LORD! ICEBERG BOY HAS GIVEN US SUCCULENT, DELECTABLE, AND SCRUMPTIOUS CONTENT ONCE AGAIN!
New iceberg video?? Let's fucking goooo!! We eating good this month wendigang!
EVERYONE STOP, new wendigoon video just dropped
Bae wake up new iceberg just dropped
LETSSSSS GOOOOOO FINNALLLY ANOTHER VIDEO
Nah the Nessie slander is crazy
Shout out to the Cryptozoology Museum, i was in portland one day, learned about it, and am so glad i checked it out
My moms mom, granny was the Skamania county lumber jill champ back in late 60's. We dont even question bigfoots existence. Its the ufo's at night way up in the mountains that's crazy. The stars are amazing, like your in space.
What's my favorite kind of lettuce? Iceberg
The thylacine is a cryptid because people are still reporting sightings of them across Australia.  It -is- applicable.
Seeings this notification pop up made my walk back to the dorm so much better.
Xmas came early and so did I!
KING WENDIBERG
Kane Pixels calling you Iceberg Boy is going to be your Sword of Damocles isn't it
yoo that skelly in the back lol :)
Got my Wendigoon hoodie and it is soooooo soft and really warm too! I’m excited for the Hawaiian shirt which will be in soon! Keep up the good work Dad, I love all your content and I’m really glad I got to get some merch from my favorite YouTuber
WALE UP EVERYONE ICEBERG BOY POSTED
LETSSS GOO9OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Christmas came early boys 🎁
I love you, thank you
ICEBERG BOY BACK AT THE MENU
Please go back to sitting down with a mic the echo hurts my ears
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK YEAAAAH
26,293'rd.
Video Starts at 10:28
What happened to the channel with this dude and hunter hancock?
YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS
i wish giants were mentioned
Just started and I'm so excited I love cryptids
Anytime Iceberg Boy uploads, it feels like early Christmas
YEEEEESS BUZZING FOR THIS WENDIGOON THANKS SO MUCH 😁😁😁
If you don’t mention hoop snake I’m unsubscribing😠
Iceberg returns to us. Joyous days.
my wendigoon sweatshirt came in the mail today and i love it!
monster high origin story
iceburg boi is back!
Thylacines are my favourite 🥺
Uncle wedi is back yay
i abandoned my family at dinner when i got the notification that this video was live. iceberg man icebergs again
YESSSSSS u have NO IDEA of how excited i am to hear u talk about cryptids
Iceberg starts at 10:30, man that’s a long intro
No. Fucking. Way. *Iceberg boy* made another horror iceberg video!  Yeseseseseseseseseseseseses
YAKWTFIGO
The mad lad finally did it
Iceberg boy living up to his name FRFR
THE PROPHECY HAS BEEN FULFILLED!!!!!!!!!
All other bigfoots east of the rockie are literal psi ops; maaaybbeee their could be something but like idk Also that picture you showed of the skunk ape thing, it's one of two pics actually, and Bob Gymlan did an amazing video on it
thank you for the iceberg, iceberg boy
The iceberg starts at 9:51 Bro went harrrrrd with info dump before hand.
9:50 starts
Iceberg boy is back in business 😎
I love Wendigoon, but it’s been too many years now with such poopy audio. Can we please get some cleaner audio recordings 😢
Finally 🎉 Best Christmas gift ever!
Iceberg boi is back
Iceberg boy made a new video! Jokes asside from the name. I absolutely enjoy your content and I'm glad to see a new video :)
I do not care what wendigoon uploads I will watch it five times MINIMUM, he could post a video of paint drying and I’d love it
We are so back.
You go iceberg boy!
As soon as I got the notification abt this video then heard the background music I knew that’s was gonna be great. Thanks for the content
as an australian you did the thylacine dirty, it's in cryptids because people claim to have seen them alive often and there is alot of uncharted australian bushland
This is the best birthday gift I couldve gotten tbh
My PC exploded today. This is the only thing that can bring me any amount of joy.
The iceberg guy came back!!
good day to be alive 🕺🤭
clicked early so I could watch the likes rise in real time
Nice return to form Iceberg Boy
I have to go to sleep why you post now
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AND AS ALWAYS THANK YOU FOR WATCHING….
ICEBERG BOY STRIKES AGAIN
I am begging, please let my boy the Hugag be on here  He doesnt have knees And his face is so long and messed-up that he cant open his lips to chew his food  Please i love him so much
G I A N T S
Hi Wendigoon
Oh boy
Oh no…
Thanks for the vid iceberg boy
Seeing a new wendigoon video pop up made my jaw literally drop. YEAAHHH BOOOYYY
LETSGOOOO ICEBERG BOY
Video starts at 9:57
"AnOtHeR iCeBeRg???" Yes, yes it is in fact another "iCeBeRg", And we love it. Keep it up Iceberg Boy, love ya
Dude I have so many exams and projects due these next couple of days and you have the gall to upload rn.
Glad you returned to your roots for another iceberg iceberg boy
NEW ICEBERG LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Iceberg boy has done it again, thank you
As someone whose job is to hike through the middle of the Everglades, I can confirm that the skunk ape is the least of my worries.
BABE wake up new Wendigoon Iceberg video!!!
i was on a boat up in alaska, and i saw an iceberg, and i swear to all things holy that this man was standing on top of it yelling about something strange and random
ICEBERG BOYYYYYYY hell yes I love these videos
897th
We are reaching levels of pog that may rip reality apart as we know it
RAARAGHU
iceberg boy is back let's go!!!!!!
YOO oh my god i adore cryptids, so so hyped for this! thank you as always for the content wendi
MA! MA!!!!! ICEBERG BOY IS DOING ANOTHER ICEBERG VIDEO!!!
excited for more, keep up the good work!   -your friendly neighborhood mcr fan
Our boy in the iceberg has returned
YYYEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH
Iceberg Boy returns!
Holy shit
Weird Bible podcast?
FUCK YES. CRYPTID LOVERS RISE UP.  Also booo, Nessie is S ez
I can't believe it's finally here Gives me nostalgia from the conspiracy theory iceberg
Skip to 10:26 for when the iceberg starts.
I don't know shit about fuck
For online cryptids I think wendigoon himself should be on the above water teir
Hey nice, was listening to some of your previous videos when this popped up
I found this channel like right after he finished the conspiracy theory iceberg so I'm excited to finally be here to see the start and finish of an iceberg series
AYYYYYYYYY NEW WENDIGOON VID!!!!!  I love these man!! You're so knowledgeable and I learn so much from these!
LETS GOOOOOO
NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG?? CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY
I was going to sleep, but now it has been postponed
YEEEEEEESSSSS
ICEBERG BOY IS OFFICIALLY BACK!
Video starts at 10:31
Both your pods are going crazy bro 🎉
ICEBERG BOY REALLY BE MAKING BANGERS
Honey wake up, new Wendigoon iceberg vid just dropped
OH THIS IS SICK
LETS GOOOO
LETS GOOOO ICEBERG BOY RETURNS
OMG IT'S WENDI. WENDI IS BACK
My jaw dropped when i saw this vid posted
where’s red thread episode 2 wendigoon. 🚗🦹‍♂️✊🏻
Ayoooooo, I waited for the cryptid iceberg for so long! Thanks! ❤❤❤
Well well well, the Iceberg Boy returns.
lmao 10 minute into the vid, it begins
There you go iceberg boy, right where you belong
DADS BACK WITH MILK
Thank you iceberg boy for this new delicious iceberg. I grew up obsessed with cryptids and monsters so this makes me very happy.
i was hoping for a magic spoon ad 😭
Another video I can watch and almost crash to while driving from a 10 hour day at work. Christmas indeed.
Video begins at 10:30. You're welcome.
I love a good Wendigoon series
Thanks for the content Fed(((berg))) Boy
dropped what i was watching immediately to watch this
Merry Crystmas
This man could sneeze and I would take notes.
I unfortunately was not there to witness the progession and finale of the Conspiracy Iceberg, (I did binge the whole series a few months back, it was incredible) but I assure you, I will be eagerly anticipating every single episode of this series.
Yes! I'm so excited!
It's happening, we're getting Giants! 😮
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG
The Iceberg boy has graced us once more with another gift!
I'm wendigooni- actually I'm not gonna say that.
FORWARD SLASH WENDIGOOOOOOON!!!!!!!!!!
LETS GOOOO MORE LONG ICEBERG VIDEOS THAT I CAN REWATCH AND FALL ASLEEP TOO! God bless you papa wendi
Thank you Mister Wendigoon for saving me from sadness and boredom this Christmas season
YESSSSSSSS YES YES YES YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
The story of the Thylacine is so sad. Wiped out by assholes.
Finally. A return to tradition
Here we have it folks, the beginning of the bergiest icetier exist cryptid ever to. Seatbelt in strap your fellas.
Heck yea
33:30 lesser known fact but there are sightings and reports of possibly new species of coelacanth today. These include reports in South America, the Gulf of Mexico, and India
Iceberg boy returns
yahooo!!
Iceburg Boy !!!
Wendigoon please at the very end of this iceberg say “I guess the real wendigoon were the cryptids we made along the way”
Oh fuck yea, this is a great early christmas gift
Nice video Iceberg Boy
“It tastes…” *touches tongue to liquid* “Just fine”   *NOW CHUG IT*
goon timeeeeeeeee
Makes my day 100x better every time wendigoon uploads
I love cryptids and I tolerate Wendigoon, LETS GO
Mashallah Iceberg Boy has blessed us with another upload
Iceberg boy delivered the goods.
If you promised to do it over a year ago, doesn't that mean Christmas has come super late?
This is the greatest thing to happen since the second coming of christ
my wendi senses were tingling bc i began to rewatch his videos, wondering when he was gonna post again, and it's been a little while since he has! Et voila!!
About time
thank you for feeding us father
I dont even need to watch the whole thing to know to give the video a like
icebergs are so cool i wish wendigoon was real
My head cannon is that people calling him iceberg boy reminded him he wanted to do this
Ww2 video when😔😔😔😔😔
Oh yeah  Cant for this series
we eating GOOOOOOD TONIGHT
When are we getting the iceberg iceberg?
Iceberg boy is back
youtube should create x10 watch speed for me on 2% on the phone ciao
New iceberg just dropped LETS GOOOO
And we're supposed to NOT call him iceberg boy?
It finally happened
OH MY GOD IT FINALLY HAPPENED
let's goooo, wendigoon cryptid iceberg
Wendi changes clothes like my bipolar disorder changes my personality in this video.
OH YEAH
LETS GOOOOO
Omg yes!!!! I'm so freakin excited!
I went on break to look up “Wendigoon” to pick a video and was BLESSED to see this!!!
aw hell no son I'm not watching any wendicoom video that's less than 3 hours long
Wendigoon has gotta have the longest intros known to man. Regardless I love you
Iceberg man has returned, some guy stole your channel for awhile, but he still had cool content, maybe you should team up with him?
Thank you
this is the greatest day of my life
Glad to see the iceberg boy back in his element
Lol lowkey thought the intro was the ShamWOW towel guy  about to sell me some towels lmao 😂😂😂
Wake up Babe, new wendigoon iceberg vid just dropped.
The new iceberg just dropped
RAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH💪🔥🔥🔥🔥😤
Wouldn't be a wendigoon video without 10 mins of nonsense rambling before the video actually begins
1,021st
Can’t wait until the 24 hour version
I may have just missed it but it's a real shame that the Snallygaster didn't appear on the list, it's one of my personal favorites especially since Theodore Roosevelt himself showed interest in hunting it while he was still president Edit: Nevermind it's in tier 12
Nice! What a great topic for this channel. (Though I don't really believe in 99% of proposed cryptids, for whatever reason I dig the subject.)  Right on! Cheers!
Keep up the great work ... we rather great content over rushed content
YEEAAAAAHHHH NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG!! WE ARE BLESSED.
NEW ICEBERG FROM DAD LETS GOOOOO
the return of iceberg boy!
Ice berg boy upload
1000th!
It’s always a great day when Wendigoon posts
Hell yeah I've been waiting for this one for so long
Let's goooo!!
EU TE AMO WENDIGOON EU TE AMO EU TE AMO EU TE AMO
Hooray!  I've been waiting for this one!
WOAH IM EARLY :0 love u wendi
This is everything I needed thank you WENDIGOON
life has been incredibly difficult lately and seeing wendi dive back into icebergs is like the coziest most wonderful thing that I absolutely needed and Wendi if you see this thank you so fricking much, my heart and soul feel full knowing I have this to look forward to
10:26 Beginning of the list.
lol that lil kiss though 🥹
I was fully expecting this video to be at least 2 hours, which I would have gladly watched, but I do appreciate the shorter content since life is busy 🙏 WENDIGOAT 🐐
Imagine wendigoon reaching out to you via video saying you know who you are. Must feel great
the iceberg boy is back.
Babe wake the fuck up new Wendigoon video just dropped
I'm not gonna have Christmas this year, but this is nice...😄
LINK THE ICEBERG
well, well, well, if it isn't iceberg boy
Wake up babe, new Wendigoon iceberg video just dropped
Ahahahah!
Hey there, Wendigoon! I'm from Maine, and the Cryptozoology museum is a staple for the community! It's a fascinating visit, I highly recommend if you ever find yourself in the state. (I'm a massive werewolf enthusiast, and the museum's tribute to the myth was very fun.) Yet another fantastic video!
Nice vid iceberg boy
U the goat windigoon
Last time I was this early Uncle Ted was still alive.
This is the best Christmas present ever!!
Can’t wait for the Hawaiian shirt!
Looks like dopamine is back on the menu
iceberg boy is back at it again
Nice one iceberg boy!!
Bro gonna get iced out with how many iceberg charts he covers
WendiGOOOOOOON! Thank you so much for the upcoming 'holiday' content. Appreciate it and Merry Christmas.
NEW ICEBERG
So returns iceberg boy.
YOOOOO
Ok so happy rn cause I’m writing a book on cryptids ty wendigoon
Iceberg Boy returns!! The champion reigns lol
Any idea where the JFK video went?
my favorite part of the video was when wendigoon said "it's goonin time" and totally gooned all over the iceberg
Yay iceberg Boi is doing iceberg stuff
We love iceberg boy
Omg yesssssssss!
He has blessed us! Thank you dad!
WOOOHOOO I@M SO EXCITED TO WATCH THIS
Thank you, iceberg boy. Much appreciated
Bro I feel bad for anyone giving me gifts this Christmas season no one will top this.
This is gonna turn the icebreg boy in me to become an iceberg man.(the implications where there)
may favorite cryptid are the friends we made along the way
another gooners video thanks gor gooning us today
He’s truly living up to the Iceberg Boy name
omg ive been waoting for this for so long i am thrilled
YESSSS
YES I LITERALLY NEEDED A NEW LONGISH VIDEO TO WATCH TY WENDI
Another amazing video from Iceberg boy.
Earliest I’ve ever been to a wendigoon video
Literally instant click as soon as I saw this was uploaded
The video actually starts at 10:30 thank me later
I wasn't expecting to see Billy Mays in this video
obligatory early comment
idk if you'll ever see this wendigoon but can we get a Livestream on New Year's if u aren't busy the topic can be anything
Cryptid Iceberg let’s gooo!!!
Finally!!! I've literally been binging the iceberg videos this is awesome
ABOUT FUCKIN TIME SON  YEET
The conspiracy theory iceberg videos were how I found your channel, and with this new series, I hope it'll be the reason why others find your channel
wake up wendi just dropped a new iceberg
back to work, iceberg boy.
I wendi-goon to your videos
Nice video Iceberg Boy
Babe wake up new Wendigoon iceberg !!!
Eisberg boy returns!!
YEEEEESSSSSSS
Just started watching the video and calling it now that there will be a “GIANTS” mic peak/jump scare at some point.
This Video finna be fire, im hyped😊🙏🔥
So happy to see the not deer on this list. Growing up in East TN it’s always been one of my favorite cryptids given how close to home it feels, and there isn’t really a lot of content focused on it. Excited to see wendigoons take on it as well.
No other created has ever made me yell “HOOLLYY SHIT HE UPLOADED HE UPLOADEDDDDDDDD” every time I see a new video. +10 points for making me eat shit down a flight of stairs once
Wendi "Ice Man" Goon
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
<3
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
900 people already in the comments. Y’all just want attention
So effn pumped!
Hell yeah
The boy in the iceberg returns
Let's goooo the beginning of another iceberg!!!
YIPPIE
Let’s goooooooo! I’ve been waiting for this since you first mentioned it!
I saw one of these Cryptid Icebergs like yesterday.
Can we get a link to the iceberg?
Wendi without the echo was the best era.   Reason: No echo.
Back at it
Iceberg boy going back to his roots, love to see it
I've seen a lot of cryptid content and now that you're doing an iceberg I can finally be at peace.
Alright Ive got my Henderson fit lets get exposed to the unknown horrors that may or may not exist
Best Christmas gift ever
iceberg boy did it again
video starts at 10:25
FINALLY!
My hoodie came with a little stain on the back, I hope it washes out. But the Hoodie is the softest one I have. Can't wait to wear it out
LEST FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Hype
LET'SSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I love ya Wendigoon but ya gotta get yourself a permeant recording space with consistent lighting and sound levels, with peace and love! <3
I can’t wait to learn more about the gay dogman of fort bragg
Fuck yes
Thanks for going back to your roots Iceberg Boy!
Yippee thanks iceberg boy!
I play wendigoon vids in the back bc I feel like his presence will expel any demons in my room
HOLY SHIT ICEBERG BOY IS BACK
Oh my god he is jumping into another long iceberg, long live Wendigoon
About time iceberg boy ❤️
YESS YESSSSSS FINALLY SOMETHING TO WATCH AT WORK FUCK YES
Bout time I get a damn upload from ya ass
Wendigoon is one of the most interesting and intelligent people on YouTube. Also he looks like Brandon Herrera in Hawaii
thank you for this
FINALLY , I've been waiting for him to you do a cryptids one , I celebrated outloud and it's 2 am 💀
two new podcasts??? lets goooooo
Dan Aykroyd misspelled in bottom tier has me so fucking excited for this lmao
12 MINUTES I WAS HERE IN 13 MINUTES
WERE SO BACK
LETS GO ICEBERG BOY!!!
LETS GOOOOOOO WE'VE BEEN WAITING YEARS FOR THIS ONE LADS
Iceberg man is bringing us fresh ice. Make sure you watch it before he's killed and replaced by one of those alphabet corporations.
Iceberg boy is back.   LETSGO!!!!!! (I’m hyped) 😊
Wasn't me
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Oh boy, I hope he talks about the Jackalope Edit: Low blow on the Chupacabra Mr.Wendigoon
So excited for this!
Pain killers only put me in the twilight 🗣️🔊🔊
"He's a real Iceberg man, living in his Iceberg land, making all his Iceberg plans, for Iceberg videos."  - The Beatles, probably
Iceberg boy back at it again
THANK YOU SM PAPA WENDIGOON!!! really the best early Christmas present I could’ve received seeing a new iceberg video
RETURN OF THE ‘BERGSSS
This is a crazy full circle moment
Receiving my Wendigoon hoodie and a new Wendigoon video in the same day? It must be Christmas
Hell yes, been waiting on this since the start of the conspiracyberg
oh my fucking god oh my fucking god oh my fucking god
Wendigoon video saves me again
i hope to god the squonk gets some recognition
How long will this one go on?
I’m the guy that made the iceberg. 😎🖐🏻
Wendigoon has been on such a tear recently between this, the red thread, and the creepcast. Love to see it
Physically, literally, theoretically, and maybe even spiritually stopping everything when Dad uploads a new iceberg
Iceberg boy is back, let's goooo
Fuck yeah
YES! YES! IT'S FINALLY HERE!
Glad to see that our homies at the CIA have left our wendigoon daddy alone and alive
Skip the first 10 minutes. Jesus, this is why I can't auto play these videos in a playlist. 10:00
I've been binge watching old videos, gald to get new content!
Yes!!!! Iceberg boi is here!
please bring Poob on for one of the parts
Thanks for the early Christmas present
LESSGOOOO !!!DAD POSTED
Wendigoon could shapeshift into a copy of my parents, screaming to lure me out into the woods and i would still watch his videos! keep it up!
is that a new camera I see. The quality looking crisp
Love you wendigoon!  (video starts at 10:28) Shhhh
holy shit I just took a shower and asked myself if a new Wendi video came out and here I see 10 minutes ago you posted an iceberg video 🤯 wow
YES!
Iceberg Boy is back!
Oh boy here we go
Really owning that new nickname, Iceberg Boy
YIPPEE
LETS FUCKINGGG GOOOOOOO
Iceburg boy is back with an iceburg let’s go
WOOO WOOO WOOO ITS WENDIGOOOOON
Being here 10 minutes after uploading feels like rainbows and sunshine
Yeah, get back to your roots iceburg boy   ❤
I'm super excited for this series, but I gotta say, starting a 36min video in the 11th minute is a bold move, whenever I rewatch the series it will definitely be through the compilation video
HERE WE GO ICEBERG BOI!
Well, well, well.... iceburg boy returns 😈
YEEEESSSSS! OOOOHHHH YEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
LETS GO ICEBERG BOY
what Dry erase boards you got
"Captain, Iceberg ahead... And we are ready for it!"
That ain't the dog cop I know
ICEBERG BOY COMES IN CLUTCH
I just binged so many videos just for this gem to drop. Christmas indeed did come early!
Aww, kinda disappointed "GIANT" Tier didn't make a return. Thinking about it now, giants aren't really a cryptid. Anyways, here we go!
The last time I was this early the inflation of the USD wasn't so bad
Hey it's iceberg boy
Wendi’s going to make me Goon over these deep cryptids
Babe wake up new webdigoon dropped
Let's go Iceberg boy is back at it again!!
DUDE IM SO EARLY
Iceberg boy is back!
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK 🎉🎊
YES!! WAFFLE HOUSE SHIFT IS EATING GOOD TONIGHT!!
hooray. love this content so much
Video starts at 7:00
One third of the video explaining what the video will be about. Hurry up already.
Leeettsss goooooo dad uploaded
Oh my god the iceberg boy is back and in full force
i’ve never been this early for a video, and it’s just before bedtime! i love a good wendigoon video before bed
HECK YEAH
Finally, honestly i thought you cancelled the video and forgot about this iceberg
Can’t wait for part 2 to come out in 6 weeks
Yassssss
8 mins early-
FINALLY ITS HERE. NEW ICEBERG JUST DROPPED BOYS. 🎉
This is just what I needed
I would like to recommend the Angel Hare analog horror.
Wediiifooonn!!!!!!
I love southern icebergs
YESSSS
NICE
10 minute wendigang :0
Hmmmmmmm
Thank you iceberg boy
Hopefully this will be 20 hours long so I can watch Wendigoon for a whole day.
my cold, dead heart just fluttered a bit
I cannot express with words the amount of pure unadulterated happiness I am currently feeling upon seeing the upload notification for this video.
God is good, I opened YouTube and see a fresh wendigoon video
Another great video from Christ reincarnated
Video doesn’t start until 10 minutes
Great-Great Grandma wake up, new Wendigoon video
I am so incredibly hyped for this series I can’t even express my excitement with words :D
I absoutely adored the whole conspiracy iceburg for when I work work long shifts and now I get a cryptid iceberg! I can't wait!
YEAAAH Iceberg Boi is back. Let's goooooo Also, check out the Haunted Cosmos podcast. They want to collab (they love giants too)
God bless Christmas for this video thank you brother
This will be the Greatest iceberg in channel history
I could've sworn he did this iceberg before.
I figured he had forgotten about this, im here for it, though.
Awwhhh shit, here we go again.
New content to listen to while studying ML, nice
LETTTTS GOOOOOO
The Jersey devil harassed me and my cousin at our aunts house  Goatman+Mothman= Jersey Devil
Christmas Came Early 0:17 The Complete Cryptid Iceberg, Portland ME. 0:53 This is part 1 of a multiple part video series. When this series is finished, it will be compiled into A Supercut (all parts glued together into a Full Series Video that will be like 2 or more Hours Long) 1:23 DM's got lost! Shoutout to the guy who made this Iceberg. 2:29 An Iceberg is a Quick Look at lots of content. - Covering an ocean's worth of content in like 1 minute units. 3:30 S Tier is like A+ in grades. 4:23 What is a Cryptid? A Creature theorized to exist. 5:18 The Red Thread Podcast by Jackson Clark. The Goatman. 6:00 Creepcast. 6:14 Wendigoon merch. 6:34 ADVERTIZEMENT: AG1.  *We are gonna get into it* 9:51 but as always... thanks for watching.  10:27 *Bigfoot aka Sasquatch.* - Where: Pacific Northwest - The Poster Boy for Cryptids - Killer? Guardian?  12:15 *The Loch Ness Monster aka "Nessy"* - Where: Scotland - Kinda overrated to Wendigoon. - That's cool, kinda cute, mid.  14:22 *Mothman.* - Where: Point Pleasant, West Virginia, Military Munitions plant - A Moth Demon Creature - A-Tier  16:09 Mothman Museum  16:35 *The Kraken* - Where: In The Ocean - A Powerful Squidlike Sea Creature - Killer Sea Creature 18:02 Roaming the waters  18:23 *The Yeti aka The Abominable Snowman* - Where: On The Mountains of Tibet. - A Snow Creature - B-Tier  20:02 *Thylacine aka The Tazmanian Tiger* - Where: Tazmania, Australia. - Wolverine Dog Thing, Marsupile pouch. - N/A  20:50 *The Skunk Ape* - Where: The Florida Everglades - Stinky Ape - B-Tier  22:49 *Champy* - Where: Lake Champlain - Snake Sea Monster, Loch Ness Monster of The USA - D-Tier, "Take this legend and move it somewhere else"  24:25 *The Chupacabra* - Where: Latin America, Puerto Rico - Blood Drinking K-9, Reptilian Humanoid - C-Tier 26:22 A report on the Chupacabra  26:30 *The Jack Rabbit Antelope, The Jackalope* - Where: Wyoming - Jackalope 27:35 - Wendy likes it. B Tier  28:50 *The Jersey Devil* - Where: Southern New Jersey in The Pine Barrins. - Dragon Horse Cow Gargoyle thing - IT IS EVIL. ITS SCARY. A-Tier  30:13 *The Dog Man, aka The Michigan Dog Man* - Where: Wexford County, Michigan - Werewolf Dog - Uncanny, cool, shaky beginning. Fake. C-Tier  32:00 *Non-Applicable Cryptids* - Sea Serpent - Lauren Coleman is the founder of The Cryptid Museum - The Fiji Mermaid hoax - Josh Gates - Coelacanth 33:44 Expedition Everest Finding Big Foot  34:11 The End of Tier-1 34:24 We talked about some commonly known cryptids in the shallow waters  34:40 Thank You For Watching. 35:07 Thank You All For Watching 35:45 Thank You For Watching, I Hope You Enjoyed. And I'll See You In The Next One... BYE!
Ahhhhhh le wendis here
thank you iceberg man
I love you
You’re my favourite, Thank you for uploading. It would be cool if you were teachers about Angels and I don’t know, I was just really loved your paradise lost and so on even though I know that’s not canon to the Bible but I don’t know I guess it’s just me either way thank you If you see this. I do appreciate your prayers more than you know
2.k likes in 8 minutes already!
Wow this couldn’t have come at a better time. I’m doing a project that involves cryptids
I love you iceberg boy 💕
Love your channel. You should cover the Henry McCabe disappearance. (And his bone chilling final voicemail)
WE'RE SO BACK
WAIT THIS IS GOOD, HOLD ON
Very nice
Oh this is gonna be good!
OK iceberg BOI
NEW ICEBERG TYBG
YES HE DID CRYPTIDS!
When daddy Wendi uploads he makes my toes curl😩😩😩
HELL YEAH BABY LET'S FUCKIN' GO!
thank you gooning
1:44 🤭
Y E S. IT FINALLY ARRIVES. HUZZAH!
Iceberg boy
Wendigoon being the wendigoat as usual
Okie I watch
This is where the fun begins
Our beloved Iceberg Boy is at it again
Love the content and how youre not afraid to go "off schedule" and you make them at your own pace and great quality. keep it up!
We bigfoots are the best cryptid
Not to nag right after you just fulfilled one of your old promises, but... historical serial killer video when? It sounded really interesting when he brought it up at the end of the serial killer iceberg
Oh finally a video on the cryptids.
Iceberg boy doing what he does best. Love you wendi😊
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Yooo. I have always been fascinated with cryptids and love learning about obscure ones so this will be fantastic.  Thank you iceberg boy
HES BAAAACK
Let’s gooooooo
How does this have 7000 views in 7 minutes. Just a testament to Wendigoons quality, nice job man
Chop chop call of duty boy
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!
How ironic that this video drops the night i spent an hour telling my kids about cryptids
Oh fuckkkkkk yeeeeeeee
LETS GOOOOOOO this is going to be amazing. WE stan
Now this… this is quality content. Actually, all of your stuff is. Love your stuff brother!
LETS FUCKING GO
Hi Wendigoon
ICEBERG BOY BACK AT IT AGAIN!!! AND WITH THE CLASSIC MUSIC LETSGO
I actually stopped watching a new Red Letter Media video to switch to this
Funny iceberg guy drops anew iceberg series, finals season is now made bearable 😁👍
For the love of god, link the iceberg
Wendigoon should make a video kissing me hotly on the mouth
Amazing content today on YT.
bae wake up new wendigoon post
I drink moxie so I like Maine 0_0
LETS GOOOOOOO
GIANTS?
I've never clicked on a video faster.
Christmas most definitely came early you handsome devil you
Video starts at 10:30 after adds
I love you dad
Omg I love you
Good job, Iceberg Boy great video! Cant wait to see these now go.. Ice some bergs
I'm so glad my sleep schedule is so fucked.
im sorry you spilled something on your hoodie
HELL YEAH!!! Been wanting to see this for a while!
Podcast (red thread) material 👀?
Watching a new Wendigoon video is the perfect end to a great day.
Iceberg boy returns!
I had the longest, most exhausting day at school and work. I can’t describe how much of a treat it was to come home to this video on my feed. Thanks for doing what you do.
I didn’t even know I clicked on this video but thank you
"Diversity" will be looked at as Western Civilization's greatest mistake.
ah shit here we go again
this is gonna be a doozy
I thought "The Goblin Universe" was just the name of your fanbase
Great video, I loved it
I'm a simple man. I see new wendigoon video, I click play.
WE ARE SO BACK!!’
o shid waddup Iceberg Boy?
YESS so happy
Wendigoon the kind of guy to tell everyone he slid into your dms.
WE ARE SO BACK, BABY!
Vid starts at 10:25
wendigoon
Lord I'm EARLY and I'm HAPPY ❤️❤️❤️
oooooh this is so hype. I needed a win today
HELL YEAH NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG 🥳🥳🤩🤩🤩🎊🎊🎊🍾🍾🙏🙏🎈🎈
i have never clicked faster in my life. i remember this video being announced back in the conspiracy iceberg days
Love your videos man.
LETS FUCCCKIINGGGG GOOOOOO
Holy shit yes
bros finally fulfilling his name
iceberg boy does it again
Yiiiiiipeeeeeeeee
finally iceberg boy is back at what he does best
YEEAAAHHHHHHH
ICEBERG BOY BACK AT IT AGAIN LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Iceberg boy has bought us a cryptid iceberg, I can finally know random cryptids
The iceberg boi is back!!!!!
It Begins!!!!!! Cryptids Baby!!! Whoooooo!!!!!
DAD IS BACK!
Fresh hot wendigoon video??? Wendigoon ICEBERG VIDEO?????
YEAHHHHHHH FINALLY
wer have been blessed at the end of thanksgiving break
yesss
IT BEGINS
It’s Wenditime to ruin my sleep schedule again to binge this series
fuck yes
10:30 video begins here
HECK YEAH ICEBERG BOY IS BACK WITH MORE ICEBERGS
Poggy
Thank you Mr. Goon, very cool.
marry me please
It’s happening! 🥳
IT'S FINALLY HERE!
I can’t wait to see some sort of horrific mix of human, elephant, snake thing at the bottom
The iceberg starts at 10:32
ALWAYS A GOOD DAY WHEN WENDIGOON POSTS 🙏
Well, this is going to take a while to complete lol
There should be a crypitd fighting game tbh
ICEBERG BOY IS BACK BABY WOOOOO
:0
OH YES HERE WE GO BABY!!!
My wendigoon iceberg hoodie JUST got here I'm gonna put it on and watch this
Hi
You don’t know how much better my day has gotten now that this is out
let’s GOOOOOO
I can’t believe iceberg boy finally made another iceberg
YEEEEEEESSSSS!!!!! HES DOING IT BOYS!!!!!!
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
oh my god finally!!!! been waiting for this since you mentioned in the conspiracy theory iceberg video that you might make a video about cryptids.
LETS GOOOOO
yippee!
LETS GOOO 🔥🔥🔥
I LOVE YOU WENDIGROOM, I hope you and Wendiwife are doing well
Video start at 10:30
return of the iceberg boy
This is going to go crazy psycho mode style. Can't wait.
Yay
why people commenting at 4 minutes lol? But it IS wendigoon so it's gonna be a banger
finally, another iceberg video i can watch and procrastinate doing all my work :))
W video frfr
"Christmas came early."    And so did I.
I’m so early~🎶
Babe, wake up, part one of the complete cryptid iceberg just dropped.
FINALLY, THIS IS GONNA BE AMAZING.
I don’t think I’ve ever been more excited to see a video title before
Christmas definitely came early thank you
I released a cryptid-themed album earlier this year. My song "The Forest" was in part inspired by a Wendigoon video in which he was talking about the spooky Appalachian woods! I have a VHS-style DIY music video for it on my channel. It features 3 cryptids!
Iceberg Boy at it again!!!
Thanks dad
Lets gooooooo. Im so excited for this:)
BABE WAK UP! new Wendigoon!!
LET'S GOOO
heat
Wendigoon getting a bit swole💪
@1:44 is that a sniper wolf jab?
Christmas really did come early! Thanks for giving me a great present for Christmas,  I love your iceberg videos so much and can't wait for the future ones!
Iceberg Boy is cooking again
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
iceberg boy iceberging once again, praise be 🙏
Yay. Iceberg.
It's 1.45 am I have work in the morning. Why did I have to check this notification before sleeping. Damn you wendigoon, guess I'll have to be tired
the best cryptid is the gougar
Icerburg Boi has returned.
Hope to see "El Nahuelito"
Wearing the same hoodie while watching this video
Thank god! Way better than the mental health iceberg I watched the other day.
THE GOON ITS THE GOON THTHE GOKIN OGH HHJOOILY FUCCCK THE GGGOGN
This video had better feature giants
ITS CRIMAS
thansks wendipiss
Me watching the video and crying knowing that Wendigoon is for sure gonna “mysteriously disappear” or “have a tragic fatal accident” after this video
an instant classic
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
consistant uploads!!! thank you iceberg boy thank you
have a good day
Iceberg boy cooked up with this one.
Mom wake up, iceberg boy just dropped a new vid
New Wendigoon video? It's an Iceberg video? about cryptids? releasing in several parts? Best.Day.Ever!
ITS HAPPENING LETS GOOOOO
I haven't been this excited in so long
YEEEEEEEEAAAAHHHHH BOIIIIIIII New Wendigoon vid lets fucking GO!
Wendigoon  is goated
1st 3.5 thousand
YESSSSSS LETS GOOOO FINALLY
The real cryptid is (insert president at time of you reading this comment)
Is this the long awaited cryptid fuckability iceberg
Wendigoon, you are really something special, you know that? 😎 Your content always gets me excited  and your screen presence is both warm AND professional, which is a tough balance to strike. Thank you for what you do. I’m a big fan, buddy! 😊 Keep up the marvelous work!
CRYPTID, LETS GOOOOOOOOO! THANK YOU FOR THE EARLY X-MAS GIFT DAD. I LOVE IT
Let's Wendi-gooooooo
Can't wait to watch each part of this series just to spend the entire time watching the supercut too 😂
I cant believe it took iceberg boy this long to make a video on cryptids lol
white boy winter is in full swing
SOOO HYPED! love your iceberg vids
I am thrilled and honored to be so early to one of your videos! Your videos have been my favorite since I can remember, and I really appreciate all the time and work you put into them. You’re a gosh-darn inspiration, Wendi. Take care, my friend.
Let’s go!
Enter the Nephilim
510th!!
Wendigoon my beloved
For every five cryptids, there's at least one Bigfoot.
Wedi aint escaping the iceberg boy allegations with this one
MERRY CHRISTMAS ICEBERG BOY!
bottom text
Omg its happening, ITS HAPPENING PEOPLE
WOOOOHOOOO
Only 35 minutes 😢
Yooo🎉
I RAN to this video
Doing icebergs again AND not wearing a Hawaiian shirt??? Yeah this is a skinwalker, RIP Wendy Gooner
“Finish by Christmas” . . . …seven months and 10 entries later
YOOOOOOOOOOOO great vid man!
AN ICEBERG :O!
YEAH BABY! THAT’S WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
iceberg boy has returned
I’m so happy that these videos are finally starting to get made
dude, you just spent the first 10 minutes blabbering and yapping all over the place
Here we gooo!
WOOOOH!
iceberg boy returns
Iceberg boy is back
Yay
Thank you papa
yippie!
HERE WE GOOO!
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY
Wendi-kun
absolutely amazing, it’s been a min since an iceberg
YESSSS
Yeeeeeee
Back to his roots
Yooo icebergboy
Dude why do you have to post this right as I have to go on stand for 30 minutes??
LEEEZZZZ GGOOOOO
I have never clicked on a notification faster and I mean that literally
Fkn A 🎉🎉🎉
I edged to this entire video im so happy its out finally
Finally, it's here!
Lets Fucking GOOOO
Yippee I'm early
Lets Go!!!!!! A Cryptid iceberg!
Ou yeah!
Let’s gooooo
Christmas did indeed come early
Iceberg boy does what iceberg boy does best, cover icebergs. What a champ.
iceberg boy is back
the time has finally come 🥹
Iceberg Boy is back on the menu!
Getting an early Xmas gift this year
was just watching the ocean video and wishing for another iceberg, it’s my lucky day!
Iceberg boy is back
hmm
This is it boys, I am so damn exited. I was actually gonna do this one if he didn't, hell I might still.
Oh, Bless Your weird, beautiful soul
Another Wendigoon iceberg video means another great day to be alive.
LETS GOOOOOO
Bro video uploaded 1 minute ago and it's 1.6k views and 300 comments..... That's crazy.... That says how good wendigoon is ✊
MOM WAKE UP THERE'S A NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG
yoooo im ready for this 🤝
Last time i was this early wendi was writing a 12 page thank you note after getting 500 subs
Thank you Iceberg boy for another banger
YOOOOOOO
Iceberg boy has returned
Iceberg boy is back
Thank you, iceberg boy. For all the icebergs you do.
YES YES YES!
It’s a great day for annoying people (me)
As a old friend would say: why took you soo long?
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1 minute gang!
wendigoon could make a 5 hour iceberg about vacuum cleaners and id watch it on repeat for an entire year. thank you, Iceberg Boy.
Yes Cryptids! I always like horror-mystery stories!😁
The way I just RAN over here!
I CANT WAIT TO HEAR ABOUT MY FAVORITE OHIO CRYPTID, LOVELAND FROGMAN
W.
CRYPTIGOON SUPERIORITY
YESSSSS! I love ma boi wendigoon covering the shit we always wanted
This man is a national treasure.
huzzah
we been waiting for this one for a long time 🙏
Video starts at 10:30
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YES!!! This is the Wendigoon second coming! I can feel myself getting lighter already 🧍‍♂️
yES
I have a massive request... Would you be able to do a breakdown of the band Gloryhammer and its absurdly complex storyline?  If it helps, there is time travel, wizards and alternate dimensions involved lol.
My dad must have been a cryptid because I’ve never seen him in public 😭😭😭😭
Oh dear lord this is gonna be the next conspiracy theory level of massive iceberg.
Sick
always a good day when wendigoon uploads
i'm gooning so hard over this
Here we go!
Youre the man goon
LETS GO ! new wendigoon video means very awesome day
LET'S GOOOOO!!!! Just the stuff I needed for monster inspiration for the upcoming D&D campaign I'm running. Also, SO happy to hear the old backing music from the good ol' iceberg days :)
LETTTTSSSS GOOOOOOOOO  WE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS BOYS 🙏💜💚
Christmas is coming early then, huh?
holy fuck, already 1k likes
Iceberg Boi back in full swing, you love to see it
Yay🎉😊 This is gonna be good!!! Love your content!! Keep up the good work Wendi!!!!
Iceberg boy is at it again
lets go!! New vid!!!
This is all I wanted for Christmas
King Wendigoon now blesses us with another multi part iceberg. I speak for all of us when I say thank you for your in depth analysis in all of your videos and iceberg charts.
OH MY GOD ITS FINALLY HERE
Iceberg boy is iceberging again!
Damn 2 minutes late to comment first :/
YOOOOOOOOOO LET'S GO ICEBERG BOY BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THE ICEBERGS
Iceberg boy has truly delivered us an amazing gift
Where is seth everman in this he's cryptid but still left YouTube
Oh I'm ready
FINALLY. I AM SO EXCITED!!!! Thanks Iceberg Boy!
Iceberg Boy returns
YAAAY
*YES.*  THANK THE ELDRITCH DEITIES!!
ANOTHA ONE!
YAY A NEW WENDIGOON ICEBERG! Been here since the first ICEBERG I'm excited for another one! Keep up the good word dude! 🎉
early gang
New Wendigoon episode! Woo! Yeah! We eatin' tonight!
AWOO AWOO AWOO
I've never clicked on a notification so fast
I can't wait to hear a bunch of wild and somewhat concerning relationships and similarities cryptids have with ⭐giants⭐
Hosanna, in highest.
Wendigooner
Taco
Still says 5 views for me-
Ah yes, we shall eat good for the winter
WOOO LET'S GO!
I was like lemme see if wendi has posted anything and right as i look he drops this gem wow
LET'S GO!!!! Thank you Wendigoon!
Iceberg boy is at it again and brother I am here for it.
Iceberg boy does an Iceberg!?
cast
Let’s go!!! King wendigoon finally delivers!!!!
I am so proud that your white board skills are getting better Edit: 15:18 I agree 100%
Hope my Moms not on here
LETS GOOOOO
The day has come! 🎉
Thanks for the iceberg, iceberg boy
ONLY 35 MINUTES?
lets fricking go
Ah, so THIS is what I'm watching for supper
damn that shot up quick its been 1 minute and we at 903 likes
FINALLY! THIS IS THE SHIT I'VE SUBBED TO THIS CHANNEL FROM THE START! SANTA CRYPTID HERE WE COME!
GIANTS!!!!
Wohoo, seeing our local Sunday School teacher 🎉
WAKE UP BABE NEW BEDTIME STORY DROPPED
Just in time as the merch arrives
Im so happy
YAAAYYY ICEBERG BOY POSTED AN ICEBERG VIDEO!!!!
woo iceberg boy is back to making icebergs!!
WENDIGOON!!!!!!
Thanks man i know you most likely wont see this but you only post bangers
oh boy, here we go again, strap in boys! I can feel it, it's gonna be a wild one
Wooooo! I’ll be watching this as soon as my kid goes to bed!!!!!😊❤
NEW WENDIGOON!
RAHHHH WENDIGOON VIDEO LETS GOOO
Thank you iceberg boy, very cool!
Iceberg peeboy W
Brooooooo fuck!!
5sec 212 coments in
Woooooo🎉
THE CRYPTIDS!!!!! You make one video on the goatman, and now you're more than 115% invested
A long time in the making. I love the fact that unlike most YouTubers, he doesn't care about Icebergs being "repetitive" because it's what brought him where he is now. Love ya Wendi!
It's finally here. The only piece of lost wendigoon media discovered
YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS🎉
Noooo it’s only 30 minutes
Finally
babe wake up, new wendigoon iceberg series
This is great to listen to while I clean my rifle lol
I was fully expecting you to have just forgotten about your statement about making this iceberg. Looks like I got some new material to watch while I eat for the next couple weeks.
This better have peter caine in it
NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO RAHHHHHH
LETS GOOOOOO
wegnidoon
Dope
Ohh yess iceberg boyy back at it again
have an essay due in 36 mins… it’ll have to wait
Words can’t express… Merry Christmas you filthy animal
This video just uploaded 17 seconds ago and I’ve already watched it twice
FInally I've been waiting for this!!!!!! Thank you Wendigoon
LETS GOOOOOOOO
I've been waiting so long for you to talk about crytpids at length😫😫
yippie!!!
The Government Sanctioned Weaponized Femboy here saying i love your videos keep up the awesome work ❤
Clicked the literal instant i noticed the notification, fastest ive ever decided to watch something
Yes finally, a new iceberg
Damn. Thanks for continuing to be the Dad who stepped up!
NEW WENDIGOON DURING FINALS WEEK!!!!!!! HELL YEA!!!!
welcome back, man of the iceberg
really enjoyed the video 10/10
WENDIGOD-I mean mr Wendigoon thank you for another educational video😄
christmas came earlu
just leaving my early mark
Hi wendigoon
Oh my God, yes finally!!! Ready to reach a new level of cryptid knowledge
icblerfb
Idk if you know this but the zodiac Killer died a while ago and the man closest to him came out about it
“Babe wake up, wendigoon uploaded another iceberg video!”
LETS GO
New Wendigoon iceberg time
😱
I'm so hyped for this
IM WENDIGOONING11!1!!!1!!!!1!!!!
yesss!! i love cryptids im super excited, this video made my day :D
Let's gooooo
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
let's fucking goooooooo!!!!
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE WG!  Nice hoodie.
YOU POSTED THE SECOND I SAT DOWN TO EAT THANKS WENDI FOR MAKING MY DINNER BETTER
W E N D I G A N G
Sorry babe new wendigoon is on. We are listening to it for the rest of the car ride
Yay! I can’t wait to see the best cryptid, Mothman!
Thank you for uploading Iceberg boy
Let's goooooooooooooo 🎉🎉🎉🎉
yippee!!
For me? You wouldn’t
FINALLY
If giants aren’t featured heavily in this, it ain’t Wendigoon
YES
Hell yeah.
Oh god no, this is going to give me so many ideas for my own fantasy world. I can't wait
Thank you Wendidad
Yes!!
I don't need this video since I'm already a cryptid (I'm from Australia)
Wendi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH MY GOD FINALLY THANK THE GOOD LORD ABOVE
WE'RE HERE HELL YES!
LET’S GO
FUUUUUUCK YEAH
thank you for this incredible iceberg, iceberg boy.
The way my head turned so fast when I saw this notif
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHH IM SO EXCITED RAAAAAAAAAAAA 🗣‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Father is fathering
YESSSSSS
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Let's gooooooo, I love your work Wendigoon 🖤🖤 Do a Mandela Cataloge iceberg
Great video, haven't even watched it. 👍
this is so epic hype train pogchamp
im wendi _GOONIN'_
Nice!
Love you Isaiah, keep up the great work buddy. ❤️❤️
YOOOOO IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSS thank you papa wendigoon, keep up the amazing work❤❤
Woooo I’ve never been able to see an iceberg video be uploaded before from Wendigoon before! I’m hype
Number #5 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
YESS. ICEBERG BOY IS BACK AND BETTER WITH ANOTHER BANGER
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS ONE THANK YOU FATHER WENDIGOON
I’m so glad wendigoon has come full circle and now feels comfortable doing Icebergs again. Wendi is the best.  Edit: Ya’ll are ruthless with the Iceberg Boi stuff 😂😂
Giants.
Babe wake up new wendigoon video dropped
Can’t wait to watch this
does wendigoon support trans rights?
Iceberg Boy returns
New Wendigoon video, hell yeah. Love you man.
Iceberg boy posting an iceberg
literally was in the middle of watching another wendigoon video when i got this notif🤩🤩
PROFESSIONAL LOOKING SETUP??? YOUTUBER?
ICEBERG BOY FOR THE WIN!
Iceberg boy does another iceberg, and I’m here for it
Thank you Iceberg boy.
Gee I wonder what cryptid will be the first one Wendigoon talks about.
Dang caught this vid within 20 seconds
HE'S DONE IT AGAIN FOLKS!!!!!!
*heavy breathing*
Hello, my fellow Homo Sapiens!!!
Thank you iceberg boy
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yippee!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Iceberg boy blessing us with another post. Thank you for all you do!
Wake up babe new wendi dropped🔥
Maybe soon he will truly be the iceberg MAN
can’t wait to hear about GIANTS
YEAH, LETS GO ANOTHER VIDEO, TIME TO WASTE MY TIME WITH INFO I WONT NEED EVER!!
Honey. New wendigoon video.
Happy holidays
YAYYYY
Wendicoom iceberg video this is a gift from the high heavens
Oh god, I waited for this iceberg for so long
IM EAELYLYLYL
Thank you for my hoodie dad, it’s my favorite christmas gift
Even though I’m at work, I gotta jump at the sight of a new Wendigoon video
I’ve never clicked faster in my life. Thank God for you right now
Let’s go more wendigoon 😆😆😆
HELL YEAH!!! LET'S GO DAD!!!
Liam bowing
CRYPTIDS
ICEBERG BOYYY
Can BigFoot hit the griddy?
Yesssssss, more of this please ❤
FUCKKKK YUEAAAAAH I LOVE YOU WENIGOOOOONYYY
Lets GOOOOOOOO FINALLLY!!! When’s your WW2 vid coming out?
This isn’t House of Leaves! 😩
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Bottom tier: Iceberg Boy
LETS GO THIS IS THE BEGINNING OF SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL
LETS GO!
Yes
Always Christmas when Windigoon uploads
17 seconds and already 126k likes.
Yessssss
HOLLLY SHiIT
CRYPTIDS BABY!!! WOOOOOOOO!
YAYAYAYY
“ look how far we came “
LETSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOO
WENDIGOON 5MINS AGOOOOOO
Wendigoon doesnt fail to brighten our evenings. Im hyped for this!
ICEBERG BOY RETURNS!
Lord have mercy fuck yes
WE FEASTING TONIGHT!
Yea new Wendigoon video!
Well well well iceberg boy couldnt get enough
Oh boy I can't wait to hear about horrors beyond my comprehension
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOO IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS!!!!
here we go again
YESSSSS
another iceberg video yess!!
I never clicked so fast!
Now we just need a Wendigoon iceberg
YAY! DADIGOON
Wow, I’ve never been this early😂 let’s gooooooo!
Another Iceberg series??? Long live iceberg boy 🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️
Yayyyy new wendigoon vid
😁
Hello
Christmas came early indeed
We are so Wendi-back
Les goooooooooo! Iceberg boy posted
Lets go!!!!!!!
Lets go
Oh god oh no
Yooo, this is going to be awesome
I’ve been waiting for an iceberg!
YOOOOOO
ITS ICEBERG BOY BACK AT IT AGAIN!!!
Yayyyy, I love your vids!
Yayyyy new wendigoon video
LETS GO
HYPE
This is the one we’ve all been waiting for
YES!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LESSGO GOOSE APPROVED CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY I LOVE CRYPTIDS
13 SECONDS AGO LETS GOOOOOOOO
Finally!!! Going back to his ROOTS!!!!!
OH MY FUCKING GOD YES.
BAE WAKE UP WENDIGOON POSTED
NEW GOON :0
nice :)
Clicked instantly
LFG
13 seconds notigang
HYPE IS REAL
WE ARE SO BACK FELLOW GOONERS!!!!!💪💪🔥🔥
So Gnarp gnarp
Sup bro I’ve been waiting for a long time
I've been waiting for this for literal years
Wendigooner
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Let’s goooooooo
HOORAYYYY
Welcome back iceberg boy
Let’s go iceberg boy back again
Oh god I’m gonna be busy
oh golly I'm early and excited
NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO YIPPEEEE
This is going to be awesome!
The gods have finally delivered
Yippee
Shut up this is so awesome! Been waiting for this one!!!
Wendi
HI DAD
NEW WENDI ICEBERG YESSS
I LOVE YOU WENDI THANK YOU❤❤❤❤❤
YESSS BEST CHRISTMAS PRESENT EVER RAAAAHHH
First minute gang!
Iceberg Boy strikes again!
LETS GOOOO
FINNNNALLYYYYYY
Yes baybeeeeeeey
Been starving for a new upload and this is a goodie (Whale penis) 0:49
WE ARE SO BACK
holeee moleee
Hey
Holy gosh diddly darn
LETS GOOOO
YEAHHHHHHH
If it isn’t my favorite Puerto Rican
14 seconds ago??
LETS GOOOO
Fucking finally
Never clicked a video faster in my whole life 😮😮
I'm so excited!!!
w iceberg boy
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
first
AHHHHH
❤
YES
Yessss
YEAHHH PAPA WENDIIIIIIII
I'm on time!
GIANTS ❤
NEW VIDEO WOOHOOO
LETS GOOOO
Iceberg boy is back in his element
LETS GOOO
Yooo I love your hoodie bro
I LOVE ICEBERG WENDIGOON VIDEOS
Iceberg Boy is back!
Yes yes yes yes YESSSSS
WENDIUPLOAD WHOO
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH YAYAYAYAYA
NEW WENDIGOON WOOOOOOO
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CRYPTIDS MY BELOVED
YASSSSS I'M SO HAPOY
*Y E S*
omg yay!
YUHHHH
LETS GO ! ANOTHER ICBERG FROM ICEBERG BOY
BABE WAKE UPPPP WENDIGOON JUST POSTEDDDD
HELL YA
HELL YEAH! I’m so excited. Wendi, my boy, I love ya
Ayeee
Woooooo
Yessssssss!!!! LETS GOOOOO
Iceberg boi
Hello there
Poggers
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Yay!!
IM SO FRIGGIN HAPPY
Cmon LESGOOOOOO
Best Christmas present EVER
LETSSS GOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOO
Gasp
Heck yeah
I've been looking forward to this.
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS
HELL YEAH
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YOOOOO
Let’s go!!!!!!!
YAAAAAAASSSSS
YOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOO
Fuck yes
LETS GOOOOOOO
Oh HELL YEAH
Iceberg boy.
YES, I NEEDED THIS
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAÆ
YIPPIE!!!!
Yes I’m here
LETS GOOOO BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
I'm being held hostage
LETS GOOOO
LESGOOOOOOOOO
LETS GO, NEW ICEBERG!
LETS GOOOO
YIPEPE
LETS GOOOOOO
ITS TIME
I am
Fortnite❤
WOO WENDIGOOB
RAAAHHHHHH
Cool
Wooooooo
YESSSS
I SCROME
LETS GOOOOOO
I love the contrast between the horrifying content he’s covering and the super light and happy background music
OMG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG AND IT HAS MY FAVORITE BACKGROUND MUSIC YES 😭😭😭
Holy wendigoon! Fuck yes! Let's gooooooo
Click my link to get a 1-year supply of immune-supporting Vitamin D3K2 & 5 travel packs FREE with your first purchase! https://drinkag1.com/wendigoon
