I appreciate y'all :)
If you see this, it’s the first time I’ve seen this video (even though I’ve watched for years). But today was the day I absolutely needed it- from Carter’s 3 year old giggles to your message at the end. Thank you! Now, on to watching your video for Aug 6 2024
You look healthy here. I hope you're doing okay currently man. Also can happen in  a few years...
I just finished a one year program for bulimia and the fact one of my favorite creators went through it too makes me feel both sad and so much less alone ❤
Talking to someone is my miracle worker. Knowing whatever I say will never , ever get out. I laugh more. Pray more. And tell myself I've been thru ALIT and survived.  I actually luved they and been thru hell.  That gives me courage and laugh at myself because, yeah,  I made it.
You've been married twenty-some years? How old were you when you got married? Twelve? You look young-i hate you but love your show(?)
WE LOVE YOU BRO!!!!!!❤
Holy shit I didn't realize I'm younger than your marriage wtf, we both have 2 kids
So you met your wife when you were 8???
God I wish I had some ups.....been a long 20+ years of heavy downs...
amazing 30 years together.🌸 i miss having a 29 inch waistline.  at age 53, now, and with a lower metabolism as i age, i'm now around 200 lbs, & i just accept what i am, as i also my entire life never exercise.  you have beautiful teeth.♥ when i look at your teeth, i think of the acid that comes up with purging that can damage your teeth.  it's 1 reason why i refuse to ever purge 'cause i try hard through lifelong dental care to keep the teeth that i have, & mine aren't as beautiful as yours.  thank you for talking about your struggles.  Karen Carpenter refused to talk about her struggles with anorexia, & it killed her;  it's immensely tragic.
Get a babysitter and go out with your wife every week fir real. Don't make excuses just do it. Also plan a weekend getaway without kids. They will be fine.
Good for you Phil I hope you keep working on yourself. Be well
You've been together for 29 years? You had just turned 35 years old when this video was posted, so that means you started dating her when you were 6 years old.
You are cringe af. You owe some people an apology for your false accusations.
Thank you, Phil. I came here from today's video after you mentioned your ED. I'm confused about my own relationship with food and my body. Part of me is in heavy denial; the other part of me knows I would be concerned about a loved one if they expressed the feelings I'm having difficulty putting into words. I was offered group and individual therapy with an ED specialist, as well as evaluation for higher levels of care. Frankly, I have been that route and would like to avoid it. At nearly 50, this isn't what I saw for myself. There are a lot of things I have faced that I wouldn't wish on my word enemy, several of which have happened in the last year alone. You, sir, made a difference today. Thanks again for sharing your struggle. It shows incredible strength. Time for me to have some...
Lol My hearing is awful. Did he, or did he not, say they have been together 29 years?
I know I'm late in the game here, but I honor your vulnerability!  As a middle aged woman who struggled with anxiety and panic attacks during a time when if you asked for help, you would have been drugged up and locked away in an asylum - I KNOW, like REALLY KNOW what untreated mental illness does to not only your life but the lives of everyone around you.  10 years ago I fell apart and had a nervous breakdown and IT WAS AWESOME!  I went through hell, but hell showed me how to speak up for myself and to stop worrying about others' opinions which are actually ignorant, misguided, misinformed judgements that stem from their own unhealed shit!   Anyway, thank you for sharing your experience.  I am sure that this has helped so many people!
I feel...very welcomed and included in this video
thanks for talking and opening up - was chill. Life can be weird
Nah you’re human, it’s not a fault, we all have our own problems
A pill does fix everything just like the vaccine cures and protects against the virus aye yahahaha dumb arse
I saw your Facebook story and the name calling dude is pathetic . Ur trying to force people to take an experimental drug vaccine to “protect” against the virus and you’re an idiot man
Dang Kindle. 😶 Anywho, glad you sought help, no shame in it, and the right help can be life saving. You're a cool guy Phil, your family is beautiful, your content is mostly on point, you've got a lot of life in front of you. Thank you for sharing your thoughts and the difficulties you've been facing. 🤗
I was a regular watcher of your show, dropped off for some reason.I happened to find this video and it got my feels going big time. Just wanted to let you know your words really resonated with me, as I have been dealing with several mental and physical problems all my life. Very relieved you sought help, cause
❤️
This takes guts
Thanks for posting this. Your openness and honesty is refreshing. Mental health doesn’t discriminate if you’re privileged or not, so don’t beat yourself up over that. Cough to 5k is a great goal and combined with the right medication will kickstart you into feeling better :)
your new name is Herry Armman look at the arms lol... no hate just love CAUSE im a member! no more news daddy just #HERRYARMMAN
I am so glad you did this video . i remember your first video . i wish you would do a compilation your favorite moments of your career from beginning to now.
I want to make this as brief as possible so here we go . in the last week i have cried more then in the last year . This world has pushed every trigger i have one after another then punched me in the face to boot. I almost over did it trying to make the noice stop . it took me 4 days to heal from it then i went food shopping . i was waiting out in the car in the parking lot and saw a 20ish female dragging her toddler by the arm as she looked down at her phone . Then that baby fell face first on to the asphalt . s She grabbed him by the arm again went back to looking at her phone and went back to walking to fast like nothing ever happened.  It all happened so fast my husband asked me what happened and by the time i could get my hand off my shocked mouth it was over . i wanted to be the mom my mom never was so i after a life of abuse having 2 kids by 19 that both bio dads had left me i finally fell in love with a man that sacrificed everything to let me be a stay at home mom i had cps on me from the first day my first baby was bor because i was so young when i had her all cases dropped by the way one was because i did not have enough instant food for the kids to make on there own when i cooked 3 meals and snacks the world treated me like a bad mom for these little things yet now 15 plus years later how many babies live like that baby drug around by a fast moving walking phone holder . i am so filled with anger because all i wanted to do is be there for my kids because i was brought up with no one . This world is not my world .
We love you Phil. I could say more but it probably would be word mash and all over the place, so I'm gonna suffice it with that. :]
Just sending lots of love your way. I am in a similar spot
you, and your message brought me back from dying... thank u!!!
Thank you for sharing your eating struggles with us. I also struggle with an eating disorder; you are not at all alone. <3 I support your recovery and I hope you know how many lives you will positively affect by simply sharing your struggle. It helps to know that we are all susceptible to mental health challenges and that it is WITHOUT A DOUBT our community that can help us the most. I'm so happy you have such a supportive family and that you feel secure enough to share this with us all. We appreciate YOU. Take care & stay safe. :)
it honestly was so nice and heartwarming to see the pure joy when your children were jumping on the trampoline :'( i used to love being on my trampoline as a kid and you just captured that so beautifully
❤️ Thank you. It's good youre a human too, we look up to you Phil. Thank you. (and don't take cymbalta)
Hi Phil, I am an old-time Youtuber as you; It has been wonderful to know you throughout the years through your channel and videos.I know it is a cliche but we are in the "new normal".  Thank you for sharing your feelings and it is so good to know that I am not the only one that feels overwhelmed. Peace be with you and your beautiful family.
I needed to watch/hear this. I'm going through something similar and have been trying to find good ways to express myself, to hopefully be understood or to better process the thoughts and emotions I feel, especially on the worse days. I've been trying to record/videotape my thoughts and get them off my chest like this, and I'm finding it's helping. From mental state, exercise, perspective. I crave and enjoy 'real' content lately...as I feel many tend to focus on only "positives" and try to hide other true parts of themselves...as I do myself. But being vulnerable feels like unlocking a new power in a game. I feel the most like myself and it is a great feeling. I look forward to seeing how your journey goes. Let's keep being kind to ourselves. Thanks Phil.
I come back to watch this video whenever I’m in a bad mindset,it Honestly helps like your a therapist.
2:10 Staying in bed everyday if you could? Holy fuck you're privileged dude.
Hope your med-journey is going well, really glad you’re an advocate for therapy (both in-person and tele-therapy) and not pushy about an anti-depressant fixing everything 🖤 This year has been the most overall detrimental to my mental health (besides maybe when I was strung out in my early adulthood) and it’s so hard to take the steps to start to remedy that. Biggest congrats and props to you for starting to do that 💞 Also, your wife Lindsey is awesome, I adore her Twitter — she’s truly my kind of ppl 💪 and you seem very lucky to have kids that are sweet/loving/have so much potential ☺️   Hugs/love/praise/etc~~ to you and yours, Phil ✨
I have struggled with Binge Eating Disorder for the last decade, and to see that someone like you (meaning someone I perceive as successful, confident, happy....) is able to still function and live a good life and also tell people out loud about the eating disorder......this is empowering for me. Thank you
Hey Phil, i know you most likely will never read this but you and your studios and projects have been such a huge part o my life ever sense i was like 10 or 11. Im going to college this year man, and you have honestly helped me through some o the toughest times of my life. God its crazy that Trey is that old already I remember the video you guys put out after he was born. You're one o the most kind and amazing individuals on this platform, and if there is anybody who deserves a break and to love themselves it's you you beautiful bastard. i hope you are doing better man
Our experiences are very similar. Thanks for talking about this.
Phil, you have been a part of my life for a long time. You were with me in college when my eating disorder was at its worst and sometimes your show was the only thing that would make me smile in a day.  Fast forward to today, 10 years later, my 5 year old twins are goofing around playing legos and giggling next to me while I listen to this video. Thank you for always being an advocate for taking care of ones mental health. Thank you for being here for me in my darkest times and in my best times. Thank you for being you. You are appreciated just as you are.   Here’s to growth in 2021. I’m better than this.
i was so scared reading the title after i haven’t watched the show in so long, i’m glad things are moving into a better place
Thanks for normalizing eating disorders in men!!!! I’ve been free from disordered eating for about 4 years. We do recover. Don’t give up! Been watching your channel for like 8 years- love seeing you grow!!!
The Jazz music was an... interesting choice. 😆
Couch to 5k is amazing.  I weigh really close to your weight. I usually jog two 5ks a year, and I use that to train for them.  Sometimes I do lose some weight, but more important to me is that it keeps my head clear and keeps my heart healthy.  (And of course, no 5k’s last year, so I’m not feeling so good myself.)
Good on you for sharing! I know how challenging this must have been for you. Keep up the great work! Thanks.
Hey Phil! This video struck me in a different way. I also struggle with eating/binging/purging, and take Lexapro. And I've been strongly considering getting back to the gym / just getting out for more walks and runs.   Thank you for opening up. It's great to see you open up and to see you heading in a way more positive direction.   Thanks for this video. I'm going to go get a jog in now. :)
You are always a bloody inspiration, Phil.
I come from a generation whos parents thought taking medication for mental health issues was extreme, taboo and whatever other adjective you can come up with to describe it as something that "normal" people just didn't do.  I was the first person in my family to seek out therapy (and I come from a family of medical professionals!).  It took me a very long time to finally decide to start taking something for my issues.  It turned out life changing for me.  Fast forward to now when I have two almost grown boys of my own and both are very in tune with mental health and wellness.  I say all of that to say this:  Medication works.  No, a pill alone will not "fix" you.  However, as part of a therapy process (whatever level meets your needs) medication can be life altering.  Anyone that may be out there wondering if it's something they should move forward with I can only say that you should discuss it with your doctor or therapist and if you determine it's right for you and know that it might just be exactly what is needed.  Just remember that it's not an instant fix or an automatic cure.  It's a tool to help you attain mental wellness.  I'm proud of you Phil!
Trust in Jesus!
Phil, I've been watching you for over a decade now and I couldn't be prouder. You've really grown into a warrior. Wishing you all the luck in your journey:) I'm not crying you're crying!
Trey needs more screen time!  He's so adorable  😍
you got this phil! i highly recommend hiring someone to keep you exercising like a personal trainer
Is anyone gonna talk about how lil man has a ps5?
I love you phill wish you the best man
Carter: "I don't want you" internal monologue: "we didn't want you, either."   This is why I'm not a parent.
Love ya face Phil!
Which camera did you use to film this vdo?
Huge respect to you Phil, stay strong and love to the family x
Good for you Phil! <3
♥️♥️
thanks for helping normalize negative mental thought and that its an actual thing  good for you for reaching out and connecting  give some mushroom supplements a try. lions mane, reishi, etccccc  love yo face
Here for you always! I’ve been watching your show since my suicidal depression, back in college (more than a decade ago!) after the death of my father and a violent stalker. It was the “summer that didn’t exist”, and I almost didn’t either after that. But your show really helped me keep a part of myself alive and sane through that. So, thank you. Stay strong, and you got this.
Phil! Try DDP Yoga! For more than just weight loss; for mental health!
Love yourself. We love you:))) your canadian sister Cindy :))))
This transparency was a bit intimidating because I have my own shit I need to be honest about but it was mostly encouraging.
Sometimes I let my depression run my life. I try to give myself room to understand my mental state, but when you are in it, It's hard to see how it's affecting you. Thanks for bringing the topics up that people don't want to discuss. I feel like you talking to your fans can only help by getting those spinning thoughts out through your expression. I do the same thing with writing music and without it, I'd probably go insane.
How long is this video? It feels like. 50 minute video of a lot but i love this like it feels i needed to see this , it’s like when you hear a song that helps you keep listening to it wishing it was long i think this is that song
Aww the boys are do big!!!! ❤️
thank you for sharing this I'm in the same boat.  It's good to know I'm not alone.  Love yo face 💙💙💙
I just found you on YouTube. This is the first video I’ve seen and I’m blown away. I’ve struggled with ED most of my life. For you to be so vulnerable and open with what’s been going on makes me respect you immensely. It’s not easy to do what you just did. Thank you. You’re not alone. And you’re incredibly brave. Binge eating can be shrouded in shame and make you want to hide. I have so much respect for you already.
Idk how many years I’ve followed you, more than 10.  It’s just awesome you made this.
This is awesome, you are so great Phil. Best of luck on your journey to a healthy body and lifestyle. Your vulnerability and your courage are greatly appreciated by all your fans. It’s been such a privilege to watch you and your family grow and adapt over the years.
This was beautiful and needed! Thank you for sharing with us.
❤️
We love yo face Phil
❤️❤️❤️
Top tier Pretentiousness, is all i see imo.
I’m so proud of sxephil. My heart swells to see how magnificent he has become 💜
omg Carter is 3. wut. Good to see you and your family unit grow. Long way from Sxe Phil days. <3
The bit with Carter made me think of Louis C.K.'s old bit about his 3 year old.
Love ya Phil! It's always lovely just to have an old fashioned 1 on 1
I've been subscribed/following you since 2007 and this is the Phil I wanna see more of!! You have some of the best advice/suggestions. I'm also an advocate of therapy and I've been doing better since having one appointment a week. Can I also shout out your editing style!!! AmazBallz!! Also your mask-I want more Stupid masks and I keep emailing about them. I'll stop but I wanted to pass them out at xmas. My state, WI, isn't big on masks... so wanted to spread your message to all the Stupids... ❤ you and your family!! Keep up the amazing work because your worth it and I'm proud of you! Thanks for making my day better for the past 13 years!! 😁
How did I miss this??
Please start swimming, it's great cardio and a even better uniformly weight controlled activity. I taught classes at my local rec, educating people on the benefits this exercise brings and its truly life changing. From a forty six year old dad who didn't know how to swim, to twenty five year old who only lifted and appeared to be all shoulder, being in the water for a short time kicked their ass. Now that same dad is taking his kids safely into the deep ends and that young gentleman has grown a few inches and says his core has never felt stronger. ALSO... its a great activity for the kids to go for a swim with mom and dad. For any looking to easily, and in a fun way begin loosing weight safely, please consider this. Hope your health improves Phil! Look forward to your content in 2021.
Phil is still a Democratic Shill. That must be the metal health issues he’s talking about. PS: Hey Phil, looks like you’re wearing too much make up.
Thank you.
we need more vulnerability like this from men and fathers. thank you for sharing.
I needed this video right now. More than you know. Thank you!
Genuinely appreciate this so much. It’s helpful to know even those who made it still have to fake it sometimes and props to Phil for always being authentic and letting us into such a vulnerable place with him n his family
We need a Pizza Phil shirt. I see the possibility for a majestic mustache here
Love u Phil!!! Been watching since the beginning
Your sons laugh is my new favorite sound ❤️
Honestly Phil is just the best.
Y’all got a new house?!
Thanks
GROW A BEARD
Wow, this video was just what I needed to hear today. Thank you for that.
Thank you for being so vulnerable, Phil.   P.S. You have a beautiful family!
Thank you for this.
Philip Defranco is the definition of growth. Seeing how far he’s come from when he first started to now is amazing!
On the topic of medication, I definitely agree that it does not fix everything. But! Studies have shown that pairing medication with therapy yields the best results. Attending therapy can even help keep dosages smaller. Don't be afraid to get the help you need; none of get by all on our own. Continue to strive for happiness, you beautiful bastards. ❤️
It's so weirdly awesome to know I was watching you when you first started on YT to now. I literally GREW UP watching you, and it's so cool seeing where you're at. Always remember your health and your family's health are priority. Merry Christmas Phil.
I've been struggling with burnout and trying to allow stupidity to coexist in the world with me.
Philip DeFranco is not real prove me wrong
Phil's a YouTuber now?
Thank you so much
the deep voice of honesty.  I find my voice drops when I'm hung over and can't be fucked pretending  I'm happy aswell!  oh em gee, samesies
Ive been following since way back in the sxephil days. I remember the first video I watched of you was one with you playing disk golf with kevjumba. Don't follow like I used to but seeing this and seeing how much they kids have grown and you have grown is just amazing. Over 10 years of Phil.
I agree, medicine isn’t a fix. It’s been more of a bandaid for me. However lexapro has helped some. Hopefully it can help bring you closer to yourself while you work on yourself. I’m glad to see you being so open and vulnerable about your struggle. Thank you Phil.
Lots of love, appreciate you💕
Thank u for talking. I also have bulimia and it's been going on for 22 years to varying degrees. It feels like such a fucked up weird thing, and knowing that the youtuber I watch and think he's perfect goes through this too... It's really eye opening. Love you!
Mental health ups and downs are one thing and not being able to provide for you or your family is a whole foundational crisis that compounds maintaining mental and physical health so yea folks who don't have to worry about money or have a support system, got it easy imo
Yep a lot of the times my kids give me purpose and they are important enough to help ourselves
Also, what camera are you using. Everything looks sooooo nice!
Wow. Just wow!
the beginnig of this is really well shot, as in lots of variety and good movement.
Holy fuck they’ve been together since they were SIX YEARS OLD
I’ve been watching your news segment every day for at least as long as the pandemic, but this video made me feel like we can understand one another on a personal level. I’m grateful for the information you share about the goings on in the world and I’m more grateful to know I’m not alone in my struggle to find some self acceptance. Keep it up, for all of us!
Although I subscribe to your show, I didn’t know this channel existed before tonight. I am so glad this is the video that I stumbled upon and decided to watch. Perfect timing. Thank you.
Thank you for this message.  This has been a tough year for many of us.  I lost my husband of 36 years in early Jan. 2020 - so my year got off to a great start - and that was before covid 19 really struck.  My office building closed down and we were all put on indefinite telework (which is difficult for me because my usual job involves restricted files which cannot leave the building), so I had to have my job completely redefined.  I had to cancel many annual events that we have gone to for years.  My state was and is on pretty strict lockdown.  I have only been able to see my sister and 87 year old mother twice this year instead of the once a month I had been seeing them.  We do write, email, facetime, but it is not the same.  I have had to deal with depression and fear of going out on a scale I never thought I would see.  If it wasn't for my daughter who is living with me, I would hate to think about the place I could be in, mentally.  Your message is so on the nose for me.   Thank you again.
Lowkey some Casey  vibes and I'm digging it. You're one of my biggest inspirations - but this is nice, like I'm getting to know this other side of you?   P.S. lower the music I need Philly D ASMR lol no but seriously this is cool so long as it doesn't drain you keep it up!
I hadn't realized how long it's been since I have seen Trey and Carter.  Carter was tiny the last time I saw the kids.  Wow!  Adorable kids, you got there Phil and Lindsey.  :o)
together 29 years???????????????????? how bro
I think most people don’t realize that men struggle with eating disorders. As a guy with severe depression and a binge-eating disorder, it’s amazing to see other men, especially ones with the kind of platform that you have, being so open and vulnerable about these topics. Men usually don’t talk about these things because we’re expected not to show our emotions or open up, when in reality you don’t get more masculine than this. I appreciate you Phil, tbh this level of realness is exactly why you’re as popular as you are
Thank you. Just thank you. I love yo face!
omg Phil I also started lexapro after being released from the pediatric psych ward yeresterday
which couch to 5K app
Thank you!
I never comment on anything. You’ve changed me! But I’m just so proud of you for sharing your feels, life, struggles and successes. I’ve been watching you for so many years and have enjoyed watching you grow along with your family. You are doing good, even when you’re not. Keep on keepin on. The people love you and the bastards will forever be here for you! 💙
What? 3? Where has time gone. I remember Trey being 3. Keep up with the body and mental health dude, it's a trek , a lifetime journey. I completely understand and gaps to take care of yourself and yours is what matters. ♡ take care of that beautiful family
Well you encouraged me to get my sad self off the couch and take a walk. It's nice to see you so open and vulnerable with us (your audience) just thought you'd like to know you make a difference and your videos inspire me. Even if it's just taking time out of the day to take a walk outside. Love your face!
DOPE
Hey Phil! I tried if you want to try something different from Couch to 5k, try Zombie Run. RPG style running app.
what camera is that?
Lexapro gang!! I'll be honest and say that I am not a subscriber and I don't usually watch your videos but this one came up on my suggested and I was drawn to it. Thank you for sharing your struggles! It's so important to talk about these things candidly and normalize mental health conversations. I was so happy the other day that I said "I feel great!! I'm going to take Lexapro forever!" haha!! But anyway, this video was really meaningful, thank you!
<3 been here for awhile and its good to see you take a focus to yourself. Keep up the good work and do what you need to make sure you keep yourself up.
Thank you so much for this video Phil!   I didn't really need the introduction as I've been watching you for yearrrrsss but it was a wonderfully honest and candid glimpse into your life.   Thank you for sharing your struggles as well as your joys
sorry you feel so unwell, i hope you feel better soon <3
It's the self awareness and emotional IQ for me. 😌
I needed to hear this :) <3 I am glad we are both on a better path. Take care. xx  Also; What's the camera???
I love ya Phil. As a father of two kids boy and girl...I have never took the time to talk to anyone about the changes in my spouse's life and mine. Our babies were Covid-19 babies: 2 year old and 1 year old. It been really hard to discribe how I feel. I too have been the biggest I have been and most depressed. I think working from home and bottling up a lot of feeling. It cause anxiety as well stress on relationships. When working from home you are your own boss to certain extent and failure can be felt little harder (do to self discipline or lack or team to fall back on). You are your own friend sometimes. You are your own co-worker. You are your own friend who hears your own griefs and thoughts sometimes. It really can feel lonely. It's nice to have someone to connect with and know what you are going through. Thanks for finishing this on the positive note. Ready for a fresh start this coming year. Best of luck my friend on everything.
I was literally in the middle of mentally beating myself up for very similar issues and then scrolled aimlessly til this vid popped up. Thank you for speaking this truth. Hearing it out loud has such power and also takes away the power of those negative thoughts, but it's not easy, so, again, thank you.
Thank you for this.
thank you Phil :)
I have been a fan of yours since high school. Maybe you’ll never see this but damn I’m glad your still here. Also Treys laugh is mad contagious
phil i have had anorexia since i was 13, i'm so sorry you've had to except once and eating disorder too, sending all my love and strength ♡
But what camera did he get?
Wow this makes me feel old, I remember watching the video of you proposing to her on stage. Feels like yesterday. Where have the years gone.
How long have you actually been married for though ? Just curious
Is it possible that there is a side-effect of COVID-19 that makes adults act like three year olds when they don't get what they want?
I love you Phil.
We need more men talking so candidly and without embarrassment about mental health in a healthy way. What a wonderful example to set. Thank you!
So Phil I feel you, my Dr explained it to me like this. Sometimes your brain gets so used to being in and abnormal state that it becomes default. That you anxiety, depression becomes the default setting. And SSRI can be used to help re-normalize your brains chemical reaction.
appreciate you man.
29 years lol so you got together when you were 6 wtf 😂😵
I have made leaps and bounds since I started using THC. I know it's not for everyone but when I took away the pain and gave myself some distance from the things I didn't want to think about, I could turn and face those things and deal with them. I know myself so much better now and I can't stress enough how helpful it has been.
Goin thru it this year myself.... couldn’t have been more relevant to me than coming to see this today.
I’ve been there, and if I can get through it, I know you can.   Kids are a great motivator, especially if you grew up in an unhealthy home environment. The desire to make sure your kids have a better childhood than you did is enough to make the hardest days worth the effort.  You got this.
I just started lexapro also. maybe like 6 or 7 weeks ago? sounds about right.  i also take medication for bipolar, chronic PTSD, and generalized anxiety, so I was hesitant to add on an anti-depressant. but i needed it. i have also gained a not insignificant amount of weight and venture to say that this may be as unhealthy as I've ever been as well. did that last bit make sense the way i said it? hope so.   anyways, I'm fighting right along side ya, Phil, my boy! I dig you and your content. And you! already said that I guess. haha! hope this made ya smile. love ya man!   P.S. carter saying I don't want you when you opened the door was THE cutest effing thing EVER!!! xox
Love your videos Casey Neistat.
I loved this you beautiful bastards!
Hope working on yourself is helping! Thanks for sharing your struggles, being real, and making news vids. I appreciate. Get well!!
This is BEAUTIFUL. Thank you for speaking publicly about learning how to “care about yourself”. You’re an incredible mentor, educator, entertainer & father. Much love ❤️
I never felt mutually the same way this year, txs Phil
sometimes I forget I’ve been watching Phil for about a decade now. it’s weird to think how much time has gone by with Phil as part of my daily ritual. This has been an especially hard year for all of us. our worst demons we thought were in the past are finding ways to resurface.  I love you man and good luck with your battles.
Philip Defranco might be the most genuine YouTuber ever. Love your face happy holidays and here's to a better 2021!
Trey Defranco? Trey... Defranco... THIS CHILD IS SPONSORED BY TREDE COFFEE
Love u Phil this is awesome bro I really needed this
Proud of you, Phil.  Your story is so resounding and needed in these times.  Thank you for being an advocate for seeking therapy.
I finally just got my mental health diagnosis and it took me like a full decade to be ready to get to this point. It's really hard to come to grips with mental health sometimes, but one day at a time, one moment at a time, one breathe at a time still means you're here. And that's super important.
Thanks for this Philip
I love the way this was shot/edited! :D
It’s been so long since we got to see the boys. I miss Linz’s blogs.
Thanks for this ❤️
Phil....this is so well done! Thank you so much for opening up to us. And know that you're not alone.
Definitely with you on this, Phil. I had a recent health scare and hit the ground running on my health afterwards. I made some great progress, but the stresses of the holidays and a general malaise have really started to hamper those efforts. I'm doing my best to keep up the struggle, but I have definitely made far too many concessions lately in an effort to cope/control things. I needed to see and hear this today to help give some perspective and not be so rough on myself. So, thank you for all that you do and the positivity you put out. Wishing the best to you on your journey to wellness and self-understanding.
“Being me presenting that to you. “ 🥺🥺💕
awww!, now talk more about tommy robinson, no balls.
I really thought this was going to be your Resignation letter to us. But either way take care of yourself, glad your getting help and taking steps you need. Good luck amigo happy holidays and we also love yo face !
Phill I know a lot of people would yell at you, but if you take a week off or whatever you do is totally fine with me.
Thanks for sharing!
Thank you for this Phil. I've experienced similar things this year and I've gotten good at BSing myself into denial. At the end of the day, it's all, as you said, about finding purpose and meaning. I can't wait to see more of these! 🙌🏼
You’re right, pills don’t fix everything. I think they really are sort of like someone throwing you a life vest. You still gotta swim yourself to shore but it sure as hell makes it a lot easier. They can be very stabilizing for a lot of people.
Thank you Phil
You should try meth, that’s the chosen drug of the left right now.
Thank you for sharing and working on your mental health. My husband was a huge fan of yours. I unfortunately lost him to suicide 2 years ago.  He was the strongest person I've ever known, but he couldn't get the help he needed.
I needed all of this today Phil. Thank you
Your mask is stupid, stupid.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for opening up about these topics
Thanks for your vulnerability Phil!
Wtf are you depressed about? You have a wife you can rely on and confide in, a wonderful family and a decent job which you obviously worked hard for. Like what is it that you’re depressed about?
Have been watching your vids since just before my 1st son was born 7 years ago. Have always appreciated your honest take and being well researched on many topics and world news. As well as your honest personality and accountability about it all. I too struggle with my eating, you are not alone in that.  I just dont man, well barely....I have food stacked on food and just ..dont eat..depression is a mf. Appreciate you sharing this, it has encouraged me to reflect more. Love yo face and hope the best for you!  Keep on keepin on!
I get what you're talking about. I used to be 135kgs. I'm now about 82. I never used to do it on purpose but I would just eat so much until I just couldn't eat anymore and id throw up and id just eat again. It's still hard now. Like every now and then I'll just be so hungry and I'll eat and then I'll feel like shit because I feel like I've wasted a weeks worth of effort in one meal and I can't keep it down. I'm still working through it all. I'll get there and you can too Phil.
hope you're doing better and in recovery state philip❤️
I'm gonna be honest, and say that it was hard to get through this video and focus on your message; simply because of all the transitions, the background music, and all the unnecessary editing that took away from the seriousness of this topic. That said, I'm glad you're sharing this, and I wish you luck.
thank you for being so open. Ive been struggling with depression and binging this year as well and needed to hear this ❤️
Thank you, truly.
I’m glad you’re still here. Been watching you since my senior year of high school.
I'm on lexapro too Phil. 20mg. And medicinal patient and the two of them combined has been a life saver for me.
Watching this really brought tears to my eyes. Note that I consider myself a non sentimental type of person. I teared because of how much I related to your struggle and it's also a perfect timing maybe. Having a medical education background I know that my body is seriously warning me. Yet I seem to have accepted it and let myself go. Watching you talk about how you are fighting your struggles truly gave me a motivation to do something not for anyone else but for me. Guess I'll start with making a few appointments.
So glad I clicked this.
Great video Phil! Sending you good vibes and I know you'll get out of your funk soon
I have warm and fuzzy feelings for you Phil. Thanks for sharing
Hey, thanks.
Daaaamn I di nnot realise how much I missed this. Feels like coming home after a really long time. Thank you for sharing Phil and all the best to you and your family. 💖
I have experienced binge eating but I want to commend you! I have never heard a man openly discuss bingeing and purging. I’m so happy you are fighting for yourself <3
Carter is three?!?! I remember when he was born. Be well Phil! I think you're doing great but don't forget to take time to mellow.
Great video.  Thank you Phil.
So you became a couple when you were what, six years old?
I like this Defranco a lot. This is the vibe I need. Thank you for sharing with all of us 🤍
Ngl, really want a house tour after seeing thats theater looking set up had 🤤
I'm really glad to hear this. I've been worried about you. I started Lexapro about 2 months ago, and it really has been a big help. I also worked out before hurting my hip (surgery in a month, wooo), and so I think working out will really help, too. It did for me. :)
"I don't want you" oh my heart
i am not crying, you are you are
Boy do I miss the DeFranco fam channel. It’s nice to see you all ❤️
Thanks for being vulnerable,! ❤️
Trey’s laugh is curative. Thank you for sharing your story. I also struggled with bulimia, depression, and anxiety. I needed to hear this today.
It's been too long Phil.  Great to see you again. Let's not keep it so long between catch ups x
Lexapro did wonders for my father. Be kind to yourself, friend.
This hits home. I’m going through the same thing (minus a wife and kids lol)
Man, Phil, I love you and your content. I’m happy you’re talking about this and I’m glad you’re doing things to help yourself. Thank you for sharing
Chile they got me on the medical 🌿
I just got to the 5k of couch to 5k, been taking my boys (8 and 12) with me. It's been a great time to just spend with them. I'm so proud of my boys
Those kids are painfully adorable. Stay well, Defranco Family.
Yay! I'm excited! I definitely love the more candid people are.
🤗🥰
Hi dad
I took lexapro (I think? Was branded cipralex but I'm p sure its the same drug) for several years and it was very effective. Unfortunately it was _too_ effective, and it left me in sort of a "meh" state. I had sexual side effects as well, but worst of all I could rarely find the motivation to create things. As a creative person, that was the straw that broke the camel's back. Switched to wellbutrin and things greatly improved from there.   I guess what I want to say is meds can be a lifesaver and absolutely should be used if you need them, but don't get complacent. Be mindful, remember why you're on them and what your goals are. If you don't think they're working for you properly, don't be afraid to ask for a lower or higher dose, or a different medication, or even to stop them completely. Only you know what is going on in your head, so it's your responsibility to take control of it.
I always applaud those who can be vulnerable, especially on a platform like this! I wish you and your family nothing but the best!!! We are always here for you 🖤 Sending positive vibes 🙌🏽
I too have been bouncing around this year. Many of us are with you. This year has been totally insane. Keep your head up, man. Old Soldier here. If it helps, you are a very positive influence here. Good job.
Just do you.
Carter: I don't want you.   Me: mood....
i used to be on lexapro as well, very heavy anti-depressants and it helped me because the second effects where like.... ok fine i need to eat healthy, think healthy, etc. and also with the help of my therapist and psychiatrist.... Hope you are taking it well. you have very lovely kids and wife! much blessings to you all.
Thank you Phil. Thank you.it's always so wonderful when you find something you needed and you didn't know you needed it. This video is special to me.
1:43 is that a Cop behind your Trampoline?
Video: we should talk Me: *no idea who you are or what you do* sure     but in all seriousness, this is my first time watching your video and I really like the format(?)/the way you present your video. this video is surprisingly relaxing and gives me happy feelings (sorry english is not my first language). So thank you for the happiness and may you receive all the happiness the world has to offer
Thank you for taking about this in such a public setting. It takes a lot to open up about this. I'm struggling too. We're not alone.
Philip could easily sub in for Nick on Big Mouth - change my mind.
I think I'm in love with this man.
Thank you so much. I needed this today and I’m grateful that you are so willing to share your struggles with us all.
Thank you beautiful brother
Well shit thank u for opening up I've been a fan / beautiful bastard  since 2009 it's good to see u be grown and comfortable enough to be open with the world and with us ur fans I'm sorry it's rough for u but at least I know what life is (ur kids) my children saved me as well and is what keeps me going
Im 25 i still remember when he had the clock wall, He has grown in this journey and im glad that i have been able to be here and props for his talking about mental health.
Philip McKinnon.
Good to see you taking a chance and taking care of yourself... haven’t seen or talked to you in a long time but until a couple years ago you always called me ‘the guy with the shirts’ at VidCon and I just came across a picture of me ‘biting your neck’ as a zombie at XBar along with some others a couple weeks ago. I can relate with the struggle. Thank you for posting
this video was the  perfect sweet dosage of humanity I had been needing
We love you Phil !!!!
Phil! Been watching you for literally years, which is crazy. Want to say its been incredible to see how you've changed over those years, all the positives and i guess negatives, but that's all part of life. Advice for what you are talking about in this video, i recommend a Keto diet. If done correctly it helps focus eating down into a very simple language and help you better understand your body. For me, dieting was always either complicated or hard to stick to, but keto i have found easy to understand and follow. Have a look and at least give it some research. Keto or no Keto i hope you find your way and combat those negativities in life, as i'm sure you will. Thanks for loving my face and i guess i kind of like your face as well.
🧡
Hi Phil and Nation! I am happy you are treating and healing your mental health and body well. I take Lexapro every day as I have social anxiety and panic attacks. There is absolutely nothing wrong with needing prescribed medication if other treatment methods aren't creating the results you need. If your head ain't making the happy/calm hormones you need to function, store-bought assistance is just fine with a doctor's recommendation.
I appreciate the video Phil. Mental illness runs in my family so I totally know how you feel. Good fortune to you and your family.
Good for you sir. I've seen you grow from a college student to the man you are today.  Much wiser and grateful.  Bless you and your family.
But tell me how Trump is destroying America Phil.
I have a binge eating disorder as well, was just diagnosed. Thank you for sharing this. This year, I’ve had to quit two jobs, be the personal representative of my fathers estate who passed away unexpectedly. My ex broke up with me. I’ve moved 4 times and have gained 55lbs. But the year is ending well and looking up. I’m in a job I absolutely love, I have an apartment I love, and I hopefully can get help with my eating disorder now.
I think Phil’s been on TIC TOC a little too much lolxD THis editing is so good
You're so beautiful and thank you for sharing
Love ya phil. As someone who is nearly an identical weight and the same body type and suffers from some terrible eating habbits, its pretty inspirational to hear you are making progress. Keep being awesome.
Love yo face!
Can we talk about the fucking MOVIE THEATER IN YOUR HOUSE!!
I wish I wasn’t allergic to Lexapro but man did it help with my mental health alongside therapy. Glad to hear you’re being kinder to yourself and working to get better :)
I think this video has a really important message.   It shows that even the most level headed people are vulnerable to depression and mental illnesses. We're all vulnerable, so we have to take care!  Be as good to yourself as you are to your audience and be well!
I really loved this and it was really hopeful and encouraging. Hope you and your beautiful family are doing well!!
I remember when you first started dating.....its weird to feel I know someone I've never met. We've grown togeather. As adults and in weight lol
Phil I’ve been watching u since 2011, u got this my man. U were my dad on the Internet growing up and we got ur back if u ever need anything!
We love you Phil thank you for sharing always
❤️
I don't know who this guy is but this video was very relaxing
Thank you for this video! Mental health has such a stigma and it should not be that way. Everyone struggles in some way, not not everyone has to courage to reach out for help. Finally after 10 years I was able to get my husband to talk to a psychiatrist and it has helped so much. I can not possibly understand the same way a Dr can and it helps make such a difference in our lives and for our children.
If you can’t make your own neurotransmitters, store-bought is great. Take your meds. Drink some water. Take care of yourself.
I still remember how happy you were when you announced you were going to be a dad. What a journey!
You are amazing and this type of interaction is, some days; the only time I feel connected to life or the world. Thanks for sharing and continuing to be one of the few consistent TIA on days or even weeks when that’s a singular item rather a list like days of yore...  much love ❤️
Beautiful video man
Phil that 5 o'clock stash is tripping me out lol
Appreciate you and Lindsay so much.
This is so cute.
Thank you for being so open 💙
TWO SON? I FEEL LIKE I MISSED SOMETHIN
What camera is this?
I love the wholesome energy of this video 🤧✨🥺
You're a real one, Phil. Attaboy.
Struggling too. I've sought help and am on the long road to feeling better... Right now that feels insurmountable but I know I'm moving in the right direction. Much love
ITS ALL LOVE
Sometimes I forget that the YouTubers I watched when I was younger have been growing up every year. I'm 23 and I forget that he is not only older than me but also a full on adult with a wife and two kids. 😅
Loved this video, Phil. Lots of love.
Wow! Thank you so much for sharing. I hope the help you're getting is helping point your ship in the right direction. Safe journey through your troubles. You're not alone!
Me watching this while doing the bathroom : 😐😐😬
Wow... This is powerful  You're a good dude, a good husband, and a good dad
We are so proud of you ❤
You're such a great guy, Phil. This was nice to hear, not in a sense that you're struggling, but in a sense that those struggling are not alone.
Man I love this. Mental health is so important!
As a someone who has been battling depression since the 80’s (I’m 50), it’s a battle we all need help with from time to time. Keep relying on those who love you to help pick you up when you need it. Love yo face bro :)
3:06 this is so eye opening to me! Ive been watching your show everyday for the last couple years. definitely has helped me through quarantine, I know how hard it is to struggle with food and I am so amazed and inspired you were able to get up everyday and still do the show thank you. I am still struggling today with the same things you are talking about, thank you for opening up I will be giving myself more slack today for sure as should you!! thank you Phil
Loved the video, really resonated with me. After a long election and running for office and losing my mother in April this year has been really tough. A few series and creators really helped me get through it and one was PDS. I appreciate you sharing this and being open. Been a fan for over a decade now, keep it up, much love.
This made me year up but in a cathartic way. Thanks Phil ❤️
Keep up the good work Phil.
I truly appreciated this video. I have been struggling with an ED for years. This year I hit my highest weight and I needed this. Thank you. It was nice to see someone being real and open about this. ❤️
Proud of you dude 💖 thanks for getting help, it's important.
I’m with you brother 🙏 Thank you 💞
Love YOUR face, be well and keep doing good work 🙂
I used to watch Phil every day. I quit, unsubscribed last year. The longer he’s been living in LA LA LAND the farther he’s gone from the objective source I looked to. California has warped him.
“I don’t want you” ....”ok” -door closes.  Parenting tiny humans in a nutshell 😂
Just here to see what kind of cringe shit he spills.
Phil it's reasonable to think that a pill (or some sort of medication) cannot permanently solve these problems, but with all due respect, I've done everything I've could in excruciating efforts to silence my mind and negative feelings. The only thing that has worked is medications. I've tried stopping to take them for some time, but my damn brain is just so fucking stubborn. Not all brains are designed alike, i don't see a future in which i can live a normal life without meds, because I've tried so much and kept failing.
Thanks for sharing Phill, and thanks for being a mental health advocate, for yourself and for everyone watching! It's important to see the nuance of real people's relationship with their mental health. Also when can we expect tray's twitch stream to launch LOL
Phil, I’ve been watching your show for over 4 years and I just want to say you have been an inspiration for me and I’m very proud of you for your honesty and vulnerability, very happy with your growth sir! Thank you for the administration✊🏼
Carter saying "I don't want you" is so terrible toddler. The essence of sass
This was refreshing. Nice to see we're all in this rough year together.
thank you for sharing
Sweet little family you got there Phil.
NIce to meet you again Phil. :)
❤❤❤
Thank you Phil.
Thanks Phil, I needed this. Much love.
I’m positive you won’t see this comment amongst your sea of fans, but thank you so much for sharing! I’ve struggled with my weight as long as I can remember (ahh emotional eating my friend) and it is comforting to know I am not alone. We can get through this especially difficult time, I know it.
Damn, been watching Phil for over a decade but never really been able to make a connection with him on this level, on a human basis, apart from the noise of the outside world news and memery.  I respect your struggle dude, I'm on a similar path and hope you have a sweet Christmas and New year with your beautiful family in these surreal times.
i love this so much thank u for this♥️♥️♥️✨
You are my favorite YouTuber ever because you make me believe in my self
I love you for making me give me more slack to give myself. You let me reconnect with everyonr during these werid ass times. Thank you for making me more grounded.
Damn Phil got a whole cinema room !
I love this style of video!!! ❤️
We love transitions
❤❤❤
Lots lof love dude <3
The Sennheisers look really big on your kid
This will likely be buried.   Shortly after being married, I started on my ADHD medication for the first time ever. It is not a magic cure-all. It has helped with the focus I needed. Since then, I've gotten a lot of things done. My thought is that medication didn't do that. It helped rein in my day today. There is no red pill. Everything we do is going to take work and persistence. Some of us need a detour to get on track.
Ayy baby lexapro gang! I just started too. It honestly helps so much to see other people talk about depression. And not just in a 'its real, talk to a doctor' but to discuss it honestly. I realized I needed help after having a conversation with my dad who has struggled with depression for some time. It's okay to realize you need help :)
Just realized Phil is rich, check out that home theater
Love you Phil, will see you TOMORROW!
Man, that all hits closer to home than I thought it would but I just don't know if I have that control.
Son " I don't want you"  Dad " ok....ok " (close door slowly) 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Honestly thank you!!! I needed to hear all of this!!
Phil either watched Psych IRL’s channel, or he hired her to help run this one, because this is so similar to her video style
Dude... I'm so glad you exist and do what you do. You seem like your such an introspective and genuine person and I appreciate that you seem to be trying to genuinely connect, and be a positive force. I FUCK WITH THAT! Keep being you and trying to be the positive change you wanna see in the world. (Or I may be projecting)
Hey Phil, Love ya bud.
Hey man. I'm in the worst shape ever and also been on meds. I hear you. They do help and also talk therapy is an amazing add-on to help. Im in a such better place since 1.5 years ago. Thanks man.
we will always have your back, whether you’re at your highest high or your lowest low. there is absolutely no shame in speaking your mind. recovering will be a long journey, but i hope it goes as smoothly as it can.
I love you Phil.
29 years? My parents haven’t been together that long and I’m 18 wtf talk about dedication
This actually made me emotional, in a good way. I'm involuntarily going through withdrawals from antidepressants until I can get a new script, so I've gone through every possible emotion I am probably capable of feeling, especially loneliness. This has helped me feel a little less alone--thank you. 💜 And good luck with everything.
Thank you for being so open about what is going on with your struggles. Viewers tend to put their favorite performers on pedestals and forget that you are human too. You are helping fight the stigma of mental problems and showing that it’s ok to get help! Hope you and your family have a wonderful holiday season ❤️
I’m finally off my anti depressants, but I miss those lexapro dreams. They were a whole other level.
Love you Phil! ❤️ it’s been hard, thank you for being so vulnerable. Sending you and the family love!
I feel like your kids are going to see this video one day, tear up, and give you this but bear hug. Love you Phil, thank you for sharing this
Awww...that was adorable! Wasn't sure what to expect when I clicked on this video but I'm glad I did. This year hasn't been easy for any of us but it's a good reminder to take time to be kind to ourselves. We're all with you! 🥰
Omg Phil!! I’m on Lexapro too 😊 I was in a constant panic attack everyday of law school... I agree meds don’t fix everything but literally I felt like a fog had lifted and I could THINK... the anxiety was still there but for the first time in months I felt like I could breath... meds can definitely be part of the solution. idk I’m just trying to say Good job seeking help and I’m glad you are doing ok!
❤
Phil! Omg we are going through the same thing! Extra stress and this horrible year has got me on Lexapro for the first time in my life. I've also been turning to food and am in the worst shape of my life. Thank you so much for opening up about what you're going through. I feel so much better about my situation and I feel so seen. Love you, Phil and fam!
why does phillip defranco feel like the tony stark of youtube
Phil! 🌻
Thank you so much Phil we needed to hear this❤❤❤❤ we love you
I'm glad you exist homie :-)
Thank you so much for posting this video. I’ve been watching your videos almost every time you post since I was a teenager in 2009, and I’ve struggled with disordered eating for just as long. You are not alone, and it was really brave of you to share this with the world.
I did not came here to cry but thank you
Well hi there grown up Phil. You've come along way since the "Penis on your face" days. This year has been a weird one and being kind to myself and giving myself slack is something I've really been doing, it's hard to do but geez the struggle is real
Woot woot Lexapro 🙌
I know I'm late to this video, but I wanted to say regarding Lexapro... while a pill doesn't fix everything, it's good to get your brain functioning properly. The brain adapts to situations and when it's adapted to depression, it's not easy for it to get to a point of working like a neurotypical brain would work. My depression resulted in repressed emotions and an inability to be happy; since Lexapro, that's changed a lot. Not to mention I've dealt with suicidal ideation all my life and since Day One of taking Lexapro, I nearly never think of suicide as an option.  Just don't think little of taking medication. The brain is an organ and needs to be able to function properly. Taking medication helps that. It's only one part of a process, but it's an important part, nonetheless.
Wow. Wasn't expecting that at all. I feel ya. Guilt feelings are part of anxiety too. Don't forget that, anxiety is a nasty tricky sickness. You deserve to be happy, so does your wife, so do your kids, I know you know this, but it's good to acknowledge you matter as much as the people you're looking after. You'll all be fine. Lexepro is really good, I think way more people are on it than you think. It's not something to feel bad over. Work on feeling better. Take it from a pro, you'll feel better and want to come off it too soon. Don't, it gives you space to breathe and function, take that and use it to start feeling actually better, not pretend better. ♡♡♡
👍
When all looks dark and grey and all light fades away find a spark of light and hold it very tight for another burning bright Can send away the night  cheers
thank you for being vulnerable - thank you for helping to normalize this kind of conversation. today was actually my first day back to therapy in about 3-4 years. it felt scary, but i left feeling renewed and a little more hopeful. you've been a constant in my life - and i know youtube only goes so far, but it still has made an impact on my life. sending you love, phil, linz, trey, and carter. <3 love yo faces.
casey vibess
Thank you for filming this for us, Phil. Your videos have been a part of my life since I was an awkward sophomore in high school, and now that I’m 26, they mean even more to me. I doubt I would be able to consume the news literally at all without you anymore, and seeing you and your family just be so open like this makes me so happy. Thank you again ❤️
What camera are you using Phil? 😁
Thank you for being so open about your mental health. I too started Lexipro recently and i hope it helps you out. We’re rooting for you 💕
Sending love 🖤🖤🖤
Nice house!
PLS GIVE US MORE OF THESE VIDEOS PHIL WE LOVE YOU AND SAME
so proud of you for having the courage to be this open! what i’ve found in my eating disorder and depression recovery is that the more honest and open you are, the more thoroughly and smoothly you heal. godspeed!
Wait.... you’ve been married 29 years? Did I hear that right ?  No way he’s in his 50’s. * googles phillip defranco* You’re 35!!!
Smells of neistat
Can we get a house tour haha
2020 has been awful for those with mental health issues. Add that to a messed up healthcare system AND the addition of a global pandemic with people ignoring safety procedures... welp. I hope that more people start to come forward and talk openly about how we all have things we are going through internally that people don't see. Just like you I know how lucky and privileged I am, but often times that itself will land on me badly since so many others are suffering in much worse ways than I am. Focusing on my own channel has helped give me a focal point, even if it never goes anywhere it helps to give me some degree of stability in a very unstable time period in human history. DFTBA & LLAP
This may sound rude but I was scared to watch a video with your son since the simply nailogical one he screams and Cristine and Ben decided to keep that sound in. I got 2 kids and would cut that part out since I don't like the screams from them either. Just thought I'd share it bothered me and I dunno if you read these or care but its from love for both channels I have followed both for years.
I exactly really needed this Phil. I appreciate you
Stay strong man.We need your face on here and your voice of reason and sanity. I have no idea as to what or how depression works but  and would never try to say do this or that. You have a good wife and two wonderful kids.Just hope they will be able to help
Good for you! I'm glad you're getting the help you need to move forward. I'm a 63 year old woman who was raised in an abusive household, who then went on to marry a narcissistic, abusive man because it just seemed normal. I was in that marriage for 38 years, and after the darkest point in my life, I managed to get out and get the help I needed. I have c-ptsd, anxiety, and depression. With medication and great counseling, and moving 2000 miles away to a supportive environment, I am doing so much better! It's wonderful. Now, I'm trying to discover who I want to be, because I never had that option before. Thank you for speaking out about your struggles. I firmly believe the more people who speak up, the less stigma is attached. So, thanks again, and GOOD JOB! <3
This was the absolute best.
Eets a crrrime not to gowout side on a beeoootifool day! Go to play, Meester DeFrrranco!
Thanks Phil, your honesty connected with me and my struggle.
Wow, I like this Phil. Not that I dislike the classic Phil. Also, nice teeth 😁
As someone who suffered from an eating disorder and over exercising for over 8 years, thank you for being vulnerable! I still struggle with the exercising too much and mostly being nicer to myself. It’s important to be reminded that we should be kinder to ourselves, more privileged or not! It’s been a rough week so this was nice to hear! Thank you.
I know this was hard Phil but thank you... i just started lexapro like 4 weeks ago and its been hard to admit i needed the help
This just popped up in my recommended because I watch your podcast sometimes. I didn't even know this channel existed 10 minutes ago and don't know much about you in general, but I really resonate with the feeling of needing to reintroduce yourself. The weird thing about this year is that we haven't been with people as often to see slow changes in each other over time. I feel like a completely different person than I was 9 months ago while everyone still sees me the same. I feel like I need to reintroduce myself to people I've known for years and I definitely have an identity crisis over that like every other day lol
i want go nation to be a thing and to come back agein!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been watching you since the olden days, we are the same age, and my god your hair line is incredible, I'm over here bicing what's left of hair so I don't look like friar tuck
I appreciate you Phil! Take care of yourself!!
Thank you, this year my bulimia has been so much worse because of everything and this was the year I finally asked for help so thank you for sheading a light 🥰
It was the eating disorder talk for me. I have I've been dealing with the same thing but felt so alone. I live in me car on top of those issues. It did make me feel more connected though. Happy to see the genuine nature if this format.
We love you Phil!!! Sending all of those good vibes your way! Appreciate you for sharing bud❤
It's great to see you again Phil!
God the boys make me almost want to have kids. Almost. Lol
love you for what you do, and how you share yourself with us.
Last time I saw Phil’s boys, Carter was still in a rocker. They’re so big and look so happy. Sending good vibes to the De Franco.
this is so important for me specially now, thanks a lot greetings from Colombia
Thank you for sharing this raw and uplifting message; you've expressed in under 6 minutes something I'd been trying to find the words for this year. It gives me a lot of hope. Also! I love how happy Trey's laugh is! He seems so comfortable and happy playing a game beside you. His good mood is infectious. :)
Phil... Thank you so much for sharing your struggles with an eating disorder so candidly.  You’ve always been such an amazing advocate for destigmatizing mental illnesses and it’s greatly appreciated.   From someone who’s struggled with bipolar and an eating disorder for about 20 years now... thank you for simply talking about awareness and normalizing talking about it.
Thank you for sharing, Phil. It’s nice seeing you in a blog style video. Please be nicer to yourself. We love yo face 💕
This is important <3 I'm grateful to you and everyone else with a platform for advocating for mental health and embracing yourself and your needs.
Thanks for checking in, Phil. You're doing great. <3
Wow, it’s so crazy to see how big trey is now, I remember when he was a baby 😭
I love this video sooo much. I ALSO loooooveeee that camera, whatcha using there Phil?
Talking about mental health is important! It is important to take care of oneself so we can enjoy and care those we love (yes, including you). Medication has it’s time and purpose, so if it helps, fantastic!
Why am I crying? Lol love you Defrancos, I've been watching you for so long you feel like family. Thanks for being vulnerable.
Man I feel the part about the kids. My son just turned two and if not for trying to give him some semblance of peace in what has been the craziest year, I'd likely have stayed in bed.
Can we talk about how much Phil has grown as a person? We're looking at an emotional intelligence glow up from Backwards Hat Phil and  it's just lovely to see.
When did phil get 2 kids 😮
I like how Trey’s phrase was ‘thats amazing’ and Carter’s is ‘I don’t want you’ cause those are the two moods I have lol. I also can’t believe how big Trey is, i remember watching your vid for him when he turned one 🥺
As someone who continues to battle her eating disorder, thank you for this ❤️ best to you and you are so worthy of recovery!
This video feels like chicken soup when you sick. Thank you :)
I don't know If you read comments anymore, but this was really cool to see again. Feels good to connect with you again. Also, I miss when Joe was around and doing "In the office" type videos. That was cool because It felt like we got to watch the company grow from ground up, and feel like we were Invovled from the start. Just some thoughts. Take care Phil!  P.S I really like the music choice for the video lol
Wow. Thanks man.
I wasn't able to watch the entire thing, I'm sorry Phil. Started to desperately cry. But great work and be happy, big man! Lots of love <3
Hey Phil! I've been on lexapro for 10 years, and had and on and off time with it at first, but at the end of the day, if it makes you a happier, and more productive person, then why not give yourself a chance ❤
sorry for the comparison but I really dig the Casey Neistat styled editing! Love to see more Phil vlogs. You really get a sense of realness watching you speak.
I’ve been on Lexapro since I was 16 (I’ll be 24 next month). It absolutely saved my life. I definitely had an imbalance due to increased neurotransmitter uptake, and being chronically ill has never helped. I’m glad you’re talking about this, and I wish you the best of luck!
Thank you for your vulnerability. You are not alone in these struggles. I’ve also seen myself down those paths and started working to better them. You got this!
On one video you did I posted a comment that said I thought you should do a positive piece section not just a today in awesome, and people jumped down my throat saying I shouldn’t expect you to sugar coat things for my benefit but I truly was meaning it for yours. You read so much sadness all the time there is NO WAY you won’t get depressed. I eliminated social media from my life and my mental health has improved tremendously. I think these videos are great, you’re a human Phil not just a newscaster and maybe if people would make more videos like this and show how their jobs affect them people could understand more why people who seem to have it all can still be hurting inside. Love you Phil been watching for longer than I can count now
I love you Phil!!! Just know that if Lexapro doesn’t work out, theres always another medicine to try- people metabolize drugs in different ways, and last year I had to switch from Lexapro to Venlafaxine. Just know that its a long road ahead, but its for the best, and constantly remind yourself that “everything WILL be okay”
Thank you thank you thank you for talking about these struggles and normalizing it !!! We’re in this together 💪🏼
Thank you Phil
This is beautiful!! Thank you. I'm starting a non profit currently dealing with the effects of mental illness. This is how we help, make everyone know they are not alone!! Much love ❤
Thank you for talking about your ED. I know how humiliating it feels to talk about it because I have one. This video will help a lot of folks, just because you spoke about it. So many guys feel like they have to suffer in silence and it’s not true!
Take care of yourself and your family ❤️
It's so good to see you talking about this Phil. I hope your Christmas break is wonderful!
Thanks for being courageous enough to talk about these kinds of issues.  There's just no way I could muster up enough bravery to talk about my similar experiences on my channel. This is just one of the reasons why you're on the list of my very favorite humans 🙏😊
thank you for sharing Phil! you have no idea how much it means, eating disorders & depression, medication journey. it's all things I've gone through personally as well this year. thanks for the reminder
They way you filmed this really draws me in. Love the message. I feel you. I've been struggling with an eating disorder as well. I'm slowly getting better I think but I still have bad days. My weight has been the only thing I could control this year. The people around me have all told me I'm losing to much to quick. Thankfully I'm slowing it down. My weight loss started healthy but when my stress kicked in I was just not eating. Doing my best 😅  Hope everyone is starting to heal some from this year though it isn't quite over.  Positive vibes!
I love your face, Phil! So glad you did this!
It’s tough when you start meds for your mental health but are so anti-pharma. Not assuming you are but hearing these words I know I’m the same way. I have been on and off and recently this year I’ve found something that finally works for me. I saw it a lot; be kind to yourself. Hug your kids, even when they don’t want you 🧚‍♀️
Praying for you and your health Phil <3
It was really great to hear someone that I have a lot of respect for talking about not being okay, and talking about the steps he’s taking to make things better
i love this, thank you !
Hey, Phil.  Thank you for being willing to talk about this.  I myself have finally started therapy after swallowing my pride and recognizing that I really need it. As a past cutter I managed to, which I am proud of myself for, recognize that my thoughts were becoming darker than I could handle. Scaring me because I felt I was loosing control when all this time it we me shoving my emotional side away and not taking care of myself in order to give all of me to my partner and family members.  Drugs don't fix the heart of the issue.  Though for some or many drugs can aid in the healing process or if you genuinely need the chemicals. Personally, I wished my Dad was open about mental health like you and many people in these comments section with recognizing that mental health isnt just "something you get over/change" on your own.  I hope your kids can learn from your experience to not be afraid to ask for help when things get out of whack and understand that a part of being overall healthy, you HAVE TO take care of the mental side as well.  To everyone here, thank you for this wonderful community and you are strong enough to get through the storm even though you may feel like you're on a shady AF boat.
Bless you, Phil!
I have been a fan of yours since high school. Maybe you’ll never see this but damn I’m glad your still here. Also Treys laugh is mad contagious
We are all falling apart together. We may as well work at rebuilding ourselves together.
It's not very often I hear men talk about disordered eating, so thank-you for being vulnerable and talking about it. It helps other men know their not the only one, and they can get help. Hope things look up Phil, take care of yourself!
I loved this. And loved the vibe and editing. And i love that you want to do this more. BUT dont put the pressure on yourself! do it because you like it. If editing it this way gets too much, or 'poping them out' then stop it! I say that in the nicest way possible, i promise
Love you Phil! So honest and caring. Carter looks like you! Wow. Never noticed. Love yo face XO
No pity, Phil. I'm proud of you. For doing something, for being honest on a level that would terrify me. But how have you been with your wife 29 years?!? (She's adorbs) You needed to do something to put a stop to things that were not doing you any favors. You did. You are. You will. You got this, man.
Having my son and starting lexapro was the life jacket I needed when I was drowning. Thank you for sharing this part of yourself, take care 💖
Been watching you since I was preteen kid to a 21 year old man and your videos and life lessons have raised me, when you don’t got a father around it was nice hearing a clear headed man with good morals and advice
mucho love Phil!
Wow Phil that is a lot. This year has had maddening effects on us all, and we all cope in different ways. I am so glad you are getting the help you need, and I have to say I didn’t realize how much I missed hearing from you again in this way, until now.  I have really missed you guys.  Maybe we all need to feel some sense of community again. 💜🥰
Thank you Phil for being you.
Now I know why I like you - a compassionate human.  Peace to us all!
We love yah phil. Look after yourself.
Awww much love my dude I’m so sorry I have depression too so I get it
This is way better than you threatening to punch someone in the throat. Thanks for getting vulnerable.
Hey Phil, nice to meet you. I recently confided in my sister that I go on anorexic fasts, not really on purpose but maybe the consistent pain of hunger feels good to me somehow. I only really thought about it because I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder and it’s one of the symptoms. As someone who has also had very close friends with eating disorders, it’s no fun what that does to your head and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But confronting it does give you this weirdly strong ability to love yourself, so I’m glad that you’re doing that ❤️
Love you PhillyD!! I’ve been watching you since 2009 and I’m so grateful that I can still connect with you 11 years later. 💗
This was really so nice. I've been struggling for over a year now, even before covid. Been putting off therapy over and over cause of a negative experience in the past. Which is ironic cause im about to start a job in mental health, and im a massive advocate for therapy. I'm gonna try my best to make a doctor's appointment asap, cause i deserve to take care of myself too.
Loved the porno music. But really, loved this and have been watching since always, the very beginning and I rarely comment but man, this makes me relate to you even more. As in, I love you and always have, but this makes me see you even more as a fellow human being... Thank you.
ilysm phil. i too have struggled with bulimia for the past decade, i know how hard that shit is and how tough it can be in the thick of it. you're so strong for being open about this and for talking about your struggles. i really wish the best for you and i'm so glad you have such a beautiful family to love and support you!
Phil I did not see this in my sub box!!! But thank you so much for sharing. I have been struggling this year so much and to hear your story is a huge help. Been following you for over 10 years this is my fav video! Thank you!
I have COPD, so this yr has been a stuck in a rutt year. I get by that by making up at 11pm at night and walking my dogs 4 miles. Its the only way I'm not curled up in my bed and just giving up.  Be safe everyone and find what works for you.
Your kids have the best laughs
Hey man I’m sorry to still hear that but glad your waking up to take care of yourself. I was at 240+ and recognized I need to do something so here’s to us doing something!
Good luck
I was confused because you said youve been together 29 years haha. That would make lindsay 2 and phil 6ish 😂 im assuming it was a joke
Your son "hi" was so adorable. 😊
Yesss. Takes a lot to talk openly about everything you’re struggling with. Proud of you for talking about and proud of you for getting help!! ❤️
I miss their old house
Thanks Phil
I’ve missed you bud, truly  We’ll be here when you’re ready
this year has definitely been a tough one for me too. I tried to kill myself in august, and since then I've been in and out of a local psychiatric hospital several times trying to get myself right again. I feel like doing what you're doing -- speaking openly and frankly about your struggles -- is a valuable thing for a lot of people, who might be struggling with these things and be too scared to get help. I've been really open about my experiences this year too, because I don't think it's something anyone should have to hide any more than you would a broken arm. thanks for the honesty, phil
I've suffered from mental health issues for most my life. Looking back during therapy I started showing signs of depression and anxiety as early as 9y.o. Possibly even sooner and that just became worse over time as other health problems came to light. Over the years I've learnt numerous tricks to control it and minimize its effect on my life. I wasn't prepared for this year. Losing my business and being left with crushing debt and facing the upcoming legal ramifications, losing my uncle who has been a long time father figure, watching lives fall apart around me and being powerless to assist. Although I know that none of it is my fault I have caught myself sitting on the side of the road drastically trying to convince myself that the world wouldn't be better if I simply took my own life.  This year has been rough on the majority of us. Some of us deal with that differently than others. Not talking about it doesn't help anyone. Knowing that there are others out there who are going through similar feelings as yourself can offer the smallest level of comfort. Especially as males, many of us have been raised to simply push these uncomfortable topics aside and "just deal with it" but dealing with it doesn't mean doing it alone. Therapy, support groups, medicating, holistic healing. There are many ways to approach recovery and wellbeing within yourself.  Thanks for sharing your experience, Phil. Just knowing what you've been dealing with may be enough to encourage someone else to seek the help that they need.
“I don’t want you.” Phil really took the rejection well.
Phil I don't usually comment but I've been watching for a long time, anyways just wanted to say  thank you for all these years I hope you're doing great!
Dang. Really needed to hear this. Thanks. Btw your birthday is 10 years and a week before mine. I’ve been watching your show since the Lovely Lady of the day. Saw the rise and fall of sourcefed and get super excited when I see Steve and them back on every now and then. I’m sleep deprived currently that’s why I’m writing all this.
Dear Phil, I am SO fucking proud of you. Recovery is not à linear journey. I started actually trying to get better in 2010, a year after I thought I might have a problem. Almost 10 years later, I still have to stand against those thoughts but it has gotten easier with practice and tools and friends and coping skills. Giant hugs to you as you continue to heal.
It's so important for men to talk about this ❤️ Following you since at least 2007 and had these same issues. Was slipping this week into bad coping habits so it's comforting to see someone else talk about it too.
This year I learned about the two different kinds of stress: Eustress & distress Eustress is the feeling when you’re excited for something and still getting ready, the happy stressed And then of course we all know distress  Thanks for being so transparent with us <3
Thanks for sharing!
This video came at such a poignant moment for me.  To see that I am kot the only one with feelings of depression....   I am also the most out of shape I have ever been, the lowest I have ever been so,  thank you for sharing.....
ay we're samesies with the weight.
I like your face phil, thank you for all you do
Carter is THREE now? It feels like he was born just last year.
The resemblance between u and the boys is so strong!! Glad you have them to keep u going
If you haven't been told "I don't want you" by your child are you even a parent (of a toddler or older child)?
Trey has gotten so big!
It's really nice to see you talking to the camera in a personal way again. Also major props to you for admitting when you need extra help. When I was first diagnosed I thought I would only need therapy. But after two years of just that, therapy alone just wasn't going to work. Funny enough, I take lexapro too! And it has really helped me throughout the years. I know I've made progress by myself, but my medicine gives me that extra supoort. And honestly I'm at peace with having to take anti depressants/anxieties now. I also have been struggling with bodily image and weight this year. I'm 11 days into calorie counting and working out more often, and I'm already seeing changes. Seeing you talk about this really makes me feel less alone in this though, as cliche as that is. And I'm really proud of you and. Love ya face, Phil. Keep that shit up!
Damn. You might have saved some lives in December. Way to make an impact. Thank you for sharing.
sXe Phil, I still love yo face too!
♥️♥️♥️♥️
WHEN DID YOU BABIES GROW UP?! Trey is talking in full sentences?! Carter is talking too?  I miss the Defrancofam vlogs. 😥
If a successful rich young white male feals depressed what chance do I have.
For a second I thought you were the gold Shaw farms farming channel Jesus you guys look alike .
Love you bro so real lol....been a fan over 10yrs and looking forward to more
Hey, I’m on Lexapro too! It’s awesome to hear people talk about mental health and eating disorders, especially when those people don’t look like me.
Thanks,  Phil.
Thanks for making me cry Philip, and I mean the good kind of cry!  You are a real honest good man!! I'm proud of you and myself for the steps we have taken.
Are we getting a DeFranco Vlog from Phil? I stan
I appreciate you Phil
I loved this video so much. My 2 year old and 3 month old little boys are the reason I get out of bed too! It’s crazy how these little humans make life worth living. I don’t know what I did before them!
You should share what couch to 5k program you are using then organize a virtual 5k for charity. 🥰👍
Your disgusting arm-hair gives me hope. Thanks Phil.
Dammit Phil, I already liked ya... then you go and make videos like this and.... well dammit, I love ya bro.
Hi Phil. I'm a long term subscriber and I've never left a comment until now. Thank you for speaking your truth. I, too, am in a similarly fortunate situation where I have, seemingly everything a person could want, and struggle, every day, to get out of bed. Thank you for making me, and hundreds of others, feel less alone and, by your example, encouraging utilization of mental health resources.
Always love it when people are candid about their mental health issues. It goes a long way for making these things visible and decreases the stigma around mental health. Thank you, Phil!
I need a vacation
awwwwwwwwh
There is a philosophy a quantum physicist told my class. The humans are a impossibility manifested The probability of every atom cell protein genetic variation and race to come together to make you or me are greater than the stars in the night sky. Humanity defies common probability and spits on immpossibilty So defy any burden or challenge, negativity, hate, and self doubt. The brain has the speed of light, and it activity cluster resemble nebulas. We are in existence because we will it, humans are stubborn but creative. So when you look in the mirror remember it took more than a sun, a planet, a solars system and all the laws of physics for your incredible value to exist. So be proud and shine your wonderful you.
Phil You’ve been a role model of mine since I was 20 (I just turned 29) and every time you grow I can relate with my own experiences. I’ve personally been on and off Lexapro since I was 14 yrs old. I went to a drug rehab center when I was 17 and weened off but eventually needed the pill again when I was hit with a wave of depression after my best friend of all my life died in a car accident at just 18 years old of life. I want to say I think your choice of trying lexapro can be a game changer, cause it’s definitely pulled me straight out of the dark days I’ve felt before, those days that feel like there’s no light at the end of the tunnel. I’ve come to overall maintain my moods in a positive light nowadays no longer take lexapro but recently I’ve been dipping in a rut again due to relationship issues. It’s hard man, I try my hardest to find that balance in life. So you’re definitely not alone and I’m sure many of your viewers can relate but I just want to thank you for sharing because honestly it just reminds me that we are all human and no ones perfect. We all must fight on a daily basis to make the best of this life we’ve been given. Thank you so much for doing what you do, you’ve provided me with information for years and honestly I don’t know where I would go for news without you. Anyway I’ll stop going off, I rarely ever comment, maybe 3 out of the thousands of videos I’ve watched of years, but this one just made me want to write. Again, thank you so much!
been watching you for a solid 11 years now. This year, I've also been dealing w/ disordered eating as a result of my depression, and have to say I really appreciate you sharing your struggles as well. thanks for doing what you do
Trey and Carter are getting so big 🥺 ...God I’m getting old.
Loved this
Aw man Phil I needed this. It’s good to see you you beautiful bastard. Love the family too and my how big the boys have gotten. I feel like Carter was just born yesterday.   Although living a different lifestyle I definitely know how you feel. I went the other way with eating, beginning to starve myself and occasionally binge but restricting my caloric intake heavily. I’ve tried taking up exercises to help out but it feels like everything is hard in these times.   I also appreciate your message of being kinder to yourself. I know I put myself down a lot and hearing you say you go though the same thing made me feel seen and not alone. Love to see more videos like this. Best wishes to you, the family and the DeFranco team
wow phil, i’ve been watching you off and on for years. thank you for sharing, i know how hard it is to live with an eating disorder. take care of yourself 💜
I have also started couch to 5K and have been feeling better. I’m about six months in. Good for you for choosing to be healthy for yourself and for your family! I also get what you’re saying about medication, I think I feel similarly to you on that. It’s not a fix all but it can help. Love you and your family’s face! Also thanks for helping me digest news during these tumultuous times.
Loveee you Philll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You should make a family vlog parody
No pity, King Just respect
ayyyeeee I'm on lexapro too!! love you Phil :) ♥️
Thank you for being real. Love and prayers to you on your self love and healing journey.
Hold the phone. You’ve been with your wife since you were 6?
I think we all could be nicer to ourselves. I have been going through it, and this video is relatable. That is all I have to say. Much love Phil. Have a great life my friend.
Appreciated the honesty and emotion in this video.   And not to diminish that, but can we talk about those wonderful scene transitions? I feel aroused in a way I didn't know possible and I am confused. Is good editing a kink?
“I don’t want you” OMG I’m dying 😂😂🤣
256.3 Pounds = 116,26 Kilograms
I feel sad for people who dont click this. We need to all be having conversations like this. I really really appreciate your vulnerability. Much needed. Keep taking care of yourself my guy. All love xo
This was a really brave and difficult video to make for you but it’s such a great thing you’re doing in showing vulnerability and it will honestly make a lot of people who are struggling to cope and discuss how they’re feeling. I just wanted to let you know I think you’re a really genuine, good guy and you are doing a hugely positive thing with your platform. Be good to yourself Phil!
That house is OP lol. You deserve it
Great talk Phil. For the first time in my life, I have been recently suffering from mental health concerns. A way of absolute apathy to everything and the feeling of wanting to run away. I appreciate you opening up. From Australia I say stay smiling and stay safe, the USA seems like a bit of a scary place these days.
My anxiety went through the roof during quarantine here in NYC. I had a panic attack which triggered an asthma attack (which is how I discovered I was asthmatic), and that was not fun at all.  Luckily after starting teletherapy, medication,  and talking to my dr about asthma, I'm in a much better place today than I was in the spring.
My man
Phil I just want to meet you. It’s insane how down to earth you are. Thank you for being open.
HUGS!!!!
i love you phil <3
Thank you, Phil... Seven years into my depression but it still helps to feel less alone if just for a second. I'm sorry I didn't come check the second channel out sooner, but this was a pretty impactful introduction anyways lol.. Feel better hun, you bring a lot of people a lot of positivity, even when the topics are negative. Also tell Lindsay she's awesome, and pet any dogs you have on my behalf. That is all, thank you. :P  Oh and P.S. your kids are effing adorable lol.
<3
I'm struggling
thank you for sharing, you articulated this really well. I’m grateful I found you on YouTube all those years ago. Being able to relate to you like this make me feel not so alone. Hello Phil, it’s nice to meet you again too.
We appreciate you Phil.  What an important video - a good reminder for us all to check in on ourselves and find out how we are really feeling.
💯
Thank you Phil. You've been one of the YTbers I've watched since the beginning.
Love the honesty and relate to the need for humor when getting vulnerable . Its become a big thing for me to be more open about my mental health as well so I love seeing people use their platform to let people know its normal and anyone can deal with these things.
Your sons laughs melted my heart..
Omg this was my favorite video by you ever dude!
"I don't want you" I'm saying this to anyone I don't like from now on
mY 3-YEAR-OLD always tells me he doesn't want me either XD
thank you Phil. I needed that. We met once in Amsterdam and struggled with my weight. I recently switched jobs and I've just been hating on myself so much unable to fit in as much as I want to etc etc. Yeah let's all my kinder to ourselves.
I don't see why people think money buys you sanity. Fair play for letting people know anyone can suffer. Hope you get back on track. I'd lay off any sativa's,as they rarely help with the mental side of things.ThankQ.TkEZ>UK
What camera is this!?
I really appreciate seeing a video like this again. 2020 has been a struggle for everyone - big, small, everyone has their own demons.
More Personal Phil would be such a lovely Christmas present while Business Phil is away.
Thanks man ❤️ we can all be more forgiving towards ourselves I think, but it’s so important to be reminded of that.
sorry buddy. please stay away from pharmaceuticals. all love. virtual hug
The boys are getting so big :'(
Hi, could Casey Neistat stop using Phil's channel to drop impromptu heartfelt inspiring vlogs ? Jokes aside, this is a superior YouTube rewind, De Franco edition, thanks for sharing !!
I appreciate this video, just got back from a horrible shift and this was a well needed breath of fresh air
I love you and you’re family been a fan since 2011 yasss king get it love you guys
Not enough Thumbs up Buttons on YouTube for how many I wanna give you right now!
Cheers Phil :)
Fuck, why is Trey so old now. I remember you getting married to Lindsay. I...
Love ye to philly
Love you Phil! You're an amazing person!
This video is perfect! Once you mentioned that you'd been simply reacting to other things in the world, I immediately noticed how different this video is and how much I didn't realize it's what I wanted/need from you! I think you summarized your mental health situation amazingly and thank you for being brave and talking about what you're going through. I think it is so important to talk about these things, and with your very large audience it definitely makes an impact to see you being vulnerable. Take care of yourself Phil! You've got this. It ain't easy but you'll get there.
your oldest is playing a ps5 Before CHRISTMAS and your youngest is watching a movie in your own personal movie theater. Just casually flexing...
Love yo face..
ah phill this week has been exactly the smae for me, started a low dose antideppressant and a diet and am trying to just enjoy the little things in life more. best of luck
Child playing PS5.  Am jealous.
Wow , I appreciate the candor and insights. I’m with u on many levels emotionally and mentally . Looking forward to watching more of these type of blogs
WE LOVE YOU PHIL!!!
Love yo face too, Phil. I've been struggling lately with my anxiety and with stress, and this very much makes me feel like I'm not alone. I hope my comment does a little of that for you too. We're in difficult times now, but support really does make a difference.
I’ve not watched Phil in a long time and it’s crazy how much Trey has grown!
Why did I think Carter was still 1 year old
As someone who's been watching you for at least 8 years, I'm 23 so you have been a really big part of my everyday ritual for so many years now. I'm so thankful for your videos and your blunt honesty, for you keeping it one hundred percent real with us, your fans. I love you so much Phil I love your family so much, I feel like I'm a part of it sometimes. I take antidepressants and a mood stabilizer and personally it's taking a couple months but they are helping. I'm starting to do stuff for myself again. I'm also fighting with addiction for the last 5 years of my life. I was a heroin addict for 5 years straight. What should have been the best years of my life turned out to be my own personal hell. There's no one to blame but myself. But I'm working on getting better and that's the best thing I can say. Thanks for keeping it real with us Phil I love your face
And theeeeerrrrres the throat lunch. Dude I subscribed! Lol I felt this. Worst shape of my life, clocking in at around 236lbs. These times are nuts, and in realty I suppose there are far worse channels I could be chasing fro that serotonin boost other than food. But it does take a toll mentally. We’ve all got a long road ahead of us, and i think the vast majority took a few steps back in terms of personal growth and health.
Thanks for sharing, Phil. More of these please.
Dude. Thank you.
Thank you Phil. This helped me tbh.
Ugh, the editing is so fucking good! Phil, goddamnit, I don't normally like vlog content but I could watch you making videos like this all day long. Seriously super well done and almost even cinematic while still being down to earth and real. I appreciate you opening up with us even further and I hope you feel better soon and your new path is a little less rocky.
You got this man
Appreciate the message Philly D. I also feel like my son has provided me with the right amount of drive to keep things moving positively during this pandemic era.
love u dude
OMG your kids are SO cute!
Thank you.
This has a Cassey vibe. Respect.
Felt this on a very real level.  This year has been really hard on me, very seperate from the covid stuff, and sunk in a very dark depression.  Struggling with a huge weight gain as well.
Suggestion. Keep up with the exercise bro. I was over 350. Now I'm at 210. Life is a complete 360. I didn't need meds anymore. The body will reward you 10 fold. I promise. Keep on keeping on!! Thanks for being who you are!
You’re right Phil. I wish so bad I could see a doctor. I just can’t. No insurance no money no job. Fuck this president and fuck this year
💜
I LOVE YO FACES!  thanks for being vulnerable, philly D
Made me cry sxephil!  Totally share these sentiments, raising small children during this 2020 dumpster fire has been one of the only things keeping me sane and staving off the depression kitty.
This touched my heartstrings lol. I'm so happy that you've been making videos for us on this crazy journey we're on. You've always made the day a little easier to digest.
Love you, Phil!!
We binge watched Mr. Iglesias, which of course is generally funny, but there was a very important message in the one episode (I think it was the last one)... it was about deserving, we deserve good things and that sometimes, when we think we don't, it really makes life harder on us. So, remember... you all deserve your life and happiness. I say this because you always talk like maybe you don't think you deserve this, but you worked hard for where you are... not like some people... and as long as you are always caring and not snotty about things, you DESERVE your wonderful life. So, the key is "I deserve" as opposed to thinking you are there without being deserving. We all need to remember that we deserve to be happy, even sometimes when we think we should be doing more, we need to think of the things that we deserve and focus on making paths to those things. Not everything is obtainable, but happiness shouldn't be considered unobtainable.
You should BRING BACK THE VLOG!!! Even if it is just you doing mail. Those vids were some of the most refreshing, genuine, fun, and funny vids to watch!!
So happy to see you thanks for being real. We need to share are ups and downs with each other. It makes me feel like I’m not alone ❤️
You all are adorable!!!
Bro, you NEED to grow that stache for us.
I have to say, opening up about an eating disorder is such a courageous action. Especially with so many followers. I hope this encourages others, especially males, to be open about such a hard topic. Good job P.
He's three already!? Man time flys
As someone in recovery from bulimia right now, it means a lot to see someone like you be open about your experiences. Thank you and stay awesome
Jesus the kids are so big! Crazy how much time has passed watching Phil and family  grow
I didn't plan any of this out... Looks like the most polished vlog of all time. With amazing edits, voice over and just general production value.
Eating disorders are a bitch. You got this man 💪
I don't want you damnnnnn😂😂😂
We missed you, Phil. I hope you have an awesome day. Was just telling a mental health professional I was grateful that you've been a part of my routine since I was in junior high.
That was Refreshing. u should make more of these Phil.
Watching this right before I have counselling via zoom. I got to the point half way through this year where I realised how little I was coping and how much I needed help, I have no idea how to be kind to myself but I’m trying to learn. Thanks for being vulnerable and showing it’s ok to reach out for help if you need it
You just made me realize I only wrote on my journal when I was having a bad day... but I should also write when I have good ones. To remind myself not everything is negative. Thank you.
Y'know what, Phil? This video is EXACTLY what I needed right now. For real, man. I'm very glad that you truly began listening to yourself and stopped procrastinating in the real act for you taking care of YOU. Coronavirus quarantining has sucked big-time for all of us, but some of us just get the smackdown a little more than others.....and that's okay. Talking about it is even more okay -- it's healthy. <3  P.S. Getting to watch you be a good husband and good dad to your boys within the adorable shared footage is honestly some of the best therapy ever -- for real!! Thanks again. =]
YOU HAVE A THEATRE ROOM?!?
29 years??? How old is Phil?!?
Casey would be proud!
Thanks for sharing.  It's one of the hardest things to do.  Best of luck in making yourself happier.
My daughter is grown. I don’t have that need to get up like you mentioned. I have definitely not gotten up. Many days. I have notifications and text alerts set for the show though and it’s one of the things that I actually get joy from. So thank you Phill for being one of the reliable positives in my day to day.
Thanks for you being you,
y'know... ? i do like phill... he's just this guy, yeah? ...no really Zaphod, this wss a good talk!
what helped with my mental health during 2020? i fell in the rabbit hole of electric scooters(i have an apollo pro), i got one for me and my wife, my son would ride with me and as a family we would cruise around and explore my local parks and play grounds. simple things in life 😁
Best of luck with everything Phil! There's something to what you did here in this video; making yourself vulnerable about something you may not want anyone to know. No matter what that other individual is going through, it takes down that wall of the uncertainty of our problems, the importance to deal with them, and the fact that for the most part, we all have that (insert personal problem here). And no better a time to acknowledge it, as well as the importance that at the end of the day, we ALL do owe ourselves that consideration. Best of luck to you and anyone reading this, and thank you for reminding me that its okay to to focus on ME :)
Hello Phil. I think you're pretty cool.
Phil I’ve been following you for nine years now, how do you think your upbringing has affected your two sons?
2020 has been very rough for me as for anyone. My panic disorder which was finally getting manageable at the start of 2020 spiked and became worse than it ever had been before when the pandemic hit. I am finally dealing with that better after seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist but now I've just found out my sweet cat who is only around 7 or 8 years old is dying and I will probably have to say goodbye to her within the next 6 months and my mental health has sharply declined. Anyway I just wanted to say this video made me feel slightly less sad and alone and I really appreciated it. Thank you Phil. I hope you take care of yourself and I hope you know you are also not alone.
Thank you for this .......love yo face
Phil you're such a great person. Thankyou for sharing
🙏🙏🙏
I have never even considered the concept of "am I someone I care about" before.
Thanks for sharing your vulnerability, Phil! We're all pulling for you on your fitness and mental health goals and we love yo face. :)
Phil, I've been with your show since 2005 and I've grown with you and seen your growth. You're an awesome person and have a platform that is to envy. Know that you are heard, that's sometimes just what most people want and need...but yes, seek the help you need you beautiful bastard!! Youtube and dare I say, life, would be lessen without you on or here...  P.s. Beautifully family. "We'll die for our family, but remember to live for them too"
This gives me the fuzzies that defranco fam videos used to give. Real, not staged life of my favorite youtube people :) Thank you for giving that feeling again <3
This is amazing... it was so reassuring that I am not the only one going through this... my two boys 6 and 3 have got me through this year in the exact same way! Ow and yes my son would have said the exact same thing! :D
thank you for being vulnerable phil. it helps
Phil, watching this video I feel like a proud Mumma who's watched you grow up. You've grown into an amazing man, husband, father and entertainer
I wish I could go to therapy or maybe get some meds but I can’t afford it or get insurance. Just got to tuff it out.  I work full time and don’t even make 400$ a week.
We love you Phil ❤
Thank you for being vulnerable and open. Loved this video and need more of it. Love ya face! 👊🏼
OH MY GOD WHAT THEY’RE NOT BABIES ANYMORE BRUH WHAT WHEN
Timeline, camera quality/work, transitions, content, all good things. Though I feel I'm so close to your face that I am supposed to kiss you.
lexapro really helped me mate.....Set small goals... secure your own mask . love you man
Nice
This is strength . . . Ossu!
I am always here for growth and self acceptance. Thanks for this lovely little thought blob. You make me smile in my 2am insomnia struggle
Damn last time I watched Phil. trey was bearly walking around the source fed office.  I feel old lol
Thanks for sharing sir. I hope your journey to get to a better place continues to be a positive one. "Listen to yourself as someone who cares about you." This profound statement will stick with me, probably for (hopefully for) a lifetime.  Also, the back ground music has a porn vibe. No judgement.
Make "I don't want you" t-shirts.
Those 472 people who disliked this, where is your soul.
We all love you so so much Phil!! Stay strong
Sometimes I feel like I'm looking at a mirror for feelings and interests and especially opinions and mental health problems. I recently just started on Zoloft to try to stop the cycle so I can take charge of my life for my kid as well during her growth. Thanks for speaking out for yourself to let the rest of us know we're not alone and life isn't the snapshot social media shows. I have appreciated your genuine self for so many years. Hope you enjoy a break too!
Omg. Seeing your kids really shocked me. I've been, apparently, watching you for a very long time.  They are getting so big. And now I'm reminded how much I miss SourceFed too. Take care of you and yours. These faces love your face.
Also needed to hear this! I have friends who are struggling like crazy and I think I don’t see it enough or for some reason needed to be reminded to be kind, reach out but also understand that not everyone wants to talk right now idek
I think something widely misunderstood about depression and anxiety is that people who have them can still be functional and productive members of society... They can be suffering on the inside while still going through the motions, even quite well, on the outside.  Thanks for making the video to share your journey with everyone - it really is making a difference!
Trey and Carter are so big now! Sending you and your family all the good vibes :)
I love you Phil
Phil, my respect for you has quadrupled seeing that you are also a home theater enthusiast.
This was good and honest.  Thank you.  And thanks for telling that people reach out.  I started watching about 6 months ago.  And, it’s nice to meet you too.  Thanks for being awesome!
💛
This really spoke to me. Thanks for sharing!
Maybe I would care if you hadn’t turned into such a hack
This video is so good i am gonna hit the like button even though I wasn’t threatened with a punch to the throat.
Love you man! Stay safe, and keep ya head up! You've got this, we're all in this together <3 :)
Philip is the new Casey!
You are so nice Phil. I wish you and your family all the best during these difficult times. Thank you for this message.
Sending much love to ya Phil. You've been a constant in my life for longer than any other content creator and I am very thankful for that. I am also thankful that you have been transparent over the years about your personal struggles. It isn't nice to know that you go through these things, but it is nice to know I am not alone in certain struggles. Idk I wanna say so much more, but it boils down to just - Thank you Phil
Keep on keeping on, its great to see everything going in a positive direction.
them transitions phil killing it
I love you phil!!!
Dude I felt this video in my soul.
Phil thank you for being a better human than most.
Appreciate You Phil👍🏽
I love these cuts, they're amazing. You're amazing for talking about this. If it helps, you look like natewantstobattle's older brother
I watched the video on your main channel with you asking us to check out this one. I thought it was clickbait bs, and to be completely honest, I came here to dislike. But this video caught me off guard, it's very genuine. I am dealing with my own struggles right now, and it kinda feels like you are speaking to me. Thanks Phil.
Love you brother, your gonna be ok :)
I’m here for Honest Phil.  I turned 30 in 2020 and it has been one of my worst years. A lot happened since September and I’m just trying to feel normal again. It’s interesting to catch mental health somewhat early, because you are self aware of it but it’s a struggle to combat it.
"..treat yourself." This is why I miss early 2019. You could actually take a vacation without pure chaos waiting for you when you come back making it not worth it.  You may feel like it's management fault for letting it get this bad, but it's mostly the Trumplicans that are to blame for treating this Virus outbreak like a joke, and not funding the country to help keep business owners, states, and cities from having to break the lockdown guidelines. I barely get any sleep anymore from hearing the tough times that people are going through both inside and outside of work. The only thing keeping me going is the hope that things will get better especially now that we will be kicking out the real life internet troll that put our country in this mess we are currently in. To anybody going through this same experience, I am not going to tell you treat yourself because I don't know if you actually can. However, I will tell you to keep the hope alive. Somebody is going to need your hope to reinforce their own the next few months or years.
I loved this video and the style of your editing! Thanks for opening up, Phil. 💖
I relapsed on my eating disorder too. you're not alone.
Just want to say—I didn’t wholly realize how seldom I see dads being really present with their kids on YouTube or in real life but it’s so very nice to see 💜
hey i just started taking lexapro too! it took a long time for me to feel like it was working but i am grateful to be taking it now, i'm noticing more and more that my learned negative reactions to things are occurring less and less. good luck to you! thanks for opening up. takes guts. daily watcher, been following you since the ole monkey headphones days and the clickbait titles. seeing you with your wife for so long and being able to see your kids grow up gives me the greatest hope. these are truly the things worth protecting. when you said without your kids you wouldn't get out of bed i felt that. thanks again for opening up. you're awesome.
🙏🖤
I am the same way with the bingeing eating and drinking.  I’ve been trying really hard this year to not do that and to exercise.  I’ve lost about 25lbs but it’s a struggle.  I like how you mentioned to be kind to yourself.  I have to tell myself that too.  Thank you for sharing you’re experience.
This made me cry because it hit home mannnn
You literally described my mental health this year.  I too am slowly coming out of it and realizing just how bad I let myself go.  Gained 50 lbs since this time last year. I’m a 30 year old female who was at her goal weight and the picture of health a year ago.  I feel better knowing I’m not alone, but I’d never wish this special type of hell on anyone.  It gets better Phil.
This helped me. Thank you Phil
I haven’t watched videos from this channel in a while and holy shit in my mind trey was still 3
Dude Phil, dopest person. I could go into a long monolog of how impactful you are and can be....but I'm going to say dope as hell. Yup...yeah...I stand by it dope as hell!
From one binge eater to another, thank you for talking about this. You are stronger than you believe .
Have to say I'm a long time watcher of your Chanel. And I have to say in my drunken state  I do miss the old you.  With that said it's good to see your family grow so much. I haven't seen your videos in some time but it's good to see your still posting even know it not the same  as old.   Side question how's you dad doing ??  Miss you face - scott
Phil, I have followed you for almost 10 years now, and while I have ways admired your hustle, your laugh, and your dedication to shooting the news straight (even at times when it frustrated me lol); I can now add feeling a kinship with you. I too struggle with depression and anxiety, and this year has taken mine to a whole new level as well. Im also a father to two little one (about your son's ages), and they've been the only thing that's helped me hang on this year. Im proud of you for taking the steps you have to combat this mental health beast so many of us live with, and for being so vulnerable and open. You're a good man
Big love Phil! I’ve missed yo non-work face, great to have the you-you back 😁
My  line is always open. So talk.
I really appreciated this video.  I don't want to be "that person" but I'm always the "strong" friend and your "strong" friends go through hard times too.  It has always been difficult for me to talk about my feelings. No one saw that I wasn't doing well until it started affecting me physically.  Yoga and painting (horribly) have helped me tremendously.  I don't know what point this comment has, but check on all of your friends and be kinder to people. :)
Had a full panic attack after work today for no specific reason other than BLRHHEEHH 2020 but my nightly routine is to put my 5 year old in bed and myself and watch my one video before I knock out at 830, and decided to stay up for one more and watch this tonight. I saw it posted last night but man I'm glad I watched this. It was the shifty, personable, other side of your level headed perspective that made me feel at peace with my anxieties . And as a person who has struggled with the works of mental health mountains, I can not thank you enough, phil for being my one peace of mind nightly this entire year. This video was A+ Extra Credit 🤙🏻🏆🖤
Your kids are precious. Your wife is stunning
If you need help with getting in shape I got you Phil! Hit me up!
It took me years to get out of the funk after going off cipramil. Then recently through this year I went back to a new docs coz I moved to ask for a referral to talk to someone and he immediately gave me a script for lexapro that I filled but never took. 😬😭 I just hate having to take something and that usually makes me so much worse for the couple months it takes to kick in and then I’m stuck on that shit and suffer withdrawals when I try and cut down over time 🤷🏻‍♀️   I’m really trying to just get a normal daily routine of exercise, eating well and drinking plenty of water...harder than ya think tho when you have limited resources and struggle asking for help as it is 😩  I would love it if you uploaded here more especially if it surrounded that journey you’re on too 💓💓💓
You know, I kinda figured you were a bit stressed out since you've been threatening to punch me in the throat, like, every single day, all freaking year
Hugs recovering bulimic too.  And have been struggling with both eating but that is better then previously but my cptsd is awful with a lot of dissociating. Just know you aren't alone fighting these demons in addition to covid and world that is just unbelievable at times right now.
Damn, wish I would have had this video for myself when I struggled with this 20 years ago. Crazy how the binge/purge can be a way that our brains think we have some kind of control in our lives.   Best wishes in the recovery, you have a lot of people rooting for you to succeed...even if there are bumps along the road.
Yeah dude, dealing with mental health myself, it’s a bitch.  I need therapy again, used to go through it, and I’ve isolated a lot of people.  Even the woman I love, so, weird you shared this video when you did.
I love the style of the video. The editing & camera quality is on , fire
thanks for saying what you do they way you do. Thanks Phil <3
Oh my God. Carter’s 3 already??? Holy crap!
THANK YOU FOR THIS!!!!!!
fuck now I want to have kids, thanks Phil
I’ve been feeling the same for years... But, I just started taking Lexapro and also I started Hiking again! So keep it up Phil! We’re in the same boat 🚣‍♀️.
Hey Casey Neistat what’s up
Phil, been watching you for so many years now. Only half way through the vid but just had to share you’re the man. Keep on being awesome
I remember when Trey was born and Carter. Geez I’ve been with you for a long time...like ‘06 long. It’s great to see the boys so grown up! Did you move? That doesn’t look like your house.
I've been putting off watching this video since it came out because I really thought it was a goodbye video. Watching it with the fancy transitions and chill music really made it much more wholesome. Watching this give bring me news and happiness all these years made him a father\big brother for me, because he doesn't just share the news, he shares his wisdom and is really open about many things people sometimes get uncomfortable with. with that said, love you Phil, and thank you for existing, some of us wouldn't be here without the voice of reason you lent to this world.
Thank you, Phil. 💗💗
29 YEARS? TWENTY-NINE YEEEEEARS!? DID YOU MEET AS FETUSES! HOW OLD IS EVERYONE.
Thank you, I needed to hear this
Antidepressants are like crutches. Not in a bad way, just that they help you walk when you cant do it on your own. I personally am on Venlafaxine ER, Seroquel (for sleep), and Xanax.
Very wonderfully done. Inspiring. To get out of trouble with your wife and gifts. Just tell her the truth. The thing you love most is your family.
Glad at least one of us is getting help. :)
"...for 29 years" So you guys dated when you were 6?
Honestly I relate to the issues you face but man I dug a hole and that hole swolled me whole . I feel like I have lost my mind to a point where I can't ever return back to being human again .
Love u Phil!! Your videos have always brightened my day. Thanks for making me feel relatable to you since I also deal with my own mental health issues. You sure are a good role model to your kids and I wish you the best in life!
Hey Phil, it's nice to meet you again - after almost 13 years with you ^-^. Love you face <3
❤️
Woow! I started watching Phil Defranco when he had source fed, when Lindsey had her own channel where she cooked and showed us Trey and your home life. I watched Lindsey be pregnant with Carter but never got to see him past the infant/toddler stage. Wow. Trey is so big and Carter isn't just a baby anymore. You have such a lovely family and YOU are amazing Phil! Glad to see you filming something other than bad (mostly bad) or good news 😊❤
Trey is so big now :)
Yo , holy fuck you have a good quality camera 📷
You have a movie theatre in your home?
We ❤ the Defranos
Phil, thank you for being vulnerable. Thank you for being honest and true. I feel like that is something that we should to more often with each other. Be vulnerable. Because like it or not we all deal with the same issues and go through the same news cycle as you. It’s easy to turn on the tv after a stressful day and listen to your TLDR about the world and what it was doing while I was busy teaching elementary school children. But then to see this video, (and to have only known you from tour show and the (sad to say)  few a convo with), but to see your “real person” Phil and think “I relate, I understand” it was sobering to say the least. Thank you. I appreciate you and your honesty.
Tre is so cute!
Thank you.
Damn, I’m here with you man. I had a complete break down in January after my cousin died. I’m still on Lexapro, and my mental health is something that I will always need to monitor, but I’m okay with that. Life is still worth living and we can get through this.
I feel like a Like press doesn’t show how much this is appreciated. Thank you 🙏
Best part was "I don't want you!" :)
One of the best things I learned from going to therapy is how to see myself as a Human, and realize that it is okay to get help! I'm really happy that you are willing to talk about your mental health and I hope it helps others
"I don't want you!" Not to assume anything, but I'm guessing Carter meant 'I don't want you to film me'. And the fact that Phil just went "OK" and stopped just shows what a great dad he is. idk, I'm just weak for devoted fathers :3
Congratulations on finding more courage brother. I’m proud of you.
Hell yeah, Lexabros
Be kind to yourself! Love this Phil this years been shitty keep your head up!
Carter is 3?!?!? time is so weird and scary. I also casually cried at this video. I needed to hear that, thank you.
Huh. Never noticed that you got dimples before. Then again, never looked for them either.
I feel like Carter was born yesterday man ... HE IS SO BIG NOW !
Pills don’t fix things, no, but it can make things easier to manage.  It makes it easier to do what you need to do to fix things and achieve the goals you want to.  If it doesn’t work for you, then it’s okay to try something else, whether it’s another medication or ditching the meds for meditation or nutrition adjustment.  It’s about achieving the chemical balance your body/brain isn’t on its own like anyone taking an iron supplement for a deficiency or cholesterol medicine.  For me, adderall was a life changer for my adhd.  ADHD is all about underperforming dopamine receptors and it stimulates them into working properly.  Does that mean everything for me is fixed?  Fuck no.  But it’s given me the energy and ability to effectively exercise my self control that I’ve been able to build habits, motivate myself, and do things I don’t want to do.  It seems underwhelming to say but when you can’t do those things and haven’t been able to, it feels monumental.  I’ve never purged, but Phil I sympathize when it comes to the weight problem.  I gained 110 lbs and was nearly at 300 over 6 years after leaving for college up to starting my medication.  I’ve since lost 80 of those pounds in the last 2 years because binging was one of the ways I would try to stimulate dopamine production and for a long time felt like the only thing I alone could control especially with a parent that tried so hard to control my weight and singled me out for it between me and two siblings.  So with all that said: I hope the meds work out for you and if not, I hope you find something that does.  I hope that you find the work you put in to your mental health pays off because the one person who we have to live with and please forever is ourselves.  If you take care of yourself mentally, the rest of you will follow, whether directly in pursuit of bettering yourself or as a result.  Love yo face and best of luck to you. ╰(*´︶`*)╯♡
Damn, Defranco- right in the feels! Really happy to hear from YOU again. I wish you all the best man. You have a beautiful family and made an empire of new news coverage. I've been following you (on and off) since the car vlog days. Take care of yourself and make good choices.
That was some real talk right there. You are such a strong guy to be able to get up and put yourself out there to the world day by day for your family, company, channel, etc.  Find the small wins in life daily, even if it’s something small. You’re your own hero, and at the end of the day the only thing you can control is yourself (to a certain degree obviously)  Keep rocking it yo!  Happy Holidays to you, your family, and your staff!
This is sxephill now, feel old yet?
I don't think any of us pity you, Phil. If anything, we commend you, and commiserate with you, because we all have struggles, and hearing someone take on theirs gives the rest of strength to tackle our own issues. So thank you for helping us remember to listen to ourselves, and respect and honour ourselves, as we would do for any other. Stay strong you beautiful bastard!
Ive been watching for over 10 years and I’ve probably commented 6 times? I loved that. I thought about purging for the first time just last month when i hit my highest weight. Your brain can really push you in the wrong direction and I’m happy to hear you were able to recognize it. I follow Lindz on Instagram and get to see the “not so scripted” side of her so this was nice to watch from you. Keep your head up
Hey Phil! Im 256 pounds right now after losing almost 100 pounds! Im your height as well, so seeing that where Im at after great success is the worst spot some people have been really opened my eyes to the fact that I can lose more weight, I do have a little bit further to go on my journey to being fit, and I can be better! This is not a back handed compliment, I really appreciate you helping to push me, even by accident, to be a little bit better tomorrow than I am today.
This feels a bit silly to type out into the void of a youtube comments section, but: thank you. Seriously, thank you. As a guy who has struggled with an eating disorder for many years now, this really hit home. I've been in countless hospitals and group therapy programmes and mental health treatment settings for years, and each and every time, I've been the only man. This isn't me pulling a woe is me, #mensrights moment or anything! But the stigma around eating disorders is horrendous, and I'd go as far as to say even more so for men. Because it is seen as something that 'only' effects women and girls. And it's only through open conversations and dialogues like the one you've just initiated that the stigma can be broken down and worn away.   Anyway, yeah. Thank you. And I really missed these videos, and I look forward to seeing where they go in the future!
"I don't want you" If I had a dollar for every time. . .
Are you 20 or 40?
I know it's not the point of the video, but your house is super cute. Love all the different rooms and unique decor.
It’s enough to make a grown man cry 🥲
Subscribed! Like hearing this side of you!
yo NO SHOTTTTTTTTTTTTTT he is over 40 i simply do NOT BELIVE THIS
wow dude! Appreciate you sharing! not to distract, but what's the new camera?
Hello Phill I’m a long long time viewer from over in the uk. I appreciate you and what you do very much.
I had the awesome chance of meeting you when I was a teenager at the Alice Fan Event. Glad to see you’re still doing well!
Love your videos Phil. Never miss a Philip Defranco show, and haven't for years now. I appreciate your commentary and it's down-to-earth perspective. You're doing great things man, no matter how much you think otherwise :) <3
I've been dealing with an eating disorder for many many years and this year has been the hardest one yet. It's so easy to fall into old destructive habits and I appreciate you sharing your story and vulnerability so much. Thank you for being so open with us when you definitely don't have to be. We're all in this together man, take care of yourself <3
thank you for this
I sincerely appreciate the vulnerability. You have inspired me to be more honest with myself.
"I dont want you" HAHHA, Im freakin dying  xD HAHHA
Phil, thanks for being honest and open with us. We love you and appreciate you and anytime you need us we are all here for you. I've had a ton of things hit me this year and the only reason I keep moving is my 6 year old girl, especially the last few weeks when it really gut nm punched my family. I cant imagine what it is like having to weed through all the horrible news in addition to just trying to cope. Hang in there!
directed by casey neistat
Thankyou for sharing this. X
love this, thank you for opening up and sharing your self again.
Trey giggles <3
Goddamn I love you Phil, in a totally, as much as you can love a fellow human through a screen kinda way.  I dropped YT when I had kids 5 years ago and couldn't function so now that Im back I feel like Ive jumped forward through your life and see we caught up on very similar boats.   Either way, I love yo face and NICE EDITING.
sending love and peace your way!!
Holy shit Phil, what camera is this? It looks fantastic!
29 years! How old are you? You look 20!
Incredible video, this is a great video because I feel exactly what you're communicating. Thanks for sending out a good message for everyone who needs it 👍
More of this. I need more of this. The world needs more of this. Your face that is.
Phil channeling his inner Casey Neistat with this editing style!
I appreciate you
"Treat yourself like somebody you are looking after" not sure where I heard it from, but it helped frame so many things for me.
Trey is so adorable!!!!
thank you for sharing phil, i can relate so much to what you're talking about.  it's been a hard year for me too. but finding the right med routine for my depression/anxiety has been so helpful. You're right that a pill cant fix everything, but it can get you back up to a new baseline, where you actually have the energy to build healthy coping mechanisms. Its a journey but I'm learning to be kind to myself too. :)
I love you buddy. How are you all doing?
Several years ago I started intensive therapy for my OCD, which was crippling (and still is but managed) and one of the best things to come out of that is that I met a psychiatrist who listened to me, and prescribed me a medication that is a little unconventional but changed my life. But I don't want to be on a pill forever, so I continued weekly therapy, and I also went from being the worst shape of my life to being the healthiest I've ever been* by eating better and being far more physically active. Over the last several months though, I've developed insomnia, and I become lethargic and unable to focus, and I thought I was going crazy from all the stress and pressure and anxiety in my life, and my brain kept telling me, "No, it's not my fault, you're not going crazy," and I ignored it. Turns out, I should have listened to myself, because I have cancer, and had I listened to my brain, maybe we'd have found it sooner.
TalkSpace...
The ending of thought, which is the cutting at the root of the self, when there is such non-identifying attention, then does the self exist? The act of listening implies listening to the senses you can’t stop the senses but the moment I say I must have more of that begins identification.
OMG feels weird to say but look at the size of trey now n Carter is 3!! Wow time flies
Yeesssss the vloggity is back!
I got a vaginal infection from shoving decaying meat up inside it.
Beta male
I can stand being a little less lonely with ya Phil! Sounds like a good gig 😊
Love your face Phil! Thanks for all you do
I appreciate this. Thank you Phil. You have always been real, but this is solid.
Kinda weird background music
We love you Phil ❤️
Be strong and well🌼
This hits home. I've always been a heavy guy. I started weight watchers about 4 or 5 years ago. I dropped from around 265 to around 195 over a year and a half. In the last 2 years I managed to almost gain back that weight and I sit back at my highest since at 250. It's a cycle that is so hard to break and really is more mental then physical. I appreciate you opening up. I talk to a therapist weekly, have a personal trainer I've been working with twice a week, and I've really tried to make a strong effort to get back to eating healthy. Despite moving much less working from home during this pandemic. If there is one thing I can say I've re-learned recently it's to find your 'why'. Why do you want to lose weight? Why do you want to be healthy? What is your why? If you find a why that you are passionate about, that will keep you on track. Thanks again Phil. I've been with you since the early youtube days, since patreon, and now with Rogue Rocket. Keep on making the world a better, more informed place. I love yo face. - Jon
Aye man this made me wanna cry this is great
How long till you explain why you stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from your followers to start a new news show that you haven't started?
this is me reconnecting with you too. I was a regular at your main channel about a year ago and I really missed your face. So it makes me happy that you'll be popping up more in my feed. :) Btw. u used the wrong flag for Slovenia about a year ago. Just messing around, it just seems funny to me that that memory came back to my mind
We love you Phil! It's really awesome to watch you grow as a person and see you listening to who you are and what you need... Great to see a fellow human being human!
Another comment reminding you that I will never stop yelling at you to bring back movie club
yaaaayyy <3
I weigh the same as you do now but you look so good...
What a puke.  Makes me wanna vomit.
I miss Lindsey in the videos so much!
Oh man carter is 3! It feels like yesterday you announced you were having another kid...
Phil, I'm a dad of a 2 yo boy. I'm 32. I struggle with a lot of the mental and stress/depression stuff you talked about here. I also struggle with overeating and I've gained a lot of weight through emotional/stress eating. I just want to say thank you for what you said at (4:14) in this video. Hearing this coming from a successful male (roughly my age) was more powerful and impactful than I was expecting. Thanks for the encouragement.
Much love Phil. Sometimes we all need a little help to climb the steepest of cliffs. I'm glad to hear you are taking care of yourself. You're so blessed to have such a beautiful family.
Phil: “...be nicer to yourself.” Me: 😭  Not sure why that’s the reaction my body settled on.
Thank you for this. Just, really, thank you.I relate, strongly.  I'm sending you good vibes and thoughts...and I am grateful for you.
Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. For the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Hebrews 12:2   If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God. 1 John 4:15   In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus. Philippians 2:5   I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my Father’s hand. I and the Father are one. John 10:28-30   Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved. Acts 4:12   But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5   This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. 1 John 4:9   My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. John 15:12   If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9   But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect. 1 Peter 3:15   Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. Colossians 3:15
You been together for 29 years? Damn you don't even look old
I'm proud of you for coming out with this It's good to know important people feel the way I do. But Dear God please just like a trigger warning or like a headsup before you start talking about serious issues like that. Ty
I agree with Carter
Wait... 29? When did they get together?
Thank you Phil for doing this video.  I also feel very fortunate and have had depression in the past.  I believe in mental health and seeing people being the best that they can be.  Even if you don't read this im still going to say again thank you.
I genuinely hate anyone who would dislike this video. Like, why dude?
Practice self criticism with care and love. That's the tea.
Thank you.  Very much feeling the same.
Love the artistic approach Phil
This is probably one of the most common issues I’ve seen in healthcare workers that I work with. I myself dealt with binge eating/drinking when quarantine started, it can be overcome
Those camera transitions are amazing. All jokes aside I also recently decided to go back to therapy, because I think it'd be a good idea again.
a struggle is a thought you forget to realize how little others have, and how medication is not really an answer to a clean outcome, long term.
Daaaaaaamn Phil, that quality!! 😍 what camera you got there? 👀👀
Whey does Trey look SOOOO MUCH like Jimmy Fallon....?! Lindsay got some splainin' to do
Hi Phil
I know it's been awhile since I've watched but WOW! The boys got big!
Keep strong Phil. I have 2 kiddos about the same age as yours and it has been a challenge for them but kids are great adapters. Also glad to hear you are working out again, I was at my lowest this summer and started doing evening runs which really helped with stress and just total mood. When the west coast caught fire that threw a wrench into things, but let's hope next year has less of the planet on fire. In both the  literal and metaphorical sense. :)
This guy is insufferable.
It’s trendin?!! WHAAT
I fucking loved this raw feeling video.
The transitions are SO smooth
As a father of 2 boys myself I feel ya my man. I can't imagine being a person who receives and finds out about all the most fked up news in the world. I watch your videos everyday. They make me laugh because if we don't we would cry at how bad things are sometimes. Sending love and positive vibes to you and your family. Enjoy your holidays and take care of yourself. Being a father is the greatest thing that's ever happened to me. I cherish these moments that they are young (4 year old and 2 month old) because I often think of me when i was a teen and being anywhere with my dad was the last thing I wanted to do. They grow so fast haha.
haven't felt it in a few years, but man, do i miss that inherent joy that young children infect you with, like when trey was laying on phil just laughing over some silly thing, its that raw laughter thats not even over anything relevant that just lifts my spirits, maybe not everyone fills the same way, but man, i love that, i like to think there just radiating joy.
Damn. I was going to skip out on this video but man I’m glad I didn’t.
29 years?! Okay how old is mr defranco
Been watching you since 08ish and I feel like we've grown up together. Keep going Phil. 1 step at a time.
Mental health is always valid! I suffer from a lot of different mental health disorders. This year has been rough. Thank you for being so vulnerable. To anyone who sees this, I love yo face and we'll make it through 2020 stronger than ever.
This was exactly what I needed to see in so many ways. I love you, man. Keep doing what you're doing. Thank you for being vulnerable.
What a lovely video. :)
Thank you for sharing, Phil. I first started watching you when I was in third grade but haven't seen your videos in a while. This was a great video to start my day off. I am grateful for you sharing your struggles and the reminder to cut ourselves slack. I wish you and everyone else going through it the best.
You might not read this, but I just feel like I’ve dealt with some very similar issues lately, but really over the past 3-4 years. I’ve been on Lexapro years and I’m a big fan! It seems to take the edge off my anxiety so I can properly implement the coping skills I’ve learned in therapy.  Thanks for being vulnerable and I love you face.
I didn't like that much when pewds filming very close to his face, but later in this video, whilst Phil being so close to camera,    Oh! You have a very beautiful eye lashes!! I'm so envyyyyy X-D   Yep, beautiful eyes and eyelids and eyelashes deserve attention.
Love you Phil.
What kind of camera is it? Hehe
I wish I could super like this video. I haven't been as avid of a watcher in recent months, but I was happy this popped up. It felt so real, and why I started watching you in the first place. Keep advocating for the de-stigmatization of mental health it'll help so many people on this earth.
Thanks for everything, Phil.  You've become a staple in our household and a beacon of sanity in these crazy times.
Thanks Phil, I needed to hear this.
I've learned through the years that depression is a bit like being in an abusive relationship with yourself
it's so important that you shared this. It helps to know that people who inspire us also go through struggle. Thank you for your courage in sharing your vulnerability.
You’re a sweetie. ❤️
While SSRIs can help but often they only treat symptoms. I had pretty sever depression for about 8 years and it only started getting meaningfully better after taking psilocybin. Study's have shown it is 4 times more effective than SSRIs and mushrooms containing psilocybin have already been legalised  in Denver in 2019 and are now legal in Oakland and Santa Cruz because of the fantastic medical benefits along side the fact they are less harmful than alcohol. if you do end up giving it a go make sure to stop the SSRIs 1-2 weeks before hand as psilocybin works on the 5‐HT2A serotonin receptor in the brain that SSRIs meddle with. Things will get better. References: https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/news/newsroom/news-releases/psychedelic-treatment-with-psilocybin-relieves-major-depression-study-shows https://newatlas.com/health-wellbeing/psilocybin-therapy-major-depression-trial-results-johns-hopkins/ https://www.beckleyfoundation.org/psilocybin-for-depression-2/ https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6127802/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psilocybin_decriminalization_in_the_United_States#:~:text=The%20movement%20to%20decriminalize%20psilocybin,2019%20and%20January%202020%2C%20respectively.
Bro, I've never really been a not a huge fan of Drama-tube, and while you've been a fixture here for many years, I admit I'm not an avid follower, I might watch 5 or 6 of your uploads a year. That said, every single thing you've said in this video mirrors what I've gone through this year. My depression, my wife, my kids, the eating as a coping mechanism, being the unhealthiest I've ever been in my life. I feel like people seem to think that once you hit 30, you're already 100% figured life out and your character is set in stone to follow whatever trajectory you are on. It's bullsh!t, life can change in an instant, you can fall into a hole or get stuck in a rut in your 40's or 50's, and like me, you can wake up at 43 after 20 years of building a very successful career and a good life for your family and realize that you no longer recognize yourself, know who you are, or what you want anymore.  I guess what I'm saying is, if 2020 has exposed anything (everything?), it's that we're all somewhat fragile, mental health should NOT be overlooked or taken for granted, no one has it completely figured out and even though many of us feel cut off/isolated, we're not alone and we're all going through this crap.
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures.  If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead you will be saved. Please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
this gives me a very julien solomita video style and I really like how raw this was. take care man. you've been grinding so hard!
Thank you phil.
I love you so much Phil! Such an amazing video!! Loved the editing, I really like seeing this more personal side of you again :)
Just know your not alone there is a lot of people going through what you are. Just keep fighting and plz try to stop the purgeing I know your a smart guy and knows what that can do. Just know you are perfect they way you are there is a lot of people that love and care about you.
I never comment on YT videos but I just wanted to say that your videos and content has meant a lot to me for many years. I started watching you when I was 16 or 17. I was struggling with personal issues of accepting and learning to love myself and youtube was like an escape for me. I was kicked out of my home at 17 when I tried to help my mum with alcohol addiction  and had to live with my grandparents for a few years before I could land on my own feet. I kept watching your videos through the years to keep myself updated on the news, your life and other stuff like crazy floridians etc (we don't really have that kind of crazy in Sweden). It was comforting to have something in my life that was constant and reliable.  I am now 28 and my self esteem is better than ever. I watch your videos when I'm eating breakfast and it has become part of my morning routine. You've helped me without even knowing and for that I will always be greatful. I hope you find your way through your struggles. Your family and followers care so much about you and your wellbeing.
LOVE YO’ FACE, TOO!!
Than you Phil, I feel like I needed to hear this right now, everything has been a ridiculous up hill struggle
Loved that you were able to share this ! And great to meet you again, in a diffrent way! Really looking forward to seeing more of you on here!. ;-)
Thanks Phil ❤️
How is Carter already 3!?!
this is cringe.....
Thank you for sharing this with us Phil. And well done on realizing how your feeling. That must have been hard.
It is all about connection now.......congrats on feeling that and taking action on it.  I love yo  face too!
❤️
Thankyou for saying the other day that our thoughts in our heads arent who we are. my anxious brain sometimes likes to torture me. its a great thing to hear. x
29 years?...Jesus, how old are they? Or do they count being "together" from age 10?😄
Living Waters on YouTube go subscribe.
The worst thing of 2020 is .. well 2020. Stay safe people.
love you Phil :)
You old AF
Hey dude, this video slapped hard on an emotional level. I love the work you do, and I've been watching you multiple times every week for probably (damn...) 8 years now. I'm sorry to hear that you've been going through a hard time lately, although it is easy to understand considering the types of news stories you've had to cover over the course of the last year or so. However, on the bright side, I'm happy to hear that you are taking steps to acknowledge your emotions and deal with your problems it in a healthy way. Loved seeing you play with your kids, it brought back good memories of playing on the trampoline with my little brother way back when we were just kids ourselves. On another note, I loved the editing and general format of the video. Light and snappy while still allowing room for a serious topic. You hit it out of the park! I'm not sure if you'll find this comment among the currently 3.662 other comments, but if you do I hope you're doing well!
I have been watching you since the beginning and I think this is my favorite thing you have made! I have been seriously trying to work on self improvement this year, even before the big C word hit, and it’s been a struggle at times but I have noticed a huge change in my mental health. I look up to you even more now that you have talked about your own struggles!
I started Lexipro in April. This pandemic is hard for folks who already have mental health or even have never had them. I needed the extra help beyond therapy. It’s hard having routines changes and being isolated even if you are a introvert like I am. Good for you Phil for getting help.
Families are dealing with a lot of mental issues not being around others.Working from home and not going to school for the young factors in.. many want to say depression but that is often a mask for hysteria/paranoia and hate/anger.
Whoa, where'd this guy go?  I remember him.
I love your face too, Phil!
Crazy to think I watched your videos when I was 12 now I’m 24.  OG Phil
Phil!! I also started talking Lexapro for an eating disorder. It’s really scary to accept that your mind might need medicine too. But it’s worth it! A lot of people who could benefit from ssris never try them because of the stigma. I really appreciate you speaking about it so openly!  So proud of you!!
Cringy vlogging dude
Hey Phil, brave of you to share, I found it very helpful. - on a separate note do you mind me asking what camera you are using? Looks AMAZING
Would be cool if you played UFC 2 against JJ (KSI) again!
It's really nice to see someone that I watch online multiple times a week being open about their struggles. Cuz when they are similar to what I go through, it makes me feel less alone and more like I am able to persevere through it
can you do a 100 days of exercise like John Green did? I'd follow along!
The toll music is like a bit sensual 😂😂😂
Love you face too
Lindsey looking old
Thanks for sharing Philip! It’s important to talk about mental health and I admire your courage for being so open. Much love
I love just seeing Defranco just outside.
Sincerely  thank you for sharing .....I appreciate it 🙏🏻♥️🇨🇦♥️
always appreciate you keeping it real phill
Stay strong Phil. Stick to your meds. And exercise. It totally helps with the feelings mentally just exercising. But with that and meds. You will get through this. Sometimes I still have to force myself out of the damn bed but at the end of the day I feel accomplished because I didn't just lay there all day and waist my life away. You'll get through this. I'm sure you've helped many get through this last year with your vids and your personality. Now it's our turn to return the favor.  Don't hold back. The more that understand you the better, maybe someone else will reach out for help because through your video,  they see it's ok not to be ok. Stay blessed Phil and keep hugging those boys .... Before you know it, they will be grown and those years will be gone. Cherish each day.  Stay blessed.
♥
You're a good guy, Phil. (:
Phil, thank you for sharing this. As someone who also suffers with depression and disordered eating, who started taking lexapro and attending therapy regularly this year, and discovered your show this year, it's really special and moving for me that you would talk openly about this. I strongly believe it's important to discuss our struggles and remove the taboo/stigma of discussing mental illness.  It's so incredible to meet you <3
This is so much better then your bad liberal views.
Nice
0:35 29y?? Aren't you 35?? So you've been together since you guys were like 6??
sending love to you phil!
I’ve been on lexapro and it worked well for a while. A few years down the line it just stopped working so well. But be careful. Depending on your dose and your boy DO NOT miss doses if you can help it. It can cause absolutely terrible panic attacks and withdrawal syndrome symptoms. I hold it continues to work for you
This warmed my heart so much. ❤️ I’ve missed ~personal~ Phil.
Very authentic, very real. Honestly the touch of reality I like in the news you talk about. This year has been a very open ear, open mind with my friends about mental health. Definitely a big learning of myself and others I care about. We gotta all hang in there together :)
I literally asked myself to apologize to myself when part of me told me to kill myself. We’re all working through something. Thanks for sharing. We’re all here for you Phil :)
I’m the same age, height as Defranco and I gained the same amount of weight as him this year. I got an Apple Watch to exercise and I’ve been eating healthy. Glad he talked about this.
Have you heard of Abbey Sharp? She's a registered dietitian who makes vids. If your current counselor/therapist is not well trained in eating disorders, I suggest you reach to her for connections. You deserve to heal and feel whole. Always.
Thanks for sharing Phil. It’s really great
Proud of you, Phil.
This is why I'm still subscribed. Your honesty and being real really makes me smile, You have a beautiful family, and while I'm some stranger, I feel like you're a good friend. Thanks Phil.
Okay but Carter is such a diva, I love it.
Also when you find the right meds that work for you, it is a big relief to see the change and realize "wow, something was a bit off. I never knew I could feel so calm." Things become so much more manageable and coping skills become possible to utilize once finding the right medicine and dose. Always be open with your psychologist about your struggles with your medicine. It takes a bit of time to find the right dose 💜 be patient and kind to yourself
Grow the mustache out!
Mans got its own movie theater 😩
You see a guy almost every day for 12 years, and then he finally sees you.
Thank you so much for sharing, seriously. I'm sure it wasn't easy, but I hope that it truly was a weight off your chest. Hearing someone speak about their mental health struggles so candidly really feels like getting a hug rn..& hugs are pretty rare these days.
Phil thank you so much for coming out about your struggle especially with eating. I struggle with recovery and with the pandemic my depression has become a bit darker. It totally helps to hear people I relate to on a daily basis coming out about something so uncomfortable to talk about after all this time. Its hard even with loved ones constantly showing you support, but it always gives hope to see someone going through similar struggles striving each day despite the negative. Also be very careful and think about your loved ones finding you in a dire state in a bathroom.  You are stronger than your urges 💜 this is to anyone struggling as well
This video is amazing. Production value is wonderful.
Protect your mental♥️♥️♥️
Phil! Thank you for doing this. Please continue to normalize men's mental health and body dysmorphia issues. It is SO important and rarely brought to the light! I can't say thank you enough for sharing your experience.
Love your face, Phil! Stay strong, I hope you start feeling better soon :)  But also, what song is that in the background. Loving it!
Thanks for sharing mate.  It's been a HELL of a year, not only for dredging up new and wonderfully awful things for us to deal with internally, but for also exacerbating our existing or background issues too. On the surface, as the professional that you are, you've presented such a consistently strong and self-assured front - such that many of us wouldn't have known that you were dealing with a heckin awful time in your heart, hearth, and home.  But you know what? You've talked about it here, and you've obviously talked about it with your lovely wife and your own self, and have worked on YOU. That's SO important man, well done.  My own journey took me (finally, after 27-odd years...) through diagnosis and medication, and now into treatment and management, and I have to say that without the lockdown I lived her in Melbourne in Aus, I don't think I personally would be doing as well as I am now. I'm one of the VERY FEW that seem to have actually gotten mentally better through all this craziness, but that's only cos I'm a natural hermit and living an isolated life seems to suit haha   All in all, it's nice to have you here, have you back, and to have the opportunity to engage in the dialogue with you again.  Man, I should've said hi when we were standing beside each other at VidCon in 2015 before the horde suddenly appeared and accosted you - I didn't even know you were there hahaha
Which camera is this Phil?!
Omg... this just brought me to complete waterworks! You’re amazing Phil! Thank you for so many years of wonderful content. Love you. 🐻♥️✝️
I love and appreciate the honesty. And to be honest I’m going through the same thing. I lost my Dad and my weight has spiraled and now I don’t know how to stop. I don’t have insurance and can’t afford help. This is the first time I’ve said it out loud.
so happy to see you making these types of videos again phil! we love yo face💖
Still waiting on the news channel you fraud
Carter is a whole mood xD
My dude, I know this is going to sound crazy but, look to Ayahuasca healing ceremonies. A long time friend of mine has been battling all her life with severe depression and anger issues. I didn't think much of the whole Ayuesca thing until I started really learning about it through her, and then seeing the incredible change in her after she finally was able to do the Ayuesca healing. Shes not the type to believe in drugs, religion or airy-fairy crap to create lasting positive change in people's lives, but this the world, but both of us are now believers that this is a truly powerful healing experience for humanity, for those who are ready. She had her own incredible breakthrough recently at one of those ceremonies in Vista, CA. It literally has changed her entire life, her entire outlook on life, she's felt love for herself for the first time ever. It seems everything that people have been saying about it, that it's 10 years worth of therapy in a matter of a day or two, is completely true. Too much info to put into a comment section but, thought I just put this info out there for you. Either way, I hope you find your healing path in life my friend and find true, lasting inner peace. 🙏
Dammit, Phil!... Where you been???? Don't ever do that to me again!
Love you Phil! We are here for you! #beforeclocks
Looking forward to being less lonely with you Phil :') thank you
this is how we should all be, we all struggle and we all need support, we all need to help others and be that support, that is how it is supposed to be, we should all strive to be strong while recognizing we are weak so we can get to that better place we all envision thank you Phil your words mean a lot to me and I'm sure to all who saw them as well I love your face and the faces of your family keep keeping it real my fellow phil
I miss the personal level of communication. I remember when you first did a discord for the community and it was so fun to just hang out and talk. I believe i've been developing an eating disorder myself but I just don't know where to go and how to afford it.
Your energy remind me of Thomas Sanders💫💖💞😊
Nice Vessis
I watch the PDS every day it is posted.  Take care and put yourself first, family second and everything else third.  Love the show, love your take on things.  This is my daily dose of reality in a crazy world :)
Loved this, Lexapro helps me function like a normal human being. No one said a med fixes everything but it can certainly help. <3 I hope your therapy and medicine regimen go well. Thanks for helping destigmatize. It can only go up from here Philly D <3
*There's some things that WE are ALL NOT being told about the world we live in. You guys better see LINK below!!!* *We are ALL being lied too about things that are in the news lately. Don't believe me?* Jesus REALLY IS coming back this time and THEY don't want you to be ready. REPENT and get ready, everyone is worthy of His love, all you have to do is say you're sorry and make up with Him. Watch this...if you think I'm lying to you. https://youtu.be/z2wj_OhZY4w
Your the best! I been there with an ED and it sucks so bad. Glad your feeling better and thanks for being so open with your fans! Thats somthing that really touches my heart. Love you bro! ❤❤❤
His teeth look fake lol
I missed this. Nice to see you again Phil. Think this is going to ignite me to Lose an Olson Twin again. Thank you.
Lexapro squad! Rise up!
The binging and purging thing hit hard. While idk if my issue is the exact same I have struggled with my body image for most of my life. At the beginning of the first lockdown I wouldn’t leave my bed unless it was to walk my dog or to go to the washroom. I wasn’t eating at all and was barely sleeping. Then I went into a phase of over exercising and eating “healthy” which made me realize that neither of these things are healthy. Right now I’ve been beating myself up for not exercising and not eating “healthy” but I have to keep reminding myself that it’s okay to step back. Having to finish high school during the pandemic Felt like a whole year of my life just never happened. Did I graduate? Apparently. I didn’t have the opportunity to say my fair wells to many friends and teachers. I’m not a very social person but I was at a point where I thought I was gaining control of my own life. Turns out there are still many things that are out of our control. I lost family and I was forced to be everyone’s lifeboat. I’ve always been pressured into being the parent role on my family even when it comes to my own mother. I have come to terms that I’m incapable of taking on someone else’s responsibility. That is not my job.   Although I gripe, I am very fortunate to have access to food and to live somewhere that allows me to stay home. I have options and opportunities that many people will never have due to my own privilege and I am grateful for all that.
HOLY SHIT! You two have been together THAT long!? I an so happy for you two and your beautiful kids. I don't want to have children but I'm glad that you're enjoying fatherhood and feeling like they help you grow as a person and have been helping motivate you to get help. I have needed help with medication to kick my brain chemistry back into a more normal place, but I also feel similarly to you in that meds don't fix everything. I've been dealing with this year okay until recently, I've noticed myself slipping into numbness and lack of interest in things I normally enjoy so I'm starting therapy again on Friday. I also started focusing on weight loss/fitness/eating healthy a month ago and have found success in counting my calories (no restrictions on what I eat, just making sure I'm at a 300-500 calorie deficit) and asking my partner to keep his candy stash out of my reach, since I was dipping into it way too often every day while he's at work and I'm working from home. Good luck on the health goals - I believe we all can get through this, but some of us need more supports right now than in normal times.
Everybody is so damn whimpy these days
I can’t believe how old trey is...
i don’t usually comment on videos, but thank you Phil ❤️
Don't take Carter's attitude personally. All of our 3 year olds hate us.
You're still relevant?
I respect the hell out of this vulnerability. 😤
Would love to see more of your face in this way!
Dude. Been watching the channel since, like, 2010? Take care of yourself!
Oh my god Trey has gotten so big, I haven’t watched Phil in a LONG time.
Cool
Thank you so much for sharing this, hope you’re well☺️
Wow. Phil. You beautiful bastard. I hate you. I love you. Thank you. You beautiful bastard. [+]
"I don't want you!" lmao. Laughing so so hard. These kids seems great, man. You seem like a great father.
Phil that camera quality is impeccable. Also Hi again, I appreciated this video.
This has been a really big year for personal acceptance for me too, Phil. I really feel a lot more peaceful being with myself in my own head and getting to know me for who I am.
when Phil says how long he and his wife have been together and you're not sure if he's joking or bad at math
PHIIIIILLLLLLLLL!!!! I love this dude  I tend to binge my YouTube 1-2 times a week so I get like 3ish doses of Philly D at a time. So let me tell you, as the kids say,  This hit different bro 😉  I think I missed hearing from you like this dude  When you popped in the classic intro  on one of your videos a few months back, it brought me to tears out of happiness. The last comment I think I left on your channel was a few months after the 2016 election and I thanked you for being a focus point in a very rough time for me. You and your team help people dude. You’ve helped me a lot. Thank you.  I’m glad to see you tackling your vices, I’m struggling with a few my self. I work in a brewery and get free beer.  Not fucking great on the figure ...😬😬 I just need you to know for every time I’ve checked in and out of YouTube over the years you’ve been a staple for me, a pillar of stability. As crazy as that may sound lol   I love ya and everything you do. Thank you brother
Adorable family....
I think the best advise someone had told me was to take care of myself like if my five year old self  was right beside me.
Wow! Thank you for sharing how moving:’) I really feel that what you are doing is amazing talking about this! Is not usual that a man comes forward and talk about this! This helps to break the stereotypes we have about eating disorders and depression! We all have them and we need to speak out about it and ask for help! ❤️
Love the video. Wanna be friends
Dude your a cool dad!
Awww. Sending you so much love. I love your vulnerable presence.
Thank you for sharing! Its really helpful!
Ok Casey
No I am not crying.... you are crying. Thanks for sharing. Not sure why but this video hit me in the feels.
You are adorable. Congratulations on taking care of yourself. Self-care the first thing we should all do to be happier. Keep it up!!
Great use of the platform, love it
Oh my gosh, I hadn’t seen carter like...ever? Due to not watching as much anymore but I remember you sharing that he had been born those years back.
Take care of you. Love to you and your fam.
Beautiful vid. This year I got diagnosed with schizophrenia. So 2020 wasn’t just about Covid for me, but being put on medication for the first time as well. I just made a video talking about it actually. Of course my situation might be a little different than yours, but I sympathize. Do whatever you need to do Phil to have a life worth living. There is no wrong way.
Hey Phil. I am recovering from an ED as well. Thank you for sharing man. I love you tons dude and to know you’ve been feeling this way breaks my heart. Sending you all the love man.
Missed seeing you Phil, also editing is on point.
We're all in the same game just different levels dealing with the same hell just different devils
"Have you realized that most of your unhappiness in life is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself? Take those thoughts that come to you the moment you wake up in the morning. You have not originated them, but there they are, talking to you. They bring back the problem of yesterday. Somebody’s talking. Who’s talking? Your self is talking to you. Now this man’s treatment in Psalm 42 was this: instead of allowing this self to talk to him, he starts talking to himself, “Why are you cast down, O my soul?” he asks. His soul had been depressing him, crushing him. So he stands up and says: “Self, listen for a moment, I will speak to you.” (Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Spiritual Depression, 20–21)
"He's a lot" hahaha Phil 😂😂😂😂
Lmfao I tried meds first, then it didnt work.  I'm a Canadian, I'm allowed to laugh at him
Hi Phill. Thank you for sharing. I have made a decision to leave my unhealthy work situation to focus on my family. It's a hard choice but one that I had to make. I was horrible to myself for so long I believed I didn't deserve better. I do and so do you! Stay well.
I feel robbed of the linz footage!!  Fraud!
Greetings from Perú 🇵🇪
Love lexapro. Thats helped me a lot along with therapy and doing more outdoors things. Keep pushing, you got this 💜
You are amazing Phil! I love watching your channels! Keep up the good work.
As a therapist, I appreciate you talking about your experience. Many people don’t realize that eating disorders affect men, as well, and that they can get help in a space free of judgement or criticism. I hope that, though your journey may be difficult sometimes, that you find the relief you seek. ♥️
I love you phil, you make my life better, I hope you love yourself too
the pandemic has also made me do something about my depression and anxiety. I'm actually better than the last 10 years.
Hang in there phil, I hope things work out better for you.  Many people are struggling this year like you are from seeing how everything has unfolded and played out.
This made me really happy and then really sad. I missed you 2. 10 years in!
Dude, I still remember you from all the way back in 2008 with the Phillip DeFranco Show. I was in undergrad as a freshman and thought your vids were awesome. I may not be a subscriber, but it's so wonderful to have seen you grow and tune back in after randomly finding this video and just smiling. You're a happy memory and the fact that you're making even happier memories, makes me happy, man. 12 years man. Time flies by and for some reason, I don't mind 😊
35 year old Philip has been with his wife for 29 years??
TRY JESUS!
Jesus is the only one who can fill the hole in your heart. I don’t have an angle. I’m telling you this in love. God designed you with intention and purpose. You are valuable. You were built for a relationship with your Creator. Without Him you are aimless and lost and broken. You need Jesus.
You've been with your wife since you were 6!? Damn! That's commitment! GJ Phil!
I love this. We need this. I appreciate you opening up about your personal life and trying to help your audience. It DOES help. Thank you.
Keep your head up Phil!
Way to go phil!
Be unashamed! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlFV3Gd1k3w
Hey I started lexapro this year too!!
Thank you for posting this. I needed it.
Gang gang Phil, my Lexapro and my Buspar have literally saved my life. I'm in a so much better place this year than I was last year and it was honestly me getting on antidepressants that kept me from killing myself
I want a house tour. It looks great!
I’ve been following for a long time and wow seeing Trey and Carter made me realize how fast time went.  I’m not clinically depressed but I had a horrible experience during an internship. I kept feeling crazy for “not being able to handle things” turns out none of what I went through should have happened. I ended up feeling depressed, numb, hollow, etc. I wanted to stay in bed with covers over my head rather than do the work that I’ve worked so hard for.   It was reaching out to people in my life and random encounters that reminded me that I’ll be okay. Eventually, I’ll be able to talk to them about what happened. I just needed them to know that I need them to be there. That’s been easy to forget when I don’t see them all the time.
Phil man...I appreciate you sharing this. Real hard thing to do.   You want to change your health and happiness real quick: Go Keto and do some intermittent fasting...throw in some yoga too. Those 3 things have been the most transformative for me.  Love yourself brotha!
Good job Daddy Defranco
Thanks Phil. Love yo face.
My heart, spirit, and soul, are with you. Thank you for sharing Phil. Your vulnerability is beautiful and brave. You are not alone, and we all love you so much.
Sooo glad your dropped working out as a way to help. I can't tell you how many people tell me working out does nothing. It helps me! I hope both methods work for you soon!!!
😁 you'll never lose any substantial weight. Your income will not allow your brain to sacrifice. You'll die early and you'll die quick. If you try to fight it you'll only die faster.  You don't have enough money to pay for enough therapy that will ever fix you.  But lucky for you my comment is free. You're suppressed feelings will completely eat you from the inside out. You have nothing to worry about Phil because nobody gives a damn.
i felt the most connected to the PDS crew when Joe was doing vlogs. maybe i just miss him.
Thanks Phil,  I needed that. See ya at the finish line.
Thank you for being vulnerable. You are an amazing person and the world is so lucky to have you. Be kind to yourself and take care. Love you to you and your beautiful family!
PHIL! Man thank you, I love yo face! I felt so whatever the opposite of polarized by this video. Like the same man! 2020 has been a tough year!  I felt similar stressor, struggles and down time early this year! I began a similar journey 2 months ago, trying to get into better shape and up my energy level. I am proud to say that after 2 months I'm 50ish lbs down! Thank you again, you are a f*ckin goat! I and im glad unconsciously we were on a similar journey as of late and ill text you too! Support systems are phenominal! I'm around the same weight and age as you (249, 35) so let's keep the progress and make a life style change to keep us near those dear families we keep! 🥰💪👟 good job!
Thank you for talking about the uncomfortable stuff, mental health, therapy, medication, and all of it, in such a real and personal way. It matters so so much. Thank you.
So we just looked at Wikipedia, did some quick calculations, and figured out that you must have started dating your wife when you were 6. Correct?
It seems like yesterday when he introduced us to Lindsey in his old bedroom.
appreciate you Phil. I've gained so much weight this year, first time in my life. Needed this push to stop my eating binge and purges and try to be healthy instead. Therapy first maybe.
This video made me feel batter 😁
Phil thank you for being so open, you're a positive force in humanity.  Can't rain all the time.
Where do you get your music?
I really enjoyed this format of this video  reminded me of Casey Neistat but without the time lapse and drone shots,  down to earth and just having a conversation. Keep them coming..
Wow I feel old now! Seeing the boys that big. I still remember the joy I felt for you when you announced you were having Trey. Thank you so much for being part of my journey too. You along with sorcefed have helped me through some dark spots.  You’ve also really helped my English to get to the next level as someone with English as their second language. Thank you so much.
Bruh.... but how?
Phil turned into Batman on that hammock
I've been watching your show for several years now, and though I'm not terribly active the comment sections, I just wanted to pop in and say how much I appreciate everything you and your team do, and to thank you for talking about what you did in this video. I've been having similar feelings with my therapy and journey and whatnot, and to hear you talk about similar feelings really helped me not to feel so weird and alone (cliche as that soumds.) Please keep being your awesome self, and doing all the wonderful things you do, and sending lots of love to you guys's way!
Love your face Phil!💖 Also omg carter has gotten so big and I can’t handle it
This video hold such a powerful message. Thank you for everything you've done for this platform, Phil. Take care of yourself man ♥
Tre remind me of how long i've been watching Phil's channel :) I remember Sourcefed and when he was a baby! wow
Thanks for being vulnerable. Not easy but much respected!
Phil... You may not think you're in the right headspace or physical shape, you might be right. But you are a rock for so many of us. Your struggles and accomplishments influence us, your fans, in so many ways. Your show, your personality is a major part of my week. You've lifted me up many times. You've grounded me many times. And you've made me think about things I may have overlooked. And I thank you.
Wait wait wait. Phil google says your 35, and you said you and your wife have been together for 29 years. Have you been together since you were six?
That enlightenment that you feel after you've been through mental distress is very uplifting. You just seem to appreciate what you have. Thanks for sharing. ❤
LMAO this was so good. 😂 Edit: I mean in the sense that I have had the same realizations this year. It hit home. Edit edit: Your kids (like mine) brought a good smile. Thanks.
Love the editing on this
You all right phil🙏
I've been watching for almost 10 years now Phil! Grateful to have your videos :) Thank you!
Awe Tre is so big now!!!!
I love this video so much and I love you and your family, Phil. Much love.
Why you a piss 🐜
I liked this
I got the warm fuzzies from this video thanks phil 🤙🏽❤️
Pro tip: if you want to be less lonely, get off YouTube.
LOVE FOREVER THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL WORLD WHAT IN THE HELL IS WRONG WITH EVERYONE IT DOESN'T MATTER YOUR AGE OR COLOR JUST BE THANKFUL. YOU EXCITED 🏩🗽🚔🙏😇📡🇺🇸🌎🌍🌏🇺🇸🐬🏂🇬🇧🕌
Take care Phil <3  I hope in time things get better and that you and your family are all safe and well this new year.
5k’s are awesome just saying 😁
Hope everyone’s doing well through this hard time but let’s keep grind it together together can you guys Subscribe to I’ll return the love thank and let’s bless up 💙⬅️
That lasts! https://youtu.be/xosrw4Z-ZNY
Thanks for this Phil
This was truly heart warming glad you are working on yourself.
I just started crying at the end. I have been a mess since last Xmas, feeling like I have failed life.  I never thought to cut myself some slack. Just regret everything. This makes me see that anyone can suffer and anyone can also move forward and recover.  Thanks bud for some inspiration ❤️
Phil starting to look like Papa Franco
Phil. Just ... thanks man. I needed this: cuz, same. Literally same. Raising two young kids in this. Been putting off things. Depressed/however self aware. Privileged. Don’t need pity.   Thanks for being the man.  I’ll be easier on myself and post more vlogs. :) sounds good. 👌
I've pulled away from your main channel over the last couple of months due to what I perceive to be your hardest Left turn in years... I've been watching you since the beginning. I don't love you any less; I just had to distance myself from so much of the (and the wasn't only you, but you were the LAST place I thought I'd ever get it from) severe negativity toward anyone who was Right or even just had Right-leaning beliefs... because, I'm not a hardcore Republican... my middle child is trans, I raised several foster kids whose parents put them out because they were either "too difficult" or they didn't approve of their "lifestyle choices" instead of loving their children and just accepting them for who they ARE. I was raised ‘Irish Catholic Republican’... but I'm about the most liberal of the breed you'll ever meet. I love everyone for who they are, that's it... my only expectation is that you don't hurt others and do what you can in life to help others when you can. I've suffered from depression more in the past years because of my failing health. I've worked hard my whole life (holding 3 jobs at one point because I was a single mom with a house payment, car payment, and no child support), I’ve spent my life taking care of others... now, when my need for help has grown, it has become all too apparent that my lifetime philosophy of "Good Gets Good" and "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you" have been foolhardy. I'm not saying that I no longer advocate helping others, I'm just saying that I have done this for years, and over the past year, with my brother having a massive stroke that caused brain damage and us nearly going homeless several times... we had a GoFundMe for my Mom's funeral, for my brother's huge medical bills (all of which are still owed because we got a grand total of $20.00 in help)... we managed to make it with me being able to pay the minimums, but here we are at the holidays, we are now homeless after I had COVID. We tried to move south from NW Washington where we would be able to afford things better... I went so far under getting here, and I didn't even manage to get us ALL here. Thanksgiving was my first holiday apart from my middle child. They stayed behind to finish packing and move the rest of our things while we drove down in a U-Haul and RV... the RV ended up breaking down. It took all my savings, all the deposits for our new home, plus maxing out my credit and sending my accounts negative to get us to where we were supposed to stay for A WEEK until we could get into the new house. Now I don't know what I'm going to do... so, where is all this going? I know all that pain you are talking about... my kids are my only reason for getting out of bed every day. With an inoperable spinal injury, degenerative disc and connective tissue disease, fibromyalgia, RA, COPD, and severe asthma, there are many days it would just be easier to stay in bed. I don't know how we'll do it, but I know we will… somehow, someway... (I can't give up, it's not in me) ... I've got me, my brother, my uncle and two of my three kids... and eventually I'll get us ALL here in MS. If anyone does want to look up the GoFundMe it’s: gf.me/u/y78q3q or I have just made a Facebook Fundraiser: it’s facebook.com/donate/1081416808972200/ and any help at all is appreciated but not expected at this point. Love yo faces.
I recently discovered a channel called Beatrice Caruso and her weight loss journey has been very motivational when it comes to exercising!
Keep on trucking Phil! You're doing great!
Thank you for acknowledging that you need help and taking steps to help yourself! Therapy and responsible meds and exercise are all great for mental health, and are part of my personal depression-warding-off plan, too. And thanks for telling us, even though you don't have to. I think it's good for people who are struggling to know they're not alone. It's why I talk about my mental health issues openly, too.   This is precious. I love hearing dads talk about their kids.  Love yo face.
Please never delete this video
That lasts ! https://youtu.be/xosrw4Z-ZNY
Thank you so much for being so open about what you're going through right now! Talking about our mental health is still stigmatized by a lot of society, so it is really important for people to know that you can be successful while still working on your struggles! You are someone I have looked up to for a lot of my life because you are so intelligent and well spoken. It's inspiring to see that someone that I've looked up to is going through some of the same things I am.
Wonderful. I am glad you did this video. Not very many men are able to be that vulnerable. Thanks.
Regarding your eating disorder, I recommend checking out jaiden animations face reveal. It's not to teach you about eating disorders, but it's to help you get another perspective on it.
Phil for president, you are the kind of person I want to be.
watch "she doesn't love you redpill" on youtube you wont be depressed anymore
"I don't want you." the way i had to pause and process that
Keep strong Phil! We are all here for you!
The closest we've ever came to seeing sxephil with a mustache. sighh
Thank you for this, Phil. It means a lot to me to hear you talk about this.
1:16 - classic younger sibling 😌
I've been really struggling to keep my depression "at bay" the last few months. I appreciate this video so much.
This was a good video
Take it one day at a time, Phil.  Be kind to yourself, forgive yourself, and don't forget to breathe. Keep at the couch to 5k.  If you wake up and feel bad about missing a day, prioritize it the next.  You got this! One step at a time!
Been a while since I’ve watched a defranco video but damn man this really touched me. Thanks for putting this out!
Love you Phil! You ARE my NEWS GUY!
Phil I have been following you since I was in the 5th grade, now I’m a sophomore in college. Thank you so much for sharing openly your struggles (past and present). As person who has also dealt with disordered eating and mental health struggles, your honesty has always made me feel so much less alone.
I like the way you did this video, thank you so much for being real and talking to us about being more real to ourselves ♥️
" weird weird times " times love from me to you Phil ❤
Boo hoo hoo you have it so rough you have a beautiful wife to kids a wonderful career and you have a nice home you make plenty of money and you have stress who doesn't back in 1995 when I was on the job I broke my back in three places I need pain every single day of my life I wake up in the morning I have to take medicine I go to bed I have to take medicine it takes me 3 hours in order to be able to get out of bed I don't cry about it I get up I go and do what I have to do I get up like a man and I go out and I do what I have to do yes I'm awake yes I'm an older man I am almost done with your pussy this way I'm in my 60s and I get up every morning put my pants on one leg at a time just like every man does get out there and do what I have to do to keep myself going and I don't get you about it and I just go on day after day I'm not a rich man I'm just existing that's pretty that way I have to keep a little bit of money in the bank for emergencies and I'm just barely making it so let's put it to you this way you're a lot better off than a lot of people so don't feel sorry for yourself there are people out there that are a lot worse off than you and they're not complaining about being depressed I have a lot more right to be depressed it's where I can sometimes I can barely walk when I get out of bed but you take care of you
Appreciate you!
Okay now I get why you suggested us to watch this video on yesterday's (and today's) video. As someone who's also been struggling for a long time, I didn't expect you to be dealing with all of this. You mentioned depression before (but as I know way too many people with depression, specially this 2020, that didn't shock me), but man I'm sorry. I'm glad to hear you've started to notice positive changes. Even if they seem small at first, they still matter. I also wish people would talk about mental health more often. By the way, I didn't know I wasn't subscribed to this secondary channel up until now. :/ Also, stop saying those things about yourself, you've always looked good in our eyes.
Missed me some Philly D ❤️
Therapy without medication can teach you how to cope more effectively, but won't reduce the weight of illness on a person. No one should ever apologize for making sure they have the tools to function for their family and their own well being. Many people waste away in bed feeling the massive burden of mental illness destroying them but refuse medication and therapy because of stigma coming from people who don't have any understanding of what it means to struggle with mental illness.   Thanks for speaking out Phil.
PROUD OF YOU <3 <3 <3 <3  I've been right there with you.... very similarly.... and i've been turning it all around i'm very happy and grateful. glad you shared this :D :D :D
Hey, just wanted to say thank you for making this, lol I’m not in the best places right now, and sickly, kinda makes me feel better to know someone else is struggling too. Thanks for being real,
hey phil, i developed bulimia 7 years ago and finally got help 4 years ago, i'm not saying it will completely go away, because sometimes i still go back to old bad habits, but things will generally trend upward once you have help and the motivation to change, i believe in you!!!
Missed ya bud
From a father with grown up kids to a father with young kids: You're doing a great job! Keep it up because it never ends. I say that as a good thing because the older they get the less they seem to need their father all the time. But!..When it matters most to them you'll always be there for them. They will always need you even as adults.
Mmm, dad bod? Hot, lmao. 🥵🤣🤣  In all seriousness take care sir.
Sending you some love, brother. Thanks for everything that you do
what's the camera! love you Phil
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
How about you address the Doctor Mike's scandal
As someone who was just recently diagnosed with autism spectrum/asperger's, this speaks to me. Thank you, Phil
Side effects of Lexapro are a problem
Thank you!  Thank you for sharing the tough stuff.  It is hard tosay hey I am having issues even though I feel like I shouldn't. Thank you for being a great adovate for yourself & sharing how to to this in a healthy way. I love yor face!
Oh man I've been in a serious depression for a long time now but definitely worse now since all of this started. I've been trying to find a therapist but it's difficult because I'm back at work and I work during pretty much all therapist hours... But my GP did add another medication to the one that I was on and it is helping considerably.
A 60fps Phil vid is very disorienting
Top 10 Anime Characters who turn emo.  JK Phil I love you thanks for this vid hope you and your family are hanging in there!
29 years? U were 6?
How about sprinting 3 times for 100 meters?  I'm skinny fat, so I hear you.
Thanks for being honest. Eating/exercise/diet in 2020 is so difficult and I think so many are trying to figure out how to give ourselves grace during such a weird year. I work at an eating disorder center in LA and it seems like people are having a hard time finding the funds during 2020 to get help, so my impression is that a lot of people are having a hard time and trying to figure it out, and many times are trying to figure it out by themselves :( I'm so glad you found some resources and medication that is helping! I think sharing those things can help people!
29 years married? Well that math doesn't add up! 🤣
Lindsay looks amazing as usual. I would’ve loved to get some pointers on what to get the guy who doesn’t like anything. Also, Trey and Carter are so big! Where did the time go? I still remember when Trey went door to door at the Sourcefed offices in search of his dad.  I miss the more informal videos that Phil and his team used to post where it isn’t all news or crafted precisely but more loose and random. Watching the everyday vlog style video feels so refreshing compared to other content being posted. There’s no stress about remembering what happened in the last video, who are all the people, or the stress of the latest news from Trump. It’s also why people keep watching the old stuff from years ago, because they took our minds off the crappy day, week, and year we’re having.
Honestly can say I needed this and am looking forward to being able to feel some connection with you while you're gone for a break
I love this. We need more of this. Thanks for making me feel more okay about my issues by speaking out about yours
That laugh!!
Pills don't fix everything, but I'm on Lexapro and it has helped so much. Best of luck!
As always, thanks for everything you do. Love the airline safety brochure; Take care of yourself, then take care of others.   We love yo face, Phil
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
Can’t believe I first started watching this man for sexy lady of the day, crazy how far we’ve come lol
dude, i feel ya. love ya phil
Thank you Phillip.
Thank you for sharing, Phil.  Love you and we're all rooting for you to get the best support you possibly can for yourself.  Appreciate you for opening up
Aw I haven’t watched you in years! The family being shown makes me feel like you’re doing okay. I’m happy for that. Cheers to you. And cheers to you for educating me when I was younger and didn’t know where to get my news from. Go you.
Great video!!! I like the little bit of your life that you let us in and also like the 0.2 seconds of your Theater room with the stadium seating!!! HBO MAX is going to kick ass in your house!!!
Wait what camera?!
https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/food-psych-podcast-with-christy-harrison/id700512884  Highly recommend ❤️
So this made me super sick. Congrats on the 29 years!
Look at them!!! They've gotten so big! I literally just let out the longest "awww" in my life!!
Phil, I am so, so goddamn proud of you. It's a genuinely big deal that you've been able to recognise where you're at and start working towards recovering.  As an Anorexia Nervosa patient who's been branded a "lifer" and first showed symptoms at 4yo, I was pretty alarmed when you mentioned your eating disorder. They are insidious and can extremely difficult to treat, if left for too long, like mine was. The fact that you're seeking treatment at such an early stage will make ALL the difference and I'm so immensely proud of you for being able to see this monster for what it is. Eating disorders are a uniquely torturous kind of hell and how early you're able to access treatment has a huge impact on patient outcomes.  I'm also proud of you for valuing yourself and prioritising your own health and wellbeing, especially knowing that none of that comes easily for you. I've been a member of the De Franco Nation for about 8yrs now and have seen a lot of the ups and downs you've gone through over that time. You've done an impressive amount of growing and maturing as a person, over that time and I've always admired the fact that it seems like you're constantly either working on yourself or thinking about ways you could be working on yourself.  You have 100% GOT THIS. You know your YouTube fam will support you. Please do whatever you need to in order to recover from the awfulness you're currently dealing with, even if that means taking a break from YouTube for like a circuit breaker. We'll all still be here when you return.  You deserve to be a priority, especially to yourself 💖
If the eating disorder continued I wish I could see a thick phil
Basically the drugs are making you do this
Success on YT isn't a double-edged sword.  It's a juggling act with light sabers.  Ignoring the negative is nearly impossible.  Better to surround yourself with positive things to constantly distract you from the negative.  Be well Phil.
Stay weird and love yourself brother <3
Holy crap!  253 lbs?!  You don’t look like it at all.  I feel you though.  Going thru the same, eating a lot lately, gained 10 lbs since October.
Keep getting help for yourself, be healthy. I need to be Phil'd in sorta daily. Right in my mouth. Wait what... O.o I meant in a news to my brain way. :> Maybe I can overcome my mental issues as well. Doesn't look like it at the moment though.
I love this
This is my favorite DeFranco video ever. What a legend and a great person. Phil I really needed this after a shitty couple of weeks and man I totally feel you brother. My eating habits arent great and I struggle with addiction myself. Shit has been so fucking hard and my grandpa almost died from covid, but thankfully hea still here.   I hope everyone reading this has a really nice day
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake. Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he conquered death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ;  Except a gift can either be accepted or rejected..So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment; don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1432117742/ref=emc_b_5_mob_i
I'm sorry did I see shoes on the trampoline??!!? Thanks for opening up Phil, appreciate it! :)
This felt nice
carter is me avoiding my daily workout :)
I’m so happy you posted this!! You are incredible and inspiring to many. I have to say, talk therapy, being kinder to the way I talk to and about myself, plus Lexapro, has changed my life. That doesn’t mean I don’t have days I’m on the struggle bus bc I certainly have those. But they are much easier to live through.   I love yo face! 💜
I can't believe Tre's gotten so big!! I remember watching the highlights of your wedding so to see the family doing so well and having grown how they have is good to see especially in a year like this
Seeing the whole DeFranco fam again is amazing
Thank you for sharing this with us. I hope it helped you feel less on the outside. Just know you are heard, you are valid and you are loved. From one nut to another 💙
Great to have you back Phil!
Thank you, Phil, for sharing your journey and thoughts with the world.  I appreciate that you share in order to hopefully help someone going through similar things.  Love your face and thank you for providing joy to all of us <3
Thank you Phil
Thanks for this<3
I’m not gonna lie, I thought this was going to be spoken word rap or something.
I don’t even recognize myself anymore I’m so depress and because I can’t even afford a tree at my home when I work my ass all day long but my bills are just too much. My daughters deserve so much better and i think I can’t give them that 💔😔
No one really talks about eating disorders in men, even though 1 in 3 people that suffer from Eds are actually male. This usually leads to them not getting the help they need, with catastrophic consequences. Thank you for sharing with us this very personal aspect of your life! I've been bulimic from age 14 to 20, and I deeply regret not speaking up/asking for help sooner. Therapy saved my life!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Your kids remind me of my brother and I. One looks just like mom and the other just like dad (with different eye and hair colour)
Thanks!!
You been with your wife since you were six years old
How big is your house damn 😂😭
Over the last decade of my brief existence I've been able to shift from a totally "fuck me, I'm worthless so let's just get life over with" attitude to more self care and understanding, which also helps me to approach the world with a kinder, more active mindset. Watching you and listening to how you approach your personal struggles while doing your best to maintain perspective has seriously helped teach me how to do the same. I don't have a wife and kids to be my anchors in reality, but I have things like the PDS to keep me grounded.  What I'm trying to say is that you're my beautiful baby boy that reminds me that the world moves on, we just gotta do our best to move with it.  Thanks Phil.
Phil you are such a great part of my life and my son and hubby’s too. We look forward to your shows (at least the kid appropriate sections for the mini one) and you bring humor and nuance and laughter to our home, especially in years and times like these. You are fantastic and we love you. Thank you for being so honest about the struggle you are going through. Much love from Abq, NM.
Love you Phil
Hold on, what camera is this?
"I don't want you" Mood, tbh
Your kids are so old now I feel old 🙃 but I’m sure you feel the same Phil haha take care of yourself!
It's  to think about how long i have been watching you.
Sending love & support
I've been watching for years and never left a comment. This really touched me- I love you Phil! Let's keep growing together.
I don't know why but a three year old shouting "I don't want you" at their dad with a camera is so fucking funny.
Thank you so much for this personal, vulnerable, and humanizing talk. Therapy is so important and I'm happy to hear you're taking the steps to make yourself happy again. This was a great video and that camera is awesome!
My self-esteem was not ready for him to tell me to be kinder to myself. Dammit, Phil. Just punch us already
Damn bro. You really put yourself out here on this one. I love this about you. I love that you are a YouTuber that gives us real shit. We appreciate you
Needed that. I have the black cloud looming myself. The struggle is real. Hugs and support.
I like your face too Phil...
Phil. I just needed to say how proud I am of you. That you have acknowledged your struggles and bad coping mechanisms and are working on fixing it. I also see you two boys and know how lucky they are to have you as a father because you acknowledge your struggles and strive to do better. I hope some peace and healing comes to you and yours.
That was really unexpected.  Yeah, everybody be nice to yourself.  Do your best, don't neglect the necessities, but be nice to yourself.
I started lexapro a year ago, and it is perfect for me. It took awhile for me to believe that, since I was bad at taking it consistently, I convinced myself a pill could never help, and I was worried I was using a bandaid or placebo fix. And my family has never really loved medicine/doctors when I was growing up. But it really has helped, and I hope it helps you, too
Wait Idont get it... hes been postin on another channel tho?! Why hes sayin he was gone??!
I love this thank you!
Thank you for making this video. I have two girls, and I feel ALL of this very much. <3
Yes I know ur a family man and super busy but these are awesome and it would be cool to see more of this
Not sure what it says about 2020, but when he started talking about binge-eating and medicating, I initially assumed it was some old-school SXEPhil moment, in which he makes fun of influencers... you know, the ones with detox teas and “self-care” quotes... and then, like 30-40 seconds into it, I started realising he was actually serious... Never assume that you know what people go through, even when it seems like people are handling 2020 rather well...
TREY IS SO GROWNNNN
I really needed this
I think this year was the first year that I have genuinely questioned myself and my mental health. I was lucky enough to get a high school graduation but it was still... off, prom got cancelled, going to college was super scary since it was the first time I've moved away from my family like that, I started feeling super isolated in college (even from my roommates who got along much better together and I didn't feel like I fit in), I got sent home because my college didn't know how to restrict the amount of people in a dorm in the first place, and absolutely worst of all, my grandfather's cancer got worse and I couldn't see him the two weeks before he died as the chemo basically broke his brain down. My dermatophagia has gotten so much worse and I was really struggling this semester to keep my grades good since my motivation to do a lot of things outright disappeared. I have a lot of periods where I just feel down and anything will make me cry. I'm going to see a therapist in January.  Thank you for the video. I've been doubting myself for a few months now and I've just been really scared to talk about things.
You got this, man. this video showed me how I've been for the past year and I think its time to do something about my weight gain! Please, please, please! Keep posting update videos on how you're doing so I can see your progress and keep motivation! I love your show and your face!!!!
As someone who's been struggling with bulimia for years now I understand what you're going through, you're not alone. This year has been really tough for me too. It's never fully gone away for me but I notice that when I spend more time with family and friends I tend to binge/purge less.
Thanks bro!
Appreciate you Phil. Glad we can all feel a little less lonely together.
This vid is like a mix of Casey Neistat and nerdwriter...interesting. Also glad to see your opening up man. Wishing you and the fam the best!
Be well, my old one sided friend. ^_^ You may not know us, but the great majority of us, here on the other side of the looking glass, are rooting for you.
Great vid! Thanks Phil!
Appreciate your honesty. Fuck 2020.
Loving this side of you! I appreciate your vulnerability and honesty. Looking forward to more.
Thanks for sharing man! It’s been a tough year and appreciate the candidness !
HOLY TREY OLD NOW LO KEY
Stay up homie!  We appreciate what you do in delivering the dumpster fire that is daily news in this world, and we know its taxing on the spirit.  Take care of yourself.
Wait how old is Phil? Has he really been with his wife for 29years?
I hear ya on those feelings and knowing I need to do better to help myself (physically and mentally). And I also completely agree, my kids have been keeping me going. You are definitely not alone. Thanks for reminding us that we aren’t alone neither. (Also, you have a beautiful family 😊)
Who gave Trey permission to get so big
Philip you need to do this and my gift to you is this Join me on Waking Up. I'd like to give you a free month to experience the app for yourself. https://dynamic.wakingup.com/redeemMonth/10fce7   And get out more often and take a kids for walks if you can depending your area and also to mention 12 rules by jordan b peterson good book and audiobook read by himself also another thing the waking up app has a lot of ear candy for the soul worth having in the ears from time to time. Take Care Cheers
Me too. So proud of you for being vulnerable. ED is one hell of a journey but you can do it and I believe in you. 💕
Thank you Phil. Be well, stay healthy. Kick ass ❤️
We love you so much, Phil. Thank you for being here for us! We've got your back! 💖
<3 <3 <3 <3
Guys please someone tell me the name of the song in the background
WELCOME TO THE LEXAPRO GANG BROO!!!
Hopefully this helps someone. I've been studying many diets for many years, and I've come to two conclusions: 1) The only reliable way to burn fat, is to fast. 2) The primary contributor to obesity and cardiovascular disease are vegetable oils.
Love you Phil!
I am so so proud of you phil. As someone who has struggled with an eating disorder for over 10 years now, its so so hard and im immensely proud you shared and are giving yourself this compassion ♡♡
Get well soon Phil. I'm also on lexapro and it's been pretty rough but I have hope that things will get better.
Back when I started taking medication for my depression/anxiety, my therapist said that while medication isn't a miracle fix, if it's working right, it gives you a foundation to build your recovery on.
This was nice. Very refreshing.
Man its awesome. i never knew of this channel but watched your main channel since the beginning. its crazy to see all that growth in life you have!    ......i really need to do more with mine lol.
Thank you for sharing Phil, I know people say it a lot and sometimes it sounds hollow but it really is brave to put your struggles out into the wide world, especially when you have a platform. You're doing the right thing getting help, and I'm proud of you.
Thank you Phil. Thank you.
Aren't you 35?!? 29years !?! Y'all are committed
Don’t cheat
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
What the heck this is casey neistat level of video
I appreciate this so much! Can’t wait for more!
So cute! We love you so much, Phily D =)
Big love from Toronto, Canada. Love your face too.
Possibly the most genuine person on YouTube loved this videos message also the sweet edits . Nice to meet you to again after 14 or 15 years of watching lol .
Mind Med is coming
No, i wont give myself slack, i dont deserve it.   But proud of you for opening up and continuing on the path to a happieryou.  I know noone will see this but your video made me cry, cause it reminded me on how I feel like im at the bottom yet like I will fall further down, yet I dont feel like I deserve to get better or to take better care of myself.
aw phil. love ya. i hope you're doing better.
I highly HIGHLY recommend the couch to 5 or 10k apps! I used one and I've always wanted to be able to run but could never get into it or enjoy it, but with the app I started running in June of 2018 and WOW what a difference. Ive lost weight and that's great but the way my brain has healed and can handle more is so awesome! I love it. So keep it up, even those days you only get a short one in, it makes such a difference!!! ♥️
Love your face too! Thank you for sharing 💙
"Treat yourself like someone you care about."
As someone who has watched your videos since there was an ape in your intro, there's no other person I'd have rather heard this from. It's been a hard couple years for me personally. And hearing this come from you, someone I look up to, rather than a therapist or some other stranger, is honestly so much more impactful.
We all have mental health issues and struggles.  It's called being a person.
Yay Phil’s back!
Thank you, stay strong.
So so crazy seeing Trey's personality shine! I just remember him being this little bundle in Lindsey's arms and now he's kicking dinosaur ass 9 times. Damn, time flies.
3 minute's in I'm weeping. Rough day for me. I've actually lost weight lol. This year has opened my eyes to my mental instability. It's effing terrifying.
Phil as someone who has been watching you for over 10+ Years. We literally are about 2 weeks apart with our birthdays as well. Watching you go through the same stuff I have been going through makes me feel less alone. With quarantine and gaining weight again, it has been really rough on me. And watching your videos has always been a treat. I am so glad you are bringing back the vlog style again. Watching this brings me comfort and joy that I can fix things before they get to bad. I believe you in Phil and I am sure your video has inspired alot of people like myself. Love yo face. Hope to keep seeing these kinds of videos in the near future.
Everyday this year when, as a responsible citizen, I've checked the news and been utterly devastated I've at least has the small comfort of knowing Phil has been right there facepalming along side me. Cheers you beautiful bastard. To a brighter 2021.
Thank you for being you, Phil! We love your face.
thanks for being candid about your life here. it means a lot for your audience to be able to get to know the person that we rely for an important part of our day.
Thank you for being so open about your struggles Phil. I've also been having an extra hard time this year and started a new medication 👍 I feel compelled to comment because one of the things I've let slide because of how depressed I've been is keeping up with the PDS, even though I've been watching everyday for years. Still love yo face though. And I can't believe Carter is 3 already, holy cow.
Philly D you mean the world to me! lol don’t know why I said that? Damn my log for literations!
Carter being brutally honest I see.
I really appreciate your vulnerability Phil.
Much respect for your openess about your struggles. We can't work to end the stigma if we keep everything bottled up and hidden. Thanks for being open. Best of luck to your and your family on this journey.
We love a mentally well Phil! Get that growth and healing on!
I don’t know if this means anything but I’ve been watching you since YouTube had a star rating system and I still look at you for who you are I genuinely do not see your weight. Thanks for being so outspoken about things that matter especially now.
Really gotta get that whole teleportation thing under control man. Also you're awesome for sharing this.
I loved watching this. Thank you for sharing your life and feelings with us, Phil. Makes me feel a little less alone.
Thank you. I don't know why, but I needed that.
Trey is a boy. Not a baby. A child. Also Carter. Is 3?! OMG. Babehs.
Wait have Phil and Lindsay been together for that long for real because I feel old as fuck. And gullible.
Woah look at Casey Neistat over here with your  vlogging ass. Love you Phil
I would love to see more. Your vlogs and especially your wife's vlogs used to help me in the same way. You guys helped me realize my son was autistic. Him and Trey are the same age and things just were not lining up the same. So thank you for that.
As someone who is currently in the wraps of the same- and it’s truly hard for me to say it so I’m going to abbreviate it- ED... I really felt this. It seems like people don’t seem to notice or care about the issue if you’re still overweight... I feel like I have to keep going and going because it isn’t a problem to the rest of the world until I hit that threshold... and until I hit that it’s almost like I’m doing something positive for myself.
Thank you for sharing with us, Phil. We love you very much and as someone who struggled with an eating disorder in the past, I'm proud of you for addressing the issue. It's hard work and it's hard to admit when you need help, but there's nothing to feel ashamed of. We want you to feel good and live well, so thank you for taking care of yourself.
This is freaking wholesome. I feel good watching this
Thanks for just being you dude.  Your videos get me through a lot.
Aw, we love you, you beautiful bastard!!
If it helps, you can totally punch me in the throat.   Also, Lexapro saved my life. When I first started it, I likened it to how people described MDMA. I literally woke up one day and thought, "Wow! Are these what feelings are supposed to be? This kicks ass!"
much love to you, Good Sir Defranco. virtual 10 second hug to you and your adorable family.
this is such an important video. thank you for sharing this with us even though you weren't obligated to. some of this hit hard. ♡
I've missed that more personal connection as well Phil, I hope everything gets better.
As someone who feels like you made me who I am today, its a pleasure to meet again. ❤ Keep calm and BAMF on Phil!
Thank you for sharing! We are all rooting for you!
Been watching since 2008 and I know you've had your ups and downs and I think this will be really good for you. You've grown a lot as a person and I have a lot of respect for that. A pill is a crutch while you heal, and you still need to do a lot of work on your own with it. Look at it this way, if you didn't have the crutch you would lean on your loved ones too much. The crutch is a tool to help speed up the healing process, don't throw it out cause it makes you look somehow "weak", cause that's the real weak shit.
Carter’s is my son 😂😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️
"Been together for 29 years." Did you two start dating in kindergarten? She barely looks over 30. Phil looks old AF though. 😉
Thank you for sharing with us. <3
i miss you beautiful bastard 😭❤ it's nice to see you and your family again. i wish you all nothing but better days and health
Hi Phil. I appreciate you also. Take rest, stay safe, and happy ❤️️ All of you ❤️️
Oh Phil. Thank you for sharing this. And not to be creepy, but I wish you and Lindsay were my parents. Because you listen to your boys.   Related to that.... I'm undergoing intense trauma therapy. Tomorrow I take a test to see what...is wrong with me. The one that is probably going to be the first diagnoses is borderline personality disorder. And that....means my family broke me. The one thing everyone has, that makes a human...a human. And because of my past with my family.... I don't have that. They broke the fundamental thing ever person should have and...now I don't know what is real. I may not have it, only the test will tell, but everyone is kinda leaning towards it. I'm....terrified.   Thank you for sharing. It makes me feel a bit better about the test. And...thank you for being a good father and husband. As a kid....you have no idea how important and fantastic it is that you listen to your children. And don't stress about the pills, okay? See it as a means to an end. You're one tough cookie, and I don't believe you'll crumble. Thank you. Thank you. Much love to you and your family. 💜
Love your face Phil
Vulnerability is a HUGE strength. So is knowing when to ask for help. Good on you man.
i never comment but after years of watching your videos and seeing, through you, how the world gets worse and worse, i just hope you can take the time to get better, to get all the help you need and to be kind and patient with yourself. We support you and love you, sending you and the family a big virtual hug!
I love this :)
Love you, Phil!
Phil, I recently started counting my calories and am seeing some results as well! We're all in this together. Hope your new changes are making you feel better like mine are for me!
Missed you too. Miss this type of videos from you.
Would love to see you have a conversation with HealthyGamerGG, Dr. K.  Either in his format or your A Conversation With.  Stay strong and be well sir.  Love yo face.
Love ya face Phil, you and your awesome family. Thank you for the honesty. It really has been a tough year. x
I’m not crying you’re crying
This was just beautiful!❤️ and nice camera too!
Phil, I’ve been in therapy since I was ten and on medications since twelve. I am so happy to hear you discuss your experience. People are so turned off by the idea of therapy and meds that they don’t see the real help they can offer. People want to get over it or do it on their own but we have a world full of people and advancements that were created for the pursue of helping people struggling. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for being open about this. For using your platform to advocate taking care of yourself. 💗
This popped up randomly, great message. All the best in the future
Thank you for sharing, I know it's not easy but I appreciate it.
I appreciate this video and the honesty. Love you work you do Phil and I'm happy to hear you are getting help. I'll keep my comment short but I just want to say I have been dealing with something similar. And I found this video encouraging.
This video gave me hope Phil. Thank you for everything you do and how you do it. We all love you so much.
Feels ya Phil. Love yo faces Philly Family!
What does it say about me that i wanted Phi to 'threaten' me with a punch to the throat?
You're doing the text thing nowwww. Is it just like Ashton Kutchers? I hated that ish.
Loved seeing Phil with his boys, brave of him to open up about his eating disorder I know from personal experience how hard that can be.  So happy that we will be getting some vlogs ive so missed them, and also Linz wish she would vlog again.
I’ve been watching you since I was about 12. No matter the highs and lulls I have with watching YouTube I know I can always come back here and know you’re still fantastic. Thank you for being you.
Phil, as a long time watcher of your show and the many other avenues we've been blessed with, this is awesome. I too, have struggled with depression, anxiety, dread, weight issues, etc. Being open and real with yourself is honestly the first and hardest step to take. Keep moving through. This year has been rough on us all is the understatement of the century (thus far). Can't wait to see a little more of you. Happy to also share my experiences in anyway that I can if you think it would be helpful to you or anyone. :) Love your face and we'll see you tomorrow.
Been here since since backwards cap Phil. You’re a beacon of light for a lot of people mate, take care of yourself!
okay so are we just not gonna talk about the TRANSITIIONS. 10/10 phill
hey phil! been subscribed to you for around 14ish years now (since the sxephil days!). Just wanted to say that you've been an inspiration to me and that you're awesome!
Omgd!!! When you were talking about your boys, made me think a lot of my boys... I also struggle with chronic depression and this is just ❤️
Well you group... its time for us to shine, he has leaned on us and we need to pick our favorite face back up. Let's see 👀  what should happen 🤔
Love you! Thanks for this video.
Thank you for sharing some more of you!!
Didnt realize how much I missed defranco vlogs until now
I know how hard it is not only to get help, but to recognize you need it in the first place. I was 22 the first time I realized I needed help and I got turned away from psychiatric help (probably, in part, due to me being female). I was 24 the second time I tried, because my then boyfriend and now husband was distressingly worried about me. Initially, I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression, but when I was 27, I was diagnosed ADHD and starting medication for that 180'd my life. Even though my life got so much better from that moment, solving one problem has only revealed more problems. I have some kind of weird undiagnosed sleep disorder where I can just suddenly need to immediately lie down and sleep or risk passing out. It's not narcolepsy cuz I don't just drop, but it does negatively affect my life. I haven't had time to get that checked out because they need to do a "sleep survey" and I haven't had the time to do that. And, most recently, and I guess, most distressing, I've found out I have a multiple personality disorder. None of my other diagnoses has scared me as much as this one and I'm still working with my Psychiatrist and Therapist to figure out just what the exact diagnosis for this is.   tl;dr: My reason for sharing this is that I just wanted to try and let you know that mental and emotional issues often have layers, and dealing with one, may reveal another. If this happens for you, please don't get discouraged. When the hurt and fear subsides, comfort and understanding can be found in recontextualizing and understanding your past, which is just another step toward being at peace with yourself, so you can focus on the things outside of yourself that matter to you.
While you're right, a  pill won't fix everything, Lexapro is definitely the way to go. I tried many anti-depressants and it was the only one that I saw real progress.
29 years ay! Congrats brother wishin u and ur family nothing but the best budd
I have watched you since you were sxephil. Thank you for all you do. 💕
Didn’t realize how much I missed this kind of video from Phil. Love the news show, but it’s really nice to hear from him in this aspect instead of just news.
Oh man. I used to watch your show almost religiously in 2015-2017, but then stopped for the sake of my mental health because not knowing about all the terrible things felt easier. However, now I'm in a place where not knowing feels like hell, so hey Phil! I'm back! Good to see you again! And I *do* feel not-as-bad about myself struggling now that I see you're struggling too. We'll get though this one together.
💖
This is time travel bullshit. There is no way Trey is now fluent in English and Carter is that big. No. Not even possible. On the real: Sir, I have been watching you since I was in a dark place. I've thankfully since found the light. But I want you to know, you get ppl through their days. You help us. So please, if you need help, let us help you. Take care of yourself, love yourself (not just ya face), and be kind to yourself.
We love ya Phil🤍
This kid really has the ps5
Love ya Phil!! Thanks for your honesty. It was like getting a really good hug from a friend and lord knows we have had wayyyy too few hugs from friends this year.
Phil, you're great, man. So much love to ya!
It’s crazy I’m old enough to remember when your kids were born. Time flys when you’re having fun :D
You're sounding like what many many people sound like when they do LSD. Interesting comparison. Glad you're doing alright buddy. We love you.   Edit: wow, thanks. we needed that.
Thanks for making this video, Phil, and for sharing your experience and for using it to help the rest of us during this difficult year.  Just so you know, having you and your videos around has made this year better.  Thank you for that.
I’m not crying you’re crying
The last time I saw Carter he was just born!! Now I feel old!!
Wow did that hit home for me! I appreciate you taking the time and making it know that we are not alone! I two have two boys and truly make me strive to be better. I know that as a parent we are viewed as the ones that hold them up and provide for them but sometimes just them being there actually feels like they hold me up sometime!! You it and love your face!! Happy holidays to you and your family!!
Great vid Phil, thank you. Kind of off-topic, but I went back to the beginning after I watched cause I thought you said you decided to start up this vid cause of a camera you have. What cam is it that you used for this? The vid looked great!
Lexapro saved my life and my marriage
<3
Phil, you're awesome.  I relate to this 100%.  I don't usually reach out to people, but I've been watching you since around 2007 and you are by far one of my fav human beings (that I've never met, but would love to some day).  You have inspired me to seek help and get in shape as well for similar reasons.  Thank you and stay happy and healthy.
Very glad this popped up on recommended. There's a ton more I could say, but I like the idea of keeping it simple this time. Appreciate you sharing!
This is so wholesome.
Thank you for sharing
In my culture, many believe mental Heath doesn’t exist. As a doctor - everyday I fight against that very stigma. Thank you for normalizing talking about mental health 💪🏽
Love you Phil  ❤️
That trampoline footage made my heart sing ♡ Thank you so much for putting this entire video together and sharing...I have been silently struggling with depression and anxiety and am working on my inner self. Im a newly single mom of 4 children in the chaos of the world right now... my job is to keep these beautiful children happy, healthy, and thriving. Covid has taken so much from them this year...yet givin us all so much in return as our bind has grown. I wish your family well, and thank you once again for sharing,  you're not alone, im not alone ♡
Thank you so much for sharing this. Wishing you well on your journey. And, speaking from experience, pills don't fix everything, but they can certainly help in a way that makes it easier to take care of yourself.
We love you Phil!  Keep doing what you do and take care of yourself and your awesome family.  You're an amazing person.
hearing this stuff from other people helped me get through my own problems in a lot of ways and got me into therapy. Hearing it now reminds me to keep going. Thank you Phil.
Thank you
Thank you for sharing and being vulnerable with us.  ❤️
What the fuck happened to Casey niestat since when did he die his hair dark brown I Tell ya California will change a man
You’re loved and thank you for being open ❤️
I commend you for being so open about mental health issues. There is so much prejudice on mental health that it is good to break through that. Hope you'll be able to find a new balance soon.
Cross Lightsabers with me Pwease.
<3 <3 <3
AYEE LEXAPRO gang
Oh wow amazing that you are talking about this ❤️❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏👏
I rarely comment on YouTube videos but I’ve been watching your videos for a couple years now and I’ve always enjoyed your personality a lot. I hope all is well and I am boosting this for the mf Yt algorithm cause my guy needs some clout
Great vlog and dude, transition goals
Kids are so damn honest. "I don't want you". That made me laugh. SO much attitude for such a little body. :D
Phil keep this up please!
❤️❤️
I know that this was a difficult video for you to record, and even though it was actually about some of the difficult parts of your life, i actually really liked what i got from it...  Phil you've evolved from being an annoying smartass (don't worry i'm going somewhere with this), into a mature, honest, intelligent and great both father and person!  I know it has been a more natural progression in your life, so maybe you don't see it as much unless you maybe look at some of your old videos.. But i definitely see it, and i like it!   Besides all that, i'm glad that you're doing better! Keep it up! :-)
This had me in my feelings for some reason. 💜
Phil, thank you for this. Love your face and love you for just being frank about how this year ain't easy.. And that it's OK not being OK ❤️
You are one of my heroes. Thank you for talking about this. I have always been a very slim, and at times, too skinny of a person. I used to struggle to gain weight. But this year I have gained 60+ pounds. And I too am in the worst shape I have ever been in. I feel less alone and I also feel inspired now. So thank you, Phil. Truly.
Yeah... this is my old friend! we don't know each other, but we've grown together! Be well, and continue being awesome!
WOW Phil thank you so much for sharing your heart! I've been hesitant to take some meds that have been recommended to me. I really hope it makes a measurable difference in your  quality of life!
My guy! I’ve been watching you for a few years now. You are a good and honest dude. I’m sorry you’ve been burdened with depression (haven’t we all), but you are providing an essential voice sir! Consider me throat punched, DeFranco 4 LYFE!!
"I DON'T WANT YOUUUU" story of my life lol
I needed this. I'm in a similar situation. I've done the medication approach and tried well over 20 different meds, none of them worked, or the side effects were unbearable. Love yo face.
Defranco! You're not the only guy that has struggled with bulemia in the pandemic. I'm a full time pre-med student, and the stress of college combined with the social isolation has lead to a resurgence in my eating disorder too. Hang in there. It always gets better.
this feels almost like a Casey vlog... but Defranco style.  I love it. Also can relate to many of those feelings. Much love!
Oh so I’m not the only one who’s 3 year old wants nothing to do with them?!
Trey and Carter growing up so fast.
I’ve been on board with you since the beginning. I appreciate you so much and your honesty always shines a light in my day. I’m also taking Lexapro and this is only a small part of the bigger picture. Keep on keeping on. ❤️
As someone who just started watching this year and is new to the family,  Nice to meet you. I'm glad you're taking steps to take care of you. Thanks for being vulnerable. You didn't have to, but it helps during this crazy year of isolation.  Love yo face.
Thanks for sharing Phil, looking forward to the coming uploads! It honestly feels good to hear about your inner thoughts and life outside the PDS. Helps to hear that whatever people are going through this past year, there is a common ground to stand on. Love from Estonia! :)
Yeeeeesssss Phil!!!!!! I relate to the struggles you described very much and am making similar moves to invest in myself and my mental and physical health :) WE ARE GONNA DO THIS BRO FUCK DEPRESSION KICK ITS ASS
Love to you and your family! 💚
Covid has hit a second wave here in South Africa. My province has more cases than the rest of the country combined. I am isolated from all friends and family because I'm a healthcare worker and due to many colleagues becoming infected we are running on a skeleton staff. I am under immense pressure and I'm struggling to cope. And then you drop a video like this and improve my day so much that I can breathe again. You don't even know me, but I feel like we have been friends forever. You are a force for good. Please stay safe.
Welcome back
"I don't want you." I have one of those as well, and he's A LOT too. I feel you Phil, I feel you.
omg lexapro buddies :)
I thought Trey was only like three. Tell your kids to stop growing up.
Love ya phil
Been watching your show everyday for about 8 or so years, hope everything works out, take your time!!
We love you Phil! It’s been a tough year and we all need to be a little more kind to ourselves.
Health is super important! I know how hard self reflection can be.  Take a pill, talk and be honest as long as that helps you be the person YOU want to be.  Stay happy and healthy my friend and know we love your face as well.
As someone who struggles from depression/severe anxiety I appreciated this video a lot. Glad to know we aren't alone out here. I just started therapy for the first time so this gave me a lot of confidence.
Thanks Phil, long time subscriber!  Great message!!
Love you. Abundant love for you. In the fullest capacity of a healthy, non-murdery/obsessed fan of your efforts. Thank you for sharing so much of yourself and your family with us. go team. :D
<3
Philip, first, great vid, it does help your viewers reconnect with you with this rather open and honest format. Second, and you mentioned this, your a very fortunate guy. But, your also very deserving, I've watched you through the years and you've grown and gained my respect, so hats off to you and your accomplishments, well done. Lastly, your beautiful family, your kids, need you to value yourself, your subscribers need you to value yourself, don't lose sight of what you bring to your family and your subscribers. I'm happy your making headway by taking better care of yourself. proud of you bro.
Omg I can’t believe the boys are getting so big! It feels like Carter was just born yesterday; I can’t believe he’s 3 already! Thank you so much for this 💜
Love yo face Phil!!
I feel you Phil. This year has been all kinds of weird and rough and complicated. I hope you're having a lot of success making progress in your life the way you want. Physical Health, Mental Health, etc.   Would love to see more vids like this. I think we've all been kind of lonely and isolated and depressed. This year more so than ever before. And especially now during winter where the air is chilling you and the darkness positively smotheres you often from the moment you get out of bed I think its important to remind ourselves that even if we're all different, many of us still experience these things similarly, have the ssme kinds of struggles.   Stay healthy man. And stay in contact.
Ugh it's so disgusting how relatable you are. Love yo' face.
Hello Phil, thanks for sharing.
i know it must have taken A Lot to talk about these things on a public platform, but i wanna thank you for talking about ED. there's so little discussion about how ED can affect anyone and that there are hundreds of thousands if not millions of men struggling with this
Jesus phill this makes me realize how long I’ve been following you
Made my heart hurt in a good way. :')
Wait, is Carter that old now? Sheeeeeeit
I feel you Phil. I've been using Magic Mushrooms to help me along and it feels so good to be feeling better <3
I think it's really special that you, as a male, is sharing about your eating disorder. I feel like there's less talk about that, and I just wanted to say I really appreciate that.
You're the best Phil, we love your face.
*hug* ❤
Hey Phil, Glad to hear your doing better. But Im not ready top face my Demons. So Im going to support you from afar. Best of luck, im going to go away now.
This made me teary... Thank you for honesty sharing your struggles. Makes me feel less alone and pathetic...
This was very Casey Neistat-ish and I liked it. Nice way to hear from you!
Wow, maybe this is why I connect with you much ❤️ thank you for sharing I didn't know this about you
I commend the absolute fuck out of you Phil. This must have been incredibly difficult to make and I appreciate you releasing it regardless. This was the most genuine video from a "YouTuber" I have seen in.... a long fucking time. Thank you for all you do and everything you've done for us. Love yo face
I started EMDR therapy during the quarantine.
You're one of the few creators online that I can tell genuinely cares about the people in the audience, and that I think I can care about without feeling stupid, considering we're never going to meet and you'll never know my name. Despite that, I connect with you on a level that I couldn't with the vast _vast_ majority of other internet people. Goes to show what a decent person you present yourself as.
I cannot thank you enough for sharing this.  This pandemic has hit everyone differently, but hit us all nonetheless.  I finally took my own mental health seriously and sought help. A few years ago, you retweeted me and my fitness journey blog.  In the two hours I was on a plane, it blew up and I had an inbox full of messages of support and encouragement.  Thank you.  If there is anything I can do in return, I'm here.  There is a legion of support waiting to encourage you.
Its so weird having a semi-para social Fandom relationship with you Phil. I've basically been following you since diamond earring days when I was a wee baby art student. It seems like a century ago, but seeing and hearing how people like you and John and Hank Green, or Lindsey Ellis deal with the pandemic or mental stuff has had an effect. Even with me just accepting that I have anxiety and learning how to healthily deal with it and knowing it's okay to fail and to just get back up again and keep going. Thanks for sharing.
Wow.. Sxe phil to defranco family man. A decade.. And still growing strong
Don't always plan it out! This was freeing!!!!
Thanks for sharing and being so open about your own issues! It has been a shitshow here lately!  Healing energies sent your way!
I love your openness
I'm wanting to hug you ♥️
Thanks for sharing Phil. Missed  your non-news face and the genuineness of your vlogs.
Binge, binge, purge=me right now. I live with a partner that doesn’t understand but deeply respects you. We need people like you to be courageous because it makes someone like me seem less broken and less obscure. My birthday is in a week or so and free of hyperbole, this is the best gift. I am not magically healed, but I feel FAR less alone and that is half the burden.
"I don't want you." Kids are savage, man.
2020 sent my eating disorder off the charts too, man. I'm really sorry you had to go through that, and I guess will continue to at some level, but I'm so glad to see you're getting on top of it. You deserve to be well, my dude. <3 Take care
Oh Phil....I have so much to say.  Let me meassure you the medication will work. I have been on medication for depression and anxiety for years. I've tried everything, but I cannot stay ok without it. I now am comfortable with myself taking the meds, I fought it for a long time. I stopped having deep lows, crash and burn level lows! Now I have a bad day , have a cry once in a while, but it's a moment in time , not a week or a month. I'm so pleased that you are willing to try meds. The stigma keeps a lot of people from trying. This kind of video is so much fun for me to watch.  Your softer side is very appealing, and I see now that your family brings you that ability to express it.  It wouldn't hurt a bit if you found more feel good stories to end your show every now and again.  Let your softer side come out more !   Hey I'm an old lady , what do I  know.... Lol.  But I have suffered my whole life, in a huge way, because I didn't get the proper care.  More family, counseling,meds, what ever it takes.  I feel kinda proud of you right now!  This is epic.
Thank you for this.  I had noticed you gaining weight and was concerned.  I'm so glad to hear that you have taken steps to get control again.  My best advice, borrowed from the man who helped me - treat yourself as though you're someone you're responsible for helping.
omg Carter is so big now
I'll always appreciate having found your channel nearly a decade ago, Phil.
Thank you Phil, this was important.
I went through (am going through) pretty much the same thing. Failure is only if we quit trying.
This was awesome. I think a lot of us are feeling the same thing your feeling and we are all so happy to see you doing better.
Glad to see you back on this channel Phil :)! Thanks for being vulnerable and open with us, we love ya, and we're rooting for you!
The Casey influence is SO strong
Having lost my father to covid, and going through stuff (feeling like an orphan at 60), thanks for this talk :)  By the way, you and Lindsay look like a young married couple, still!
Hey Phil, been watching you for ages (OMG, it's been over ten years!), and while I don't airways agree with you, this is why I still come back. Because in your work there is still honesty. Thanks for opening up, even if it's hard. Be good to yourself.
I love you Phil.   You do inspire me.  Please do more of this!  Please .  I need this!  Covid isolation makes me crave this kind of video!
How long have they actually been together? It's not really 29 years because he's 35. So it would be more like 15 years i think?
Thanks for sharing Phil. This year has hit us hard, really hard :(
i love these and i messed them soo much, i believe im one of the OG that remembers office vlogs and your personal vlogs so seeing this is so good (:
Phil, as someone who has struggled with ED, body dysphoria, depression, anxiety, et al..I appreciate your transparency. I have loved watching your channel since 2011. You’ve helped me through surgeries, psych ward stays, losing family and friends to cancer and my own cancer diagnosis. I also just wanted to say, you inspire me to be a better human. I made an appointment to start therapy again. 💜
Best video ever!
I love you Phil! I've been watching you since like 2008 and I also have struggled with binging.   This year it seems like eating is sometimes the only way to find joy but I appreciate you sharing and I wish you the best.
Thanks for this video man, verry important, hi from the other side of the globe!
Love ya Phil!! Happy Holidays!
thank you for this video
I’ve watched ya for as long as I’ve watched youtube and I’m proud of ya man. It’s super weird to say/feel, but you’ve always felt like a friend to me, even though it’s totally one sided and we’ve never met at all lol. I’m sorry to hear you’re struggling, but I’m proud of you for being able to talk about it and the work you’ve done.
Phil, I dont personally know you, but I have been a follower of you channel for almost 9 years and I have been with you through a lot. Because of this I have this weird and unrealistic feeling that somehow I do know you xD. I love you beautiful bastard, take care of yourself, the world is a better place with you in it, but if you dont; I will come and punch in throat.
Yeeeessss I think we would all love to see more of these. Thank you for being the most honest and relatable person out there who also has a big fan base. We all love and support you with everything you do!!
You're a great dude Phil. Thank you for sharing your vulnerability with us.
Phil this was fantastic man
I’m so proud of you for speaking up Phil!!!!!
This is amazing...thank you so much...i really needed this
Why I'm I not subscribe to this??????????!!!!!!????????
The depression is real during these times. I don't normally deal with depression but with the combined pile on of not being able to find a job, our savings coming to an end and all during the holidays...I finally came to terms that I have depression.
Phil, I'm a Christian, conservative, 60-year-old Trump-supporter, and I watch your show every single day.  Surprise!  I know -- I'm not exactly your target audience. ;)  But I believe in hearing both sides to every argument, and I like how you present your side of the argument, even when I disagree with you.  Thank you for your courage in being vulnerable, in letting us see your struggles, in letting us know that having a privileged life doesn't exempt you from depression and all that goes with it.  I'm glad you're getting help, and working on getting healthy.  Please know that we're all behind you, and those of us who believe are praying for you, even though you may not believe. :) <3  Stay strong!
Thank you for being honest!!! As someone who deals with depression/anxiety it's nice to see someone with such a large base talk about their own struggles with mental health. That takes courage... And I thank you for having that courage to share your story!
Me looking at the 203 people who down voted this before the video started, okay that is about normal I guess...  Me after, TF is wrong with y'all in your lives that made you not like this? Whatever it is I wish you the best and hope it gets better!
Glad to hear you're taking care of yourself Phil. And yes, I'm pretty sure we all love your face as well!
"Oh nooo i don't know how I accidentally deleted footage." 😂😂😂
Hi Phil, I met you once when you did a live show in Vancouver back in (I think) 2013. I’ve been a long-time viewer and I watch your videos everyday. Thank you for everything you give to us. I wish you the very best as you work through these struggles ❤️
Damn Phil, I've been following you forever and have literally watched every video that you've ever uploaded bro. You're amazing and I'm in your corner man.  Best wishes, some guy in Atlanta
Alright you motivated me. I’m gonna do couch to 5k now too. (Why am I doing this when it’s 29degrees out!?)
Well guess we know who Carter loves more 😆
I like it. I look forward to more of these videos. Glad to hear you’re making strides to living well. Love ya, man. 👍🏻
Wouldn’t have recognized the-boys!
CBT is what did the trick for me. Because I don't want those kinds of meds. But I feel you. You make it a pount, in your job, to be objective, still that little voice in your head isn't objective about you eh? Try to give it a funny voice next time it speaks.  All the best
Thanks bro, been watching your channel forever and this year has been rough... thanks for talking openly because lots of us are likely depressed and sad about it lol. Also not that you should take advice from your comment section, because you shouldn’t, but I just got off of antidepressants and replace them with weed it’s been wonderful because that seems a lot less habit forming, It’s not as impactful in the moment but overall as a solution it’s been way better. Big fan of exorcise and weed Phil ya should try it!
Please keep this up.    I have missed this Phil    take care of yourself.
<3
hell ya! welcome back to vloggies! i'm so excited! we love you
It's been a hard year for everyone. I needed that Phil  Thank You.
Men get Bulimia too, no one helps them with it. So taboo
I love you man! It’s amazing that you you were able to talk about this with us and also understand what you need and doing that for yourself. Take care of yourself man
Ah I loved this. Thank you for being so real and open with us. I've gone through similar things with my health this year. This made me feel so encouraged to better myself 😌
Love you Phil! Thank you for talking about this💜💜💜
As the mom of a three year old, I really needed this. Love you Phil. Hugs to Linds too. Miss her!!!
thank you for letting us in a bit with this, phil ♥️ we love yo face!!!!!
❤
It been 3yr ,wow he was just a baby time flies. Sorry your going through all that thanks for sharing 💕 I feel like this is a hint that your news channel is going away in case it is do what you need but I do appreciate your show I never miss it right now I am locked out of my main account so I have to look for you and still I make sure I catch you
Well  done Phil:)
As someone who has struggled with an ED basically all my life, thank you for being so open and honest. It helps knowing there are many of us struggling in very similar ways, and we are not alone.
Sending you love! Take care of yourself
Thank you so much for this. I can relate to everything you said.
Thank you for normalizing the struggle with mental illness and continuing to fight in healthy ways. You have a community here that loves you. I would encourage you to stop focusing on your weight, toss out your scale, I know you have a history with disapproval of your own body, but you need to work more toward loving yourself and all that entails. Be cautious of over exercising and using that as a form of anorexia
Crazy seeing how big Trey has gotten since the old family vlog days.
Love your face. Thanks for this. 💚
Thanks phill. This means a lot.
What? You have a lower body?! 😳
Thanks for sharing! something I needed to hear..... ALSO, GREAT EDITING! Thanks for the effort put into this video and every other one.
Excellent!!!   Thank you
I appreciate your words and putting it out there for others. I have massive issues and  this year has been extremely hard mentally on me and seeing others struggle  to always helps some knowing I am not alone. It has been hard as I have been fighting for disability due to mental and physically issues for about 9 years now. before anyone says get a lawyer I have a great one the judges just keep turning me down for BS reasons. I had to stop working and go for disability because for me it was life and death to do that.
We love your beautiful face. Been fellowing you for 10 years and I love what you doo . Thank you
Thank you for your honesty.
I appreciate your vulnerability! Hoping good things for you and your family!!
Woah, this is top tier quality with an amazing message, Phil we need more of this in the world. Seriously wow, thank you
I don’t want you. merch plz
Hey man, thank you so much. I’ve been dealing with mental health and it’s been hell. Constantly feeling up and constantly feeling down. I have a counselor now and I’m trying to get better. I appreciate you helping me not feel alone and crazy. Been watching you for years and a huge watcher of the show and fan of you. So get better Phil and we can get better together. I love yo face.
getting major casey vibes from the flow of the video not in a copying way but respect
I wish I could draw the same strength from my kids. I still feel like I've let them down this year. They've, unfortunately, seen me at my very, very lowest.
It's so easy to be kind to others but not to yourself - but it's so important. Phil, you beautiful bastard, we all love yo face, so do the work & love it too <3 we got you!
It's a pretty wild feeling to hear from someone like Phil that he has an eating disorder just cause it does kinda make me feel seen as another person with an eating disorder. I can't describe it but I am kinda crying about it rn so there's that. Thanks Phil
Honest and refreshing to see a real human. Wishing you all the best from down here in Australia, take care.
💛
Trey got so big omg
Wow it’s been a long time since I’ve seen a vlog from you guys. Last time I checked in, Carter has just been born and Trey was still learning words! Also, you’ve moved!
You got this man. It's great to see that more people are open to speaking about these things openly.
*phew* am I glad that was the retirement statement I was waiting for.  But more importantly, Phil, we love you. I mean, I can't talk for 6 million strangers, but I care about you on a personal level. In this weird, parasocial thing that YouTube is.  It's great that you feel comfortable enough but also care enough about your followers to say things like this.  It's been a bitch of a year, but every time you've said you need time, I've been glad to hear it. B cause it means you're taking care of yourself. I know if I ever got to talk to you (in Aus so can't text you 😞) you would have only encouraging words for me.  Love your face right back ❤️
First, I'm also a dad of 2 boys (12 and 7). My youngest also says "I don't want you" type stuff. He is his mommas boy 100%. But my oldest is my ride or die partner. Mostly cause he is 100% my mini me.   Second, I am so glad you are being honest and open with yourself. Even more so that you see there was a problem and you've sought help. Then being open and honest with the public so people can see there are others going through it too and they like you are not alone.   Finally, I do hope you post more of these. I have watched the PDS since the Douchy Defranco days. These video's are always my favorite. They remind me that you're just a normal guy in front of a camera.  Oh and what game was Trey playing? It looks like something my little guy would love.
Why do I feel like he was speaking so directly to me
"I don't want you" hit me. My boy turns three in 2 months.  That said, my kiddos (and animal crossing) have been the only way that I held up.   The dietary struggles...feeling those too.  My kids pediatrician did my postpartum depression check and noted the not only was I having more trouble with this adjustment to my third ray of sunshine arriving in September, but across the board the number on moms she sees who develop PPD is markedly up, and she believes it is that covid already has us off balance.   I spent a majority of my pregnancy staying home and staying safe, and as it did protect me and mine from the virus, it left me feeling like I was losing out. I missed a lot of important family stuff. I delayed my 20 year HS reunion I had spent the last 6 months planning for "people who didn't even like" me, as my sister reminds me. (She is a therapist, sooo...wth?) But I had never attended one and you know...looked forward to a party (I am a good party planner. It was gonna be great) but also, maybe a lil bit, wanted to show my last 20 years where great despite all the nastiness I survived in those school years.  But as I type this, I am happy. My 2 month old little boy, Quill, is a light inbthe caverns of my mind. He has endured a lot in his little life. He has kidney issues that we will know, before the new year, if he is staring down surgery by 6 months of age to correct the issue. He will need to undergo a biiiiig batch of invasive testing...and it all spins in my mind as I stare down at this little angel who is beaming up at me like he hasn't a care in this world. He doesn't know the stress and fear of all of this. And he doesn't know how his sweet little smiles are helping me survive the worst depression of my life.  My family continues to splinter since we lost my Dad in 2017. For all his faults, he was the linchpin on sanity in this family and it has all gone the way of the dinosaur. So in this time of crisis, as we struggle and surely they do too, we cannot lean on one another the way we once had. I had siblings mad my mom stayed with us for a month when Quill arrived because she wasn't there for their needs. Only one truly had a legitimate complaint that I feel superceded my own request for aid, which was my eldest sister. (She endured the loss of her left foot to gangrene as a complication to her spina bifida, which she has fought for 3 decades, and she wasn't even supposed to live past 13, so she is a miracle truly. And she has named her leg Stumpy and is somehow surviving like a champ. I wish I had that strength.)  All said, I wanted to say "thank you" for sharing your life with us, and opening up on your own struggles. It is connection that makes us truly human, and we've been disconnected for so very long. It reminds me of that moment in Into the Spiderverse where Peter and Miles met and said "you're like me".   Subbed to this channel, as well as your main channel and many subchannels, and look forward to future chances to make a human connection, even for a few minutes.   I'm rooting for you.
Always proud of you Phil, you have a very good soul.
C25K really helped me to get started and now I run 5mi on the regular. Rooting for you Phil!
Meds don't fix everything. But they sure as hell do take the edge off the stress of existence enough for you to fix the problems around you. People talk a lot about the stigma around mental illness. There is a separate stigma around medication. It is a tool, not a magic bullet. Just like therapy is a tool. It is not the easy way out. You still have to do the work. Therapy is a shovel. Therapy and meds is like a snowblower. More effective but it still isn't going to dig you out unless you push it yourself.
I've been in therapy for four years and my life has never been better. Just popping the stigma bubble.
Phil, so you have MapMyRun? Can we be friends on there. I’m 265 right now and I’m starting to run to get back into shape.
Sending hugs
thank you so much for sharing this Phil. It's rare to hear men talk about eating disorders, so it's amazing to hear it from someone with such an audience. Wishing you and your beautiful family all the best!! So happy to have you on the internet :)
Thank you for sharing
I know this is the opposite of the support you deserve as a fellow human, but as a daily watcher, and european, I needed to google 256 pounds. No way did I put you as over 18st - your came is taking pounds off! I'm a bigger fella myself, but have taken the last three months to eat healthier with my wife. We're down almost 5 stone between us (60 pounds). I ran 5k on Sunday and I gotta say, yesterday was the best and most productive day of work I've had all lockdown. Look after you body with your mind and don't ever feel a pressure that if you can't do a video some day, that daily viewers like myself won't be there when you come back. We absolutely will, even if I still disagree with your views sometimes (not often, but damn your interpretation of the freedom of speech/Tommy Robinson story a few years back still irks me.... The banned me from your subreddit for criticising the understanding of the issue and I'm still sore on it)
This was awesome!
love you always phil ❤️
I highly recommend getting a blood panel done
Thank you for trusting us enough to be this vulnerable. Love ya, Phil!   (Love you too, Lindsay!)
It's really weird to say Phil, but I've grown up watching you for 10+ years now. I feel we've grown up together and it really sucks to see you down like this. I am glad you are making strides to be better.  Youtube use to be a place where you can make videos that make you happy to mentally unwind. And hopefully this channel gives you that avenue to do so again. Much love from Canada.
My dood Phil be having a movie theatre in his house, that youtube money.
This was a lovely video and your boys are beautiful. I hope you're doing well.
Something about Phil in natural lighting with a stubble mo' just hits different, but in a good way.
This year has been a weird year, but what I've learned more than anything is, the value of a Hug is undeniable.  - Last December I left a job of 14 years to go all in on a business I had started at the beginning of 2019. Had I known this year was going to happen I'd probably have stayed, but I keep telling myself if I can get through this year, then hopefully that means the business can weather anything thrown at it. - That last part is hard to tell yourself though, when you see the savings decreasing every month to keep you afloat. - Of course, one benefit to being in lockdown, no spending money on socialising. So the savings are going further. Makes you realise how much money you don't need to spend on life :)  - I live alone, and I live in a town where I don't know anyone, so there isn't an easy go for a walk with a local friend. This didn't really matter, or register, when work and social life were in a city centre, but lockdown rules made it all to aware how far I live from everyone I know.  - Pretty much everyone I know has been sticking to the UK tier 3 rules (which for the Greater Manchester area has been pretty much the norm all year, as they are near identical to National Lockdown rules), means very rarely seen anyone physically. At one point I saw someone's Dad randomly in the street and ended up talking to them for so long I think they probably wanted to run away lol, but good guy who gave me some time to chat for 10 minutes.  - Since February, I finally saw 'some' family for the first time in November for an hour, but most family live on the other side of the Country so no idea when we'll see each other, seems weird to be talking about meeting up earliest probably Easter.  - I've seen 3 friends this year, we went walks outside during the Summer a handful of times. But as Autumn came along and then Winter, none of us really want to be out in the rain.  - I got really ill at one point resulting in sepsis, because I hadn't been being active enough (easy to do when work is at the same desk you do any downtime activity as well), ended up in AE with a bunch of family worried because lockdown meant they couldn't come to the hospital. Fortunately, wasn't in there long, they actually wanted me out asap to minimise the chance of me being near any covid patients.  - I used to talk to my Dad pretty regularly on the phone as he lived on the South coast, but he passed away in Nov 2019. So, the year has had the addition of being weird of trying to not really come to terms with but adjusting to him not being there anymore. While I've been ok with that, it has been hard to help family who aren't coping with his loss as well, not being able to travel across the country on a whim to comfort them is tough.  - It makes you realise how much of a difference it is actually seeing people face to face is, you can do video chat etc, but it isn't the same. While I value my own space, I like my own space on my own terms :p  - As to eating disorders and depression, I totally get that. I think trying to kick food right now would be a step too far for me, plus it's been with me for probably 25-30 years. The weight is definitely up this year, and the depression is a familiar bed fellow. I'm just glad I managed to kick booze into touch 3 years ago, as I doubt I'd still be typing if I'd gone into this year needing the sauce it would have been way to easy to just drink myself away with no one around to stop me.
Thank you for being so open- it’s helpful for everyone to know they’re not alone in their feelings this year.
I missed our talks too, Phil.
Love your face, Phil. We’re the same age, and I’ve followed you since Sxephil - its been interesting to see how your world has evolved parallel to my own.
.
Thanks for this. It reflected a lot of what I'm going through in my own life and made me feel less alone.
Needed to hear this just now... mental and physical health are a bit much at the moment and hearing other people talk about checking in with themselves is just. Something I needed to hear. Thanks my guy.
Thank for sharing
One therapy acronym, DBT. It's amazing and totally saved my life.
From a person who is only a week or so older; Who has accomplished  nothing "real" in life:  Good to talk to you again! You'll be alright. Knowing and accepting what is wrong with yourself is already way ahead of most people.  Thank you for sharing. It motivates me to get therapy.
Heyhey, really needed this. Thanks man.
Your son's are so happy to have you as their father Phil. I can see it ❤️
Hang in there dear Phil, just keep on trucking and do what's good for yourself and your family <3
It's nice to meet you again too :) Thanks for sharing that, Phil, and thank you for always clueing us in on not just whats happening in the world but what your personal takes and experiences are. This definitely has helped me and I wish nothing but peace and happiness to you and your family.
Lots of love to you Phil! Glad that you are taking care of yourself and getting better!   One thing I want to note from myself, the climb to get there is usually harder than letting yourself fall, please remember that your family loves you,  that we are with you for whatever it's worth, and that it's okay to have good days and bad ones. I find that people sometimes get discouraged when they hit a rough patch on the way up and I truly hope that it won't get to you that way. I read a thing that goes something like there are days when you feel at 20% and on those days it's okay to set 20% goals. The fact that you are fighting for it in the first place means so much! Best of luck to you and we are here if you need anything.
You're such an incredible person, bro.  I know those aren't easy words for you to hear, and I relate to that, but thank you so much for doing what you do
love ya brother sending good vibes and ngl that camera is damn good.
You are definitely not alone. I have an eating disorder, too. Keep talking about it and sharing with good people. We are here for you.
Thank you for sharing Phil! I have had a binge eating/ sugar addiction for 20+ years would love to hear any resources you found helpful or tips on your healing journey! With you brother much love from the UK 🙏
As someone who has suffered with eating disorders myself im so happy to see someone like you feeling comfortable coming to the world about your issues and the facts that you are taking steps to fix it thank you for the work you do and thank you for hopefully helping to bring light to an issue that affects so many people
Been following your journey for a few years now. The way you conduct yourself, (articulate, empathetic, seeing everything as a multifacetted matter, not wavering from what you believe is right but also the willingness to change)  in every single piece of media you made public... its been a very profound inspiration on my own character journey. And though i can only speak for myself i am sure i am not alone in this. As a Dutch viewer your largely US based coverage is really not the reason to watch but your approuch to the compliacted issues is. As a silent viewer for year i just wanted to leave a little thank you for what you have put forth after seeing this vid. Stay well and cut yourself a nice big chunck of slack cause god knows you and everybody this year has earned as much.
thank you Phill
Thank you for this video.
I need to get on this YouTubing stuff
I finally was able to see a therapist for a while, you don't realize how much pent up emotions you have until somebody is willing to listen to you and give you feedback and not just brush everything you say as being weak we're making it a competition and just brush it off
I needed to hear all this. Like woke up and somehow this found me at the perfect moment.
Oh my god. Phil. More of this please !!! Its so refreshing and your personality is so interesting ! Love ya
Love the quality! what’s your camera setup on this one 😳
Me, with an on-and-off exercise routine: yep, gotta get back to that.  Appreciate you being a voice of reason, Phil :)
This was really nice
Lots of love to you Phil!! I just want to say thank you for what you do, my anxiety and depression are triggered by the normal news cycle, but I feel like I can watch you to stay informed, but you stay hopeful and positive and balance it with levity, that makes it enjoyable instead of stressful!
ED sucks. Thank you for opening up about your experience. We got this kid!
We all get down from time to time. With the way this year has been I feel well need some therapy or happy pills.  Seriously if you can't deal with stuff, get help. I finally told my doctor how I have crying in the shower moments, or sleeping all the time. She asked if I ever thought of harming myself, my answer was not yet. She than gave me a prescription for Citrapham. It helps. It doesn't make me stupidly happy, just less affected by stress. So yeah happy 💊 pills gave me a way to get through the last year. I hope you all stay happy, healthy and safe. Blessed be
ah phil <3
Loved the editing and shots in this! Also I believe in you Phil!
“I don’t want you.”
Hand in there Phil!!
Bro I hope your efforts to feel better are successful. you seem like such a nice dude and your family is so beautiful, I just hope you can find what you need to live a happy and healthy life
Definitely have stayed in bed for the majority of this year.
I want to ask for more of these videos and yet sheer amount of efforts Phil puts into all of his productions, i feel sorry for asking.. but damn the vibe in this video is def what i needed...
Thanks for sharing Phil - I agree its so important to talk about/be open with these things. I've recently stared therapy and its been hard, but ultimately something I wish I would have done sooner.
29 years... wow and wow you both look great kids are adorable.   I remember the Story of the girl who lead you on and you blew it all to go to her and Ended up basically "LOST" and at that point is where a lot of folks tip the other way.
Wow, 256lbs, you must be hella tall because I would have never ever guessed. Turns out I was a 'severe chronic depressant' for like 12 years (only 2 years of symptoms needed to qualify.) I got back from the war and just gradually felt my self change and being in my mid 20's I figured it was a normal thing. My thoughts got darker at an exponential rate and within a year of coming home, I regularly though of suicide. Many times I would hold a knife to my throat and think 'one strong swift stroke, and all of it would be over' then I would think of the aftermath and I didn't want people to have to clean up after me, or my family to go through that. So I settled on killing myself slowly with 'self medication' and figured I'd die at around 50-60 of heart disease and could then my next of kin could claim my life insurance. I spent about a decade and a half just waiting to die. That's how thought out I was at that point. I've developed chronic 'diseases' because of this along with advanced stages of tooth decay and a number of other things that you get with just waiting for death like I have to force myself to brush my teeth and shower regularly. Things that I think most people do as a habit, I have to re-learn as a habit. Because for so long I just didn't care because I just wanted to die. I would have never thought someone as successful as you could have a form of mental illness, but look at Robin Williams. For a long long time, I also could not understand how someone could be genuinely happy, like actually hole heartedly happy. I thought everyone thought about killing themselves at least a few times a week. I thought that was normal, until I got help. During one of my hangovers from self-medicating I was talking to someone in a military gaming group I'm part of (MilitaryGamers.com) and he/she pointed me towards the right direction and I realized that the only way I wasn't going to end up as a statistic or seeing my family grieve at my grave was to make the call. I did, I got help from the counselor along with the VA hospital. I took medication for at least 6 months, maybe a year. At least now I not only don't want to end my life, I look forward to the future. I'm still working on forming basic habits that I think most people already have of self care, but at least I'm headed in the right direction. You're definitely not alone Phil. Too many people out there are suffering from mental illness and the more we are open to talk about it, maybe more people will get help and know there is light at the end of the tunnel. I know I could never imagine a life with happiness for many years, but it can happen.
Phillip Neistat
miss yo face & welcome back!
From a longtime fan who feels like longtime fam: Been there, bro. Stay strong. Love yo face.
Love your face, Phil!
This hit me right in the Dad vibes. I’m a Dad of two boys and they’ve been my motivation this year as well.
The boys make me smile so much 😁😁 awwww 🥰
I have seldom wanted to hug a beautiful bastard more than I do now.
Thank you for sharing. It means a lot to us that struggle with the same issues! ♥️
I have been on medication for ADHD and depression for about 6 years now, same medication and dosage for all of that, but even I had to up my dosage this fall, cause everything was just to much now. Luckily for me, a slight increase in one of my meds was all it took, so I'm good now.  Thank you for talking about this, it helps more than you think, I've always been open about my struggles and how medicine in my case has helped, but it's hard because so many just won't talk about it. So again thank you, and I wish you All the  joy, love and comfort.
"be kind to yourself." yes. this is something my therapist says to me all the time and something I can never hear enough. thanks for sharing Phil. love to you, Lindsay and the boys ❤️
This feels so fucking fake and manufactured
Trey is so big now makes me feel old
Dude how old are you? You look like your age will be the time you are with your wife :O
VERY proud of you for sharing this.. I'm glad you are putting this out there, good luck and remember if you need support or a random on the internet to moan about this stuff I'm here as I'm sure a lot of people are. If you can please also keep us updated if it's not to much xoxoxoxox
I understand what you are going through, since that is something I feel like I have gone through many times in my life. This year alone has been crazy especially since I'm considered an essential worker at a grocery store.  I tried to make the most of it though with at least my physical health (lost 75 pounds woot!). My mental health isn't all that great though, but yours along with many other creator's videos have really made this year go a little easier for me and I greatly appreciate it. I really enjoyed this video and I hope we can see more of this side from you in the future. :)
its weird but postiviely funny how i missed yo face in this type of setting. not the vulnerability or straight-forwardness, but the fact of you just being you and presenting yourself as you are. this was the main thing that made me fall in love with you as a person (no homo) in the first place so many years ago, and although i do love the PDS, this has somewhat of a 1 to 1 kinda feeling. So yeah, i do love yo face and will be waiting for more of these!
So glad this wasn’t your exit video. Not to pile on any extra stress, but you and the voice of reason that has gotten me this far into this stressful time. You bringer of sadness!
Long distance hug to anyone going through shit right now <3
You’re doing well bud. This year has been especially hard on everyone.  I’m normally an extroverted person, always trying to put smiles on people’s faces but when COVID hit, my world changed and I became introverted.  I had 3 mental breakdowns in the past 9 months and I tried taking my own life at one point.  Having said that I’ve built up a network of good people around me, I’m getting help for my mental health and I’m trying to be kinder to myself.  You’re an awesome and genuine person Phil, so thank you for being you.
Love ya Phil, thank you. Didn't know how much I needed that.
Thank you for being so open Phil I am going through similar things and I haven’t been able to see what I’ve been going through this gives me prospectively
Love you, Phil
It’s strange, but hearing that someone whose life is a lot more put together and successful than mine has been struggling with similar issues, actually does make it easier to be kind to myself. This video hit hard, but in a compassionate way.
I packed on the weight this year. Eat the feels away.
"this camera" what camera is it? Also, I am going through a lot of what you are going through. Feel ya and thinking of ya, bud. Hang in there <3
Phil I'm crying, I am so grateful for you speaking out. I've been watching you for 15 years, probably more, and am someone who had an eating disorder for many years and have found this year so difficult for my recovery. I'm so grateful for you speaking openly xxxx
I really appreciate the honesty here, and I’d love a few more of these over Xmas. I’m going to be going through Xmas alone and I’m looking forward to it but it’s nice to have company as well. And I just realised I think watching YouTube is having company.
I dug myself outta deep depression, whenever I can see a doctor im gonna get on some medication so I wont ever be so out of balance again.
what game was trey playing?
I’m proud of you! No pill fixes everything but it’s sure does help! I would not be in such a good place mentally if I didn’t take my dose of Zoloft everyday! This was a great vlog man.
as someone who struggles with mental illness, and struggled with eating disorders for years, i appreciate this. i hope you are ok. that can be really hard on your body. i am the biggest ive ever been and its taken a lot to just ry to accept myself and not do damaging stuff to try to change it. *big hugs* we care about you.
Thanks for choosing to be real, it does help us too. Sometimes the world can be a lonely place and knowing that other humans struggle with similar struggles does dispel some of feeling isolated. I needed a reminder that I am ok to not be ok and to maybe be a little kinder to myself, I have definitely been stuck in a mental rut, so I really do appreciate the honesty of your video. Also - Holy toledo, they grow up so fast, right?!! I can't believe carter is 3 already!
🤗🤗🤗
@DeFrancoDoes Thank You for this!!  We needed it. We love to see 👀 you, and have some real talk! I completely understand all of what you've talked about. It's hard to "listen" to yourself and recognizing where your mental health is and to seek help as needed. So many people NEED to hear this message! Love Yo face! We can get through this together!
I LOVE WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS! Thank you so much for sharing with us.
As someone who used to watch Lindsay’s vlogs when Trey was a toddler and baby, I can’t believe both the boys are as big as they are already.
First time I think I've ever seen Phil with stubble. Kinda suits him
Lexapro helped me so much! No shame in taking a pill...
Your kids are adorable!! Bless them!
Hi Phil, I'm Iwan, I've been watching for close to 10 years now. Thank you for all the videos and especially this heartfelt one. Catching up on the news daily has often been the only daily highlight this year for me. Every day has been a struggle, larger than the day before and while I remain hopeful that things will get better, it is often too hard to see any light at the end of the tunnel. I will take your advice, or at least try, no idea why I am writing all this but I guess I needed to hear what you said in this video more than I could imagine, thank you.
You’re just the best, man. ❤️
"Oh no I don't know how I accidentally deleted the footage..." Haha! ROTFL!!
256.3 lbs .... How tall are you? (I'm also overweight, less than that, but probably 40-50 lbs more than I should be...)
I took prozac for a few months years ago. The way I viewed it is that it gave me the energy to help myself out. Because when your depressed even getting out of bed is a struggle let alone putting in the long, hard work that is therapy. And I’ve been depression free for 5.5 years now.
"this is uncomfortable" .... You mean the fact that this video was shot in 60fps?
we all care for u phill....hope u it gets better soon  :)
Thank you for making this, hope you'll feel better!
"I don't want you..." man are all 3-yr olds like this? Mine is...
This mans got a home theater!
I appreciate you too
Thank you! This... idk just... THANK YOU!
I notice he's actually wearing vessis!
thanks for sharing Phil, hope you're being nice to yourself today and spending plenty of time with your family <3
Thank you!
Thankyou just thankyou
Master Phil, I want to THANK YOU for sharing, tearing yourself open and with EXTRAORDINARY COURAGE reveal what’s really going on inside your being.  It is no small task to admit issues with mental Health to ones self, admit them to the ones you love, seek help with them, but to FREELY SHARE THEM ON THIS PLATFORM IS STUNNING‼️‼️‼️  I know you are good man, a great husband, a great dad, a great boss, an outstanding visionary, a savvy businessman; and now I know you to be a man of IMMENSE COURAGE‼️‼️  You should be very proud of yourself, I know I am proud you‼️‼️  I humbly thank you for this video.  Much L♥️VE to Y🤯U, your Lovely Bride, the Lady Linz, Little Man Carter, Little Man Trey‼️  BRAVISSIMO‼️‼️‼️♥️♥️♥️✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼💯💯💯🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🥃🥃🥃
Today in awesome, you!
"I don't want you" KILLED ME LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Precious boys you're raising Phil ❤️🥰
Loooooooove you. Thank you for sharing. Keep on taking care of you the best you can 💜
house tour? looks beautiful!
Lil' Phils
good on you philly much love
You are a beautiful human being and thank you for your courage
Thank you for being so vulnerable. Your courage astounds me! Hugs!!!
With the eating stuff: pandemic has been extremely difficult time for people who seek comfort and control with food. You are not alone. In the words of my therapist: it's hard, so try even harder to be kind to yourself. <3
Dude ! Thank's for sharing, wish I could be there to help. Keep bring you and do the best you can and we'll just keep listening and sending you Love and Prayers.
256lbs and you still look that good?? Im 247lbs and i got a gut and moobs .-.
I love you. You’re an angel. Thank you. Just thank you.
We love you Phil!
I don't like to leave youtube comments, but hearing you say to be kinder to myself was something that I needed to hear today. So thank you for that.
Thanks for sharing. Being kind to oneseld is harder than you imagine. Hope things keep improving for yourself.
Just got off my shift from the psych unit, looking at my schedule for my second job at another hospital while also planning study groups for nursing school... I deeply feel the depression. Just lost my dog, moved for the third time in 8 months and have no time for my self let alone my mental health. This made me cry. I think I need help
you're amazing Phil we all love you. things will get better in time.
Love you man
So either everything o the internet is lying or you're saying you've been with your wife since you were 6 years old and she was 4
We're glad that you're here, man.
we love your faces Defranco family .. it's been so long since I saw a video with the boys esp Carter ...
I know you’re probably not gonna see this, but I haven’t been able to cry or really realize how I’ve been feeling for a while now, because I was too scared tbh, but I just started balling halfway through and it feels so good. Thank you Phil so much. You helped me years ago and you helped me now. I hope you keep this going, cause we all need it :) remember to focus on yourself though! Those Kids deserve the great Dad that you are. To You and to them: Love yo Face ❤️
I actually watched this on a whim and I'm glad I did! I've been feeling awful and I really appreciate an honest perspective on reconstructing yourself after a drop.
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Well done on taking steps, Phil! Getting medicated is scary but getting help is essential. Well done! Side note: Watch out for the sexual side-effects of Lexapro. Know some folks that had to switch to Wellbutrin because of that.
Thank you for being vulnerable to many of us that constantly think we’re alone. We know we’re not but it’s so hard to speak on personal issues when everyone is hurting. Hope you continue doing better and thanks for making this ♥️
Good messages. But Phil you looking like an old man. I love you and all of your wrinkles!!
Keep it up!!!! You are not alone!!! We are here for you! Thank you for sharing such an important feeling. We can all get out of this
Thank you. P-daddy.
Hello you beautiful bastard.. I love your voice, and I hope you have/had a wonderful day. 😁
It will be good to see you more
Dude I've been watching your show for fourteen years, since sxephil was collaborating with hotforwords. Over that time I've struggled on and off with an eating disorder, bipolar, ADHD, ptsd, and really had no idea you'd been going through this. It's been a rough time, but thank you so much for sharing. Like, you were my hero. It was so cool watching a guy in Georgia, like proof that I could succeed too. I'm so glad I watched this. You're videos are always my wind down videos. I watch them every day when I come home from work. Thank you so much!
Phil's kids are so cute. "I DON'T WANT YOU!" Should be really depressing but mostly was adorable.  Just wanted to say that not to take away anything from the importance of this video. Always good when well known figures discuss their issues and normalize getting help. Going to therapy and getting on meds was one of the smartest decisions I ever made. Didn't solve everything but definitely helped get me to a better place.
I think I needed to hear this, maybe I do need to be nicer to myself
You've been part of my life for over a DECADE, and this is the first time I've felt so "connected" to you, as I'm dealing with some similar issues. We will make it through it! Love you, man.
Legend
This speaks to me in so many different ways. Thanks Phil! I need to know though. What camera is that!? So crisp
I appreciate you guys for being open with struggles! It puts out a very positive message.
If your body don't make the chemicals, or too many chemicals, store bought chemicals for either is fine. Lexapro helps me. I hope it helps you.
Love you Phil! ❤️
YOU CAN'T JUST HIT US WITH THAT SICK CAM QUALITY AND NOT TELL US WHAT IT IS PHIL
I actually really needed this  thanks Phil I feel less alone
You're on Lexapro, too? Hell yeah, SSRI Crowd turn up! #Lexabros
you need a text line or something for your overseas peoples!!!. Love your face and your fam too!!! xx
i love you and i’m greatful for you constantly
Be kind to yourself Phil and same to everyone here, as someone with a chronic illness I have to remind myself to be kind to myself. Life is hard enough so don’t be hard on yourself.
Hey thanks for sharing.  Appreciate you being vulnerable even though its uncomfortable and letting us all know that during this super weird time, we're not alone. Also, how the EFF have you and Lindsey been together for 29 years?? Didn't you just turn 35?
I was supposed to reduce down my dosage of antidepressants in March of this year. Doc says he's happy for me to stay where I am right now, this being the global situation. We all need some help and there should be no reason someone needs to suffer in silence.  If it helps, my 2019 is still worse than my 2020 :).
Is this going to be segway into bringing back the behind the scenes? Vlogs?
Glad to see these back. I was getting a bit cabin fever during all this myself. I took up so many new hobbies to stay busy and keep my mind fresh..  try not getting into a rut...
food black hole to fucking swole
Seeing trey and Carter as fully formed humans makes me feel so old
We love you Phil!
Good talk Phil! I’ve gained a lot of weight in the last 19 months after becoming a Dad. Baby #2 will be here any day now and I’m worried about what will happen to me and my family if I don’t change my course. I know that’s not the same as a mental health issue but I thank you for sharing this with us other Dads out there.
Thank you for everything. I’ve been a long time viewer, and I honestly feel....well, I’ve been feeling a lot lately. This year I lost my job as a bartender, lost a girlfriend of two years and more importantly, I lost my father. A man I was never close to for many reasons, but even with that troubled history, his death effected me in ways I wasn’t ready to deal with. I always said I didn’t need him, but we all need someone, right? And for me, that father figure kind of became you. My family never knew how to relate to me, so I stopped trying to relate to them. Instead I found my refuge in YouTube. I mean, at a certain point your family becomes who you make it, right? So, in a weird way, I’ve kind of adopted you into my own small family. That fathers day shout out you did? Yeah, that meant a lot...so thank you. Thank you for allowing me to be more comfortable with my own mental health. Thank you for helping me cope with my own weight issues. And thank you for being a beautiful bastard. I appreciate you more than you’ll ever know.
We appreciate you too. Sounds like you went through a lot at times internally. I think many of us can relate. This year has been rough - on top of all the personal things that people deal with. And it is wonderful that you are kind to yourself and your vulnerability is beautiful.
It would be cool if you and the fam did like monthly life vlogs. Love you and your beautiful family. I must say you and your family have been a voice of reason in this dark world and I appreciate all you guys do. You are vulnerable and loving. I’m excited for all you guys have planned for the future and can’t wait to see your company grow immensely successful and take the world by storm.
You got this, Phil.  Therapy and anti-depressants saved my life.... just continue doing you and keep your head up and give as much love as possible to that beautiful family.  Best wishes, man.
Awwwwww, Phil coming in with the good vlogs to fill the Casey Neistat hole in my heart. Also, thank you for opening up to us Phil. We love you so much, you beautiful bastard you.
Really glad you're getting the help you need! It's been visible on the PDS for a few months now that you were having a hard time
Stay fit, stay healthy, stay happy
"I don't want you"  Ouch, that hurt.
❤️🤘🏻
Sorry fun video but my dad died today I’m in limbo I don’t know what to do
didnt realise your youngest was already 3
Be kind to yourself!!! Why are we so damn mean to ourselves?? As I tell my students “Kiss your brains!”
Phil, I've been subbed to your channel since you lived on the beach /worked. I just want you to know that I'm proud of you with how far you've come. I will continue to support you. I will continue to watch your videos. I don't have time to watch the news so honestly your videos are my "news" thank you for keeping me up to date with certain things. Seeing this type of video brought back old memories of your old vlogs. Stay safe, keep your family safe. And much love my dude. I love yo face and I'll see you tomorrow.
This was so nice!
Gift suggestions for husband's that don't like anything.. - A retro console they grew up with - 10mm Socket.. Seriously!! - premium nice underwear - Some physical media (music on cd or vinyl) - portable car air compressor (uses car battery not 110/240v) - A nice bottle of honey mead  - $2 scratchies x10 or more  - a nice pen (eg Fisher Space Pen) - give us permission to get that next car mod... Please!!
Defranco helps so many people in life, we are here to help you phill!
One obstacle when dealing with mental health problems is accessibility to doctors. Even though I am employed and have insurance, I don't make enough to pay for the care I need. Also, I have no support from anyone. So if I was committed, there's no one to take care of my pups and I'd losing my housing. I'm stuck in a no win situation.
Hope you feel better soon man, love your work
Love you Phil! <3 That's for the vulnerability
Love your face! Glad to see you again on a more personal level. I am sorry you are struggling, but glad to see you get help. Trey got so big! He is amazing. And to see small snippets of Carter becoming a person is amazing. Love your family 💖
Thanks for giving us an update, Phil.
Thank you for using your platform to be so vulnerable Phil you are helping so many people through this video. I wish you the best on your journey to recovery and happiness!! 💛💛
Dude, in October of last year I weighed 250 lbs, and I wanted to enlist in the Air National Guard, but my height to weight ratio was well above my max weight for my height. I made some changes and started seeing a little progress in December and stayed at 240 or so. I didn’t have as much motivation as was necessary. Then as I started getting serious again, Covid and the lockdowns hit. I lost hope due to the military’s policy towards Covid infections until I listened to the audiobook version of David Goggins’ Can’t Hurt Me. That book changed my life and motivated me into a serious weight loss regimen. I’m down to 193 as of this morning with another 13 lbs to go before I can be sent to MEPS. If I can do this, anyone can. Before my weight-loss, I had back and hip pain. Just losing the weight alone has improved my health immensely.
You can conquer the world without psychotropic drugs, without antidepressants. Some people really hate those drugs.
I'm so glad you're taking care of yourself. It took me a long time to realize I needed medicine, but it's been a huge help. I'm proud of you, dude.
Love your face 💓 Thank you for being so open 🙌🏻
You never have an obligation to share with us but thank you for being so open! It's brave and it's helpful
Am I the only one that thinks Phil looks like a grown up McLovin?
Phil u rock
That has to be a joke about how long y’all been together right? I feel like this video made me realize you’re probably not the same age as me haha. Stay safe Phil. Love yo face
It's a struggle right now, more than ever. We'll get through this together. Tomorrow's gonna be a brighter day. Love ya faces Nation!
Appricate phil
Love
Aw phil
Omg best
This video felt great, I appreciate you as a human phil, thank you
First off, Phil, got damn you still got them editing skills. Transitions on point. Secondly, thanks for checking in with us! It’s amazing to see how old your sons are now! And it’s  nice to hear you’re taking more care of yourself... this year has been hell and I think many (myself included) need to do more of that.
this is STRENGTH!!!
This feels like a Phil version of Casey Neistat. Love ya Phil.
being honest with yourself and identifying issues and/or potentially harmful lifestyle choices and seeking to get help externally or internally for them is an amazingly strong thing you can do for yourself and your loved ones - I wish you and your family the best Phil - thank you for being honest about issues you deal with - I think it will really help those who love your content maybe get help if needed
Glad to hear you’re getting more health and balance in your life, Phil. Take Care.
Very important valuable video. Also will not stop thinking about the fact that Phil has a mini movie theater in his house.
Yo, I just started Lexapro too! This summer was AWFUL for me and I felt like I was coming to a line that you can't uncross and did the work needed to get help. It's nice to know that we're all still human and need help, no matter how big or small.
you are such a beautiful person, I appreciate you in my life!
This was lovely, thanks for this Phil
So grateful that you are in this world. I’m so glad you posted. I’ve missed you. You have been one of the few constants in my life since I began watching you. The way you bring the news is amazing and seeing the vulnerability of this makes me love you even more.  I was in a bad relationship for 6 years and you got me through the days I didn’t think I would. So thank you.
Dude I also just started lexapro! ive gotten really intense restless leg syndrome but Im trying to push through it. It has been a very hard year for me and everyone I know. What I've learned that's been helping is yeah being more honest with myself out loud and vulnerable. I really appreciate this video as it gives me a window into your life and helps me feel less alone in this time. Thanks for that Phil. Hope you're taking care of yourself.
Thank you.
Love this video. Hoping for more like this.
Phil, you should be proud of yourself for getting help. So many people belittle their own problems and push it down and I know more than anyone how dangerous that can get. Medication can be a godsend for those of us who need it, the same way someone could need an allergy medication or a heart medication.
Would it be rude to ask what camera Phil was using? The quality is to butteeeer.
Thank you for this. From one stranger to another, this helped me.
Love ya Phil preciate you aswell thank you for those words
Wow his a big boy I remember when he was a new born
Lol Phil you talk to us almost on a daily basis in a news show, its not like you disappeared off the face of the earth.
Thank you, Phil. I appreciate it. Thank you. Be good to yourself honey
On one hand I wish this was on the main channel because more people need to see this, but on the other hand, that place is more facts and I'm glad we got this at all. Jokes aside, this pandemic has been bad for everyone and a Deathwish on those who aren't well  I am better than who I was yesterday but that does not mean I'm happier today or more in the way of Phillip "I love your faces"
After a lot of medications that didn't work, I'm finally on one that works for me. Lamictal.   Learning to accept myself.
As someone who has struggled with an eating disorder for 14 years and lost so much because of it, I’m glad you’re getting help <3 Proud of you for opening up. You are not alone!
PHILIP!! YOU ARE SO HUMAN!! Thank you for making this, please make more as you see fit!
Love ya Phil, thank you for sharing.
We need to protective Phil at all costs. Love you, you bastard ❤️
Beautiful and important and awesome. Thanks in particular for speaking up so nuancedly about the role of medication -- an important and valid tool that people don't need to feel guilt about, but also not a fix-all in itself. Personally, finally being on ADHD meds is the reason I've been able to go back to school and start passing classes for the first time in my life, at 32. Still takes other strategies and mental/behavioral effort but it's absolutely changed my life.  Props to everyone dealing with anything in the best ways you know how, and extra love to everyone struggling with that weird confusing guilt stage about questioning the validity of your own experience and your possible need for any kind of therapy, talk or medicated or other.
I've followed you, or your show for... I dunno, probably from the early days.  I can't claim to know you, but I've seen your show change over the years. One of the big things that has kept me following your content has been you "keeping it real". You've made mistakes, but you've owned up to them and put effort in improving. You don't shy away from sharing your opinions, but you also try to make sure you've got the facts right.  I think the work you are doing is important, but even more so, it's important for you to take care of yourself. Using that as an opportunity to raise awareness to health issues,  that kinda forces you to be held accountable for what you do and say as well.  Random dudes here appreciate what you do, so I'm sure the people close to you care for you even more. Be safe. Everything comes to an end, eventually. So will this pandemic.  Take care!
Phil, this was so raw and impactful. Thank you for sharing this. I love yo face more than ever now. Thanks for being a breath of fresh air in the insanity we're all going through lately.
i really appreciate this video, i went through some similar stuff this year. it’s hard to learn how to give yourself grace. proud of u dude
Really needed that talk about giving myself slack. Thank you.
❤️
You're a good man Phil.
Lucky boi has a ps5 he doesn't even know 😂♥️👏
Oh god have I missed this!! Between ur bts with Joe and Lindsey’s old vlogs....well I may not b ur family but for quite some time u have been apart of mine (and my daughter’s inadvertently in her background noise as I was raising her) Hello my friend, u have been needed and missed and appreciated! Thank u for sharing. It’s been so hard for us. Hope u are doing better than we. 😉☺️😏
take care man
Wow, Ive been following you since college, and we are the same age. Today was the first time I ever wanted to hug you though.  Sorry for the troubles you're going through.  We love you, phil!
Thank you, so much. Depression doesn’t know if you are famous, if you have money, have a beautiful family...it just hits. We have a whole bunch of different things to fight it, it’s never just meds or therapy or etc. I am proud of you! Try a cruiser bike out, it has brought me so much joy to take relaxing bike rides! I am so thankful for people like you, that are honest because we are slowly breaking down those barriers of shame💜💜💜
Phil thank you so much for sharing. I know it was uncomfortable, but know that this hit close to home for me. The pandemic has put me in a situation not much unlike your own. Please keep being you. It matters to me, and probably alot more people. Love yo face.
as someone who has watched you daily for the past 5 or so years, i'm incredibly proud and happy that you're being vulnerable like this. wishing only the best for one of my favorite creators on this hellscape of a platform <3
Oye Phil, gracias bro! Necesitaba eso!  Te sigo desde aquellos días de tu sillón azul, lleno de angry birds, te siento como si fueras un viejo amigo. I think I need to hear myself more too. Thanks for this, it was great seeing you again. Hope to see you again soon.
👏👏👏 More videos like this please! Love the content and the editing and the mustache lol Ive been subbed since before Trey was born and it’s amazing to see your family evolve over time. You’re a great role model for your boys and I know I don’t know you but I’m proud of you and I love you and if I ever see you I’d like to give you a hug lol thank you for being so open with us
Love this Phil <3 We need more
I as someone with mental health issues can't give myself slack cause if i do i act a fool and i don't want to cause I love you all
Good for you man, Self Care has been the name of the game for this last year for me too. Much Love, Brother <3
love you endlessly phil 🖤
Thank you for sharing this Phil, for me this has been such a rough year mentally and emotionally I can honestly say even writing this I'm still going through a lot. But giving birth to my son and becoming a new parent this year makes me want to fight harder to give my son the things I didn't have and at the same time become better for myself.
Oh my God they're talking, did anybody else have that reaction after watching this video? One we watched grow up and the other were slowly watching grow up along with someone we've also seen grow up and become both a husband and a parent before our eyes. Did anyone just stop and think and go wow this is beautiful?
I really want this to be a thing. Please make more content but only content that you like but please be happy over all
I wanna take a moment to say thank you Phil. Thank you for being you. For being real and honest. Thank you for talking about your struggle with your ED (eating disorder) this is a very important topic for me as my brother struggled with an ED from the age of 11-22 until he lost his battle and passed away due to it. It is so important to be open and talk about these issues and struggles so it is more normalized and so that people can know that they are not alone and that there are so many people just like you out there. I hope you all stay safe and healthy, sending my love to you all 💕
I’m also on lexapro since the start of this year! My doctor literally prescribed it WITH meditation and yoga. You can’t just take a pill and expect it to fix everything. You have to change the language you use with yourself, you have to move and heal your body not just your mind. Thank you for your vulnerability. Suffering is not a competition. We all deserve to be cared for not just by others, but ourselves.
upsettingly I would totally text you  but here I am in scotland not able to :(
People have said this already, but Trey and Carter are so big now!  I'm glad to see they are doing well and I hope with a little help from them and Lindsay you can continue working to take better care of yourself.  Love yo face.
Wow. I did not expect you to go there.  I hope you know how much we love you.  As someone with mental health issues as well, I know how difficult days can be and I'm happy to hear you are really trying to get yourself to a better place.  I don't have kids but I rescue cats which add stressors that keep me getting out of bed.  It isn't easy work but I'm trying to find a good balance as I tend to take on more than I should.
29 years? Phil weren’t you 5?
Please please pretty please make more of these videos. Because in these its raw and not scripted and I love that. You show your humanity in these so I get to relate too them.
It’s video like these that make us feel less alone in our own struggles. Thanks, for sharing some things that have helped you manage some hardships. It means a lot to me and I’m sure so many others. Keep at it Phil!
I loved this! Thank you for sharing all of that with us. We are all in this together! I love your face
Didn’t expect “I’m in the same antidepressants as Phil Defranco” to be my new brag but here we are.
Casey?  Lol luv u Phil
You're a good man Philly D, I've been with you for about 10yrs, Wow just saying that.  I have enjoyed watching your content but also we have done some growing up together.  Seeing you with your boys and talking about them the way you are, I know that feeling as a father myself.  Thanks for being so candid about your struggles as we have all had struggles this year, I wish I would be able to let this year go but so much has happened this year, and I know I'm not alone, unfortunately, I will never be able to forget this year.  You see my younger brother died in October and my family is feeling a bit lost without him and I live a long way from them, which makes it hard.  Luckily I was able to go there and be with my parents, sister-in-law, and niece and minus the reason I was there, I was able to get a little closer to them.  I don't know why I shared that, but thanks for the inspiration to let it out, at least a little bit.  We need to burn this year to the ground...
I've watched you for 9 years and its so nice seeing the man you have become. You help millions of people everyday & try to make the best out of every situation. You deserve the life you've built yourself & your family!   You are right though we need to treat ourselves kindly. I always try to tell myself that how much would I be willing to help someone else and that you can do it for yourself too.   Love yo face Phil!
My whole life has been a hole in the ground, and this year alone has made it a deep pit. I feel like I make no progress when trying. This video showed that it is important to show self love and motivation, but I just can’t will myself to try again. So, that being said, where can a guy like me who can’t afford therapy look for self love, motivation, and therapy like things for cheap?
I have watched the PDS for a while now and I was also a big fan of The DeFranco Fam channel. I have admired you and Lindsay for so long and this is why. The both of you are so honest with your mental struggles. It really makes me, and I am sure many others, feel like I am not alone. You have a gift of making your viewers feel like you are a longtime friend having a conversation whether it be about politics, new, or mental health. As much as we are your safe space you are ours and I want to thank you for that! I hope your days gradually become easier, and remember that there is no set time limit on finding a place where you feel happy.
Alright that’s it, I’m adopting you as my internet dad
Good man
appreciate ya opening up also I realllly like this lens what is it?
Honestly Phil, you’ve felt like a friend to me since 2007. Videos like this from you remind me that yes, we are in our 30s, and yes, we can still grow at this age. Kind of feels like catching up with an old high school buddy. I’ve also been struggling with depression and eating disorders since I was younger. Thank you for your candor. Your positivity begets more positivity.
Proud of you for trying medication. I was very anti getting medicated for my own mental health for a long time and I know a lot of others are too. There's definitely no magic pill that fixes everything. I certainly don't think my meds have made me any happier but they certainly have made me feel more stable, which helps. I hope your meds support your health and don't worry about changing doses, switching meds or trying different therapies, it can take some time to find what's best for you
Hire a personal trainer you rich bastard . "they shoulda never gave you _____'s  money"
Love yo face phil!
What a cosy vid and the transitions are  s m o o t h ✨
Bro I’ll train you for free Fam 😎🤓😝🤩😎
I'm proud of you for taking the steps you need to take care of yourself.   And don't get too down on yourself about the pills.  You're right that they don't fix everything, but they can make doing the work possible.  Love your face!
I hear ya and understand. Keep up the progress Phil you can do this. Seriously, you can fucking do this dude. You may want to look into moving, you've spend quite some time under the sun and maybe some seasons will help. Cheers!
Bro, you've been such a great influence on my life and watching  you have kids has been weird to say the least as it's made me consider having children of my own. Just know, as I'm sure many have said before me, I've been watching you for a long long time, and i plan on watching you for a long time to come
Keep doing good man
i love seeing this side of Phil. It's so wholesome to remember the fact an annoying douchebag kid on the internet turned out to be a good honest human being and a family person.
I have anxiety and depression. I can simultaneously give a shit about nothing and everything all at the same time.  It's my dubious superpower. I take meds, Citalopram specifically.  It took a while to get to that one.  Amitriptyline, Zoloft, Cymbalta, there were a couple of others.  I would say it has helped, but not cured, my problems.  I can manage 90% of the time now, where around 10 years ago I was barely holding on to sanity (like at 10-15% of manageable time) and was counting the days until I could kill myself.   I will be 43 in about 30 days. I still have that little voice back there telling me how worthless I am, but I kick him in the naughty bits when he acts up so he's a lot quieter these days.
<3
This is a flippin great video to see. Take care of yourself you amazing person.
Wasn't expecting that and now I wanna do better for my self
I really appreciated this style of video,
As someone who has essentially grown up watching your videos (almost 30 myself...) seeing this vulnerable-vlog-video brings this feeling of comradery and relatability for those of us in this age group. It's that feeling of sharing your most important emotions to those you can trust and can extend a hand to, sharing those emotions in an empathetic understanding of one another.  This isn't some hyped out daily vlog, it's friends catching up and checking in on each other. Thank you for this Phil I look forward to more of these.
Hey Phil, just wanted to say I LOVE yo face, and I appreciate you being vulnerable with us.  This past week I just found out that my dad has cancer. As someone who has struggled with mental health issues, it's been very challenging balancing the needs of my family and my own. Thanks for reminding me not to be so hard on myself.  Also, if Lexapro doesn't work, I personally preferred Prozac over the two :) Best of luck to ya!
Made me tear up. Stay strong! My best advice is care for yourself with as much love and patience as you do your boys.
I just got a lot of Casey vibes with the format of this
Your the age of my children(I'm old) but it's people like you that give me hope! Thank you!
I love your face, Phil. Thanks for sharing. Also, 256?! Where do you put it?
Beautiful video Phil, thanks for sharing.
#Lexabros welcome to the club you beautiful bastard
Thanks for sharing Phil, the fact you can share and express these thoughts is a healthy thing.
I love and appreciate you for doing this. I am grateful to any influencer who will level with us and share their struggles so we know that we are not alone. I accepted that I have a chemical imbalance a long time ago, but every day living as a human being with mental illness teaches me something new. I'm so happy to hear that you reached out and got help. Thanks for all you do for us, you beautiful bastard.
Thank you so much for sharing this with us!  It really helps to know I'm not alone.
wholesome
Why did I think Phil was 25
I used to take Lexapro. It helped me a lot.  Add exercise and sleep, my life changed.   I stopped now because I just can't afford it but this video has encouraged me to at least go back to consueling again.  2020 has been rough for everyone mentally.
Boomr
Good job taking those steps to get more help, Phil. You're a strong man to ask for it, and a good man for following through.
We appreciate you!
❤❤❤
I am so very excited to see more of Phil =3 Family is cool too, but mostly Phil =P
Love this video ❤️ Love yo’ face even more xxx
I've got body dismorphia and I feel you bro.
Life is not about suffering. Thanks for the reminder ✌️
I've been watching since around 2006 but haven't been able to watch much of anything at all this past year due to insane life circumstances, including moving, parenting a toddler, crazy family things, and being pregnant. This is one of the first youtube videos I've watched in months and I'm so happy I chose this one to spend my little bit of time on. It's nice to meet you again Phil. Thanks for making this. It helped, and I hope it helped you too. I hope I get the chance to see more of your face soon.
Sup Phil! Thank you for sharing all of that with us. Your show, and all sorts of other things from Sourcefed to the Vloggity, has been part of my daily routine for the better part of 10 years now. I still remember the Monkey intro and the Megan Fox Watch. It's been amazing watching you grow as a content creator and as a human.  And with all that being said, I still love yo face, and it's great to meet you, again.
Holy shit this camera makes PhillyD seem more real of a person than he already did... Thank you.
No pity from me. 🤨 But lots of love! ❤️❤️❤️ Thank you for talking about this.  As someone suffering from major depression, I know it's hard to open up to others, especially if people normally only see your energetic side and may tend to not believe that you're even struggling.  I'm glad you're getting help. You've got this! Love your face - and your family's faces, too. 🤗
Was this video shot with my eyes?
I love the editing in this video 😍
love you ❤️
Thanks phil for checking up on us. We love you
Holy shit. I didn't realize how much I missed the Defranco vlogs. Been following since the early 2010s. Enjoyed your content and perspectives on a lot of different topics, and saw you grow as a person, which also in a way inspired me to grow as a person. Hope you keep fighting the good fight, whatever that happens to be on any given day. Best wishes.
Depression and eating disorders of all kinds are so tough to deal with and they do not discriminate whether you're rich or poor.  I truly hope though, that with your wealth of resources, you are able to access the assistance that is required for your journey of healing.  I'm very proud of you for talking about this and hope it inspires others who might be going through similar issues to take their life into their hands and get help. xx
wow, sending you so much love phil <3
I fucking love you Phil.
Thanks Phil!
I'm literally only like 30 seconds in and I already love this so much, I miss seeing a more casual side of Phil and stuff since the office blogs stopped. Also that editing is awesome xD
holy moly this camera quality tho.
Being "privileged" doesn't mean you can't be depressed. I feel the same way about that as to the people who tell me to "just snap out of it". People need to understand the disease and that it can hit ANYONE. There's a reason we use the phrase "I suffer from depression"
Thank you so much phil. Fukn love you 🍻💯😓
Hey, could you possibly put a content warning in the description for this video? I came from your recent PDS without realising what it would be about.
Just know, I've been loving yo face for over a decade now. And it ain't gonna change any time soon. Love you, Phil. We support you.
Lexapro has been amazing for my anxiety. It was snowballing really badly. It got really bad after first taking it too, but then everything slowly calmed down. Now I feel like myself. Still get anxiety, but normal anxiety. It doesn't snowball. Hope it helps for you Phil!
im glad you feel better :)
💛
Thank you for posting this and sharing this phil. I think this is a message that we all need to hear ♡
Wow, man...dadhood suits you. You are blessed, and we are lucky to share a bit of that. Good job!  Halfway though so far...
First, I wanna say you look great, and it's good that you are focusing on you and caring for yourself. Second, we love you. Know that, I know it is true for me and I am sure many others on here. It makes us happy to see you happy. Take care, and thanks for everything you do.
"I don't want youuu"  Me to my responsibilities.
Loved it! Love you all!
when did they move?
I loved that you shared this! Updating your fanbase aside, communicating your struggle to others is such a personal and powerful step in the right direction. Love u Phil :0)
This video really helped. You’re the best phil!!!!
Thank you for sharing - so relavant #loveyaface
Take time off get a co host and give them a couple days a week just let people know ahead of time to avoid the whole fan base flipping out
Love your face! I feel the same way and I have started taking meds too
We love you Phil! So good to see the family ✨ treys gotten so big 😭
Thank you for sharing this, appreciate you ♥️
Love you, Phil! I love all of your videos and nothing is more inspiring than when you sit down if front of the camera to be your  true authentic self. Thanks for keeping it real. You are making real waves in the world by just speaking your truth. Thank you.
I've gained nearly 100 pounds the same way. I'm a trained social worker and didn't recognize it in myself until you said it. Thank you so much for sharing Phill
Being honest with ourselves is not the easiest.  Good for you and thank you for sharing.
I have a friend with an eating disorder. Ik saying this may not help get out of an ed mindset but it’s important to work out without any weight goals in mind. If you workout for bad reasons that’s when it becomes unhealthy. That being said working out for the right reasons like health, mental wellbeing, General energy levels, etc are extremely good!
Kudos for spreading a positive message!
Nice video Phil, hang in there. Depression is not an easy thing to get over, talking about it certainly helps. Depression is sort of like COVID-19, it doesn’t cares who you are, how blessed of a life you have, the important thing is acknowledgement so the healing process can begin. Take care, stay safe and Happy Holidays to you and your family.
Ayyyy I used to take lexapro!
respect
Thank you, Phil, for you this video. I needed this today.
Thanks for sharing this! I feel like 2020 has been a rollercoaster for me starting off ok, and then obviously March and all that lockdown stuff heavily disrupting life. And then getting into a health and fitness groove at home, to then getting quarantine/lockdown fatigue and work stress and reverting back to bad habits and addictions etc to deal with it all! To now in December recognizing all that and deciding it's time to make some changes again and even though everything is locked down outside, I can create new healthy habits in the comfort of my own home. Thanks for sharing your journey with us! Cause like you, even though I have not been as affected as others and I'm still afforded a lot of privilege, this year has been mentally difficult on everyone! So we should all focus on our mental health and making sure we are not letting ourselves slip back into negative habits or addictions as a result.  Hope everyone reading is taking care of themselves and is safe 💕
First video on this channel I've watched so far. Only in at 1:07 at the moment but it's my favourite video of yours I've watched so far and I watch your regular show daily Mon-Thurs from Canadaville lol
Proud of you.
This was a nice surprise. Looking forward to more. I feel a little better after watching and kind of want to improve myself. Thanks for the motivation!
Lexapro took 2 weeks to kick in for me, after which I was extremely suicidal and depressed for a few days. After the 3rd week I became a new person, and i'm still on 10mg.
Thank you for sharing. We need to start talking about this kind of stuff more. The more its talked about, and the more people like you talk about it, the less stigma there will be. I am glad you have support and wishing you well.
Some of us have been here a long time. Take care of yourself.
Your boys are gorgeous =) they are so adorable and sweet! and Trey is SO BIG omg -.- time flies thats for sure. =) Thank you for sharing Phil <3 love ya man!!
* long distance support from South Africa * we believe in you, Phil. And we love your face ❤️🌻❤️
How is Trey 6 and Carter 3?!?!
We all love you phill !!!!
You are an intelligent, wonderful human being. You will get through this. Remember the last thing you thought you wouldn’t get through? Well you did. And you’ll do it again. ❤️ loved getting to see the family.
I can't believe how big Carter and Trey are now.  WOW time flies
I am sitting here watching this and crying. I know that wasn’t the intention but I relate so much to weight gain and depression and feeling so silly for feeling unhappy when I love such a fortunate life. I keep trying to tell myself to get a grip, it could be so much worse. I have an amazing family and an amazing life. So many amazing things to be thankful for. While I know this is a fact, it’s not helping how I feel at all. It’s like my brain knows but it’s not hearing itself at all. Thanks for the video.
Yeah I thought it was a really cool video I liked the vibe and it looks like something I could look forward too
Love you Phil <3 So proud of you and I’m wishing you the best now and for perpetuity! EDs are really hard and the steps you’ve taken already are monumental - congratulations!!
I’m lazy and this guys face kinda annoys me can someone reply and tell me what happened so I don’t have to actually watch the video. Is he addicted to hard drugs or something? I don’t know I’m just curious someone let me know thanks.
I’ve been feeling the same way lately. Being physically disabled has always led to me having depression, anxiety and weight issues but the last four years, the last four months and the last four weeks have been something else. As someone who has compulsive tendencies I’ve always had to be careful around a lot of things and food and binging is one of them. I’ve been having worse struggles with binging the last month and especially sense I started a new medication I’m on, but it’s a constant struggle; do I choose less pain and more side affects, or more side affects and not being able to get out of bed because it hurts so bad. Nothing seems easy.    Thank you for sharing. It’s so important to feel like you’re not going threw things alone. To be remember to focus on the good and the people that matter. And to ask for help, because you’re worth it. It’s going to be ok.
Mr. YouTube!!!!!!  Your the best.  Any time off you need take it! We will all be here :)
Much love Phil, look forward to the next uploads
As someone who just very recently opened up about my ed to anyone irl other than my therapist a few weeks ago, I know it’s a very big step, so props to you Phil and I hope you keep getting better/taking care of yourself
Why does Trey have a PS5, and I don't? This some bull
@0:40 how can they have been together for 29 years if he is only 35 years old? Did he misspeak or was that a joke? Also, do parents really leave their 3 year olds unattended in their own closed off room while they watch tv and eat snacks? I would be really worried about my kid choking or well anything happening really. That just seems like a bad idea.
Everyone could use to hear some of this! Give me a minute. Not a criticism really, but I hate that mental well-being or mental illness is still considered an uncomfortable topic. Not for you. It’s hard to make yourself vulnerable and you did it beautifully. But that so many still think of it as an uncomfortable topic.   I’ve luckily gotten back into therapy this year and my Dr has to remind me most appointments that the stress of the year compounds. As this keeps going my emotional resiliency keeps declining. And that’s okay! My life had been changed entirely by this pandemic. I’m not doing my career. I can’t see most of my friends. There’s not a lot “filling the tank” with good things. It’s okay and even normal to not be doing well now. Whatever you can do, anyone can do legally to fill up what’s been missing is okay. And it’s okay to be kind to yourself. Things are rough! Beating yourself up for things that aren’t in your control will likely make you feel worse. So everyone, if you’ve read all this, be kind to yourself. Reach out for help or just kindness from someone else if you’re not up to giving it to yourselves. And know, that there are millions of people right now that could use kindness more than ever. 💟 stay well, stay safe, warm wishes.
its funny watching you turn into an old man. been watching since the fine bros kids react video on you
Man I really needed to hear this. Thanks Phil. Love yo face right back.
Giving you an electronic hug Phil
Trey makes my heart smile! Missed that kid. Thanks for posting ❤
thank you for sharing this phil. sending love and hugs to you and the rest of the family 💛
As someone who has dealt with bulimia for years, I related to this a lot
Something about watching you makes me want to call my step dad just to say hi, I really miss seeing all my people since I moved (and now I don't even have work people to see thanks to this year) =/
"I don't want you..." Literally my 5 year old son every day
Its awesome that you felt confidant enough to tell the world this! I hope things start to shape up well for you!
Trey's laugh is so infectious
PAPA PHILLLL. I’ve been watching you since 2010 and I have missed the vlog style videos so much! So happy to watch them if they feel good for you to make them 🤗
I started a low dose of Zoloft a few months back. I didn’t realize how bad my mental health was. Crying everyday isn’t normal. Finding a balance and a med that worked really helped me see how sad I was even though I wasn’t cause I love the shit out of my family. Plan to come off it soon but absolutely saw benefits. And more of me wanting to engage.  Almost like I didn’t realize I was behaving like I was alone and meanwhile I have a family seeing my moping. Anyhow.  Do what is necessary.  Appreciate your honesty.
When you said “that’s carter he’s a lot” I felt that whole heartedly about my boys hahah. Love them to death. They are still a lot lol.
This was exactly what a lot of us needed, some very close and vulnerable old school youtube vlogging. Thank you Phil. Very excited to hear more about your very real journey with life many of us have experienced and happy to join along to feel a little less alone... Lets be together, like you said. :)
Yo Phil, thanks for sharing man. It's been getting to me too lately. My birthday helped me not notice it for a bit. But it came back, this weird feeling I've been having for several months.
Love this, Phil! Thanks for sharing ❤️
I loved this. We just had a discussion very similar to this in my grade 4 virtual classroom, because I'm working on normalizing these chats from a young age, glad you did this
Hope you’re doing better Phil
dang phil thanks for sharing.
Missed you too Phil, the kids got so BIG!!!! Family life suits you.  Love yo FACE!!
Thank you for being so open about this, Phil. I've been struggling with my mental health this year too, and so many other people out there are in the same boat as we are, but it's so hard to talk about. Thank you for starting a conversation.   I hope you and your family have a safe and happy winter. (And that Lindsay finds you a gift :D)
Hey Phil I have been watching you for years and love you man. As someone going through mental health issues I would recommend to not be afraid of antidepressants. You said you're on a low dose but you sound like you're in there really deep and going high dose really could help. It helped me when I was at my lowest but idk just sharing my experience.
This was really nice timing, thanks Phil 😊 Borders just reopened today, so I get to go see family next week 🌹🌈  Usually seeing family is more of something I dread because of childhood stuff... But a bit of connection would be nice right now 🌹 Seeing you with your kids, re-introducing yourself, & sharing your struggles, was a nice moment to say "its ok to pick yourself up & try move forward now"  Appreciated this... Thanks from Australia 🌹🌈☀
Love ya Phil!
He just made me think a whole different way and made me drop a tear. thank you
I LOVE seeing your family, your wife is the coolest and kids are adorable. You turn into a ball of mush around them and it’s the best
Thank you for this....especially the 2nd half.
Thinking about myself as a separate person, here's a person and I know everything they have gone through in no uncertain terms. I know how hard they tried and how hard things were for them even when others didn't. Thinking like that has helped me understand that I need to be nicer and more forgiving to myself. It's hard to explain and I didn't do it justice but I think you know what I mean. Keep being safe and rasing those wonderful boys <3 everything is crazy but we'll get through it together. Thank you for talking about some of the harder stuff when people really need to hear it.
Phil, you beautiful bastard, thank you for being so open about your mental health (both you and Lindsay). I hope your new routine brings your mind some peace and lets you enjoy the little things.
Hell yeah, Phil, proud of you for speaking out about your struggles, it provides great representation for people who experience eating disorders, especially men.  Your struggles with it are so valid and I'm grateful you talked to us about it.  My mental health issues have also been exacerbated by the chaos & devastation of this year, but it's so comforting to know I'm not the only one (not by far lol).  I struggle with food-related mental health issues that are much different than an eating disorder, and because of serious anxiety and lack of appetite, I unwillingly lost 20 lbs this year.  But hey man I'm making strides to take better care of myself.  I called my doctor to finally figure out & fix my acid reflux issues which will help with my anxiety & appetite a lot.  And I have learned from several mistakes this year.  2020 sucked a lot and I struggled a lot this year, but I'm so stoked to get to 2021 so we can show off our growth & make it even bigger.  Love you dude, hope you & your family stay well.
Right on brother!
Dude ur a fucking trooper, beeing this vulnerable takes huge balls, best of luck. 🙏❤️
Phil Come Back to Yeshua!
Nice to meet you again Phil, everyone 👋 I hope to see you again :) take care!
Thanks mate, I really appreciate you sharing this. I went through something similar some time ago, and blokes developing EDs is something we need more discussion of. Coz they're brutal. Much love from across the pond.
Awwh I do miss Lindsey's vlog, but it was nice to see the kiddos so grown up!  We have a similar childhood actually and I'm in and out of therapy when things get really bad and there's nothing wrong with it, it really does help.  Hope you're doing better, mental health is a beast.
Seems like Dr. Mike finally got you to take steps to start moving yourself haha. Love ya Phil, been watching you since 2015
Hey Phil, I've been on lexapro for 5 years now and no complaints here other than the horror stories from people who try to stop taking it lol. Good luck. Love your face and see you soon.
You put together how I’ve been feeling and the struggles I’ve been going through together.
You're the best, dude!
The binge/purge cycle hits hard. I’m in treatment and was doing well pre Covid and now all my balanced coping skills are really inaccessible, so things have gotten way worse again. Thank you for being open. I wish I had something profound to say, but just thanks.
Get coach gregs cook book!!!
I'm dying over "I don't want you"
Thank you for this video. I'm struggling a bit with a diagnosis of Bipolar and I'm not really sure how to process it but you saying to cut myself some slack helps a lot. thanks again.
this is super nice, thanks Phil :)
29 years... you're 41?
Love you and your family so much ❤  thank you for sharing this with us.
Thanks, Phil. 👊🏽
Thank you for being so vulnerable with us Phil, I know it isn't easy, especially when it's been such a roller coaster all of these years. Happy to see you're taking care of yourself - I'm sure it pushes all of us to look inward as well :) Love yo face!
Feeling you my friend, I just started the same medication 4 weeks ago as well, and have been feeling very very down. I too am on the road to recovery. Like you said be nicer to yourself
Needed to hear this right now. Thanks Phil.
Hey Phil. Thank you for sharing. I've been watching you for about 6 or so years now and I've loved every single moment of it. I never get tired of you or your content.   I also have clinical depression and It took me the better part of 7 years to even convince myself to see a therapist and it was due to a lot of things but doing so was the biggest first step for me. Thank you for sharing and thank you for being amazing.
Dang the editing though. I'm glad your getting the help you need and are finding your way! As soon as you said you're trying to listen to yourself like you would for someone you care about I started to break down because I realized I'm failing to do just that for myself :') thanks for bringing awareness to this
Thanks for being so honest and brave. Having a ED is horrible, but things DO get better. Sending you lots of love and positives vibes !
This video made me feel good, thank you for opening up this way Phil, love what you do
The most honest video about how you've been doing. Proud of your growth since the backward hat, vest hoodie and clocks on walks days.
Thank you for this one, Phil. I related so much to a lot of this.
Longtime watcher and first time commenter. Thankyou so much for this video Phil. I am one of those people who you spoke about at the end of the video going through a tough time at the moment with their mental health. Hearing about your personal struggles knowing the life you lead helped to put things in perspective had made me feel a lot less guilty about my own. It's made me realise that it's okay for me to go and get help as even someone like you needed a little help. Thankyou for normalising this for me and I'm sure many others.
Y'know at first you'd think a pandemic would be a problem for mental health, but I feel like I've more so been hearing about people trying to improve themselves...
Thanks for sharing! I feel like this was as cathartic for you to make as it was for us to watch. Cheers to positive changes!!
Thank you for posting this
Wow! It's incredible that you were so vulnerable and open, Phil. Thank you for that. I can empathize in a way. I'm in the midst of my own 15-year long struggle. I won't bury you under the details unless you want them at a later date, but just know that you have a kindred spirit in your corner.
Honestly, mad respect, Phil; you're absolutely a role model I look up to and seeing you be open about so much of what you feel are your flaws and your struggles makes me feel like I finally have a celebrity (you honestly are one) that is so human. Thank you for being you and I wish you all the best in your journey to becoming the best version of yourself there is!
Sending you much love Phil.
Thank you.  I'm struggling and feel like I have no reason to, but depression doesn't need a reason. I know this but I don't KNOW this, ya know?
Have a Merry Christmas Phil, you're a great guy
Love you Phil, proud of you for talking about this openly, you bringing attention to this issue is wonderful. Take care of you buddy, you beautiful bastard.
so ive grown up with you! ive been watching you since 2007. One of the first youtubers i ever watch. you've almost been like a big brother of an influencer. it is so meaningful for you to be vulnerable about this today. i have been in recovery from bulimia for almost a year now. it gets better! purging is the most soul sucking self sabotaging act.... good luck. you are amazing
When did Phil become a travel vlogger?
Your content has been a getaway for me for over 7 years.  Thanks for being you. I hope you and your family have a great holiday season 👍🏼 much love
With all the talk about mental health and how your children are impacting it, I can imagine they'll be watching this in the future and realizing just how much they mean to you in a way they never could have understood. I would have cried if my dad said the same about me in a video
14 years? I've only known your face since May 2010
I feel this so much right now. I've been lucky enough to be able to safely work through all this, but I almost feel guilty that I've been so fortunate. Between that and general isolation, on top of existing depression, eating disorder control has gone out the window. I love that you reached out and shared this with us. You're doing so much to help de-stigmatize eating disorders in men. I hope your self-love journey continues on a positive trajectory 💓
I’ve been following you for over a decade now and while I don’t get to watch your stuff nearly as much as I used to, I value you as a person, have loved watching you and your family grow. I’ve suffered with depression for 17 years so know you’re not alone and you have a rather large group of people cheering you on.
I relate to this so much. My daughter keeps me going and trying to get her to process her feelings or feeling comfortable expressing them so she doesn't eat them the way I do.   I've definitely struggled with the need for meds and therapy, so I feel this video deeply. Thanks for sharing with us.
You’ve become way less cynical than before. I see the self love.
I remember finding my calling 15 yrs ago and learning to be grateful that I get to do that everyday TO this day!
I’ve been watching you off and on since I was a teen (I’m 28) this makes me feel like you’re an old friend. It was a rough year for me too. Hope you’re feeling better!
Dear Phil, same. Same. Same. Oh and yes, same. Thank you for keeping it real and inspiring me to do the same. Maybe one day I’ll even make more videos!
Great video. ... Philip! Poor thing, I didn't know you were going through all this! Thank you for sharing. I was on Lexapro for a bit after I had a baby, but it made me really bumbly and accident prone, so I weaned off of it (prob shoulda just decreased dose). Anyway now I'm on Zoloft and feeling levelheaded af!!
Lexapro really screwed up my stomach Phil. Made it feel like it was full of concrete. I had to get off it. Tried a couple more pills after that including Wellbutrin.. eventually made it off pills all together. Godspeed in your journey. Love ya man 💙
You weren't lying when you said things have really been getting to you but I never would've imagined it'd gotten that bad. Phil, please, please take care of yourself. I know making content isn't just about you because videos also pays your staff, but we're happy to maybe indulge in some guest hosts or something or a Patreon to help keep things afloat for them as you get yourself better. You can't make content anyways if you're sick...or dead. I'm happy you've found ways to feel better for now, but keep at it and if ever you need a break, we're always happy to wait. Your health and happiness comes first.
GL this dude is loaded. Look at his place! A place that size, in LA, with the yard, the court, the theater. GD good for you Philly.
From a very small YouTuber, who was influenced by you to get started (I still have a monkey poster framed on my studio wall...with “www.Phillyd.tv” at the bottom to show the age), I wish well, all the way from Adelaide, Australia. Take care, exercise is a great healer, and all the best to you and your family.  Ps. Is that your basketball court? 😧
29 years????
As they say in a community I frequent "Hey man, you don’t know me, and I don’t know you. But you matter. You matter to me, and you matter to a lot more people than you can see or imagine right now. Find a reason to push through, a day at a time."  hope you find a way past this and thrive phil
Bring back bam bam kaboom. Truly that was the greatest of channels. I am only here in the hope it returns
You’re an incredible human being Phil! Thanks for just being you and using your platform to encourage us to do the same 😊
Trey is sooooo big!
I have been struggling with my self image and body weight since i was 16 ( i am now 20 ), hearing this from you is very inspiring. I've looked up to you for years, how positive and in control you appear. Knowing that someone I find to be one of the best people on earth is struggling in the same way I am helps me put into perspective my feelings and how I'm not alone. I love you Phil, plz give your family love from mine ♥️ cant wait to see what crazy story you cover next
Damn that’s rough, but it’s awesome to hear you talk about it and, more importantly, getting better. I would be remiss if I didn’t say           Have ya heard of my friend JESUS
I need help.
It's brazzy that his son has a PS5 already
me by the first 26 seconds: god damn ok casey niestat
Not gonna lie, I kind of needed this today man, thanks!
glad to hear you talk I needed this too man
Take care and be safe. It's hard out there.
Beautiful jazz music
Hearing you say you’re in the worst shape of your life really hit me like I wasn’t expecting, because I am, too, and have been really struggling with it. You helped me feel less alone, so thank you.
I was just on the phone w/ my Doctor and got my diagnosis of Bulimia Nervosa (among other things). The fact that this popped up in my notifications right after, when i usually have to search for your videos myself, is crazy.  I really appreciate everything you give to our community and deffs feel you on the pressures of this yr. Thanks for being open and vulnerable. x
can youtubers get whatsapp so we can all message them? i don't wanna get fees for texting to the US... :(
im very confused... if she is 29 and you guys have been together for 29 years you guys have been together your entire lives
Thank you for being so vulnerable with us Phil. I too, have been battling severe depression and my old eating disorder has crept back into my life with COVID. I am stuck alone in my house with my service dog because I have several autoimmune diseases and cancer. It has been a rough 9 months in isolation with this last month being the hardest in my life. I know everyone is struggling right now and that kind of helps in a weird way (not that I want people to struggle - at all). Anyways, Phil, you are amazing! Thank you again for sharing with us and for your videos (I watch them right away each day they come out). Stay strong! 💕
I wish i had the strength to take that step...this year has been hard.
Thanks for opening up Phil! Been watching your show for 10 years now and loved ya since my guy! Glad your taking steps to improve your state of being, it’s a challenging time for eveyone right now, but I’m haply to see you on the up and up man! Keep it up 😎
If this gets 5K votes Philly Boy should have to grow that stache out? What say ye!!!
29 years?? so you guys have been together all her life??
i also recently started taking leaxapro! it has helped me so much and seeing your video makes me so happy that youre able to share and encourage others. your videos always inspire me to look at the good in the world. i love yo face!
Damn I’m crying. I’ve relied on you for my news days, and you make me laugh often.
Aw, well this was just great! :)
This year has been real shit for me and I've been the most depressed I've ever been in my whole life (and I've dealt with depression plenty of times before). I stopped eating properly, I stopped doing basic things like showering and brushing my teeth (i know, disgusting) and the worst part is that I'm in this really difficult program in school and totally fucked myself over because of my mental state. I wasn't able to even think about school without getting completely overwhelmed and shutting down. I ended up failing 4/6 of my classes and unfortunately, there are no classes I am able to take next semester because I failed the prerequisites... Anyway, I've just decided to accept my situation and take this time to recover and go back to school next year.  Maybe years down the road, I'll be happy about having to take a semester off so that I was able to get my mental health back in check. You always gotta find the positive in every shitty situation.
This really hits home... I've been really struggling with my depression recently and have just considered finally going on meds... Sorta scares me. I'd love to hear why you chose lexipro out of all of the different options
love it Phil. Keep urself healthy!!!
I’ve found peace in just seeking God—and I know you were raised religious but God truly gave me peace and I think He’d give you peace too,Phil
Ok i feel old with how old Carter is
This was awesome. Thanks for sharing Phil. Sending good vibes to you and your family!
I’ve found peace in just seeking God—and I know you were raised religious but God truly gave me peace and I think He’d give you peace too,Phil
I love that you did this video. And thank truly for sharing your journey.
Hey, lexapro pals!
Beautiful
Hey Phil, just wanted to say thanks for reaching out and showing a little bit of your humanity, it is hard to keep your chin up these days especially to maintain said chinupness. I know with me and my wife we are going through some times right now selling our house and trying to buy a new one with everything else going on it's hard to find time like we used to, to go to the beach and appreciate each other, but I agree considering others we live a beautiful life in what I consider paradise, it just goes to show that misery is everyone's friend and decides to go above and beyond for everyone, but that even if we all suffer that is the basis of where we find comfort because we are not alone and that it's not as bad as others. Anyway just wanted to say thanks for making this video and I look forward to your future humanity videos
Love yo face!!
I really appreciate your honesty, vulnerability, and transparency here Phil.  I’m glad you are getting the help you need.  I have dealt with bulimia for a number of years and the thing that helped the most was to talk about it and get it out in the open.  It emboldens others to get the help they need.  I’m proud of you 👍🏻 and this made me an even bigger fan as you seem to want to better yourself, your mental state, and to show up as a better father and husband.  Love yo face Bro.  Cheers. -Andrew
This hit me on a deep level, thank you for sharing 🖤 luv yo face
Awww. Thank you for being so vulnerable.
glad you are seeing there is more than news to get through.. personally I am purging some channels that I follow but just don't actually watch any more, trying to cut back on a lot of things (starting small of course).. and well one of those shows was Some Good News.. and it saddens me to look back and be like man we need more of that.  and if you doing this is my Some Good News then yes I am all for it.  Phil, we have never met, nor have ever spoken in a message or anything else, but from a guy in a similar physical/mental state and age, I want to say thanks for being you. also if that time comes and we do meet, a big ole high five and random conversation of being near 40 and just in a state of What the hell just happened.. stay safe, stay weird, and truly keep enjoying the time with the fam (real, youtube, work).. cheers.
I appreciate this so much. I started this year thinking it was going to be the greatest year of my life. I was finally getting some help, I had my last surgery and was done with Chemo in January. I was going to the gym 3 times a week and just walking on the treadmill. I was getting mental help. Then I had my worst seizure ever in March and ended up in the hospital by myself for 3 days and I have done nothing but struggle for the rest of the ENTIRE year to get back up and start living again. I'm still really scared of COVID *mostly people's lack of tacking it seriously around me: including family I live with.*. We've had two scares here. I cannot work, money is tight and I am once again adding medical debt to our family... I need more than Lexapro and in January (earliest I can be seen), I am going to finally see a psychiatrist at the recommendation  of my therapist to get a deeper dive into what's going on in my head. I look up to people like you. I do not have kids to keep me going. But I am fortunate enough to have a husband who gets it. This is long, but know people like you DO make a difference to people like me. I appreciate how open and honest you are here. I do feel less alone about it all. We're all going through things. Some people's journey is different, but it all is important. We need to take care of ourselves too. I need to start doing so as well. I got that appointment set up.
1:56 thought he was going to land on his knee 🤕
Missed these videos ♡
Thank you for being so open and sharing such a personal thing you're going through. 😊❤️
I've missed seeing more just phil related videos 💞 I used to watch the vlogs everytime they came out. Missed your not quite so news related face!! How have your boys gotten so big 😭 what is time!?
Omg I remember when Trey was like 2 and could barely talk. Seeing him making full sentences now is so bizarre
My man I love yo thoughts
Thank you so much for this. Something I needed to hear.
depression isn't just being sad and down- it's your brain missing a chemical. taking medicine to replace the missing chemicals is just the same as taking insulin to if your body doesn't produce it due to diabetes. Take care of yourself.
It'll be ok Phil. We all feelin it. But I know it'll get better, then it'll get worse, then Better again. We cannot lie and say everyday will be sunshine, But there will be Sunshine again, and that is a very different thing to say. That is Truth. I promise you Phil: You will be warm again.
Phil, thanks for the vid. I don't know why but it lifted my downed spirits. I've been a long time lurker and almost daily watcher for years now. Mostly your vids just inform or entertain. But this sparked some light in me. While I may not share your personal struggles (although I could stand to shed a few pounds) your video connected with me. It made me feel not so alone. You won't see this comment but I add my voice to the many others: Thanks for everything.
Great to meet you again, Phil
Love this it felt so personal, haven’t felt connected to Phil since the familyvlog days. Missed yo face!
Respect. Also... Carter is 3??? What is time, I was certain you only had him like last year.
It's so interesting seeing this side of Phil. Maybe because I'm in tune with the news on his show, but this video feels so much more real and personal.
I really needed to hear this today, Phil. Thank you for being a source of comfort, knowledge and entertainment to me for the past decade.
Thanks Phil I needed this.
Thank you, really needed this.
Hi Phil, nice to meet you! I have watched your videos every now and then and am looking forward to getting to know the man behind me the desk.
Carter is one of those ruff, tuff creampuffs, huh? Lol "I don't want you!"
Thank you.  (Great editing too)
Hi Phil, Even though I’ve never met you I’m just commenting to let you know- I care.   I appreciate your bravery for opening up about your ED in particular. It’s incredibly misunderstood amongst men (physicians this includes you...),  and sadly a lot of that is due to the shame or assumption of it being a “female” disease.   You’ve got to remind yourself that you’re a worthwhile human being. Hell, say it out loud everyday no matter how severely your mind has you at its mercy.   Phil, I care.
Yo Phil. I love yo face! I really do. As a german, I can only imagine what it feels like to be you. Even I have been struggling to cope with all the weird news coming from the US (and that I mostly get from you, really). So, having to actually dig through all that in the first place and especially doing that as a job where you can't just take a day off from the news because it feels overwhelming must be a huge negative stresser.  I am happy to see you reflecting on yourself because it's so easy to get lost in this trying times that just make you wanna NOT deal with shit.  Enjoy the Christmas break with your wonderful family and keep digging into that self. Take care and maybe change something about your life, if it needs changing. It can be scary, I know you know that as well as I do, but in the end, you are worth of your own best treatment and nothing less.  As I said.  I love yo face and I'll definitely see you ... next time. ❤
The boys are so BIG!! Oh my goodness!
I have never commented on a video or much on any social media. I just wanted to say, I have a good idea of what you are going through. My experience is a bit more different, but I am willing to share a little. I have been out of work since 2019. I have a degree that I can't use. I am married to a man who suffers from depression and has to work nights to try to provide for us. I have two small children, one I just gave birth to, that are high maintenance. I also have severe back problems and take on all the house work and raising the kids. If it wasn't for how good my family and church members are, I would be drowning. I am proud to say I have never drank, smoked, or did drugs. I still believe there is good in everyone. Life is hard, but we can learn to do it together.
Thank you.  Just, thank you.
This was so fun to watch, but also, I feel like I really needed this. Being reminded to be nicer to myself when I've been telling myself that I'm a massive waste of space all fuckin week.... Thank you
I'm glad you are talking about your situation, especially this time of year. There are a lot of people that feel like they are alone especially during the holidays, so thanks for speaking up.  Keep being awesome and tell your family thanks for sharing a little slice of you to keep the rest of us caught up and sane during this time.
hey phil, I've been watching you for what feels like a decade now and every time I see you open up and expose some of your vulnerability to your audience my respect for you goes up..  So much in all of our lives has changed over the last decade that I'm glad that I get to watch you grow as a human .
29 Years!? You're telling me you're almost 50!?
Dude 2020 has hit us all! We all need each other! So know i got your back sir!
I just started a low dose of Sertraline! I went up to a little higher and honestly, I've felt joy for the first time in a long time. Honestly I am so excited for this and the fact we probably started this journey to change around the same time! I hope you're see the results you really want to see soon =)
Thank you so much
This was really nice to hear. I've been feeling like a failure because my depression has worsened and I've been using unhealthy coping mechanisms, but hearing that someone I really look up to and respect goes through the same things, and seeing how you started helping yourself to feel better really meant a lot.
Me and Phil on Lexapro for the same reason✨✨✨   It’s important to remember you’re never alone and there are tons of people going through similar experiences, so reach out. Your feelings are valid ✨✨✨
Thank you, Phil. I appreciate this video. I've been struggling a lot more than usual, this year and your videos, as well as some other regular Youtubers have really helped me this year. I've been watching you for a pretty long time. I very rarely agreed with you, when I first started watching, but something made me keep watching and I've gotten to see you grow and evolve as a Youtuber and as a person and it's been wonderful to see. Thank you for your vulnerability. Thank you for your openness and candidness. Thank you for having a platform that you share with your audience. Mostly, just thank you for being you and doing what you do. Your family is beautiful. I wish good health and good cheer to you and yours this holiday season. Thanks again!
So glad to see you taking care of yourself. I think the hardest thing I had to do as a parent was admit that I needed to work on me. I felt selfish about saying that. But I realized that it was the best thing I could do for my kids. Happy to have you share your story and take some time to talk with your community about your struggles on a personal level. Love yo face!
I loved this.
I love this video.  This is an invitation for many of us - including me.  Thank you.
Trey is the cutest child on the planet. OMG.
Thanks Phil i actually needed that today
Carter is a whole mood
Thank you Phil.   🥺🥺🥺
Phil WTF. I expected a fun silly video but you made me FEEL things? How dare you? Also I'm kidding but gaah this video got me in the feels. Thanks for being vulnerable. Everyone is struggling right now. We all need to be nicer to ourselves. PS: Carter saying "I dont want you" was hilarious. Ok byeee
I started watching you when I was 14, I’m now 27 and have been struggling with similar mental health issues to what you talked about in this video.   I don’t think I realised how much I missed these kinds of videos from you until now, and I just wanted to say that I have a huge respect for you opening up like this as it’s given me and probably a bunch of other viewers a certain level of comfort and confidence in themselves knowing someone they look up to is going through similar things and still managing to keep going.   Thanks for being you Phil. I don’t know if you’ll even see this, but I hope that you continue to get the help you need. You got this!
I hear you man, I have no idea where I would be if it was not for my little ones. You have the best reason to take care of yourself, those boys need you man. Stay strong, I love your face.
It is nice to meet you again, too, Phil!
Hey Phil.  Thanks for making this video.  Having another shit day in this exceptionally shitty year was starting to really grate on me without fully realizing it and your little bit at the end has helped me understand that I'm not doing alright but that's ok.  I need to get my own help and not just rely on myself to solve everything.  Thanks for speaking on these things because it does help at least myself reflect back and take note of what is happening in my own life.
I'm glad you made it this far. I remember watching one of your videos back in 2012, and feeling so worried for your mental health. I'm proud and happy to see you still doing your best, learning, and taking care of yourself more every year. Love you, Phil 💜
Thank you for sharing 🙏
Phil, my respect for you has grown by leaps and bounds in the last few years.  You have become such a better person; your personal growth has been so evident, and I genuinely appreciate you sharing your journey with us.
i might be a bad person. Here Phil is pouring out his heart, and here I am thinking that I would like to see Phil with a mustache.
Just had to leave a job because my mental and physical health were really being negatively affected by it (along with them not taking COVID protocols seriously), and my manager told me that I needed to grow up and that I "had to be stronger than that". So hearing this really meant a lot. Thank you so much Phil.
Being chin-deep in covid and political news would take a toll on anyone.  I watch the DeFranco Show regularly and I've seen how hard this year has ground you down. Being a historian, I tend to be an optimist, because I can see that I am living in one of the most fortunate times in human history.  That said...this year...bruh! Glad to see you're trying to take care of yourself, and know that I hope the best for you and yours.
As someone who struggles with mental health issues, I greatly appreciated seeing this. Thank you for being transparent and I hope you are doing well Phil. I have not been doing well this year, and that's okay. I'm pushing forward.
I love yo face!  And I appreciate you : )
Thank you.  I needed this.
this feels so old school
Thank you for sharing this with us. I'm sorry you're experiencing such demons. During the pandemic, I relapsed with anorexia. I wouldn't eat for days and then I would binge and purge, repeat, repeat. I just binged now, and I'm trying not to throw up. Then I saw this video, and I know I'm not alone, and you're not alone. I'm also sorry to hear that your demons are so bad that you're taking pills; though, if they help, that would be so settling. At age 29, I've been taking 11 pills a day for depression, anxiety, and PTSD. I don't want to be on them, but without them, I wouldn't be alive. So I want this one pill to work for you, so you don't end up like me. You are so strong and will pull through this. I'm endlessly happy that your boys bring you joy, and I hope to feel that one day. All I do is swim in a pool filled with my thoughts that seem like sharks. I've been unemployed for 10 months because my co-teacher tried to rape me. I cannot collect unemployment due to NY standards. I haven't earned a dime since then because I was a victim of sexual assault, a case thrown out without a care. But I find solace in you and your passion and energy. I know we all have our dark places, but I hope you find your way out of yours sooner rather than later. Know that you're an inspiration to so many people, and for that, I thank you. Be well, be safe, and be mindful.
My girls are so similar to your boys..the oldest is personable and outgoing and the youngest...is different. And also only wants me on her terms lol.   ❤️ Glad you’re taking care of yourself!
I appreciate you being candid with us about something so many of us see and or experience but don't talk about. I love ya Phil lbvs!
My ED has also been flaring up this year. Men almost never discuss the topic, so I appreciate you.
OMG I remember when Trey was just born and now him and Carter are so big, I feel so old and I’m only 25 👀
You, sir, are an awesome human being.  👍🏻
Why does this feel like an early Casey Neistat vlog? Like some of the first ones he did when he set out to vlog once a day for a whole year.
Phil and Lindsey are secretly dreading the day when Carter becomes a teenager 😂
Your face is alright, I guess.
It’s nice to hear someone like yourself say you’re taking meds.... there is so much stigma for them and I really wish people didn’t see them in a negative way, they really help me out, they help me work on getting better,
Thank you for being you Phil. It was a great message and  YES, It forced me to be nicer to me. I thank you for all you do.
Thank you so so much for sharing. I appreciated and benefited from you telling your story. So thank you, Phil, for being you.
Hey, Phil. Any chance of you unblocking me on Twitter?
News is pretty depressing these days.  Most of us try to avoid it.  You've been forced to stare straight it to report it the rest of us
Love you’re face! No matter what’s in your wallet or where you live,. Keep pushing forward.
Phil I have been watching you for many many (not revealing my age but like boobs as clickbait long time) But I just wanted to say that I have grown with your entire family over the years and you are a constant in my life. I just had my daughter last year and it was the best possible timing as I too would have been stuck in a depressive rut with everything this year has taken us through. You have always been there for me and I want to say thank you, you beautiful bastard.       Jade
Make more of these please! What camera are you using?
So much love, Phil. 🤗💜
It's good to see you again mang~
I love this personal content. I’ve always been a fit person and over quarantine I’ve gained so much weight and started to hate myself and just let myself go. So hearing you overcoming your struggles really made me look at myself from a different perspective and just take small steps to take care of myself
This dude has a home theater lmao  BOI YOURE NOT IN THE 250's, LIAR!
Thanks for the advice dad ❤️
Thanks for sharing. I finally got on meds this year once my depression and anxiety got to a point I couldn’t cope with. 2020 took a lot of my healthy coping mechanisms away from me since we had to socially isolate. In combination with therapy I feel so much better. So much relief. Feel like an actual human being.
Greetings Defranco family. I have been a fan, of the whole family, for many years. I remember with Mr Carter was born. I love that he is able to establish his own boundaries. I wish blessings on the family. I wish I could contribute more. ❤️💖💕
YES!
Thanks.
Loved this video ❤️❤️❤️
I am so sorry you are going thru this Phil. It has been a stressful year for everyone. I've had to up my dosage just to get through the day now. I hope next year will be better for everyone.
I just wrote about this on my blog for me too. This year has been hard on everyone but people with depression really have been hit hard by the isolation and changes. I'm glad you're reaching out in the ways that work for you. For me, it's the blog. I'll keep writing. You keep talking. Let's keep talking about this because there is no shame in having a medical condition or needing medication (I take two anti-depressants). No, pills don't solve everything, but they can give you an edge to help make your effort work better for you. Good vlog, Phil. Your kids are adorable! It seems like yesterday that your eldest was just a tiny baby--I remember!
Nothing like watching a youtuber talk about his life and realizing you've been watching them through most of it and feeling really old now.
OMG! Trey and Carter have grown so much! Thanks for saying hi again Phil!
I would love to hear about your progress running! I did a Couch to 5k challenge 2 years ago (as a first time runner) and had an AMAZING TIME! It was challenging and hard work but it was exactly what I needed... I can't explain it. This summer I ran my first half marathon! I'm still "obese" but I look and feel SO GOOD! I've got a runner's body, you've got a runner's body and the more I run the more I realize it's a privilege to get up and get outside so enjoy it!
the quality of this video is amazing. love it.
We will get through this together, we’re all here rooting for you! I came just to say this, cuz I watched from another phone and can’t comment there cuz I forgot my google account password.
Omg Carter is 3?! It's been that long!
Omg I love all of this!!! Your family is adorable. I'm also on a weight loss journey I've lost 50 pounds in 6 months and still have more to go. Definitely share more videos like this. Family included. I know you said before the Philip Defranco show will probably be coming to an end soon, (ps. Super devastated if that actually happens) but I'd be more than happy if you did more family videos and life videos. Love you face Phil💜
This ended up being an oddly relatable pep talk for me... Carter is the collective vibe of this year " I don't want you"
Thank you, Phil, this is something I needed to hear. It really means a lot.
Lots of love Phil, love ya face
😢 ☺
A man with a beautiful home, gorgeously funny and witty wife, two rambunctious boys, a man who is financially secure - or at the very least, way better off than most of us - and who has been following his passions and seeing them turn into successes, tries to make me feel less lonely about being a sack of shit.   Your heart's in the right place Phil and I love ya for it, but there's no way hearing about your depression is going to make me feel better about mine. If someone like you can get it, what hope do I have?
One thing to say. Thank you I needed this more then I’d care to admit.
Thank you.
Take care of yourself, Bruh. If you don't take care of yourself, you cannot take care of anyone else (at least not successfully).
you seem like a real person! That's why I like your content!
Bro I've been bottling up my emotions and ignoring my inner demons since January. I'm not about to start facing that shit now. It won't bring my dad back and I actually think I'm better off as an emotionally dead, overly cautious person seething with disdain and malice.
Thsnk you for 15 years of pure joy.  Sending all my love all the way from Uruguay!
Thank you for sharing! It’s so important to share and see things like this to help end the stigma around mental health! As always the family is wonderful and I love the connection. I take medicine and go to counseling and think it’s important for everyone to know it’s healthy and important to take care of yourself! I’m so proud of you and thanks again for sharing for so many reasons
I’ve been watching daily since around 2010 and saw you live in Vancouver around then. You’ve taken me through undergrad, medical school and now my residency training. You were always there for me during the tough times so I wish I could do something for you now. Take care of yourself and I wish you all the best. 2021 can’t be any worse, can it?
Great video!! Fucking love it. I agree with you on the pills I think for most it can be a great way to jumpstart coping and learning about yourself to be better. And on the couch to 5k omg congrats!! I have cut back on drinking, nearly cut out fast food, and have been responsibly been going to the gym again. And it's amazing! I lost 8lbs and I'm keeping it off unlike before. Keep going 💜
This was so cool on so many levels. Phil, thanks for being real and vulnerable about things that are hard. My motto for the last couple years has been “Show up and don’t die.” Sometimes that’s all we can do, but you, Phil have done so much more than that.
Omg treys not a baby anymore 🥺
Thanks Phil!
I feel you here Philli D. I am on a two year journey to lose 80 to 100 lbs. I am 41 pounds down. It's hard to keep going but it will be worth it. I have been bouncing between 30 and 40 but I don't give up. It's a rollercoaster of ups and downs for us rolly people. Keep up the hard work and know that sometimes you will feel what you feel, depressed or down, and that is ok. You will feel those feelings and then move forward! I am keeping up the good work and hope you will too.
Just started hormone therapy and will face the reality that I may be infertile or have cervical cancer. I have struggled for the past few days to love myself, feeling like I might be a failure as a woman. This was an internal, but very deep, struggle before and one I could ignore, but not anymore. The hormones make everything worse. The biggest thing that I have to remind myself is something I told my sister (who hid the fact that her lung cancer is getting worse from us because she didn't want anyone to worry): "If you can't give a damn about yourself, let others do it for you." And that is so, so hard to actually live by. I hope you find what works for you, because depression is terrible.
the music makes it sound like you are trying to rap
This is such an important video, Phil.  It really is.  Thank you for making it ❤
keep doing you Phil. thank you for your honesty and transparency. reminded me that i oughta take tabs with myself on a regular basis.
This was amazing and automatically induces self reflection. I felt like I was listening to me talk to myself.
Thanks for that, it was lovely, even if it made me cry!
The background music reminded me of his sxephill days "How I met my girlfriend" song for some reason.
Been going through a lot myself, surprisingly I relate a lot and even more surprisingly, I appreciate seeing this. Thanks man
As someone with an Eating disorder I just wanted to say thank you for sharing this. Not many ppl know that celebrities and men deal with this issue. This year was so stressful for many and that creates a perfect storm of triggers that can develop an ed.
Trey is so grown! I used to watch Lindsey’s vlogs... he’s a whole kid now! 🥺  So glad you’re looking after yourself better. Medication doesn’t fix everything but it’s a tool to be used if you need it! It certainly helps me manage my crazy. Lately (past couple of weeks) my anxiety has been working on overdrive... feeling like it jumps from one thing to the next. It’s frustrating when you feel like everything is under control and you end up backsliding a bit. But I just start the climb again.   Wanted to thank you for your content. Watching the PDS helps me stay connected to current events with someone I trust without feeling overwhelmed by the barrage of mainstream media. I truly appreciate you and I love yo face!
Good job and good luck taking care of yourself! Thank you for being vulnerable
I needed to hear this. Thanks for sharing Phil <3
Interesting. Welcome back. Nice to meet you again.   Do you think you left us so distant from you this personally for so long because you don’t want to be seen so closely? I find that when I think I am being shit, I don’t want to be seen at all. Pretty fucked to do that because it pushes you farther away from anyone who can help you. But maybe less so for you considering that you have to consider people looking for you to lead them, or who are interested in taking advantage of you. But still, you see what I mean as far as separating yourself from those who might have an input, specifically those you fear judgement from? Or those you don’t want to let down?
I never thought I'd feel happy watching someone else's family
I feel like Phil is an old friend trying to reconnect in a meaningful way and I love it. It takes a lot to put yourself out there like this.
Love your face bud!
Grow out your mustache. Very therapeutic to stroke and comb and it's a way to love your own face. Glad you hear you're taking care of yourself. Dad's often forget to.
My partner has borderline personality disorder as an onset of trauma. She's my everything, and the kindest, most empathetic person I know and it hurts me that she's so sad inside. She also binged and purged but quit that and gained 80lbs over 3 months. It makes her feel even worse to be stuck in a body she doesn't feel "fits" her personality. She's lost 20 now but there's one constant that has been everyday since before we even met. She watches you. You have been the mission she seeks out at the end of the day no matter how bad it's been; if you don't come out with a show she legit will be frustrated and come up to me like "I hope Phil is okay there's no video today." You are so appreciated here. I don't watch your content often but you have made her life so much better just by being. Stay strong man.
Thank you for this video Phil!
*hugs*  Love ya bro. I'm also in the worst shape of my life and I'm not sure I'm as mentally impacted as you but I still dislike my self image and I'm way too fat.  Glad you're getting support and making life changes.  I think it's the best for you and your family.  Thanks for opening up, again, much love.
Well done on getting some exercise, well done on taking time to talk about the things in life you want to talk about (takes courage for sure) and well done on the video editing, I really liked it a lot. Keep on this path sir, and you'll do just fine! :)
Good video.
thank you for this. you're right, I do need to be kinder to myself. I reached out to my old therapist for the first time in 2 years.
You got this Phil, get that 5k 💪
Thanks, I needed this today
You are the best thanks for sharing
As a man who holds myself to an unrealistic standard..... Thank you brother. It takes real strength to do this. Its what i needed. Love yo face
wasnt planning on watching this video, but thank god i did. Thank you Phil for everything you do and being practically one of the only news sources that is unbiased. been watching since 2013 and will keep watching for sure
I've been on Lexapro for a few years now. It brings my anxiety down enough to actually use healthy coping strategies, but definitely doesn't fix everything. Thank you for sharing this Phil ❤
I appreciate you sharing this. Like, a lot actually. I've been off of Lexapro for three years now, but recently I've been considering going back one it. I finally had the daughter I always wanted and though I'd never have. She's 18 months now and I feel like this pandemic has cost me the ability to give her the fun experiences we all normally had by 18 months, ESPECIALLY the opportunity to socialize her and set up play dates with babies her age. It has me in like... A really bad mental fog and I can never tell if I should wait out the feeling, or accept that I might need to go back on medication. It tough. I really was so proud of myself for not needing them anymore.  So thank you for sharing a vulnerable moment.
This just hit so many different levels, and I really needed to see this and didn't even realize it. Thank you.
I'm glad you are speaking out about this stuff, I've had an ED before and it messes with you big time.  So proud of you for getting help, and for being a guy who is ok with themselves enough to open up and talk about it, because not enough guys do.  Keep being amazing Phil!  P.S. Purging messed up my teeth, don't let it mess up yours, you have such nice ones.  Had to share one of the many dangers, just as one more reason not to do it.  You can and will get through this, keep on keeping on.  We love your face✌💙😸
Love the video man but Idt you need the music in the background. Just make it plain.
I appreciate you too so much! ❤️ Your videos aren’t a Godsend they’re a Philsend. Thank you, brother!
Im a bit tired of people who dont want to listen or have emphathy for otheres just because they themselves are not feeling great, sometimes you need to put yourself aside and support a friend, and relize that no ones problems are too small, no one deserves to feel bad, we all should be happy, we all should speak about what we feel and listen to anyone who trusts enough to want to lay on us their struggles
Love yo face Phil
*Sigh* thanks Phil
I’m newer to your content but I appreciate you be transparent. We’ve all been struggling. You’re not alone. Also, your teeth are beautiful. Blessings to you and your adorable family.
PHIL. I love you buddy ❤️
Damm man. I needed that.
Thank you for sharing this 💜 I've dealt with eating disorders as well, and it's really hard. Always.
eating disorders and depression have plagued me for most of my life. it is a constant journey that you never stop learning from, but as someone who has been on the verge of death more than a handful of times, it can be overcome! bad days will come, but let them serve as motivation to make the next day ten times better. its all about baby steps and learning what suits YOU best. I'm glad you shared phil and I hope your road to recovery is nothing but enlightening and a positive journey of self love <3
Are you an up and coming new youtuber? do you have a main channel?
Your kids are adorable!
Thanks, Phil :-)
So proud of you! SSRIs and SNRIs can be great tools when dealing with mental health. Just another layer of help available to those when you need it and most importantly when you want it because everyone deserves to experience a variety of emotions, not just stuck in depressive or manic etc. :-D
❤️
Not that you owe us any of this, but thank you! If it wasn’t for you... 2020 would have been worse than it already is. I have been watching your for about 5 years now because my husband recommended your videos. He’s been watching for a lot longer than me for sure! I appreciate you and your family!!
Thanks for the honesty! I think this year needs it, so we can all understand each other and relate/look up to others going through similar struggles
So grateful to hear more people talk about mental health and just how normal it is to need help. Especially from men. I have known quite a few people who wouldn't accept the help that they needed because it was considered "weak" or "unmanly", and coming to the conclusion that meds or therapy were needed was a painful road in itself. To hear it become more and more normalised is amazing. 😌
Damn, that hits philly d. Everyone’s just fumbling around in the dark lookin for a light switch. We’ll all make it through.
LMAO CARTER SAYING HE DOESNT WANT YOU I LOVE KIDS
I'm sorry you're going thru so much right now, especially the eating disorder. I can't imagine getting to that level. I hope your therapist is helping you and that your wife is being supportive too. Good luck.
I needed to hear that reminder... of being kinder to ones self. I myself have been having a really hard time this year and put so much stress on myself because I'm not where I want to be. I appreciate you Phil and all the other creators who are willing to talk about this stuff. I'm way too hard on myself, and it's comforting to know I'm not alone. I'm hoping to start counceling soon to start healing. I hope you continue to work on being the best you that you can be! It's not easy, but it's necessary work.
Thanks, Phil.
Your Awesome!    Keep it Real.  Always
All love Phil. I really appreciate everything you do.
Lexapro was pretty good just be aware that it can cause mania. I had never experienced mania truly until Lexapro and buspiron (sp?) together 😬
man i wish my three year old left me alone lol, love you man long long time fan its crazy how time flies
Love the reconnect ❤️
Hit me up if you would like to work out with me. We can hike, jog, and bike. I'm also in LA.
Hello again :) It’s great to see you Phil. Thank you for taking the time to make this video. There are many of us here for you, humans in the Nation, to connect with you. There is more that connects us than what separates us. I’m glad you’re taking it seriously and getting help.
What camera was it though? 😂 I was waiting, since I’m so use to videos turning into a slight ad. But it was nice to see yo face again without the news.
I’ve watched your channel from the very beginning and it’s been so amazing seeing your growth. When I see you feature your old intro it makes me laugh and remember how far I’ve come as well. I have struggled with mental health issues for over a decade and loved the way you phrased it here. Thanks for being vulnerable with us time and time again. You and your family are just simply amazing.
Thank you for sharing :’)
You! You beautiful bastard, you!
Join a Roller derby league. You will find your inner beast
Awwwww! Thanks for sharing, Phil. Warms my heart!
make more vlogs
Casey Neistat vibes lol love it
What camera is it? You mentioned it but never said the brand/model.
I’ve went through so many similar experiences mental health wise and while I know I’m not the only one it helps to see people openly talk about how they’re going through it too.
My boy rocken that Ryan's toy review merch💯💯
Trey and Carter are actual humans now.... I feel old.
Damn. That hit different. Hello again, Philly D!
Been watching your videos for over 10 years since I was like 13 ur the man
thanks for sharing Phil, much appreciate ya <3
Eating disorders are not talked about enough, and generally misunderstood. As someone who struggles with a different Eating disorder... I know it first hand.
I love you, Phil ❤
Trey looks so much like you. Holy cow!
Honestly I have missed these interactions and this other side of you over the last few years while you focused on building out your company. While I am happy to see you grow and create your legacy it began to feel cold and like a typical news interaction rather than the personal informative interaction of the middle years with the chaos of SourceFed. I'm glad you started the conversation again, It's nice to meet the you of today Phil.
Phil, I've messaged or commented you this before but I know you don't read everything because you physically can't. Unless you have a speedy superpower you haven't told us about but, due to you being so open with your viewers I don't think that's the case. Anyway I have been watching your videos for 10 years and have watched you grow so much. I've changed myself as well a lot, yknow, and I appreciate you very much. You have a gift of phrasing things and talking about things that mean a lot to people that is just spot on. You're also a really genuine person and that is rare. I'm going to be sad when you stop making videos, but nothing lasts forever right?  Love yo face.
Omg I missed Trey’s face more than I realized
Wait...29 years????
:)
You still get your counseling from better help?
I’m really proud of you for this, I struggle with similar issues and the pandemic just made things worse but the first part of getting better is acceptance.
Thank you for your vulnerability! Stay strong Philly, and keep it up ✊🏼 You’re killing it
Love you phil!!
Love ya face, Phil...
phile thank you for stuff like this. you are one of the good ones.
Thank you for sharing Philip.  I feel like since this pandemic and losing my job I been going through a lot of ups and downs. A lot of self-doubt on starting a new career and educating myself.  It's nice to know that I am not the only person who goes through a terrible binge when they get overwhelmed, except mines deal with more soda than actual food lol.
Hey Phil thanks for sharing I feel that depression you're talking about. Sending good thoughts your way and I know that you aren't religious but I am so I will be praying for you and your family during these trying times. Much love and support brother.
holy cow home theatre!
I'm simply going to say thank you for this video
Still the man. Love yo face!
Thank you Phil. Speaking out about your struggles. Specially with your eating is so important. Men need to be able to speak about these things to show everyone going through a similar struggle that they aren’t alone. I have deep troubles with food. I’m 6’7 and 140 lbs. and I deeply empathize with your use of food as a control mechanism. Keep fighting. You got this
Phil, I love you as much as two strangers that have never met, never will, and only communicate one direction. But your show has been a part of my life for many years. I sincerely am so happy that you have recognised your mental health on this level. Stay safe bro. Love your face. Thank you for being you.
As a fellow ED survivor and celexa eating person, it's really good you're being so open about this Phil and especially as a dude w an ED it's a space we all need to support eachother in man 🌞 good luck with feeling better soon
You know what? You're a cool, strong, and brave person. =)  I won't give you my pity, but I'll trebuchet a healthy heaping of understanding and admiration in your general direction, and you don't get a say in that.<3
love
Very relatable, minus the multi million dollar lifestyle lmao. Thanks dude.
Thank you for sharing all of this Phil, love you and yours even tho we've never met and probably never will. Keep safe and care for yourself <3
Welcome back home Phil. We’ve missed you  🖤👏👍🤜
I'm starting to wonder if I'm developing an eating disorder as well except my thing is I don't want to eat. Might just be the rest of my issues, but I will literally prefer to sleep then eat and not get out of bed despite being extremely hungry. I'm just so exhausted from being around my own head. Might try out the caring about myself part although it is going to be weird. I don't think I ever really did, but thank you for putting out this video Phil. It makes me feel like less of a weirdo, and tolerate myself more to know that I am not alone in some of my thoughts.
Mad respect. Takes real strength to be open about this with yourself.
Love yo face man.  Thanks for sharing.  You're a beautiful human.  Keep doin' what you're doin'.
Thank you for being so vulnerable. I just want you to know that there are so many people that appreciate you and are rooting for you.
2020. Nature is returning. The Vloggity is back?
im so happy you're talking the time to talk  about it . iv suffered on and off my whole life but it was when i took sick with other health issues 20 yrs ago that i had to start taking meds for my depression . unfortunately for me 1 chronic health issue has now turned into 5 chronic issues 3 of which that are painful enough to have been on morphine for 18 yrs now. if i was able to talk 1on 1 with ya Phil id tell you more but thats about all i want out in public .
Positive thoughts and prayers for you Phil and that you heal fully- emotionally and physically. Your care and love for us, your viewers, is so appreciated Phil and so often it's hard to show all of that to you... We love you and care about you more than you will ever know.
Phil you are a fucking beast. Love you bro
I feel this video on such a deep level. I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for I don't even know how long now. Since August I've started taking medication, and learned about self care. In the past few months, I've had to quit my job, I had to walk away from a toxic relationship, that I was trying to convince myself was love. I've also started taking even more care of myself and I am proud to say I've lost about 35 pounds this year. Most of it within the last few months. I have also got an amazing job since leaving my previous. This year took me to my lowest, but I said fuck that and climbed back up. Also, a good motivator for going on walks is Pokémon Go. They have added a lot. Check it out. Send me your friend code if you do.  Thanks for opening up, Phil. Time to go finish watching today's PDS.
love ya phil, keep doing your thing and keep work on being kind to yourself ❤
Thank you from one human to another. I needed it
I ♥ the content, but also, your transitions... *chefs kiss*
Maybe you should do a Joe special.
I look up to you a lot I’ve been a subscriber for 5+ years. I’m so happy you made this video... I’m struggling so much.. this made me feel less alone.. thank you.
Phil treated the cuts like I did powerpoint transitions back in school
your family is so beautiful!! :)
Thank you, sir. Today felt like I was forcibly strapped into the front seat of an emotional roller coaster and I could not have found your words at a better time.
BAMF of the day goes to you Phil, thanks for letting us know how you are feeling during these tough times. Much love and respect goes out to you.
Thank you for your vulnerability 💕💕
Thank you for sharing - it really helps to hear other people's stories and no you aren't alone with various feelings and challenges.
We love you Phil! I know I'm not the only one who anticipates that notification every day, getting us philled in on the world.
Thanks for sharing Phil. Kinda needed this today, going through similar things.  Stay safe and blessing for you and your beautiful family.
I've been on Lexapro for four years and I can't express how much it's helped. Like you said, it doesn't fix everything, but I find it brings me to a place where I'm functional enough to improve on my mental health instead of feeling constantly paralyzed by depression. I hope your experience is the same.
Thank you for sharing. With all of this craziness, its good to stop and take a mental break. Your video reminded me that I need to take a break soon.
Love you Phil. Have been a fan for years now and have always appreciated your videos especially these type.
What camera did he get?
Been watching your channel since the after shift rant days and I am so happy to see you taking care of yourself.  This video helped this all feel a little less solo, thank you. ❤
Really loved watching this. I just finished my night shift and I'm heading home and see this. 2020 has been hard on all of us just like you said Phil. Watching this tho has made me feel like things can only get better (if you put the work in)
Damn my brain just got jealous you have an eating disorders. Guess I'm not the only fucked up one. Thanks daddy phil. Nice to hear from you
I never really comment on things — but this was wonderful! ❤️❤️
Thanks for sharing, it means a lot. Take care of yourself, and your family. Good luck!
Awww, Phil, love ya brother. Been part of the Nation since the beginning. Here for ya 100% to the end.
29 years you would have been like 6 😂
Hey Phil, thanks for commenting about this channel in your main show today. I’d been subscribed but for some reason didn’t get this video until I unsubscribed and then resubscribed to this channel.   Thanks for sharing your journey through the craziness that’s been this year (and so much more).
I've been subscribed to you since, like, 2010.  This video makes me feel old, but you & Linds DO look young - so grats on that & the two kids ya beautiful bastard.
Wait I swear Carter was only just born holy shit
Try HITT,  when I push my body and mind everything washes away and feels fracking good.  Give all those bad chemicals in your body a toxic body of feel-good chemicals. Most importantly STAY STRONG, and STAY WITH US.  I listen to you every day, you are my sanity in a world the threatens to eat my soul. Also check out DAVID GOGGINS (you're welcome, I wear large and size 11 shoes and I like Teslas...a model 3 will do)  I'm not a phycologist but I play one online.  YOU SERVE A PURPOSE. GET UP EACH FRACKING DAY BELIEVING THAT and GO GET IT!
Thank you so much for sharing! I’ve struggled with bouts of disordered eating and anxiety for years, and it’s great to hear someone else be so open and honest about the lifelong process that recovery is.  Sending my love and support to you and your family during this difficult time :)
29 years......? Am I missing something...?
Thank you phil, I needed to hear this today.
We appreciate you dude. Been here watching you for so long and I am just so proud of you and your family.
I really needed this. Thank you, Phil.
We love and appreciate you Phill!!
Thank you so much for this!
Yo, good work on the editing. It’s fun as hell
As someone that also struggles with ED and mental health, I really appreciate this video. I'm getting teary-eyed thinking about how seeing this was a refreshing reminder of the cliché "you are not alone". Thank you, Phil. <3
Ok, so hear me out. PhilStache.
We fucking love you Phil! I’ve been watching you since I was a sophomore in high school. I’m 28 now and still look to you for the daily news roundup. Hope the changes you’ve been making help you in the long run cause we need you. PS when parents say they don’t have a favorite kid...we know the truth 😉 #samename
🥰
Thanks for sharing. I think it's awesome when celebs or influencers share their mental health struggles because it helps to normalise it. Wishing you and your beautiful family a safe and happy Xmas.
We are getting old... Old Friend...
You are officially Kanye status now #lexapro   Hope you doing good! I'm exactly where you are right now
Thanks for being real. Hopefulness and prayers for your journey to wellness.
Thank you for sharing! I feel like talking about this stuff really does help. I also started taking Lexapro this year along with Wellbutrin and I think that I also lead a pretty privileged life. Sometimes you need extra help. It can happen to anyone anytime and I so appreciate you being so open and honest about this.
You got this Phil
Wow. This video really hit home. I've struggled on and off with eating disorders since I was 14. Binging, purging, anorexia. Let alone my undiagnosed bi polar disorder and depression just this year. I'm 25. The years of neglect and lack of care have left my body perma-fucked. I have stomach problems and so much trouble eating. And when I do, I just am miserable in pain for days at a time. I did this to myself, I know that. But damn, if only I would have cared sooner. So I wait for the day that I no longer am afraid to just wake up. Till then, love YO face! Thank you for being honest and real to a community you've woven so closely.
Absolutely love seeing more of this side of Phil
I need to tell you that I always loved everything you have done I have been watching you for 8-9 years I think and I support you in your decision to think and care for yourself because that's the right thing to do and I'm happy to know that you want it but anyway...
from one of your watchers who kind of rolls their eyes at the self help stuff because i think its laid on thick anytime anyone does it....watching this felt like: "dude, this is all you ever talk about when you get personal...why did i think i needed to watch this?...why did i think this would be something different lol? you do a good job teasing a video, i should have known."
We love you man, thanks for sharing your personal story a lot of people relate. I'm on an antidepressant too and waited too long to do it
God, the boys are so big! Like, it’s insane. I’ve been watching since Trey was born, and it’s crazy to see him so grown up.
Phil I'd love to have a conversation with you. You seem genuine. Let me know. 😁
Thanks for sharing Phil. Appreciate this video. If this is the future of Phil DeFranco I am totally for it.
Thanks for this, Phil. I live in Lubbock, Texas—which has been hit particularly hard by the pandemic. (Is there even a scale anymore?) I’m single and live alone, so I’m probably social distancing harder than most. I feel like I’ve been generally pretty happy since March. But the last week has gotten tough with loneliness. Hearing you acknowledge some of these hardships helps me feel better about accepting what I feel right now.
Damn this was really sweet ✨ keep on trucking
Thank you for sharing, Phil. I'm sorry that you're going through this. I'm glad that you're been gentle with yourself. Know that we're in your corner! ❤
Phil, this was wonderfully refreshing! I don't watch you for the news only, I'm here for you as a person! It's so nice to see you speak from your heart, share with us and see you interacting with your loved ones. As someone who has an eating disorder I can't tell you enough how wonderfully you spoke about it. Thank you for being you, thank you for sharing! 💚
Thanks for sharing, Phil
Thank you Phil. I've been watching for like 4 set changes and I just wanted to say thanks. I didn't realize how badly I needed to hear this. I started my own meds this week and suffered from EDs in the past. Thanks for the reminders 🙏 Hope you and your famjam are happy and healthy, looking forward to more of this
Wishing you the best, Phil!
Phil I can definitely relate to the feeling you’re having.  I actually went off my antidepressants because My body was reacting bad to them and I’ve developed a binge eating problem.  I’ve been in therapy for two months now and while I’m not 100% myself again, getting out of bed isn’t such a project anymore.  I’m glad you’re on an upward trajectory and wish you a good recovery.
Damn Phil why you so cool. For real though you being open about your Mental Health is amazing man keep being an awesome role model 👌
dude for the past few years you have been something to look forward to daily. thank you.
I should have known Phil would have a movie theatre in his house lol
Lexapro gang, it has done wonders for me! Hope the same for you, glad you’re taking those steps!
have been watching you for years, love you bro..
Omg Phil, this is why I love you so much. You're honest and normal. Love your face
Oh my god Trey speaks!
Hey, I'm 40 and I'M A LOT 😂
I needed this today. It’s weird to find people who are even marginally younger than yourself, who seem much wiser. I appreciate you Phil. It’s been a rough year, and I’m glad it’s turning around for you. Time to turn it around for me now.
Aw I love this, Phil. 🖤
i feel like this is a casey neistat vlog. well played.
It’s been a tough year for us all... but those of us who already struggled with depression and/anxiety I think really took a beating. I know I have. And I know several other family and friends have. It’s even harder when you can’t even physically see your psychiatrist and therapist... lets face it, ( no pun intended ) telemed is just not the same! It’s cold and impersonal. Sounds like you’re taking all the right steps Phil! So proud of you❤️ I know the struggle is real! I love yo face!
cuuuuuuuuuute
I've been struggling with my weight now for a few years. So I totally feel you on the whole being in shape thing. It takes A TON of effort and I've been learning that more and more.
Love ya Phil. Hopefully I have what you have one day. Stay happy bro 💜💜💜
I am looking for the motivation to get healthy as well but it's a daily fight with depression. If you started a get healthy/ feel better about yourself support group I would join so quick!
Appreciate this so much!! There’s been a lot of madness going on in my mind and it’s started to negatively impact my ability to be a father to my daughter, this helps out things into perspective for me. So thank you Phil, it’s nice to meet you again!
TY for opening up. So proud of you!
I'm proud of you for making this video Phil. I knew something was up, I KNEW IT! Super glad you are getting it worked through. Stay strong and love yo FACE!
Ty phil. This way really nice. It will be okay.
As I've learned in the last year, there's no shame in admitting that you need more help than therapy alone can give.  I live with PTSD from some pretty severe childhood traumas, and for years, I fought the idea of taking medication for my disability/ chronic illness. It was only in the last year, and with the love and support of my husband and close friends that I came to terms with my need for chemical assistance. I started taking a small dose of sertraline almost half a year ago in conjunction with ongoing therapy and self care, and I cannot stress enough how much it has helped. I went from constant nightmares, lethargy, panic attacks, self harming idealization, and depression, to finally being able to sleep through the night and go out in public on my own again.   It's a journey, and sometimes the steps are scary and difficult, but there's always a beautiful view at the top of the mountain. Hang in there, Phil.
Love your face Phil!  🥰✌🏼❤️❣️🇨🇦
I really respect and appreciate the honesty about your mental health struggles. Successful people appear to be superhuman a lot of the time so it is inspiring to see the vulnerability. Also I dig the vlog format! Reminds me of Casey (in a good way)
I love that Phil and I are taking the exact same meds. I haven't told anyone yet though.  I also love how Carter ended up with Lindsey's hair and Trey has Phil's hair. Just like when an anime couple have kids!
This made me smile so much and was so relatable to me. I so look forward to seeing more.
THE NATION LOVES YOU SO MUCH! We thank you for being an informative AND inspiring person we get to see everyday, and this video is just more proof of that. Stay strong, stay open and know we care about you and everyone should care about themselves. :)
Excuse me when did Carter go from literally just born to a full human. I really haven't watched the vlog channel in a long ass time
Man. I feel old...remember watching when people were sending Trey playboys.
For some of us, self love is difficult sometimes, but when I find it the hardest to love myself is when I usually need it the most. Thanks for the encouraging words.
Phil!! I seriously love you man! Is there a way to thank you and commend you for showing this more vulnerable side? These past few years have been crazy for my emotional and mental health too , and the biggest thing that's made a difference in my life is to actually try loving myself as I'd love another and finding hope and pride in the babiest of baby steps.  As much as a stranger internet guy could feel like a friend, you always do... I really just want to give you a hug haha! You got this <3
Thank you for sharing a peek into your life.
Support for here for you Phil. We love your face.
This was fantastic to watch! Really well shot and lovely to see you and your family. Your boys are close ish to my nephews ages and they have kept me sane despite them being in Ireland and me being in London. Your kids are so cute and their vibes remind me of my nephews. I constantly think of making a uk version of your show and have done for the last however long you've been going years. I appreciate you so much and you may not see this but I wanted to put it out there.
This is so wholesome ❤ I cried.
Keep up the exercise! Go slow and be consistent. You got this.
Love you Phil. You have helped me grow for 10 years + Wish i could do something other than a pat on the back.
AYOO LEXAPRO GANGG
Im glad you're talking about this shit Phil, I've seen you through all your ups and downs over the past 6 or so years I've been a viewer, supporter, and what I feel like is a damn online family member. I think you have just exhausted yourself with how much work and effort you're having to put into the PDS and how stressful the content is day in and day out. I hope you are doing well man and I can't wait to see you climb this mountain and then kick it's ass at the top. Love your face, you beautiful bastard!
Thank you, Philly D, this meant a lot to me.
I'm so happy seeing a big YouTuber talk about eating disorders. I've also developed one this year and seeing this made me feel less alone. Please keep us posted ♥️
Hi Philly. You’ll never see this but, my names Todd. Been watching for years. I also have a young boy named Carter (18 months) and I too am on Lexapro. This video resonated with me so much. Whilst I haven’t had the same struggle I’ve had similar ones. Thank you so much for your courage and know that at least one person has benefited from it. Love your face.
Love the message here, Phil. Love yo face too. Would really appreciate more messages like this. Keep it up, brother.
Not sure if it will help you but the book - Brain Over Binge: Why I Was Bulimic, Why Conventional Therapy Didn't Work, and How I Recovered for Good by Kathryn Hansen really helped me with binging  Hope this helps 🤗
Yay, I loved this!!!! Loving the up close and personal Phil content.
Good on ya, Phil.
duuude! I know that feeling of realizing something has changed for the negative about my self...I'm still at the phase of being unsure, but I KNOW something is wrong...& not sure if me saying it's my living situation is just an excuse..or if it's partly true...I gotta get my ish together lol
Thank you for being open and honest Phil. I wish more YouTubers were like you. Wishing you well on your journey in getting better. I have my own struggles too. Seeing people like you be open about them makes mine a little easier
Tottaly dude.
Thank you for taking the time to make this video. Having struggled with various eating disorders my whole life and I still struggle. I’ve sought txt a number of times, and I have found that the ED community is one of the most secretive and ashamed of themselves in this disorder. It’s extremely hard to talk about. I never want to talk about my food no matter what it looks like. I hope that you continue to feel better as you move through all of what recovery can be. Its an every day thing multiple times a day thing. It’s not as common for cis men to talk about their struggle with eating disorders, and I’m thankful for your honesty so others can see that they may not be so alone.
Oh my God, Carter is 3! Also Trey has grown so fast!  Phil, you’ve got two beautiful gifts here. Oh, and who could forget Linz!
So being daddy has helped Phil get out of bed this year? Nice.
TREY SO BIG NOW
Okay but why the editing on point
Happy to see you doing what you need to. To feel better and more yourself. Self improvements and self recognition are very important for one to move forward we can't pretend all the time thats nothings wrong
This was so nice. A lot of people need this. Thanks Phil. ❤️
hey, Phil watching your show makes me feel more connected to the world like I have something I can rely on, and listening to you explain what is happening makes me feel less stressed so thank you for what you do!
Thank you for sharing. You are a genuine human with a beautifully positive and honest heart.I have struggled with weight and mental health my whole life and it is so nice to hear the Defranco perspective
feeling the depression hard myself, broke up with gf of 2 years a couple months into Covid and if i didnt have my dog.....
Thanks for sharing this Phil! I hope that you find meds that help and start feeling better! Been following for over a decade and hope to follow for a lot longer!
i dont know why this made me tear up at the end.. i think because i also love ur face.. u have been a source of trust for me, so to see this vulnerable side of you connect with who i am as a person just makes me feel less lonely.  Thanks for this, keep being awesome xx luv from Montreal, Quebec, Canada
This year has definitely made me come to terms that I have not been kind to myself at all, and it has been draining on my partner and my family. I try to keep busy to stay away from taking care of myself, so I understand you. Thank you. It is because of people like you that I feel more comfortable being vulnerable around other people and seeking help when needed.
Love you Phil <3 I hate it when people say this to Youtubers but I'm glad you're a part of my life and me with 7 million other anonymous beautiful bastards are in yours!
i really appreciate this honesty from someone i admire who owes me nothing. hope you're doing well xx
I think I needed to hear that, like, alot. Trying to strive for perfection in everything I do has made me really tired lately, and taking a second to remember that I am an imperfect human who can't be a perfect employee, husband or father really kinda hit hard. I need to like me more. Thanks Phil, I really really needed that reminder and im truly happy to see that you're working on it too.
Thanks. Keep up the good work
Phil, thank you so much for sharing this. As a person who struggles with an eating disorder, hearing you admit to yours makes me feel less alone. I too binge and purge. While I was far worse in highschool for purging, i still hve an issue with binge eating my emotions.  Im sorry you are dealing with this though and I wish you the best!
Thanks Phil, it was great to have this more personable little snippet of you and the fam :)
My boy phil! The Dan Cook of YouTube!! I've been watching you for at least 10 years now.. 🙊
Physical activity, talk therapy, and meds are the trifecta when it comes to depression and anxiety.  Keep on keeping on, Phil.
Why am I smiling the whole time!
Love you Phil.  Thank you for letting us in.
Given my history I don't deserve any more slack
I’m a long time fan and I don’t usually comment on YouTube videos in general, but thank you for the warm Hello DeFranco. Glad to see you doing better. I too, as I’m sure many others are, have gone through a lot this year.    Thank you for being vulnerable and opening up. Stepping in someone else’s shoes, even briefly, helps me see my own obstacles in a different light.  Much love!
Thanks for sharing. I have alcohol use disorder and often feel more able to relate to the psychology applied to eating disorders than the black and white distinction of addiction.  I these trying times I have been unbelievably fortunate to have fallen into a new and loving relationship which began mere months before covid put a huge damper on my work in the service industry. It is frightening to think about the dark places I may have returned to without love and support. Though there is the unfortunate certainty that many people have succumb to their struggles this year I think that it is admirable that you and others with a platform have reached out and shared so openly. I'm sure that it has helped many many people not fortunate enough to have lovers and/or children right now to know that they are still not alone. That's not very well said, but, thank you and much love to all.
Wow was anyone else super caught of guard by hearing Trey speak I swear that kid was an infant a year ago.
Really different, really cool.
I’ve had a lot of success with lexapro! Its always nice for me to hear other people are taking the same meds as me 😅 but I hope it helps you and I’ve missed seeing you in vlog form.
thanx phil...
We love ya Philly. Be kinder to yourself. You give us that advice and those words of encouragement often. So I give you the same.
Ugh I'm in the worst shape of my life too.  I just started going back to the gym a couple days a week.  I've also started posting on my YT channel again.  It definitely helped
What camera are you using? You mentioned you were waiting for it.... which camera is it.?
I appreciate you Phil
I’m on lexapro and it works for me
“I don’t want you!”
❤❤❤❤❤
I needed this video today more than I even realised. Thank you for the vulnerability and the message. Let’s all cut ourselves some slack! 💕
So much respect for the vulnerability in this video. As nice as it is to get the daily news, seeing you in this light is refreshing. Here's hope for the future.
Thank you for being vulnerable! I've struggled with similar things and I just want to say - it gets better! A few years ago I read a comment from a random person on a post where she said she hasn't purged in 7 years and that was the moment I realized that that's possible and since she managed to do it, then I can too! I used to think it was only a matter of when, but it's not. It's been over 3 years since I purged, and when people say it's a journey - they're not kidding! But the road gets smoother the more you move forward. Thank you Phil, you are amazing and you make even the darkest days just a little bit brighter!
Oh Phill, bless you for sharing this. Your honesty and vulnerability is so important. Thank you, we see you, we support you, we love you.
Lexapro really helped me and thank you for publicly destigmatizing mental health medication.  It is rarely anyones first choice but it is important not to beat yourself up over taking that step.
This video was so up close and personal...definitely a different Phil than we’ve been seeing lately. Glad to hear you’re doing better brother! Gotta make sure you take care of yourself.
I’d hug you.
Well..    That was beautiful.    Thank you for helping me get through this mostly shit year Phil. You got no idea how motivated I felt just to watch you inform of what's happening around no matter how bad it got and yet comforting us all with any bit of hope. I'm in College now so I hope to be at least a bit like you in my adult years, A loving Father and one hell of an Entertainer
You're amazing and for you and anyone else reading this it's okay to not be okay and get help. Also the kids have gotten so big, I remember when Trey was destroying that cake on his first birthday and now he's a whole child <3
cried a little bit when you talked about ur boys. cried some more when you talked about ur mental health. thank you for being genuine and opening up. its hard in this world, when so many people are so critical.
this feels like an honest conversation with a friend. as someone who’s struggled with those things, thank you
thanks for sharing
Dealin with this myself, I feel ya Phil I feel ya bro
Vlog but keep the jump cuts. (beautiful vid btw)
Thank you for sharing. Love you Phil
So proud of you for taking the steps that are best for YOU, Phil. Love to see it and looking forward to your updates!!
This was awesome! Loving your face!
Phil, loved the vlog today. I was so excited when I got the text this morning. Please keep it up!!!
Thank you. I needed to hear this.
Thanks I needed that.
Try psychedelic therapy with a trained professional?
Doesn't hurt to remember that we are still in the middle of a global pandemic dealing with fear and stress of yourself and those you love possibly getting seriously ill, and/or losing their jobs, having to become a full time teacher to your kids and numerous other stressors.    Yes it's good to do what you can to take care of yourself (mentally and physically), but it's also OK to feel unproductive or even not happy right now.
Thank you Phil, thank you. Good luck on your journey ❤
I've been subscribed for a long time, and I've never regretted it.  love yo face Phil
Well done sir. Keep it up.
We all get ourselves down. I think it's important for all of us to listen to ourselves and to not be hard on ourselves either.
Wishing you more and more sunlight filtering in through the dark clouds of depression.  Thank you for being a good man, and a good human being.  You give hope to so many, so take a little for yourself from all of us.
Losing weight is HARD. Keep putting in the effort. Even slow weight loss is STILL helpful. Pills are definitely NOT 100% of the solution, but sometimes one's brain is imbalanced and needs a push to produce the proper neurochemicals. Hugs to you and your fam. I agree, if it wasn't for those who are dependent upon me, I'd stay in bed as well. Funny how we can put in the work for others but not for ourselves. We need to realize that WE are worth our effort.
Thanks for sharing Phil. Good luck on your journey finding your mentally stable and centered you. Appreciate you sharing.
Thanks Phil
❤❤
Hell yeah phil, love yo face too my dude 🥰 good to see ya again ❤️
"29 years" and Phil is 35. Damn you guys have been together since you were 6, mad props.
THIS WAS AMAZEBALLS! Not that you struggle that's shit, but just being you will propably help a lot of people. The comfort of a safe family life intertwined with a very honest and vulnerable side. It's important to talk about. Every time someone pushes through something they are deeply uncomfortable with to push something important the world becomes a more interesting place. This is why Phillip Defranco.....you are the BAMF of today! Keep it up the exercice man and I hope the pills has their wanted effects and few side effects!
Thank you so much for trusting us with this information. I am in recovery from an eating disorder as well. So many men live in silence and do not have the same access to treatment that people like me have. Recovery is totally worth it. I won't lie it's hard work. Keep doing what you need to do for your health. I recommend the channel by Mia Findlay. What Mia did Next. She posts a bunch of videos on recovery and has fully recovered from her eating disorder. She also has done interviews with men who are recovering.
That’s how you make someone wanna click that bell icon. This year has also been truly a wake up call, and I’ve taken my first step in going back to college to study something I’ve always wanted to do. Love your face Phil, I’ll see you next time.
Thank you for this phil. I came into 2020 at a low and now.. well, I think it goes without saying. I appreciate your candor and hope from here on out that you feel loads better. I hope that for all of us lol.
I hate children
I would rather not be taking medication for my mental issues, however it’s a normal medical issue and sometimes you simply need the medication.  I’ve been working with my MD for years now trying to find what works best for me changing the dose on one and adding another.  It’s amazing the difference that it makes.  And it’s not like I turn into a robot or zombie when taking them, and if you’re having side effects that interfere with your quality of life it’s time to talk to your doctor about trying something else.    It’s a real medical issue and some people can work through it with seeing a therapist and making changes in their life, and others need something more.  It’s no different than having other issues like high BP, or diabetes, some people can keep things in check by changing their lifestyle but others may need to take a medication.  The only difference is that mental disorders were taboo for so long and everything was so hush hush (which is why I can’t get that portion of my medical history even though I know certain people had serious issue). I have major depressive disorder, recurrent, along with anxiety and panic attacks, big deal, I take medication which helps, meet with my therapist regularly, and my Psychiatrist every three months to make sure my meds are working.  The only real issue is that not everyone understands that I’m not just depressed or anxious, and all that I can do is explain what it is that I go through.  Sorry for the word vomit but I had quite a day yesterday due to it and shared a video with my parents this morning which actually explained a lot of what I go through.
love ya, friend! so grateful for your vulnerability. side note; have you ever rocked the mustache? because I think you should
"I don't want you!" I cackled
So much love ❤️ I am so sorry 😞
I love content phil and you get me through the week and this year has been hard on me but listening you to and having people to talk to always helps and keep it up I’ll be here for all of it
I need to hear this and I hope you know how much I/we all appreciate the things you do. You've kept me somewhat sane since March. I support you in your mental health journey. Be safe and kind to yourself too.
This might have been my favorite video from Phil this year....  Also that voice over in the middle... You should do that a lot more, it was very relaxing to listen to.
Miss you and miss Linz!
Goddamn Phil.... you hit way too close to home here. Just got out of the MHU "Mental Health Unit of the hospital" myself due to stress, generalised anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder two weeks ago myself. My brain needed that break, combination of the right meds and professional help you're talking about. Without those, I would not be here here today writing this.   Kudos to you my friend!
I was incredibly happy when you mentioned you started taking medication. I've been taking medication since I was about 11 (I turn 19 next month!) for my own mental health issues. Of course, as you said, it doesn't help everything! You have to put in your own effort too! But openly talking about taking medication for mental health issues is so incredibly stigmatized even in 2020, and it's amazing to see the creators I look up to go through some of the same experiences as me :)
Honestly this is something that I can learn from. Thank you, Phil (subbed)
Nice to meet you Again Phil you can and will get through this love your face
Jesus my dude how much I feel you... this year has finally helped me see my need for medication, getting the same help as you. I found your channel 11 years ago, when I was 13. I only cared about celebrity drama and so did you. You grew to care about the world and politics as I did too. Ive been slowly getting worse, just as you, and get help at the same time. Thank you for letting us see you grow, and letting me and everyone else grown with you. Thank you..
You will probably not see this, but you have been a huge part of my day to day for over a decade now. I nearly have every one of my dinners with you. Thank you, I love watching you grow (even though I am younger than you). I have no idea what I'm going to do when I don't have your videos. You're literally the only YouTuber I relate to and look forward to seeing,
As Bill and Ted would say "Be Excellent to Each Other"
This was awesome. Hope you can make more wholesome videos like this. Not to say your other videos aren't awesome.
Damn, Phil. Really appreciate you opening up and want you to know that it was you who got me to start therapy years ago and it has done a world of good for me. We love and appreciate you and hope your with us for many years to come. Love yo face!!
This was really nice.    I recently had to have some unexpected major surgery and my life has been totally turned upside down.    It's so hard to be patient with yourself, especially when you're so used to just getting on with things.   Sometimes we have to slow down for a bit and that's okay.    Grateful for your presence in the world.
So open and honest! Thanks for this I love it!
I miss the vlogs.
Phil, my mom succumbed to her mental health issues when I was just 7, roughly 25 years ago. That devastated my family when I was a child and still affects me to this day. In my own search I've realized that things are never as bad as you believe them to be, you'll always have people who love and support you, finding things and people who make you happy is truly what's important. Don't tie yourself down to constructs that make you unhappy. Be honest with yourself and others. As someone whose been here for more than a decade I believe in you. You're an incredible man whose accomplished more than some will ever dream. Take pride!  Whether it means anything to you or not, you mean so much to so many. You've done great so far, you beautiful bastard.
We love you Phil!
Much love to your face Phil (and to the fam)! ❤ I can't express how happy this video made me, I felt a level of calm and normal that I haven't in a while. It brought me back to the early 2000s, back when you were vlogging on the Flip camera. The news, the shows, etc.; they have kept me (and I'm sure others) grounded during this hell storm of a year. But, this video reminded me why I love y'all so much; your deep love for the community and desire to be authentically connected with us. Thank you for being a constant source of stability in my life, I would be lying if I said you haven't helped influence the man I am today. Love ya you beautiful bastard ❤
Nice Vessis... I have the same type.
“I don’t want you!” I SCREAMED
Seeing your son laugh cured my depression.
Damn. I would never have guessed even after watching your content for years. Hang in there! Self care is something i struggle with as well. You've given me much to think about. Thank you
This was right on time. I have struggled with depression my entire life. I am currently in therapy and it has been a huge help.  Lately I have slid into a depressive state. I have really been kicking myself about my weight.  Mentally I want to change,  but I can not find the motivation.  I feel like all my energy has been in working and trying to keep my children and myself sane during distance learning.  I'm not sleeping, eating like crap and pretty much do not leave the house. This has caused me to easily gain more weight. Any way this video helped.  Made me feel less like a failure.
Getting strong Casey vibes and for all the best reasons 😊 Love ya Phil Stay safe man ❤️ Physical health improvements will help your mental health ✊❤️
thank you for your vulnerability. I appreciate it, and can't wait to hear from you again
We love you!
Lmfao I wasn’t trying to cry today lol. I struggle with mental problems and I’m not in the best shape but hearing someone I really look up too also going through it. It’s the “I’m not alone” feeling. Thank you Philip de Franco and I’ll continue to support you and your content. Have a bless day.
Thumbs down for too many commercials. Just a joyless cash grab. Boo!
I started lexapro two weeks ago, this video means so fucking much thank you
The rhythm in their speeches are almost on point with the guitar music. Almost sounds like he’s making a song.
Carter’s must have a certain personality I guess “I don’t want you” is something I would have said as a child 😂😂😂😂
I’ve been there too. In a lot of ways it wasn’t even about my body or my weight. I’ve always enjoyed exercise but when one of my best friends died it spiraled. I would become obsessive over exercise but also what I ate and didn’t eat. I eventually got better until a few years later my 19 year old best friend died and it was even worse. It was all about taking control of a world that felt completely beyond my control. I couldn’t control or prevent the death of someone who should still be here today, a person who did nothing to deserve a stupid idiotic death and had so much life left.  But I could control every calorie I ate and burned.  I got my shit together much easier than most but I can remember the feelings. Focus on everything in this video that you shared with us that made you smile. Those are the things that will make you ok.  Remember to make time to find the good in the world and maybe take more time off. I found that being as immersed in global and political events as you are is very bad for my mental health.
I think you are great!
we love you Phil ty for all that you do!
What a beautiful bastard. You dont understand your impact on youtube. Love yo Face.
This is something i needed thank you, it helps loads hearing the people i enjoy are also human and makes me feel more apart of something whole. this year has pushed me to brink and i went to some very bad places, but i came back and working on myself to get rid of those thoughts. and no its still there and it will always be there but i wanna grow from it and understand why i felt the way i do. I was always the type of person to bottle it up and soak up the things that bothered me and always felt i had zero voice. I let people influence me so badly because i was searching for something to be apart of. That i literally never enjoyed the person that i am. i changed lifestyles and trends and everything to fit the bill of what others liked and never stood true to myself and it devoured me whole. I lost a lot but i never feel like its a situation where nothing is gained because its wisdom of something new that entered my life. So all those that struggle or feel alone or feel like giving up. Find that peace among yourself and stay here with us because there are peoeple, things in our life that will change everything for the better. Seek help and find the thing that makes you feel good, that makes you happy to wake up in the morning. It is there and its there for everyone.
Self love is so important and so easy to neglect.
Keep them going and thank you Phil!
Glad you are doing better.
Thanks for reaching out, I now it difficult to admit you are hurting and need help.  I have had mental health issues since I was a teenager, and know where you are coming from. Thanks for sharing,!
I recently opened up publicly on my instagram about my own self harm through food and my struggles with food. It helps to let people know and no, it doesn't magically fix them, it makes you feel less alone knowing others are working through it too. Keep at it Phil!
Wait huhhh lindsay and phil have been together for 29 years??? That has to be a joke right? ...right??
Go phil :')
Thanks for sharing. You are so brave and beautiful.
Learning to give yourself grace is not easy. I’m a chronic pain and chronic illness warrior
This helped. You beautiful bastard.
I just started taking Lexapro this year too! It has helped me so much. This year I had to get a pacemaker, my dog passed away, and went through divorce all during the pandemic. It’s rough and there isn’t anything wrong with admitting it and getting help.
Thank you for this ❤️
Nice bro, this year was shity for me too.
I am glad I watched this. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing.
The EDS community is here for you. I have an eating disorder too. You're not alone.
“I don’t want you! 😠” 😂😭 Literally my 5yo daughter...
Damn. Thanks Phil. Needed a little pep talk today.
We love your face too. I’m a fair bit older than you and I enjoy your wisdom and insight on a near daily basis. Keep being you, mad respect.
Sending you all the whole family so much love.
Love your face Phil! Get and keep yourself healthy, I need you in my life, at least at this conjuncture. I've also been working out since the pandemic started, I'm determined to come out of this better than I went in.
Glad you're able to share Phil. Didn't notice the weight to be honest lol but glad you're taking care of yourself better! Also daily family walks and a good hike man. Game changer. Let nature show you how damn good it is
Lexapro gang where y’all at? 😤
Should  call the video s hi im Phil d
Bro welcome back. (Fan since 09, our oldests are the same age)   I always feel like I relate to you every time there's a hint about your shitty childhood, or your humor to deflect heavy subjects.   I have a parent who was a nightmare, they made me grow up way too fast and assume responsibility way too early, and I see that in you too.  I'm also crawling my way out of a deep one, and if I can do it, you certainly can. Rooting for you and the famjam. ❤
This was so beautiful. Always appreciate you and the fam Phil💗
Your family is adorable!
im not gonna lie when u said 'eating disorder' i cried. as someone who has struggled and is still struggling with weight, food, body image, i sincerely am glad you are taking steps to get better.
Thank you so much for sharing this with us. 💖
I thought Carter was an infant dude what happened?
I fuck with this.
so proud of you for being so open!! love you philly
Thank you for sharing your shit Phil! We have nothing else in common BUT we’re in the same fucking boat and or sucks so bad!!! All the best to everyone who reads this! You’re not alone! 😘
Really needed this one man. Thank you 🙏🏻
I'm working on getting into a DBT group. It's weird to realize how depressed I've gotten too and it feels weird to reach out for more help than I'm used to reaching out for. Thanks for sharing this.
*TWENTY NINE YEARS????????????????????????????????????????*
Not gonna lie, kinda needed this right now. Thank you Phil, for this and the many amazing years of content. Wish ya and the nation the best
Love your honesty ! Your honesty gives other people strength 💪🏻 keep hammering brother !
My dude! I've been watching you since you had that intro song. While it's not the same, I've been dealing with something similar. I'm 6 foot 4, and I weigh 164 lbs soaking wet. My issue is medication-related, but I think I understand your plight. I know you'll never take the offer, but I'd love to Zoom with you if you ever need an ear. Well wishes to you and yours. Stay safe.
Thanks for this Phil. I've been with you for quite a while (since well before the kids) and I'm not going anywhere. Love yo face!
“Listening to myself like I was someone that I cared about...”  I didn’t realize how much I needed to hear that until you said it.  Thank you.
We love you Phil thanks for making our days better it means a lot
Thank you for sharing this. :) I feel so much of the same things. I often wonder if I would have survived this year without my son.
Same
This put a smile on my face. Thank you good sir. I appreciate both you and Linz so very much!
I’ve been doing therapy bi-weekly for depression for over a year, I went down after being home for 6 weeks for my mother’s passing away last April 10th. I don’t binge eat, but I understand not liking yourself. Sending lots of prayers
We love you Phil 🤍
Stay safe and healthy or we'll punch you in the throat!  In all seriousness, you have support here and I'm sure with your family as well. You are strong, you are believed in, you can get through this. Thank you for trusting us to share your struggles.
What happened to your voice lol
Trey has great comedic timing
Eustress :) , this is kinda perfect since I have a stress management final tomorrow, but eustress is the good type of stress we feel in order to keep ourselves motivated and it’s actually beneficial to you, and for you it’s your kids and that’s the awesome, keep up the great work Phil!
Hello
I’ve become unreliable this year. Every day is a battle
For many of us who are in our low to mid 20s now, Phil is like our internet step dad(dy hehe) who got us through those awkward middle and highschool years. Love yo face you beautiful bastard!!
This is genuinely what it’s is to be human.
Phil thanks for opening up! I'm glad you are getting help and have support through this!
it blows me away how well this is filmed and edited, the content is certainly poignant and worth internalising, but DAMN phil has the skill
Hi- it's nice to see you again where your not doomsdaying the news :)  You've always been like in a corner of YouTube I circulate and you also carved out that niche of the first true community I ever fell into with sourcefed  I've never been doing fantastic but this year takes the cake. And honestly it's nice to reconnect. I'm glad to hear your taking better care of yourself. I've restarted therapy but fallen off medication. I feel like I'm heading towards my own doomsday with my family and the choices I have to make. And I'm just trying my best and it's comforting to see you trying your best too.  I hope your doing well Philllll
Phil, thank you. I love your show but even more what you bring to the table; integrity, intelligence and a very clear message of caring for each other. You care, and it shows. But caring hurts sometimes. You're a good man Phil. Now it's time to take care of you. All the best my friend
Thanks for sharing! Helps people like me who are also struggling feel less alone. I have anxiety and I have definitely been over eating during the quarantimes. But therapy and meds help!
This was excellent, I love the little family snippets. But I feel like you focused a lot on Trey and Carter and I don't want the oldest child to be left out, I'm sure Lindsay would be sad if she weren't included.
I'm so glad you're taking the time to listen and care about yourself. So many people discount their own struggles because "something worse is happening to someone else" and while yes, that is true, you can't physically do anything to help change this hypothetical person's life. You only have the ability to change your own. I finally decided to take the time to actually focus on myself this year, since we've all been locked down anyway, and I still have a long way to go but that doesn't change the fact that I have already accomplished so much this year. Just take it a day at a time and stick with it. The small goals will add up to huge results.
Practicing self empathy is probably the greatest skill I've ever added to my mental health toolbox -- I'm happy you've added it to yours <3
I thought I was the only one going crazy this year. !!!!  I love the show but would love to see you do something different!!!
❤️ you got this
Trey, charming as ever, meanwhile... Carter becomes a person, with opinions and stuff.
Take care of yourself Phill. You're a good father, a good husband, a fantastic content creator, and an all around good person. It's hard to remind yourself of that sometimes but there's a couple hundred thousand of us that have no problem reminding you.
this speak volumes to my soul thanks i really needed this
Teaching special ed during the pandemic has come with added challenges, sending my ADHD into overdrive and causing waves of anxiety. It’s gotten a little better since I gave it the name ‘ADHxiety.’ Music gets me through a day at a time. Like Phil said, be kind to yourselves. 2020 gave us lemons and told us to make orange juice. ☮️
Hey Phil! We post completely free follow-along treadmill videos on our channel (including all 9 weeks of Couch to 5K), in case you want someone to virtually run with while you get back into shape. Sending good vibes your way!
I appreciate the vulnerability and your face
I've a Desert Storm vet which primarily means (at least for me) that mental health is always a concern and confronting my various problems is priority. But it wasn't until 2020 that depression became a serious issue. I am the kind of person who likes to go out and meet people, I socialized regularly because it is good for my mental balance. The major down side is that  I also have adult-onset asthma which makes Covid-19 exceptionally dangerous for me and I am restricted to the house because the options are literally Live or Die.  So I contacted the VA and they set me up with a psychologist and we worked through it and now I'm on Sertraline to help with my depression. Medication doesn't fix anything, because you can't fix your mind; what medication does is allow you to not be dragged down by what ails you. It allows you to cope in a healthy manner. Good on you for getting the help you need and after this whole insanity is over, maybe we can put the meds away and get back to life as it should be. Best of luck to you.
I’ve been struggling lately as well.. I appreciate you being so open and honest   Helps to not feel so alone 💛 Love your and your whole families faces 💛💛💛💛
hmmm  i dont know for me it is difficult to even type / write i  dont where i go with this.. but here it goes just 1 note i attach to this please i have no clue how to relate to people. i have been diagonised with a personality disorder called schizoid so for  the  world is different i never knew i had it but to my family they always saw me as something is not quite right even as child.. i didnt go to a mental  institution because of my inapt to connect to people but  rather for my depression it was just difficult to understand what was wrong with me. it isnt a normal depression i always felt just alone and no friends the few contacts i have is my brother and 2 other people that is and cant not really talk to anyone .. i  always have been alone.. hmm in a way it is fine .. i seen my grandparents die  ... the pets we own die    last year  a  dog that my brother and i had  had  died .. i am like okay it is gone and  i move on.. i live on my own..hmm dont know .. there is much more but i just want to share abit..it is all i can do is  hope someone find some comfort in this.. the personality disorder  schizoid i am glad they found a missing piece.. it still doesnt help .. i am still in a way drowned in the noise of my mental health. for me it helped to give it a name that was last year.. your brain is good for asking questions but never find the answer .. i am 29 now.. bye
Can I just idk.... I don't know the words I'm looking for ... just thank you. For sharing this, for showing people "normal" looking people can struggle with an eating disorder, for showing people "good" parents can struggle with an eating disorder, for publicly talking about it, for showing people men can struggle with it also... for making me realize I should maybe start thinking about seeing someone.   I started not eating when I was 12 not as a way to loose weight but as a way to have some sort of control/structure/deal with physical abuse and neglect. I got help at 17 and haven't had any problems until this year. I'm 28 5'11" and my weight today is 128lbs... This year has just been unimaginably difficult from being high risk because of autoimmune disorders and medications to not leaving the house with an autistic/ADHD/ODD 9 year old and 3 year old sense March to home schooling to my husband having to quarantine every few weeks and loosing income and praying we don't get evicted like 45% of the people in our complex because most of his coworkers don't believe the virus is real ...  I don't actively try not to eat, I don't plan it out, I don't obsess over it. It usually isn't until I'm so hungry that it hurts or I have a hard time doing anything that I realize I haven't eaten in 2 days or I'll open a snack like chips/sit down with a plate of food fully intending on eating all of it and instead I'll take a few bites and then start offering it to my kids or "save it for later" on the counter until my husband throws it away. Around June my husband started noticing and going out of his way to ask why I wasn't finishing my plate and even started making it a point to sit down and eat next to me (we have a tiny apartment with no table so my 3 year old eats at the coffee table, 9 year old at the computer desk and then I usually eat in the room on the bed and my husband eats with the kids on the couch) and eat as slowly as I am or flat out just bugging me until I finish. We've talked about my past with anorexia and I can tell he's getting really worried but I don't know how to muster up the courage to do anything about it. I'm afraid of judgement, I'm afraid for my kids, I'm afraid of I guess loosing that control...
hey phil, maybe put a trigger warning at the beginning? that would be super nice :) talk abt ed’s can trigger a lot! no hate here love your vids, just a suggestion!
Love yo face 😊
Nice to see YOU again. Thanks for being vulnerable; I know I personally needed to hear "give yourself some slack."  Let's keep up the good fight. ✊🏻
Very nice video Phil, good work.  I know eating disorders often affect teenagers so I hope some young people will see this and see a grown ass man with some success also has a similar struggle and is doing his best to deal with it and be inspired :)
did yall move?
Hiiii phil!
Thank you for sharing that with us.
This was wholesome and adorable!! Thank you for reminding me that I am not alone!
There is nothing wrong with knowing you need therapy and knowing you have the means for it being about attach yourself to the help. Heck I would think that knowing you can do it and then knowing that others would feel depression because they can't with be a loop for you. It's great that you can get some help in all different aspects! Everyone needs to be able to do that! That's the nice thing about it being a mental depression or something is in your head. You have the opportunity to find out and work on it. Yes, things may fall back to where they were but talking about it can help give yourself and others strength to get through it.    The best part of this is not you, nor your wife or children are in the physical hospital where there is an actual problem that they can only do so much to cure it. Just trust me on that.
What camera is that I wonder...
Thank u Phil! Thats all I have to say.
for something not planned out this was cut together so very well
You got this
Gotta say Phil when you came out about your eating disorder it hit me on so many levels. The comparables to my own life and my own kids is astounding. I too have gained so much wait over this year due to my mental health. Trying to be better and take care of myself.  Thoughts and love to you brother.
This video got me in the feels real hard, Phil. Why you do this to me? Why you making me cry?  No, for real, I'm so proud of you for coming out and admitting the issues that you've had with your eating problems lately and your depression.  This has been by far the lowest year of my life and I've been going through absolute hell because of it. But we're not alone , we're all in this and we all have to get through it. One day at a time.
I needed this today.
Ahh...what a breath of fresh air.  Hopefully you decide to do more of these, it was great. Cheers!
Thank you Phil...just thank you.
Thanks for sharing and being vulnerable, it helps those of us also struggling with depression and anxiety ❤️❤️
Does the text line work for U.K.? If so how is is it via WhatsApp or something?
I'm glad you are getting the help that you and your family deserve. Much love to you all xx
I feel ya Phil. Currently sitting at my heaviest ever.
I'm sorry to hear that you've been struggling so badly this year. I personally have had it pretty easy (I'm a hermit pensioner who rarely goes out or interacts with people anyway) but I know that many have struggled with these drastic changes to their lives, be it economical, social, etc. Hopefully, everything gets better in 2021. Please keep up with your medication, exercise and therapy in the meantime. You are deeply loved by your family and truly appreciated by your fans and you're important to the news cycle because you try so hard to be unbiased.  *Please don't read any further if your head is in a self destructive place right now.*  Not to drag you down but to provide some CONSTRUCTIVE criticism for this video in particular though: The edits were interesting, entertaining even, but I feel that they take away from the sincerity of this video. It's like you record a line or two into the camera, then stop and go back to your normal life for minutes to possibly even days, then put your sincere act back on to record another little bit. Because it's happening across time with the same expression and tone, it feels like you're putting it on rather than sitting in the moment and really talking from the heart. Across most of those edits, I personally think a voice-over works best, at least giving the impression that it's all done in one smooth talk, until the end when you do the one unedited talk to the camera.
Omg it’s been so long since I saw either trey or carter and they’ve gotten so big what the heck
TFW Phil's son has better headphones than most people
It was so nice to see this from you, Phil. I'm so sorry you've been going through such crap. I hope it gets better for you and that the steps you're taking help you, I really do. Those boys are so adorable and between them and Lindsey it's so nice to see that you have a good support network around you (along with your friends too!) I do hope you post some more of these, though I also know how it can be hard, that you don't want to seem like you're complaining. But that's not what it is: many of us out here do like to know how you're doing, if you're doing okay, on a personal level (and without being too intrusive into your life ofc). We worry. We all hope you're doing okay.   This year has Not Been A Good Year for many, I think. I was diagnosed as being in a Major Depressive Episode sometime in July and put on a cocktail of antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds. Tried to take a knife to my arm at one point. Next week I start CBT. Nervous about it, but trying to be hopeful. Baby steps. It is what it is. 2020 has been a bit of a dumpster fire. Roll on 2021. May it be a better year for everyone here.   Y'all take care.
CARTER IS ALREADY THREE YEARS OLD? OH MY GOD. Time flies
thank you for sharing!
Thank you, thank you, Phil. I've been watching your show for over a decade and hearing you say the things that I'm feeling give me comfort and motivation. Thank you for helping me and the rest of your viewers feel a little less lonely in this world. Thank you for reminding us that its okay to ask for help.
Saw the title and was expecting a jokey twist. Love yo face. Take care of you
Thanks, Phil. Proud of you. It's a bit of a trip to look back and realize I've watched you grow because I've watched for such a long time that I've grown with you. And. Yeah. I'm proud of us. Hang in there. We love you.
Hi Phil! I've been following you for the past few years. Seeing this perspective of your life has been really reassuring. I've been struggling a lot over this past year both physically and mentally, and it's nice to be able to see that someone that I look up to as a young adult is also struggling with the same things I am. I've been depressed and I've started therapy as well as some medications to help me out. I'm about the same size as you as well and seeing that made me realize how self conscious I am about my body. Thanks for being honest Phil.
Bro, I've been watching you since my last years of high school ('08-'09). Your show is quite literally the only consistency I have had in my life for the past 12 years. I have learned more about the world from you than I've ever learned from any mainstream media Outlet of any kind. I'm grateful for all the content you have put into the world because if you hadn't told me about certain shit I never would have thought about it in the first place. Because of this video it's been kind of crazy and also kind of amazing to see your boys grow up and to see that Lindsey is doing great.   I know that you say thank you to your viewers a lot but I really just want to say thank you to you. You've helped me through some seriously fucked-up bullshit in my life that you'll never even know about.
Awesome to share your struggles! As Someone who struggles with EDNOS, it helps to know we’re not alone and you articulated something hard to explain very well. Especially powerful to share about disordered eating as a man! We’re all just ppl coping as best we can ♥️
HOW FUCKING OLD IS PHIL THAT HES BEEN WITH SOMEONE A YEAR LONGER THAN IVE BEEN ALIVE AMD I THINK OF HIM AS MY AGE¡!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for this, for you, and for normalizing vulnerability. I think er all needed that *hug*
I have watched you since ~08/09. I have also had an eating disorder since then. Therapy, medication, time a big combination of everything and more. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't work as much as we needed. I love you Phil. Hearing these words helped me, I was literally in shock hearing you say this. Thank you for sharing i know how big that is 🤘🏻🤘🏻
Hey man, you're enough. We like you, we like you, just the way you are... ;) Sometimes we need to hear the messages from silly shows like Daniel Tiger that we sing to our kids.
Lexapro gang!!!
Wow the kids have grown so much since I last saw them! I like these more personal videos. I. Glad you're taking steps to getting healthier. This year has been the worst year of my life and I've just completely let go 😬
Nothing but love and appreciation here for you baring your soul to us. It's not easy. But you are a very good human being, and I believe you are already on a better path for yourself and for your darling family. Much, much love.. It's nice to meet you again.
Love you too Bud!
First! Great camera. Second! I love you! Not just cuz you're handsome, lol...I'm so stoked to have an open and unsure and communicative and cool and successful representation on yt during a time when we need genuine connection. Thank you. It can cost a lot putting yourself out there. I appreciate you, man. Happy holidays and some peace to you and yours.
Didn't know I needed this til I got, so thanks man.
Love your face Phil! Stay strong fam you got this! Fatherhood is crazy but we wouldn’t be human if we didn’t have our break points.
Please do these more you have been a huge part of my life over the last 5 years you helped keep me updated on the world around me and helped kept me here in the now. I mean for real youve helped me feel smarter more informed and just more prepared for the fucked world. I love you you beautiful bastard please keep doing what you do cuz what you do is great.
Been watching you since 08. Good to see you sharing your struggles.
Thanks so much Phil! I really needed to see this and hear you. I really appreciate you!
Big hug & thank you for being so open.
I feel this so hard. Big hugs. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and struggles. Appreciate you. I hope you stick with everything and get to where you wanted to be.
phill please just grow the facial hair out :) love ya
Been watching you for most of my adult life and it's always a joy. Thanks so much for continuing when it gets hard.
Thank you for this. Message received, Phil.
:)
Well! I had no idea you also had this channel! I just know the Philly D that reports. I've never commented, but I noticed your disappearance for a moment. Always try to tell people, you come first, you cant help anyone else the right way, if you don't take care of yourself. It was great to see your family, and see a more human side to you. It does *in a super odd way* help to know we arent alone when people like you also fall into such human emotions with everything going on. Just wanted you to know, out there there is a family in Ohio that watches you almost every day, and loves to hear your take on whats going on in the world. You've got this, stay motivated!
We love you, Phil.
So much fucking love philly be you do you do whatever the fuck you want you’re gonna kill it you’re gonna have a billion abs and a billion subscribers don’t think about this too much just be happy all the fucking love man. BE HAPPY PHILLY we’ll always support yah my guy. Always
I'm going through a personal problem for a about a year and during that time I developed feelings for a girl because she made me forget completely about my personal problem, we talked about everything and joked about.  I've been hiding it from her because I didn't want her to be worried about me but I'm certain she found out part of it.  I wanted to start a relationship with her and we even went out on a few dates but, because Ive been struggling with my personal problem, I don't feel ready to even try to start a relationship so I basically didn't make a move.  Nowadays we basically still talk because I message her and she does still responds but it's not the same. It pisses me off that I probably could have shared with her what's going on with me and she'd probably would have supported me but now, after hiding it and trying to downplay it, I've ruined 1 of the only good things I've got... So yeah 2020 sucks...
I feel ya. Ive put on 40lbs myself and i too started on meds. Which honestly, i never thought id have to....but man. What a fucked up year and being in the healthcare just made it that much worse. The amount of stupididtybis at an all time high and im dont deal well with that. Lol   Happy trails my friend....ill be here listening.
Thank you for sharing this.
As someone who has relapsed hardcore into an eating disorder during this pandemic, I do feel you Phil. It's a hard place to be, and a hard time to try to be healthy and make good choices. I'm proud of you for being honest and vulnerable, because this shit is so hard. Sending love and good vibes your way.
Thanks for sharing!
Love you brother, I always watch the philly d show and you really inspire me more than you know, remember behind every comment and every tweet there is a real person who actively loves your content :) never be afraid to be open with us about your life because we’re always here to listen
Grow the damn mustache out. Tom Selleck style. Glad to see you getting help, seeing the finer things (kids), and growing even more as a person. Missed these kind of chats.
Good man
Phil, I love your face and it’s incredible that you’re talking about this and getting help. I hope it inspires others to be vulnerable and get help too. I’ve also missed hearing from Phil the person. Nice to see him again.
I MISSED YOU TOO PHIL 😭💞💞
Massive respect, and great share :). Just starting to slim down again, it isn't easy. You're not alone, let's do this!
Clean cuts, felt great. And fantastic message. Your boys are great, hope you get a palatable to great Christmas 😅.
time to bring back joe
You have NO idea how much I needed this. Thank you. Be well.
Said a lot of things I needed to hear.
We've missed you, buddy. Take care of YOU!
I’m only 24 but I’ve been watching and I’d like to think growing with this channel as a young teen to young adult and I wanted to say thank you. Thank you for always being level headed on a show that is not always positive. For being an inspiration on how to change yourself no matter what circumstances you’ve grown in. Thank you for being my friend and in a sense role model. It’s kind of weird I’m sure but when I tell my girlfriend about what you’ve covered in a video or what cool sponsor I saw I always start with “my friend Phil showed me..” and I know we’ve never met and it’s a bit of a joke but it’s also a sign of how well you have connected with your audience in a way that’s different. I just want to say truly thank you to my friend Phil.
You’re a delight. And I feel your sons attitude so deeply. Thanks for showing up in this way and being so candid with us. 💕
"I don't want you" omg my niece does that too XD
What can we do to get you to grow out that mustache?
As always thank you so much for everything you do Phil 🙏🏾 i need to exercise more too so i need to follow your lead lol
yooo Phil this was really open I have a lot I need to adress as well a lot of unregistered emotions and body positivty I need to consider and hearing you talk about this stuff makes me feel less out of control.
This was really lovely. Nice to meet you. Loved hearing you’re happinesses that you’re children bring you.
Hey, thank you so much for talking openly about ED stuff. I've gone through recovery myself and something i noticed was that men specifically had a lot of trouble being open with the fact that they had one, and being willing to get help. Just sharing that you've been dealing with this will help so many people. :)
Awesome message Phill, love ya face!
Needed this little reminder. Love your face Phil <3
I'm 400lbs, depressed, 2 heart surgeries, no work for 1 year(in which time I had those surgeries), SVT, Type 2 Diabetic. Fear of living in the Snow for winter. Trying to do Disability cuz of Heart, Anxiety, Depression, Back/Knees/Neck. Trying to lose weight, while on pills with horrible side effects. No Income, unable to get Unemployment, cuz I stopped my job as a chef do to health. So while I understand your depression. Just remember as you said your in a far better situation than many of us.
Is this.... a Vlog??
Love you. Appreciate you. Thanks for leading with vulnerability. 💛 Loved this video!
As a 34 year old father; videos like this really make you feel that parasocial interaction YouTube is so good for.  I hope to meet you someday Phil, you seem like someone I would love to have a beer and chat the world over with.  The pandemic has made those interactions oh so much rarer.
Mayeb the VLOG would help us both get closer again :P Bring back the VLOG 2021? Maybe? Perhaps?
Proud of you man, glad you’re getting help on multiple dimensions. We all need help sometimes. Hope you have fun with the 5k
Anyone else get a Casey neistat vibe in the style of this vlog? It’s pretty good, serious topic but not bogged down in the one shot one frame style
Wait, so is this channel just for videos like this? Somebody let me know, I'd like to sub if this is the kinda content here. As a fellow 85 guy, it's really cool to listen to someone I disagree with 99% of the time while also having a massive amount of respect and admiration for.
I get the feeling of making excuses in regards to waiting for the camera, but dang this is a gorgeous camera, what is this?!
Thanks for sharing Phil! I've been following you for over ten years even though I'm not in your target group. I saw someone who spoke eloquently about issues I care about, and that's good enough for me. Keep it up!
Phil! I missed your vlogs. The personal look into your life and the life of your crew always made me feel much more connected to the show. It's great to hear from you.
C25k was amazing for me/my mental health. Would love to follow your journey!
So genuinely strange to say this to someone I've not actually met but I seriously love you, your outlook on life, and your family 🖤
Thanks, Phil that we had this talk. I really liked it. So stay safe you and your family plus everybody else. Ya keep Rockin.
Thank you for this This year has been difficult and lonely
Hi Phil!
I love the honesty and everything but damn Phil, for years, you've been saying you can't grow any facial hair but I can see that mustache trying to break out, you could absolutely rock a Dad Stache my man. If your family lets you, try it out, I'm telling you the internet will love it.
Eating Disorders are mistakenly seen as only a female problem, but it actually occurs a lot with men but they feel they can't say anything because they won't be believed or will be ridiculed. I'm glad you were willing to acknowledge this, Phil. Men also need public figures to show them that they aren't alone when it comes to this. ♥
Rock on, little brother. I very much appreciate you. Thank you.
Thank you for all that you do Phil, you're someone I aspire to be even remotely like, and I appreciate the hell out of you
I love this Phil. Please please please do more like these. I would trade this for the pds any day
This made me so emotional! Thank you for sharing this and for making me start to become more positive of myself because it has been a HARD year and I’m a young mom and having my 2 year old has kept me sane and I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for her. Thank you so much for shedding these emotions! ❤️❤️❤️
Thanks for this!
HOLY SHIT CARTER IS 3!!!!!! I have no words, I could have sworn he was born like a year ago at most!!!!
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy has been far superior to other treatments for me, plus micro-dosing has helped too. I'll take this journey with you Phil. I love you guys. We're all in this together.
I fucking needed this, thank you Phil
Carter is so cute! "I don't want you!" omg that was so funny! I watched Lindsey's vlogs when she still did them and remember watching those when Carter was still really little! I think most of us have gone through a lot of these feelings during the Pandemic, especially those of us with mental illness. Thanks for sharing I appreciate this video.
why the heck are your kids so friggin old
Respect for your vulnerability. I think the world is collectively suffering from mental health issues, currently. Kids will always remind you that goodness still exists.
I hear ya about the shape thing. Just ordered a resistance bow to maybe put something together. I hope the exercise will help along with everything else to get you back to a more centered person. Thanks for sharing, love your face and see you soon
You’re such a great guy Phil.
I needed to hear this today Phil. I’m gonna try and give myself a break more often. I love your face dude. Thank you for your vulnerability. ❤️
This actually had quite a big impact on me and has shifted my perception on mental health medication  Thank you x
Damn. Thank you for sharing Phil and remind us that no matter what you’re going through you’re not alone and you can still make changes in your life. Thank you
This is a fantastic video to have out there for everyone, thank you for sharing. Also couch to 5k has helped me and my anxiety/depression over the last few months so I hope its as successful for you 💕
Thanks Phil. I didn't know why, but you've looked healthier & happier recently, and now I know and I'm so, so glad you told us.
Hugs!  You are important to me.  I know when I'm in the dark place... I can't really hear that from someone else (deflect, deny, etc)... but I wanted to leave it there just in case it can help... because you (the human, not just your youtube persona) are important to a lot of people and I know I would miss your face if anything happened to you.  So take care you!  Hugs again!
love you phil. also let the moustache grow out
Lexapro is awesome. It really worked for me. Good luck man
Phil, thank you for feeling vulnerable. This video really hit home for me and I can't express how much I appreciate you sharing this and being real. In a world of chaos and fake news, I never knew how much I needed this talk.
Phil, I've been a fan for years. I started taking Lexapro about a year ago. It's made a huge difference in my life. I'm proud of you for trying medication. Best of luck old friend.
Love your face Phil ❤
I think we all need more of this. I've had a rough life and therefore have anxiety. Hopefully everyone gets the same good feels from this
THIS IS TOO CUTE! Thanks for the more personal look into your life.
Love you Phil hang in there we appreciate the honesty and realness
We love you *and* yo' face, Phil.  <3  We're here for you all the way.
Dang man... thank you
welcome to the mental health meds club! I just started this year too.
Sup Phil! It's nice to meet you. I'm Tyler and I love your content. Keep it up!
Pills don’t fix everything but when you suffer from chronic depression you CAN FEEL BETTER when you are taking the correct meds at the right dose. Please don’t discount this therapy without giving it a try. It can be LIFE CHANGING.
Thank you, Phil. For speaking up and out about your struggle with mental health and body image. You are seen and supported - you are part of the solution.
We all love you Phil🖤
TREY IS SO BIG NOW WHAAAAA 🥺🥺🥺
I've been dealing with a  weed, food and porn...issue on and off for the past 10 years or so but this year it got full blown once pandemic started. I've been pretty lost and guilty about my use of time not putting any effort into keeping my marriage happy. I've been ignoring all of the things I know about how to build upward momentum. Slowly starting back up. I've abused only once in almost a week and starting to see through the haze, I have other shit to fix than my addictions now that I've let things slide for almost a whole year. But one day at a time I guess. Good luck to everyone else living in the fog
Thanks for sharing, and being so open. It does help to hear that we're all in it ❤️ Thanks for showing the boys, keep up that hard mental-health work!!
Love seeing this side of you. Its been an incredibly hard year for me as well as a lot of people. Fortunately I'm. Fiscally stable with a gov. Job but after a hard breakup and losing trust with some family and close friends I been incredibly  isolated and dont have many options to connect to people with this pandemic going on. Your show, podcast, and such has helped and been a viewer for the last 5 years. Love your face and hope to see more of it and a more happy face
Thanks Phil. :)
Dude! Carter has grown up so much!! I remember when he was just a baby. Wow!
Thank you for sharing. I have also had an eating disorder that was exacerbated by the shutdowns. Orthorexia (basically i starve myself except for alcohol and then binge. Link below) im grateful that you shared. Ive tried to talk abou this to my family and people don't believe me; they think im just saying i have ED to get attention. Maybe your sharing will help people start believing so its easier for those who need help and support can get it. P.S. VA services does have assistance and group therapy for Eating Disorders please ask for help everyone. You are loved! https://www.nationaleatingdisorders.org/learn/by-eating-disorder/other/orthorexia
I've been on an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer for years now. Along with a LOT of therapy, I really feel like my medication has helped me have a healthier baseline to work with when things get rough, and I can feel how my brain feels overall a lot more balanced than it did before. Meds don't fix everything but they can help a LOT. No shame in that. Thanks for using your platform to fight stigma and to have these important conversations in a way that feels open and comfortable
Gosh, Trey and Carter have grown so much. I hope that the DeFranco family has a Merry Christmas and that 2021 won't be as bad as 2020 has been.
Proud of you Phil! Thank you for being vulnerable!
Hey you are not alone. Glad you had your family.
Thank you for being open about this. I've developed an eating disorder myself this year and to see someone else going through the same thing is so helpful. It reminds me that I'm not alone in what I'm going through.
Eating disorders fuck you up on so many levels. I've struggled with bulimia and anorexia since my teens,  and so much of what you said here ,Phil, is on the nose, self love and care are truly the things I was missing out of life and this disorder as well as problems like self harm or substance abuse really make that apparent (in hindsight for me anyway).   But also just wanted to say I always appreciate creators being open with their problems and wanted to thank you for that Phil, it's a creator opening up (the song "Me and Mia" by Ted Leo and the pharmacists) that helped me realize what I was going through is more normal than it should be, and that theres no shame in admitting you have issues.  So thanks Phil, truly it must be uncomfortable to open up on the scale that you did, but it was brave and I wish you only the best on your journey to better yourself, hope to see you back here soon:)
i missed this too mr defranco if there is anything i could use in my life it’s more of you just vibin
Hey Phil thanks for this I’ve had really hard time lately.  I have problems will mental health and have my ups and downs and am finding this time to be a major down.  Long time ago I was having hard time and got out of it lost a ton of weight and was loving life.  I’ve had a few failures lately feeling shut in with no outlets like working out and have put weight back on and don’t see an end to pandemic.  I’m really sad and alone and finding it hard to write this. Thank you for your content it’s been a big help for someone to see the crazy and scream “what is going on don’t be stupid stupid!!!”
Get on that trampoline and stagger up a good workout while your kids laugh in a loving way. I have 3 grown boys. Excercise with the kids is the best. Look what I can do!
it's really nice to do this when you sit there and you watch these entertainers or people for news or for whatever reason on YouTube you kind of lose them as a human being.  I love that you've done this multiple times where you just get back to the roots of it and touch base and be like hey I'm a person like you guys I may be a little privileged but I'm a person still
Thanks for sharing Phil! When I’m bored or lonely and feeling aimless I watch your shows. Let’s be less lonely together.
My mental health is the worst it's been in 7 years. Just trying to take it day by day.
This was so needed. Thank you Phil 🙏🏿
I've been a big fan of the show since I was in middle school in 2010, and I've missed you Phil. At the center of everything you put out, I've loved watching the wya you've changed and evolved. And it takes so much strength to show this amount of vulnerablility. Thanks for being you. I've enjoyed getting to meet you again 🖤
Ive never seen this side of you and honestly it was really refreshing and only increased my respect for you. You got this Phil!
honestly very excited for more of this :)
Thank you for sharing your story. EDs in men are so rarely spoken about. I hope you're getting the therapy you deserve from a qualified psychologist and dietitian. If I can add one thing it would be please throw out your scale. Focus on moving your body and nourishing yourself from a place of love. Do what you enjoy. Recognise the benefits on your energy levels and ability to run around with those beautiful boys. Don't define your worth or health by your relationship with gravity.
This was really nice. I did get a Casey Neistat vibe from it, are we now meeting Pasey DeNeistat?
It's good you're taking the extra step of medication, but don't stay on lexipro any longer than you need to, coming off of it will put you out for multiple weeks.
I remember watching trey in diapers on his moms (Liz defranco) YouTube channel 😭 he’s so big now!!!
I love this :)
This is gold content
I support you.
Thank you for your strength Philly D. Many blessings to you and your family 🙏
Love you phil
I’m 22 and everything you’ve said in the back half is so relatable. Thanks for normalizing it and encouraging me, means more than you know.
Why can't I like this more than once.
Missed you bud, don’t be a stranger! ❤️
That camera is soo good you can see Phil's facial hair just a bit.
DeFranco got a beautiful house.
So proud of you for talking about this, I hope you have the support you need and continue to take care of yourself! Lots of love
I have seen your face every day in some sort of format for the past.. shit, 7 years? You don't know me, but I know you. You'll get through this, Phil. You have to, because, as selfish as it is to say this, I need you to.. we need you to.
You're the only personality in the industry of entertainment, whether it be music, movies, youtube, gaming, sports, anything. You're the only one that's had a genuine impact on who I turned out to be as an adult. I started watching when I was 17, it was 2007.  31 now and I take genuine pride that some of my characteristics are there because I grew up with you. We've both made similarmistakes and grew from them.  I've never even met you, never exchanged words, I've never even seen you across the room at some con.  Just wanted you to know how much I appreciate all that you do. You'll find your path to better health, thank you for sharing something tough. Stay excellent!
I miss the family vlogs!  I had no idea Carter was so big!  holy shit!  Thanks for this, Phil.  I DO love your face.
Fuck my dude, thank you for sharing about your eating disorder. Thank you thank you thank you for sharing. I stand with you. I'm with you. I feel you. You deserve health. You deserve everything you want. Sending you love and strength. Recovery is possible and it is worth it.
Hi, Phil!
You're awesome and I've loved growing with you over the past .... decade that I've been watching you for the news. Appreciate the honesty and vulnerability, love your wife. You're kids are adorable 🙂 Happy Monday
I appreciate this video. I've been dealing with a lot of the same feelings but without anyone to get out of bed for, and it's been a real struggle to just do it for myself instead. So good luck to you, Phil, and good luck to anyone reading this ❤️
I feel like you're the brother I've never met.  Plus you inspire me. We are the same age and your success and vulnerability has helped me out alot. Been struggling lately to put out content on my new channel but man...yet again, you get me up off my ass and moving.
Thank you for your truth, you have been with me through everything and I appreciate you and your work so mucg
I NEEDED THIS VID THE MIN MARK HIT ME IM GOING TO LISTEN TO MY SELF
SO MUCH LOVE. So much love. I’m also on medication, and have been in therapy for many years. Hearing these stories reminds me I’m not alone.
This is too cute!!!! Gaahhhh! My heart!
I've been watching your videos for that past 6 years, and your videos are one of the few things that help me keep my sanity and keep me living in the real world. You truly have helped me get through and understand some of the most insane things that go on in the world. I hope you start feeling better and more like yourself. Thank you for all you do Phil, I hope one day I can meet you to tell you this in person.
As someone with severe depression all the little things are important in your well-being. Nonetheless Medication can bring someone like me out of suicidal ideation and severe depression, to just moderate depression with the ability to function for the most part, capable of actually getting better with therapy. But seriously I couldn’t even really do therapy without medication my mind was so dumbed down because my depression just made me stupid LOL. So it’s a really good tool to help a lot of people get to a place where they are able to use other tools as well. :)
I love yo face, dude. I think we're close in age but since I've started watching your videos this year, you've felt like this actual adult I looked to for guidance. I don't have children but if not for my niece and nephews, I would absolutely be in bed 24/7. These last few year have been the hardest I've ever faced. This year especially, I've felt myself slipping farther and farther away from hope. When I get a notification that you've posted, I see that you've kept going so maybe I can too. Though I've been watching for the last year, it's nice to finally say..nice to meet you. <3
What camera is it?
Good to see ya man, I hear you, I see you, and I appreciate you.   Stay well, we will all get to the end of whatever this is, eventually, and it may hurt less if we’re all nice to ourselves along the way.
love the editing and hope ur doing good!
Thank you for making this video.
transitions gave me bill nye vibes
Sorry for what your going through. I know we don't agree politically but I still like your show and value your opinion. Even though sometimes I just rage comment. I don't think you ever have read them but lol. Best of luck buddy! Keep doing your thing 🙂
Love ya Phil :)
Thanks for catching up with us Phil! I've been watching you since the beginning!
thanks this really means the world to me. seeing someone you look up to admit that he needs help is really great. Not because I feel bad for you or that I feel the same way , which I kind of do, but mainly because I really appreciate you taking care of yourself and the first step is really being truthful about it. I'll try to do the same on my side, Lets keep improving ourselves so that one day we can feel good about what we do, not just because it's what we like but because it's what feels right.  on that note, I love your face, and wish you the best.
I started working out 4 months ago and it’s helped tremendously! Always makes the day better
I didn't realise how much i missed you Phil. I see you every day (almost) but i haven't felt like i've SEEN you in such a long time. Keep speaking up, keep sharing your joy... you don't need to be 'on' all the time. Love you man <3
Carter is 3???? That means I’ve been watching for over 3 years! How the time flies 💜
Carter was so funny!!!! OH MY GOD! "I don't want you" lmao
Phil. I noticed you have pretty eyes. :)
Everyday people have mental health issues. And people with mental health struggles are everyday people. Thank you for sharing your struggles so publicly, Phil so that it normalizes it. Personally I have PTSD. Trey made me laugh, thank you needed that giggle fit.  I got a service dog to help me live independently a little over a year ago and he is the reason I get up every day - to care for him so he can help me live independently physically and emotionally. Thanks for being you. Love yo face! - Kelly
I love yo face too man 💜
This year has been quite the struggle, mentally. Thank you for sharing this. Love you and your family, Phil. <3
hey man, it's great to see you taking care of yourself. and its great to see your beautiful family. I hope you find the connection you are looking for by sharing your life. we all need a little more connection nowadays
Hey Guys, Phil Neistat here.
Thanks for sharing. I just lost my job and my fiance has some mental health issues making her go on short term disability, so December has no income currently and all plans for next year have stop and I can't get out of my head. I tried getting help and that failed and like you, I don't think a pill can fix everything, cause life is the worst game. So much pay to win but yea. Hearing this got me out of my head a bit and I thank you and I'll just remember to not be stupid, stupid brain.
Phil you give me hope for myself and others so um.. thanks
0:53  i have the same watch
Thanks for speaking up. Been going through some similar issues myself. Sometimes it feels "easier" to suppress or flat out deny that you have a problem until well, it becomes a problem.
Thanks for that Phil
Thank you for sharing Phill! You got this! One step at the time ❤️🤗 and btw, you have a beautiful family.
Hi Phil 👋
Thank you for sharing. Hope you do well with your struggles. They are valid. You are valid. Your openness and your channels have helped me with my struggles, so I thank you, and send my hopes and prayers for you and your family. Enjoy the holidays. Be safe and be well.
Damn great vid
Holy crap.  I didn't know I needed this video today, but I'm sitting in my room crying.  Thank you.
Very cool!!
Hi Phil! We are beautiful bastards. We love your face.
Love you, Phil! Life's a big messy thing with lots of ups and downs. So many of us have to unlearn how we were taught to handle the downs (alone, silent, ashamed). Thanks for speaking out about your struggles & some of the things that are helping right now. It means a lot to me to hear a healthy perspective from someone who gets it. Hope things are good for you, you got this!
You’re wonderful.
I'm sorry that this year caused you do much anguish that you took it out on yourself. Happy to see that you've taken control of it and you're on a path. Here's to hoping we get to see more of you here again soon
Thank you for sharing Phil! I’ve missed these videos too ☺️ I’m so glad you are working on yourself and I’m so PROUD of you. Be gentle on yourself! We love you 💕
this was a great much appreciated video but with the constant cuts and transitions mid sentences / thoughts, it made it seem scripted in a way and less genuine kinda like "i'm gonna say this part here, stop, cut, switch locations, where was I, record"
I’ve been following you over 12 years now and I just want to say I appreciate you, I appreciate the hard work you put in every show, and I’m so thankful for your vulnerability and realness.
Same, same, sadly same, and same. We love you Phil
It takes enormous courage to share your feelings and be vulnerable. It's been a hard year and no matter our where we are at, our feelings are valid. You are an amazing human being! Keep being you! You are doing great!! Lots of support! :)
Really loved this personal, honest and transparent video Phil :) so proud of you! However, a trigger warning when speaking of depression and, especially of eating disorders, would be a really nice addition ^^' some people aren't on the other side of things yet...
Thanks, Phil. I've been struggling with the heaviest I've been in a long time. I finally started just going on a long walk every night. It's helped not just b/c of the exercise, but b/c I finally realized I need to just get out of the house to clear my head. Being isolated as my wife and have been has been so hard.
Hey Phil. Thanks for this video. I really needed to hear it. I've been trying to tell myself to be nicer to myself lately, but it's so hard. It's so difficult not to feel like a failure when nothing I'm doing feels like it's successful. I really needed to share in that vulnerability with someone, to have them share it with me, and so thank you. If we're being honest, I've been feeling very suicidal in the last 3 months, but I have so little energy and motivation that I just can't act on it. There just feels like there's no hope. So, thank you for trying to connect with people and be vulnerable with them, because having that shared sense of pain makes the dark thoughts a little more bearable.
And what is this camera you're speaking of?
Damn man, I'm feeling the exact same way. both physically and emotionally. Good to hear from backstage you!
Man, I remember when you were not a parent. Look at how far you've come. So awesome seeing you grow.
Dude, I appreciate you sharing this with us. It was very brave and I'm proud of you for the steps you're taking to be in a healthier place.   Not gonna lie, this video does make me feel less alone. It's been hard, forcing myself to do the things i know I need to do to feel better, because "nothing matters, what's the point?". And I think somehwere in there I forgot that I do, in fact, matter. And that's reason enough to try.
3:43 It's working, you look less like a couch already.
You have a beautiful family and a lot of love in your life, but life is also hard. Never be ashamed to ask for help. I spent a few years of life on Prozac because I was suicidal. It took a lot for me to realize it was not a weakness but just life.   Nothing wrong with being sad ever now and then, but remember to ask for help when needed. There ARE people out there who are willing, wanting, and capable of helping.   But it's not a one sided thing. It takes effort and work on your side as well.
Hey guys i want to be more vulnerable and its difficult to open up HEY LOOK FLASHY EDITTING
We love you Phil!
I thought this was going to be about ignoring the while Dr. Mike stuff lol
Carter is 110% my 3yr old son. He is constantly like "NO MAMA/DADA. GO! *points to another room*" He's....something else lmao
Thank you so much for being vulnerable. I've been struggling this year, just as many have, and seeing others being honest with their experience humanized how this year feels to many people. Thank you so much for being open! We support you (:
Nice to hear from you :)
Love.  So much love and honest joy seeing you be yourself and try to take care of yourself best you can.  We're all here for you Phil
Keep searching for your light and don't lose sight of it.
We love healthy personal growth in this household, well done Phil!!! Thanks so much for taking care of yourself, and encouraging others to do the same!!
Hey Phil. Thanks for sharing! I’ve been going through a rough time too. I lost 50 pounds last year and have been too terrified to check a scale again. I feel like I’ve gained it all back this year and I’m going through a rough time even ignoring everything going on in the world. I don’t know if I have the energy to change and try to go back to being healthier. But I really appreciate knowing that even people like you are going through tough times.
Thank you Phil! I’ve definitely had more mental health struggles during this year than ever before and appreciate the openness.
a theater in your home? you rich rich
Love you Phil!
Soooo, are we getting "I don't want you" merch?
Lol he’s been fat for over a year but he’s blaming the pandemic LOL sad bro, just don’t blame covid
Thank you for sharing...it does help with feel a little less lonely.
..Thank you for existing.*
Phil's bout to be on Will Smith level
<3
The boys are so big!  Take it a moment at time, it's all we can do.
Phil, I'm not your biggest fan but I wanted to thank you for your honesty/vulnerability and using your voice to advocate for mental health.
I love you! You beautiful bastard🐒
I have nothing else to say but truly, thank you, so much
I completely understand the struggle you're going through.  This past year I also went on Lexapro and it was not easy one bit, and for a while there I regretted getting help because things got so much worse at first.  It took me several months to tell I started feeling somewhat normal and it's still not easy but it's improving and I'm glad to hear you are working to better yourself.
I do like your face, Phil. I also like your soul and spirit. Thank you for sharing a small part of your story. I’m rooting for you.
Phill im glad you are better and improving. You are and still actually a big part of my life. Started watching you in O9 starting hs :) and never stop watching since. Also did I spell your name right? Is it with two ll? Or one l?  haha love yo face! And time  to go back to the show haha
I've struggled with mental health issues the past 10 years, but it's not easy to deal with if you don't have money. Even as a software developer making more than the average person, I can't afford a therapist after I pay off my medical debts, student loans, rent, and the other bills I have. I keep a very strict budget too but I feel like I'm stuck in an endless cycle. It's hard when you don't have supportive people around you to listen: it's not something I really want to talk to my friends about, I feel like I'm just wasting their time. But here's to hoping tomorrow is one of the good days!
Love your face Phil,  Those boys are grown up they are both so big 🥰
First of all, those transitions were an absolute treat to watch! Second of all, I'm so grateful you were able to share this, it definitely is important to talk about and it absolutely will help people to hear it (at the very least, I know it's helped me).  Love your face Phil, stay awesome!
Hey Phil, I have the same Ed.  I’ve found « brain over binge » really helpful
Hi Phil! I hope you start feeling better and finding your way ❤️ I’ve watched you for many many years and I wish you all the best. But I wanted to ask you something too. I really really wish you could address Dr. Mike and the things that he did. I’m trying to see it as just a mistake but as a person working the front lines, I just cant accept what he did and I genuinely feel betrayed. We’ve all worked so hard to keep things afloat and it hurts me to know that a creator I found, enjoyed, and trusted completely ignored every piece of advise he gave and potentially put many lives at risk. I’m curious to know if anyone else has felt this way. Maybe its just me being overdramatic but I’ve always held my standards high when it comes to my peers. I’m not asking for trash talk or a hateful video. I just want to know how you, and others, feel about it and I want to know I’m not alone in feeling this way.  Thank you ❤️
I had a really bad year last year. it was probably the worst for me mentally. I even scared myself with my apathy for life. I came across this article and although I cried most of the way through it, it really helped give some perspective.   If you're struggling, find life preservers. Things that keep you tied here. It isnt as hard as you might think. It may seem trivial, but for me it was my cats. I couldn't live with the thought of leaving them behind and the possibility they wouldn't be cared for. It seems small but even the smallest things can give you the motivation to keep going.   Thank you Phil for being open about a topic that too many are ashamed to. And they shouldnt be. It makes us human. For anyone who reads this, I'm glad you're here. you can do this.   https://theoutline.com/post/7267/living-with-passive-suicidal-ideation?zd=1&zi=xzol23k7
A pill doesnt fix everything, but it gets me out of bed so I can work on the rest.
I'm glad you are facing your problems earnestly, and working to fix them. As you no doubt know, You are the biggest example to your sons of how a man should be in his life. Good times and bad. From what I can see, you are providing a good example to them.
Proud of you for talking about this Phil. After my dad died when I was 13 I used to throw up after everything I ate. Age 17 I got help but then realised that it didn’t help my depression. Age 26 after many years of struggling with my mental health I went on meds, and they’ve really really helped. I’ve been on/off them for a few years but 2020 has made me realise that if I need them then I’ll take them. I’ll not see it as a failure. I hope you start feeling really much better soon.
Really Phil! Listening to you talk about your boys made me a bit emotional.  Hope you all have a great Christmas!
I mean we can just look at the last two Doctor Mike interviews and we can see the massive stride forward that Phil has made into his mental health and stability.  I'm so happy that you are making those strides forward with your eating disorder and mental health as a whole.
Love seeing you via iPhone !!
love it, its great to meet the good ol Phil I have watched and laughed with for the last 10-15 years.
Thank you for this Papa Phil! I feel seen and heard by this, I too have been struggling. Proud of you for nurturing and caring for yourself!
Please remember to Be Kind, it doesn't cost you anything. You never know what someone's going through. 💕 Thank you Phil for allowing yourself to be vulnerable and open up to the world about what you've been going through. That's got to be extremely difficult but it's even moreso commendable. Thank you so much and take comfort that you're not alone in your struggles.
So wonderful to see the fam again. Glad you’re taking care of yourself. I am trying to get better at that as well. So easy to give all your time and energy to everyone else!
im glad i came over to watch this. thank you
I didn’t know how much I needed this heart to heart. ❤️ Thank you for being so open about your struggles Phil!
Wow dude - so much respect for you putting this out there - I look to u as a lighthouse in this hostile social and political climate, and i know we all appreciate you being so honest  - really inspirational
Very Beautiful Family
This was great. Please do it more.
As part of living, we're fated to have our stumbling block.  Holding on to what is most important, if we know what that is, I expect is a good strategy. Still hard though.  Anxiety seems to hit us, by just finding our personality deficits. Our brain annoyingly (but sometimes usefully) pointing out where we feel not good enough. (And no one is ever good enough on the internet where you reside.) It's a different life situation to myself, but I still in part related to your struggle. Thanks for sharing.
Damn, Phil.  Wish you would have posted this on the main channel.  More people need to see this.
Amazing! Just made me all happy and warm inside! what we need this year, a little uplifting.
It’s so nice to see videos about these topics.   TW: eating disorder stuff  I’ve been struggling with anorexia relapses on and off for the last couple years after almost 10 years of recovery and it’s definitely a difficult thing to talk about. My family really doesn’t “get it” and are constantly reinforcing it by complimenting me on weight loss despite being fully aware of how severe my ED was before I recovered. But because I’m not skinny anymore, it’s as though having an eating disorder is socially acceptable or encouraged.   It’s exhausting and depressing to feel alone with it, to feel like your family and society at large would prefer me starving than mildly overweight. And being physically disabled with severe pain (and taking meds that cause weight gain and worsen fatigue/sedation), my options for healthy weight loss are limited. It’s frustrating and disheartening.
You and your family are beautiful.
BE NICER TO YOURSELF!   Love you Phil, needed this message. I think many did.
lexipro is fucking amazing. We call it Ciprolex in Canada but same thing. It has some how made me feel like a normal human again. It was like "whaaaaaat"
Love is a strong word. But it isn't nearly strong enough to describe my appreciation for this video.
100 mg Zoloft and 220, I am so out of shape it hurts. Thank you for sharing ❤️
Wow. Thanks for the shot of positivity and candidness. Much respect. You have a beautiful wife, beautiful kids, and a beautiful heart. Love yo face! Hoping we can all get more Ws!
Had a good cry watching this wonderful family listening to each other, laughing with each other.  What a wonderful message from a wonderful dad.  Proud of you <3 and Thank you~
Thank you for your vulnerability. I’m so glad that you have gotten the extra help you need (I’m on Lexapro too). And well done on pushing yourself to do the couch to 5K 👏  Thanks for being you, Phil.
Thank you for sharing. As someone who deals with an ED I happy you shared.
Anyone whos feeling like a waste of space during this quarantine, take my advice: Pick up a creative hobby, something to put hours into, with a visible (non-cash) payout at the end. I'm generally in a dark place, but this year I started REALLY trying to draw, and draw consistently and I feel a little better about myself every time I notice a genuine improvement in my art.   Theres options, even for people without the "creative" spark. Get into model kit building, get lego sets, learn to draw. It doesnt really matter what type of "creative" outlet, but something "hands on" with a visible payout (finished work/model/art/etc)  If you need a suggestion, or lack funds (but have SOME kind of pc) I tend to suggest 3D modelling in Blender. You can learn to create/model real world objects, or other peoples works, so you dont need that "creative" imagination as much, plus Blender is 100% totally and completely free. Even a potatoe can do SOMETHING with blender (rending may take a while for low end systems)   Heck, even start doodling on your mobile device, theres a bunch of free apps there (at least for android) and even if its your finger tip doodles, its something to start!
before I even clicked on this video I had a feeling you were going to talk about bulimia. that's so weird that I was right. I'm so proud of you, men talking about eating disorders is always so powerful. I have anorexia so I know how it feels to turn to food for control or comfort.
Thank you Phil! As always, I appreciate that reminder that I'm not the only one going dark... and not just this year... this year just made me way more aware of the mess that is my head and emotions. So I'm right there with ya, and sending my love and gratitude!
Last year I ran around 65 pounds off my body, this past year I've gained 75 pounds back... Running helped me feel better about myself, but wasn't the solution. It's good you're getting positive steps mentally and physically. I probably should get back to it as well
❤️❤️❤️
Wholesome stuff
I needed this today. 💙
Thank you for being open about your eating disorder. I am too recovering from an eating disorders and have struggled with it for many years. Seeing anyone (especially male presenting folks) talking about their eating disorders. It really does help. For anyone struggling out there, please know help is available. Discussions are necessary. You are worthy!  Benourished.org
I have PTSD and after 6 years of therapy and some lifestyle changes, my doctors and I decided that a low dose of lexapro would be helpful for me too. It makes every day just easier enough. Hope it helps you too :)
Looking forward to the conversation chief
Glad to see you taking care of yourself!  Kiss from France!
I'm on Lexapro. It works, but watch out for the death of your sex drive.
Love your face too Phil. We climb out of the hole the same way we sunk down into it-an inch at a time. We all kinda have to try to climb out now though. We hit bedrock. Its time to pillar jump up and out folks.
I was hospitalized for anorexia when I was young. While I never had bulimia, anorexia was tough. I never told my friends why I was in the hospital because I wasn't brave like you are, Phil. Your honesty gives me a lot of hope for both myself and everyone else <3
The anxiety in the entire video just keeps building lol
@Defranco Does We 💖 your face!!
Time to start doing hardcore drugs phil, that's really the best thing for you right now.
Hey Phil, I've been a fan since 2012 and I've struggled with bulimia since I was 17 (in 2014). I can't tell you how much this video means to me. Thank you for being so open.
Great stuff. Very honest.
I thought he was going to explain what happened to TIA
As a person with bipolar 2, thank you, for reminding me that it's actually good to give myself some slack.
grow a evil twirly moustache
Well, a least there wasn't any piano music...  Thank you for sharing  Increasingly, that isolated, unworthy feeling is central in many lives. Knowing that this journey is survived is uplifting. Triumph is leveling up, not so much. Survival makes you a superhero some days.
I love everything about this video
This was great and just what I needed today. Thanks Phil!
God bless Philip wish you and your family nothing but the best !
congrats I celebrated my 30th with my wife this weekend too
Word.
Appreciate the fuck out of you, Phil
One of the most heart warming videos I've seen because it came from a real place. We love you Phil and no matter what ever happens personally or professionally, there are people out there that care about more than the content you've put out. There are people out here that care about YOU. Much love brother. <3
I love this Phil! I’ve been a fan for nearly a decade, and I started Prozac about a year ago, I was super against antidepressants for myself for most of my life, but they can improve your outlook and attitude and just make it feel like you’re living a life again. I’m so glad to hear you’re running too, those two things are basically my own treatment plan, it made me glad to hear the same for you!
Shoutout to all my LexaBros. Love you all with slightly less conditional love than I would've supplied a couple years ago.
Love you Phil
As someone who is following Phil since the "If you don't like Mountian Dew F#$@k You" Days and has stepped out since Trump taking office becuase of the natural toxicity of politics and has recently come back I am so glad you made this! I am glad to be reintroduced and caught up with your life! And am glad to see someone stepping up and owning their struggles this year. I started a buisness a year ago October and needless to say this entire year has been a battle. I hope things get better and am glad to see you are taking steps to try. As a loooong time follower and fan thank you Phil for just being there!
God it's so nice to see you in this light. To see more of the Human parts of you. I've been struggling with that myself so I'm glad you are taking strides to do that. I'll learn myself one day. But again thank you for this Phil. You are awesome. Love ya face too
well shit i havent seen tray since he was a baby this feels weird. or at the end of sourcefed
Thank you :-) thank you for being open and honest.
thanks for sharing phil
Phil! So proud of you bud! I work in general psychiatry and have spent the majority of my time working with children and adolescents. It's so important for them to hear an adult take ownership of their mental health and get on top of it. There's no shame in the game of needing help whatever form that takes. And everyone's different. Some people need meds, some people need therapy, some people just need exercise, and some people need all the above! The point is to get better for you and yours and be happier. Much luck on your journey brother, appreciate your face!
I was on lexapro too (in my teens). I’m so happy for you that you’re being so honest and genuine and badass about your journey! 🖤serious dude, you are a hero to me. I’ve been watching you for many years and watching you and your wife develop as people and go through life and have kids etc... has been an excellent adventure. I miss this! I miss the personal videos :) 🥳 Keep taking care of you
Wow, that was so heartfelt 🥰 thanks for sharing
Many of the OG youtubers flew off the radars while others have had scandals. Glad that Phil has grown and is learning to take care of himself so that he can keep doing his thing. Love this dude.
As an adult living with an eating disorder that didn't creep up on them until their mid-20's, I am grateful to you for speaking out/up with this. Much love, Good Sir.
I love this side phil, awesome edit!!!
This video felt like the intro to a blues clues episodes
I needed this today.... Love your face Phil
Thank you for sharing this, Phil.  You’re so loved and you give me so much hope.  Please do more personal videos like this.  It’s good for your soul and for ours.  Take care!
We appreciate the honesty probably more than you know. I've been fighting my depression & keeping it all inside bc I'm in the best relationship & my relationship with my family is finally back to being great, but I'm still struggling. Thanks Phil
I love this. Missed this side of Phil. That being said, why do I feel like I just watched a cooking video? 😂 Just me or is this music from a Tasty video?
Love your face
☀️Ermergerrrrrd your kids are just the sweetest !!!😍
For some time now something was different about Phil, but I couldn't figure out what!! He has new teeth!!
Hi Phil! Nice to see you again!
I feel this... at a point where I may drop out of college and lose my job... just lost my grandma... and I'm at my lowest. No idea what to do..
I appreciate you!
We love you Phil
My boy is also a Ryan fan lol
I just realized that your relationship is older than I am....... I'm 28
Definitely love yo' face too. I've been watching you since the beginning and I always loved your vloggy-type stuff as much as your newsy-type stuff. Good job recognizing when you needed some help. It takes strength to admit that. 💗
Common man, Biden won the election right? that's going to solve EVERYTHING. *wink* That was #sarcasm on my part.  Anyways, thanks for the good advice on the mental health thing as well. Your probably  under a shit ton of pressure with all the stuff you gotta deal with. Just goes to show we  all have our own little personal hells to deal with.
Very wholesome I needed this
I would love to get stoned with Phil and talk about the universe and just life in general. That would be a great time.
I’m glad you feeling better, it’s a good reminder that anyone can get those feelings. Love you!
Sorry to hear you’ve been holding all this. Thanks for sharing and I hope the road gets easier for ya. Good to see ya face! ♥️
I have been subscribed to you since 2013. You have been a part of my WHOLE adult life and even more. I have seen your ups and downs and you 'were there' for mine. I'm probably not the only one and I dont think I'm any special kind of subscriber, but just know: You have been an integral part of my day to day life for 7 years now, you shaped me and my opinions more than you probably know or like and I'm looking forward to what ever may come in the future and hope that you and your channel will continue to be part of my life for a little more. :) From the bottom of my heart, I appreciate you deeply and it's nice to meet you again!
Absolutely love this!! This year I put on more weight then I have put on in 5yrs. It’s insane that we teach our children that self care is important but then don’t practice it ourselves. I’m going to work on some things, nice to meet you...again 🥰
Wholesomeness that we all need
Hey, Phil. I just wanted to let you know that you're not alone. I have depression abd, some days, getting out of bed can be a struggle for me. I'm going to therapy but, it's still tough. Oh, and, btw, I miss your face.👍🏾
Hey Phil, I love you and your Fam.  Please continue to be aware of your emotions. After 6 years on Lexapro. I came off this year. I don't recognise who I am with feelings. I had become such a drone. I'm just starting to get on top of my emotions again. But I've definitely found that after years of not really feeling anything, anger has been the hardest for me to control.  I feel bad, because my Kids will do something a little frustrating. I snap and yell at them and tell them off. Then when I calm down I apologise. Which is just as confusing, One minute they're being told off, the next they're being apologised to.  It is so very confusing for them as they're also having to adjust to this new me. They've never had to see me like this. At the same time. I now am getting all of the happy and joyful emotions. I am enjoying time with them more, they're responding much better to me now that I am more human. It's  been a big learning curve for me, I am still extremely emotionally volitile. But I feel like I get a bit better every week.  Make sure you do what you need to, do what you can to be healthy and happy. Just be careful and please don't lose who you are.  I'm wishing you the best and sending all my love. Good luck!
I love this. Its so nice and positive and sweet.
So nice to meet you again Phil
Trey is so big now🥺🥺 and Carter can talk 😭😭.  It’s really good to see you in this format again.
Aww Phil I got so emotional when you brought up your kids. It's crazy how, as a fan, I've seen you and your channel grow and seen your family grow too. You are honestly the only youtuber I truly trust on this platform because you're not only honest but you also try to be as objective as possible and open-minded to other perspectives. And I feel like you're not afraid to be vulnerable which speaks volumes for someone who's an OG (and part of the best group of youtubers imo). Your show has been such a positive constant for me over the years and it's help me with my own mental health journey.  I guess TLDR, thanks for everything Phil and nice to meet you again.
This video hit me at the right time, and gave me two important questions to ask myself consistently:  What have you done today to progress towards a healthier life?  Have you given yourself slack where you need it?  Thanks for being you, Phil.
Yo it's crazy to think that most of us have been here since the big a** clock u had in the back round on the wall. Before you had kids. Look at them they have gotten so big!!
it’s a good face, i like it! ty for being vulnerable for us <3
commenting for the algorithm
We appreciate you too
I really appreciate your vulnerability.  I know it's not easy to talk about these things.  I'm so glad you did.  It helps.  <3
One-octave-lower-voice Phil is the best Phil
I love your face Phil, please be nicer to yourself you are doing your best and we see you.
Thank you! Love you and your family, Phil!
Sending all the love to you phil <3
Phil, I know you didn’t share for pity, but I do empathize with you. I weighed the same the day I graduated in 2001 as I did the day I got married in 2015. I gained a little, but then started exercising and dieting and in February of this year I was in the best shape of my life and in the best mental state I had ever been in. Needless to say, 2020 decimated all of my progress and I’m now carrying 60 extra pounds. Sharing this just made me realize that I’m not alone, and that I need to take some steps to get back on track. No matter how bad things get, my dude, we can always make it better. We’ve survived this far, and we can thrive if we work for it.
Hearing you open up about your eating disorder as I struggle with binge eating disorder as well is so comforting. I know the struggle you face and I get it. I finally admitted last week to my therapist that I might need medication for the depression. It's nice to hear you also made that step. It makes it feel a little less scary.  Thanks for being open and just showing yourself a little to us. Thanks for showing you a few moments of your kids. They're pretty great.
I grow to appreciate you more each day. Thanks Phil
I’ve done the truffle shuffle 4-5 times, Phil. Just hit that maximum carnage heavyweight limit for myself (244ish lbs) and hit the reboot button in September. Down to 221-222, took 2 weeks off (maintaining) and back at it again as of today.  This is mostly diet/sleep only and a gallon+ of water a day plus some thermogenic and CLA pills. Will be adding light cardio and core strength soon and drop the next 25 lbs to get a Broken Hero weight of ~178-183 lbs.
💚💚💚 this was just lovely
Thank you for talking about this. Nice to meet you, again.
<3
Welcome back you beautiful bastard.
PAPA PHIL STILL GOT IT
I’ve missed these vlogs. 😌
This was beautiful. Thank you! x
Thanks phil, i think i really needed to hear that man. Love you man, hope you become even happier
cool and all but can u dub the video with an alex jones impression? Really craving it rn for some reason... much love!!!
So, what’s the vlog rig? What camera, mic, grip, etc.
You look really Italian today. Its a good thing.
Ah shit, @Casey better get ready bc PhillyD is coming
<3
you are a good man
It's really nice to hear from you like this. I love and follow the show, but I've missed your more personal content. I hope your soingt good and crushing that 5k
I've lost about 35lbs since the start of August. I'm an uncle and I just don't want to feel like I might be constrained to the side lines. So keeping motivated and eating better, and exercise is what I've been doing.
The shows taken a serious hit because the whole reacting to the news took over. The best PDS was when it was more like today in awesome, not today in “the worlds gone to shit”. Hopefully you bring more of this energy back to your show in the future.
Wow, you do not look like a 250-pound dude. Still, congrats on taking steps towards making yourself healthier physically (but especially mentally!)
This made me cry but only because it made me realise how much I've been spiralling this year.
these videos are the reason i have stayed subscribed for 12 years
This is super cute, love ya Phil
I pity the fool...
I been watching phil since I was in 8th or 9th grade. I'm graduating university next semester.
It was so good to see Trey again, and man how fast Carter grew up. I watched the Defranco fam vlogs religiously back in the day, and it was so nice growing up and seeing genuine day to day thoughts and interactions. Lindsay has been such a role model to so many people.   Also, thank you Phil for being so open about your journey with your weight and eating habits. It's so nice to see a person that I admire talk about human struggles they go through.  Very excited to see some videos on this channel, but please do not feel any pressure to make any content that you don't want to.  I think your fans just want what's best for you and your family <3
Thank you for being vulnerable with us Phil. Love you 💕
This is exactly why we love yo face. ❤️
Casey Neistat who ?! !
Thank you for letting us know it’s normal. Sometimes that’s all that’s needed.
Love you Phil! ❤️
Awwwww this made me smile! My mental health has been the worst its ever been this year, and not feeling alone is the best gift you can give someone!!
Love ya Phil!!!! Missed these type of videos from you.
Thanks for being you Phil
Thanks Phil!!  2020 has been a rough year on so many levels.  It was also really good to see your kids...they are so big!!
Appreciate you!
Well damn this was a fantastic display of extravagant wealth Not to detract from the health and wellness stuff, which is very important and I'm glad you're moving in a positive direction, this year has taken a toll on us all but hot damn that house, that theater that a 3 year old has to himself atm, that basketball court, that ever so coveted PS5 Guess envy is my sin of choice today
I wish there was a love button. Phil, you have gotten me through an abusive relationship and divorce, highs and lows of depression and anxiety, and I’m forever grateful that I know of you and get to be a part of the nation.
Really appreciate this video. I think for people who have had time where they are really depressed. It is hard to realize when you are only kinda depressed, but those are also important and worth getting help with.
Great vid Phil!! Like excellently done. I’ve been watching you for more than a decade and it honestly has helped to see you (and linz) be normal human beings <3  Thankyou for sharing
quarantine made me develop a bulimic eating disorder too, binge and purge cycles and all, so thanks for talking about this so publicly <3
Thank you
This gave me old school youtube vibes that made youtube great in the first place. Being able to feel like you're connected to the person you're watching. I appreciate everything you have done Phil. Been watching for 10 years now. You have made my life better and I have never met you.
Damn good message Phil.  Thank you for taking the time to be vulnerable and showing your progress
I love this🥰 I love when YouTubers are just them selves and vulnerable and talking to the camera about issues in their life or any topic. It feels like your talking to a friend. 😁
This hit me right in the feels.  Love yo face. Glad to have you back
I really needed this video today thank you Phil
Love ya Phil
God bless you and your family, Phil.
Love that you have always been a huge advocate for mental health. Also, Trey and carter are adorable and Linsey is the best I love her IG stories.
This makes me so happy. I love seeing Phil outside of the show!
Mental health and medication goes hand in hand. You can't do talk therapy or medication alone for some people. I'm on lexapro and it definitely helped me.
This is a touching video my dude. Continue getting help and loving your family.
How many transitions should we do?  Phil: Yes.
I really needed this. Thanks phil.
Is your kid wearing Sennheiser‘s?!
Love real phil talks!!! What a rough year for everybody!! Nice to see your fam 😄
What camera was this filmed on?
I really freaking needed this today!!💜
We are here for you! We love you!
Was going to comment about those transitions but i didn’t wanna take away from how much i actually loved this. I always love these types of videos. Holding out hope that one day the office vlogs will come back. Sending love to you Phil! I too have recently just started working on actionable things to combat my depression. Looks like I’ll have a buddy 🤗
Thanks Phill, you're a cool guy
a few points: 1. Phil, your kids give me an indescribable amount of joy like istg my friggin heart   2. This video was incredibly comforting and peaceful, which is very appreciated considering my almost constant state of anxiety lol  3. I'm really proud of you a for noticing how you feel and taking the steps to improve your health, and with that, your life. It gives me a lot of hope for myself :P  4. For anyone whos reading this, I'm proud of you too. Even if you're at the point where you don't even have the energy or motivation to get out of bed, I want you to know that I see you, and that I feel you. Just remember that the mere act of breathing and existing takes strength, and that is something to be proud of :) You're loved and valid and I hope you have an amazing day <3
I just started lexapro too, I’ve had depression for 12 year and I’ve never gotten treatment until 3 weeks ago. Thank you for sharing this Phil, I broke down telling the doctor I had depression. This makes me feel less alone as an adult dealing with depression. Please be kind to yourself and don’t ever put us over your mental health. Thank you for this video ❤️
Amazing video boss! Quality and message, much luv
You're a sexy beast Phil. Not as hot as your wife, but a sexy beast nonetheless.
TREY IS SO BIG, OMG Also, Carter clearly takes after Linz's sass and personality
I needed this
Thanks for inviting us into your family and into your life.  2020 has been rough, but it's nice to remember we're not going through it alone.
Thank you for sharing this with us. It honesty is hard for audiences to understand that the people behind the screen are just humans like the rest of us. Thanks for putting yourself out there and showing us a side of yourself that you normally wouldn't. We love that beautiful face of yours. -^_^-
Love you Phil, thanks for everything you do my dude!
Loved this video. I am around the same weight right now give or take a few. Would love to see more of your weight loss journey if your comfortable with sharing!
More more more I love these!
We need "I don't want you" on a shirt. 🤣🤣  On a serious note, you rock phil!
Thank you for this Phil. As a long time viewer I like to see the behind the scenes from time to time
YES
Thank you for sharing this and being open about your struggles.It’s a good reminder that we could all use a little more kindness in our life, both towards ourself and others.   P.S I can’t believe how big Trey and Carter have gotten.
Thanks for help to normalize communication about mental health, there isnt enough of that in the world.
Missed the vlog Phil! Been here since the OG vloggity. Tbh I much prefer these more personal blogs to how the vlog got at the end. Loved Joe, but it did feel like the personal connection to The Nation was a bit lost there. So happy and excited to see you vlog again, even if just a bit :)
You don't even know how much I think we both needed this Phil. Thank you for your honesty, you're the friend I get to see every week and today I got to see a little more of you 😊 Love yo face!
Phillip Neistat ?
Wow, Phil. Thanks for putting my baby to sleep before I finish getting ready for work. 👍
Nice watch nice shoes! I got a pair myself 😉
Anti depression pills saved my life
I've loved ya since you was a small time youtuber and I love you now. You have been one of the consist things in my life and I'm so proud you started your road to recovery, men should have equal right to be able to say they are suffering. I hope 2021 is better for all of our sakes!
Damn. This clean editing work.
When I started developing heart problems at the same time I was trying to help support my mother and pull her house out of foreclosure, I developed an eating disorder as well. First throwing up, then calorie restricting and throwing up. It was my only source of control and it somehow helped satisfy the part of my mind that attributed weight loss to success. It was the only progress/success I had in any category of my life. It still rears its ugly head in the worst of times, but being able to acknowledge you’re doing it to help feel in control helps to identify the cause and stop the repetition faster each time. I’m glad you’re seeking care and truly hope you can find balance and some level ground to build a better you off of. Thank you for sharing.
That was nice...keep them coming. :)
this was somehow so weirdly comforting?? idk why but thanks :)
Hey Phil, hope all is well. I was thinking that with the year we’ve had, maybe you could bring back BAMF’s of the year, i feel it would be a fitting way of commemorating those who have helped us get through this year and all the good work they’ve done. I hope you and your family have a good end to 2020, and that they, your team and yourself stay safe given how things are. Great video!
I appreciate you very much.
I'm depressed right now because of so many things going on. Thanks for uploading this Phil. Long time fan, I love you.
Dude I’ve been watching you since I was 14. The entire time I’ve been struggling with my eating habits, and been going through bouts of depression. I’m 18 now, and this moment of vulnerability genuinely made me cry. Not to get all parasocial but I’m real proud of you, and thankful that you chose to share.
Casey Neistat's getting nervous.            Great vid!
Love you phill
Hey dude, this really resonated with me on a deep level. Things have not been good for a while now and COVID just made everything worse. I've wanted to do therapy but being as costly as it is it hasn't been an option. While I struggle to keep as sane as possible, I know at some point things have to improve. Anyway, thank you for reminding me I'm not alone through this.
Yes. More please.
You beautiful, beautiful bastard Phil. <3
Its hard to be vulnerable, especially in the public eye but know that your words will reach those that need help and seeing you get help will encourage them to get help also! Stay strong bro! 💪
Phil we love and support you. Missed your face sooo much on videos like these, I hope that there's more to come. Best of luck anyway, and you got this 💜
This was very sweet, and I'm excited to see more!
I love you so much phil! thank you for sharing your struggles with us, it does make a difference learning that someone you admire deals with issues similiar to the ones you're dealing with. Much love to you and your family!
Proud of you ❤
I need to start working out 2020 didn’t do my body good 😂😂
Phil, this video is clearer than my vision somehow!   But on a serious note thanks for sharing this with us ❤️
Fucking fantastic seeing you Phil!
I no longer practice it but since age 8 was bulimic and then was diagnosed with anorexia nervosa starvation type back in 2013. Just in the past week I was explaining eating disorders to someone on Twitter who genuinely wanted to learn, and pointed out that it is horribly sad to consider, but eating disorders impact men JUST as often as women, except women are more likely to seek help. THANK you for sharing this, Phil. I know it isn't easy to share something so personal, but by doing this, hopefully you bring awareness to this issue and also help a man watching this who is struggling decide he is too good to let society hold him by his ankles to keep him lower on life's ladder. I hope you kick the universe off of you and reach the very top.  Yes, you're in this amazing position, very privileged compared to many, but your mental health and well-being are JUST as valid as anyone else's.   Sending good vibes that the new routine helps you achieve that, and we are with you in this!!   Also, you are the example of fatherhood so many others need to follow but don't. We need 100 million more of you in this world
I know why you moved to the more professional way for the Philly D show but I truly miss the vlogs. With or without Joe, it made the Philly D show feel more human. I'll be honest, I used to watch every day for years but when the vlogs went away it became easier for me to tune out the Philly D show unless a headline caught my eye. I look forward to this.
“I don’t want you” those are feels I have for everyone.
Thank you for this Phil ❤️
Love your face!!!  As fortunate as you are your are still a human.  Thank you for sharing! Be good to yourself! Love your face!
29 years! How old are you Phil? I'm 29 and thought you were like maybe 5 years older than me.
Loved this!!!
The transitioning between certain shots *chef's kiss* Appreciate you being open and honest.
I wish video responses were still a thing for content like this
Fuck the news just start a casey neistat vlog series
Thank you for sharing
I used to do this too, the fact that you are talking about it in public is really brave to me. I never told anyone, not even told family when I was going through an eating disorder. I think my college roomie at the time knew but she was too polite to bring it up. Anyway all the best, it gets better I haven't binged and purged in about 4 years now. It took time to change habits but yeah be delicate with yourself. <3
Really appreciate this video! I have high anxiety as well and it always helps to hear that people I respect feel comfortable talking about it. Keep doing you Philly D and I wish you the best!
Welcome to a new fellow runner. For me that was the best decision I ever made. Nice to meet you!
where tf does time go!! i thought his 2nd son was an INFANT
You've helped me deal with so much this year. Processing information is easier for a lot of us thanks to you, Phil.  Sending all the love to you and your family
One of the best things I ever learned was that if I felt like my life sucked, whether it be the choices I was making, or my surroundings, it was ok to be sad or frustrated. Once I realized what was making me feel that way, I could start attempting to find solutions and make changes. All from a random blogger that as far as I know has dropped off the face of the interwebs, but she was a fun read while it lasted. http://violentacres.com/most-people-are-depressed-for-a-very-good-reason/
Needed this today. Thanks Phil Love yo face.
Phil, no shave November ended 7 days ago.   Just kidding, love your face too 😜
❤️❤️ sending love Phil
Been struggling with mental health issues pretty much as long as I can remember and an eating disorder for the last seven of my 23 years. Thank you for talking so openly about your own and encouraging me to be a little kinder to myself today. You talking in this video has made today a little bit easier, reminding me that I'm not alone and that other people are trying their best too.
I feel like we need to seeing more of Carter eating you up! I love kids being mean (but not in a bad way) to their parents. Lol
What's the camera you're using btw
This brings joy. Not that I find joy in others struggles, but your family brings joy. Thank you for this video.
Love this for YouTube
Yesss PHIL GO OFFF
YAAYYYY
Mr. rodgers meats prozac commercial lol love it
love this video. And this channel. Been here for maaaany years and will be here for many more. Stay up! :)
Thanks for opening up, Phil. Good to see someone being honest in a new/old way.  Let's normalize being normal!
Damn Phil... I hope you’re feeling better and glad you are getting help. This time as been rough for me and my roomie too. We have stated to set goals for us to do stuff and it helping. Love yo face
Dude, did julien solomita edit your video? Lol. Takes me back to his blogs. Loved your reintroduction though. You’re the greatest!
Well Dude, we have missed yall to and your family!!
Thank you for sharing your struggles, it's been hard for me as a sahm with a special needs kiddo. He struggles with not only his new diagnosis of autism but also the depression and anxiety of being labeled the "bad kid" at school because of his behaviors from his ADHD (and missing autism diagnosis). Compounded with being a teenager during a pandemic, it's been a roller coaster. Thankful that my husband has been supportive when I just need a break and for the therapy team that assist our family for my oldest son.
Thank you! Side note: any chance you bring back talking about comments in your videos?
I can appreciate the working out thing. I started out 2020 working out like a madman for a wedding I had to go to. I was almost in the condition I was in when I went to Navy OCS (best shape of my life). By early October, I had backslid completely. I'm back on track, but shit. This year has made everything feel like such a Herculean effort. Seriously.
Lol! "I don't want you"
Nice to know its not just me
Thanks for sharing Phil, and thank you for your honesty. Cancer recovery and covid isolation have been really hard on my mental health but I take lexepro as well it seems to help but not as much as my interpersonal connections. Even if this comes off as super para-social I appreciate all the news and your own personality you've been able to share online.
OMG Trey is so big now! I used to watch Lindsay's Vlog all the time, it's crazy to see how much they've grown! :)
Needed this.
kind of feel weird myself. the reason is I'm half way to being successful and I guess being in that no man's land is harder to deal with then I expected it would be.  you know like I'm happy that my life doesn't suck anymore and that I'm not working a shitty retail job so it's not that I'm just depressed because I'm literally doing good, but I'm like in the process of looking for a place to put a deposit down on but it's like I'm in this holding pattern of the house I was looking at the deal feel through and now there is literally nothing in the market that interests me in my price range and now I'm like questioning like did I fuck up by not offering more? will I find a place I liked as much as that one for around the same price?   I get it people look at that shit and go, motherfucker those are good problems to have stfu and I get it. it's just I have been grinding so hard for so long to get where I am now and while I see results it still kind of sucks to hit roadblocks and I guess the higher you go the better things get as a result, but at the same time the bigger and longer the roadblocks take to deal with as well .
In a word: relatable.
Love you man xxxx I only know what day it is coz of you xxxxx
Thank you for sharing. Thank you for what you do.
i really needrd this phil
Your boys have grown so much!  On the note of what you said though, it was really helpful to hear you talk about having trouble with an ED. I've struggled for years and I've watched your vids on YouTube for years and have so much respect for you. This was really refreshing to hear and I wish you luck and want to make sure that even if you slip up on exercising and eating habits, you're okay, you're still valid and full of worth 💛 Happy Holidays!
Petition for "I Dont want you" merch
This is a very Casey Neistat video. I like it. Talk about your feelings. Yes. We love you back.ok, bye.
So...when are you gonna cover the Doctor Mike situation?
Phil, I am so glad to hear you are taking the the steps you need for yourself. Seriously man you've been a near daily part of my life for the better part of a decade and life would not be the same without you. While you definitely don't have to share any of this, I really appreciate you taking the time to make this video. You may not see or hear much in response to it, but believe me when I say that this makes all the difference to countless lives around the world. My most sincere thanks for doing what you do. Look forward to the next vid. Stay golden!
Phil the 🐐  We appreciate you, you beautiful bastard.
Good for you
Hope the help you're getting works out!
okay im so ready to see more of personal Phil and less business Phil. But..gawd that music..i feel like im watching a midroll and i dont know what its selling but i hate it.  it gives me the heebies without the jeebies lulling me into a false sense of security and then you just casually lay it on us how much of a hard time you are having and it feels like a wall of music meant to distance rather than connect. i hope you find uh...a less heavy hand music/editing wise in that vein.  Im glad you are finding your stride again and that the kids are grounding you and urging your own growth forward. I hope this is something you enjoy commiting to for a lil bit.
I love this
Omg carter got so big.
Phil - as a father of 3 who is hyper aware of my own mentality, I appreciate this video very much. I am going through a lot this year as well, including my wife moving to another state that I can't move to due to aforementioned mentality, this splitting up our family. I have been in need of counseling and medical treatment for depression and anxiety for a very long time now and have always pushed it off because I am hyper aware of my own mind and feelings and I knew I could deal with the issues I was having without any help, until my wife and kids moved 900 miles away. I will be seeing a counselor for the first time in about 25 years next week. It's a big step for me and I am hopeful that it will provide me with the outlet I need to clear my head of some of the thoughts and feelings I've been having. Stay strong my friend and keep doing what you do - more of us appreciate it than you may ever know.
I'm trying
29 years? Like seriously??
Thank you for sharing your struggled with eating disorders and showing that it affects men just as much as women. My husband developed an eating disorder for similar reasons and was binging and purging, and thankfully he is recovering. I can't imagine how hard it must be to go through something like that, and I just wanted to thank you for showing that A. Men have ED as well, B. You CAN recover and C. Asking for more help in life is good. Thanks for being mad chill : )
idgaf what anyone says, this is the video of the year 💙💛💙 much love, respect, and appreciation for you Phil. 🖖
This is really good, I'm glad you've feel comfortable sharing all of this man
As someone who has struggled with eating disorders throughout my entire adult life and also relapsed this year... I know how difficult it can be to talk about. I appreciate this video so much! It is hard to go through these things as an adult with children.  I'm glad you are overcoming it. We all love you! Hugs 🌏💙
Amazing video thank you i look forward to more like this.
Love yo face sxephil. Weeeeee!
I'd been thinking lately that you've been going hard on the doom and gloom on the news show - glad to see you recognized how that affects you and are dealing with it.
I freaking love you and your family. And as someone with the same mental and physical stuff, this meant a lot. And your kids are hilarious and adorable.
That song is a boop
Hey!  I love your face too 😁  also, you might try looking into a podcast called "the Happiness Lab" by dr Lorrie Santos.  It give actionable tips on how to be happier, and it helped me alot.
This honestly helps me realize we all going through similar stuff. Thanks man!
Love yo face Phil 😘
Yo phil with a mustache would be the greatest
When did those boys get so big?!
Nice to meet you again!!!  I love yo face and especially your family ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm at point A with you. Thank you for being the drop to tilt me in the right direction. Getting out of the couch it's hard, getting out of the head is harder.
Almost three decades of marriage wow
Gahhhh this is SO FLIPPIN WHOLESOME it’s actually insane I love it.
I appreciate everything about you phil! I have been watching you for over 12-13 years (I am currently 25) and in my 3rd year of medical school. You have helped me through so much over the years and I am very happy that you are starting to feel better! I am glad that you started on some medication, while I agree medication does not solve everything, sometimes it is needed to give you that edge to be able to do what you need to do. I deal with anxiety, depression, and weight issues currently and have throughout the years, but seeing you change for the better continues to give me hope and energy to push through my struggles. I hope you realize that no matter how bad the news you deliver to us can be at times, you continue to help so many through these dark times. I wish the best for you and your family!!!
Lexapro helped me so much with my ptsd.
Love your beautiful face Phil!!!! Also, Carter sounds like my 2.5 yr old granddaughter when I FaceTime & I ask her to not eat cereal & milk with her hands. 😂
Love this ♡
You're entitled to feeling bad no matter what your net worth.  Besides, health is the most important thing in life and no amount of money can ever make up for being unwell.  That includes mental health too.  Wishing you all the best on your path to recovery.  Your beautiful family needs you, not the you that the disease has turned you into.
i think i sprung  a leak. cheers mate.
Thanks for the smiles today
Love you Phil, and I am so happy you put this out here and decided to be vulnerable and open up. Can't wait to get to know you more again.
Much love, appreciate you Phil!
Needed this <3 love you!
OMG I REMEMBER WHEN TREY WAS BORN. HE IS SO BIG!
I really appreciate this video. This year has been one of self reflection for me as well. I had more of an emotional realization a couple of weeks ago that I've struggled to put into words, but I do have a basic concept written out. Self love is hard, there's a difference between saying it and actually feeling it and acting on it. When you give advice to other people you can walk away and hope they take it. When i give advice to myself though and I don't follow what I know I should do, I think that's what leads to my depression. Basically I'm causing myself to be depressed because I'm not following my own advice? Idk, ive been struggling to put this concept into words, but in the meantime I have taken action to follow that advice (down 15 pounds from 356 and reenrolled to finish my degree for starters). I hope you feel better soon and find that mental solice, happy holidays ya beautiful bastard. love seeing yo face on a regular basis and I appreciate you!
I agreed Phil. If it weren't for my kids this year I would have lost my mind completely
In case you see this: I've been watching you since I was literally 9 years old. I'm 21 now. As an adult, looking back on how much you've changed in your own adulthood is inspiring. I wish you a steady recovery, but remember that process is not always linear. Thank you for sharing and reintroducing yourself :)
I love yo' face. And I see you, Phil. I hear you. We all need to check in with our brain boxes once in a while, and make sure the gears are all aligned. Also I kind of think I want a trampoline now, but I live in Canada and frozen trampolines are no bueno.
I had no idea I needed this video. but I REALLY needed this video.
stop eating any sugar stop all of it ... stop eating all wheat ... you can have some ezekiel bread sprouted grain ... limit yourself though ... stop all eating at 10 pm dont eat again until the next day at 4 pm .. on the weekend eat what you want ... but no sugar or wheat take digestive enzymes a good one is pancreatin .. now brand ..also take probiotics +prebiotics  a good one by renewlife ... start thinking about what you want not what you dont want ... change you mind set to a positive one always ... stop thinking about what you dont want to happen and what you dont like ... think about what you do like  ... you can win ... put GOD in jesus name first in your life...
Sees Carter is a toddler and not a tiny baby Me: Jesus Christ where did the time go?
I love this! Please make more videos like this
this is Neistat level editing holy crap
Thank you, I needed that. You have a wonderful day, you made mine brighter.
Thx for that Phil, and omg the boys are getting so big I remember when they were born, wow we are both getting so much older, but like u said in a good way, and always love yo face 💙💙💙
I love this Phil so much.
It's good to see ya like this again Phil. I see being friends with Casey has had an impact on your vlog style!
Hey, what is the camera you're using?
Oh Phil, so much love coming to you for so many reasons. What an amazing video. I love yo face!
I didn't know, but I really needed this today. Thank you for been so open and honest with us! I've been feelling the same way for the past few months and it's hard to come to terms with what I have been feeling, as I feel like I live a pretty privileged life as well, all things considered. It makes me realize even more that I need to take back control of my habits, my motivation, of my life basically. So thank you, I really do feel less alone.
All the best to you Phil!
This was great Phill
I missed you too sir lol
"I don't want you"  ... Oh, my 3 year old too.
Phil's son: I dont want you!  Silent phil: okay  😂😂😂😂
You have an in-home theater? Dude...
Made me tear, Phil I really appreciate your vulnerability. Means a lot, and I am so glad you are working hard on helping yourself <3 I will continue to do the same.
Lexapro fam!! You got this, Phil. Appreciate you being so candid and vulnerable. Love yo face.
The editing in this video is incredible! So smooth!  Also, big love y'all
Where are the dislikes from?? People haters?
Love you Phil. Thanks for sharing. It's more important than you know.
I'm telling ya Carter will be wonderful as an older child. It's always the "a lot" kids that grow into the best kids😊 also listening to your ED was insightful and I'm so glad you're doing better.
As someone who just started taking medication again for depression, thank you. I needed this. It helps to feel less alone.
Hey, I hope things feel better very soon. Love your face.
love ya Phil! I was also on a low dose of Lexapro a few years ago and am also a dude in his mid 30s that is around 250 lbs.  I've been watching you for, I think over 12 years now.  What's so weird is that I've grown with so many of you (as in youtubers) yet none of you know who I am.  It's so weird to think about it that way, but it's been an awesome journey.  Keep doing you and know that even if you don't know who WE (your fans) are, we are always here for you.
Lexapro gang let's goooo!
call out to GOD in jesus name ...
Thank you for this video.
Thank you for sharing with us Phil, you are not alone either.
I’ve had a complete setback on my mental health this year. Had to go through med changes, which scared the crap out of me, because I lost a friend that way, and to be honest, it did not go well for me. But now that they settled, I’m making it a point to get into a therapist as soon as I can (free option through work, thank god). As far as everything else going on, I understand I’ve been incredibly lucky that my family has not gotten sick *knock on wood* but I’m terrified of bringing it home, as I work retail pharmacy. Thanks for sharing your struggles, I think that kinda hit home that I need to step up a bit more, better myself physically as well as mentally. Good luck to all of us going through this, I still have a little hope left we’ll get through this.
I love lexapro. Lexi changed my life. Good luck love you lots Phil!!
What camera is this because for real, wowwwww
This is like super vloggy. Kinda like it. It's just interesting seeing this part of your life
Love you phil. You really are an inspiration even if you can't see it ❤️ I actually started Lexapro about a month ago too lol it actually has worked the best out of all the drugs I've tried this year. Im not experiencing an eating disorder but I am so moved by hearing you talk about yours. It's so helpful to see the people we look up to be real people. Thanks for being in this self improvement movement with us ❤️
Treys grown up so much he looks so much like you
Really appreciate the hard work and journalistic integrity you put into your show. I haven't kept up as frequently, because mentally health wise I just can't handle the constant negativity. But I used to religiously watch your vlogs, so very happy to see you again ❤ luv yo face
Okay Casey, I see you.
Lexapro, was super hard for me to get on to. The third week my symptoms actually got the worst they ever were. However after that week everything was reset and it worked. Did that for like two years. But yeah sometimes a pill really does help.
Thanks for sharing.  Things that are important to hear. ❤
I love yo face Phil!! And thank you for being vulnerable & sharing. I'm disabled w/ chronic illness and husband walked out last month. So I've been dealing with a lot recently & it really does help knowing I'm not alone in the world. If it weren't for my 2 sons (18 & 21) right now I don't know how I'd get through all this, so take hope I promise your 3yr old will want you someday. LOL!!
As someone who's been on lexapro for the past year, I really appreciate hearing you mentioning it. Utilizing medication for depression/anxiety is something I avoided for too damn long because of stigma and a stubborn belief that I lost worth if I couldn't overcome every one of my issues with sheer willpower. Thank you for being vulnerable with us, Phil
“Listening to myself as if I was someone that I cared about.” Oof that hit hard. I think a lot of us who struggle with mental health issues forget to do this, but I really loved how you phrased it here. Thank you for being vulnerable and open with us, the more we can talk about these kind of issues, and normalize seeking help for them, the more help everyone can get.
trey is so big now. i want to cry
Did anyone else tear up with how wholesome this is?
This was a breath af fresh air, thanks brother.
Yo this was super feel good. Thank you.
BRO YOU HAVE A THEATER ROOM, that's pretty cool
I wouldn’t blame you if you take your end of year break up until next March
Carter is so hilarious 🤣
I really liked this. You are one of the few people on YouTube that regardless of what it is I like to watch their content. Glad that you are working on your headspace as well.
As someone with various chronic illnesses and depression and anxiety, I feel ya. This year has been hard.  It's hard when food becomes part of the problem. Happy to see you in this format again, just remember one foot in front of another and one day at a time. One battle at a time. It's the only way I have somehow gotten through my body somehow hating me. Hang in there. You can do this.
Omg i love this man. He literally came out saying he had an eating disorder and one i went through and was just open and caring about it. Holy shit. Im so happy to watch this amazing human being.
Been going thru a ton of the same shit!! Stay stong you beautiful bastard!!!
God these transitions are so good
Lexapro member here I know how you're feeling right now, ED wise, when ever I bring it up it up though, people just say to stop doing that????  Anyway, hope you keep your chin up phil ❤️
Phil you're a goof. This years been hard for all of us. And I've seen it hit you and the show in ways that sucked to watch. But thank you so much for everything you do. And being honest and talking about things. More of these videos would be totally welcome. :) but don't put to much on your plate, don't burn yourself out. I appreciate you.
250 lbs?! How tall are you 7’6?
Love yo' face, Phil. Take care of yourself, friend ☺❤
Dude, i miss you being this personal. I know you had your reasons before for stopping, but i like this. I've been watching you since 2008 or 2009 and the vlogs were always my favorite.
I appreciate you talking about these things and your vulnerability. I went back on an antidepressant this year and came to understand that I have an anxiety disorder. I've always had ways of coping that I just can't do anymore so I take something at night, when it usually peaks, and I didn't realize how bad it was till I got a break from it. Pills can't fix everything but they're also not the worst thing in the world, especially if they do help.
Thank you for sharing. You are always an inspo as a strong human, and it is a great reminder that strength and needing help are not exclusive of each other ❤️
I used to love the vlogs because it was a bit of YOU and not the PDS version of Phil. We love yo face so welcome back!
Love the video just one question, did you get Casey Neistat to edit this? Just kidding. Love you Phil. Have a wonderful Holiday Season.
Phil. Thank you! Peace, love, light, and blessings to you.✌🏽🤟🏽
I am sitting in a hotel in Aberdeen Scotland wind howling, pouring with rain and crying as I am having to move from where I love.  I have grown from teenager to woman, married had child wonderful career here then became ill.  The last 5 years basically stuck up 3 floors, in house in bed only time out was to hospital resuscitation department. You soon find out true friends.  So why do I feel so sad hormones and memories, yes I am losing living in place I love but gaining wheelchair accessible house, opportunities to retrain doing counselling /psychology degree. I can empathise Phil but you have acknowledged issue and have wonderful family it is a joy to see Tre and Carter but I am glad u keep that side if life more for u, Linz and boys. Stay well, stay safe love ur face x
This is Gold
I know the video has an important topic, but can we talk about the editing? The transitions were fire
Thanks for the update phil, keep killin it man <3
Thanks for being so honest phil, it really helps me too as we're in a similar place in life (two kids, mental state, etc). No pressure, but it would be great to hear more from you.
Hope you're doing good phil
Thanks for sharing.. Hopefully it inspires others to do the same. I have struggled with bad depression in the past and ultimately it was sharing the struggle with others that stopped the isolationism and helped me moved toward connecting to the world again. It was super scary and I used a lot of excuses to not do it but eventually started with my international friends on Facebook and worked my way closer to home. Each positive response gave me the strength to share with someone else. It took a lot more work than that but it was a great start.
I love this. Also your boys are so big now! It's crazy how time flies. I still remember when you and linz got married. Crazy stuff and I'm happy to still be here
Thank you for your honesty.   In Ontario Canada people can call cmha or ask family doctor to refer them to camh bounceback. It’s what I have started it recently.
💖
Love ya Phil. Hope your staying safe and healthy
We got ya Phil. Love your honesty.
Hi Phil.  It will get better,  kids are great  and let's lose some weight
Omg I remember when trey was just a baby. Jesus it’s crazy watching babies grow up
So nice to see you on a personal level again. Been around over a decade with you and seeing you with your kids growing up and everything really puts things into perspective about how much time has truly passed. Still remember you and Lindsay at Defranco Does Vancouver and her pregnant with Trey.. Wild. Wishing you the best!
Super awesome to get a more down-to-earth video of you. Thanks for being vulnerable with us Phil!  Hope you're doing well. :)
bring back the pokashell necklace back
Love ya Phil
you are looking older my dude. gracefully....
This video did a lot for me. Thank you, Phil. <3
You see!  This is why you had Joe!!!!!!
Uugghh, you’re such a good human. Good for you for realizing things like that. Listening to you calms me. You’re an awesome person. Stay strong.
A throat punch to the feels. Glad to hear that your getting help and are cool with talking about it. You have 3 great reasons to get better in your home. The best reasons. Love your face, man.
Thank you for sharing. Props for using your platform to inform and help! Love you so much Phil!
Thank you for opening up!!
Aye Phil I see you got them Vessi shoes, nice seeing someone actually use their sponsors' products.
Much love my guy. I understand after 15 stubborn long years I final sought out help. Was diagnosed bipolar. Best choice I made was talking to someone. And you and several other creators are the ones who made me more comfortable to talk to someone.   I was at my heaviest this year at 460lbs. I’m down to 412 now. Help helps. I JNOW CRAZY CONCEPT.   Anyways We got your back. We are family. Bless you my brother all will be ok in the end.
I finally went to therapy because of youtubers being open about their own mental health. Thank you for such a personal and important video!
Carter is gonna be such a sassy kid when he gets older
Fuck.  Ty Phil.  Feels.
Love ya Phil. Sending some good vibes your way. its good to hear from you. hope we can get to see you again as you. we'll be here.
Damn I remember the video that announced Linz was pregnant with Trey holy shit.
Hey Phil, thanks so much for sharing this. I've been watching you since at least 2011... Maybe 2007? I don't comment that often. Anyway, I also started Lexapro last week after the birth of my son really took me to a dark place in postpartum. It's been a game changer. It may not be a magic pill but it's at least a magic feather ( see dumbbo).   Love your face
I loved everything about this. Thanks for the check-in, Phil. As you go through your journey, you have The Nation right there with you.
We miss you.   And we miss your team too. Losing the vlogs felt like losing the part that kept me coming back for the depressing ass news updates. I miss your office antics. I hope one day you can get back to sharing that side. It made us feel good.
🖤🖤🖤
Take care of yourself, I'm proud of you, I love ya face too!
Oh hey Phil. Missed ya.
Philip Dadfranco will be a fine content creator post PDS, like his TikTok always foreshadowed. What a nice, open video. Stay safe man. That means mentally too.
Lexapro changed my life. It didn't fix everything. It didn't make my problems go away. It did make living life not feel so goddamn daunting all the time. Proud of you, Phil! Thank you for sharing with us.
Medication helps you develop healthier patterns in behavior and thinking. Once those patterns are established it's always good to try and slowly get yourself off those medications. Also, why do your arms and hands look like mine it's creepy... Even the same amount of arm hair...
How are you such a good person in this messed up world. Love yo face dude, stay good!
The DefrancoFam is back in action, ladies and gentleman. Also Phil, just know that many of us really appreciate you trusting us enough to share also the negative stuff that has been going on in your head. Love your face!
Man... I needed this boost today. Just thinking about all the friends I've lost this year...
I feel ya Phil.. you aren't alone... big hugs.  Lindsay should get you experiences not items. Great gifts for all family members.
❤️❤️❤️
Yeah, definitely struggled with my tendency to over eat this year... also spending WAY too much money to get things delivered cause I don't want to go out there.
Thank you Phil, for continuing to normalize expressing emotions. For those of you like me: it's ok to not be ok. Ask for help when you need it, even if it's just to unload on a friend's voicemail. (Yes, my friends and I have a system of I want to rant and then have you delete this cause I know you can't talk right now but I need to get this out)
Your face really wants to have a rash pal! Love the vids as always
Thank you for sharing with us, we appreciate your openness and honesty. You deserve happiness ✨
Thank you! This was wonderful and needed.
Hey Phil! Thanks so much for being vulnerable.   Was reading the comments and I too echo what a lot of people are saying. Asking for help is VERY hard, a pill doesn't fix everything, but it does help, and  sometimes we need more help than we get. It is hard for anyone to be vulnerable but I respect people who do. I also respect people who are open to helping those that articulate what they need. Which is a challenge. If there was a youtuber that I watch, it's you. Thanks for being you, we all appreciate it Phil!  💕
Okay Casey Neistat calm down.
Thank you for sharing this, I could relate. Over the past several months I’ve found my love for nature. This has 1) help me get out of the house safely, 2) reconnect with the creative person I once was by creating short films, and 3) sharing with others that although this year has not been ideal for a majority of us, there is still a beautiful lively world out there for us to experience.
❤
We love you. Thank you :)
Being someone who has been affected by mental issues and the social aspect of it being a hinderance is really nice to see someone like Phil just open up. Make me feel more normal.
Having not seen the bois in a long time, I can say only one thing. Kids grow.
Wow the boys have grown up so much!! It takes a lot of strength to open up and talk about your low points with us. This year has been a stressful one and all we can do is keep moving forward and keep up the good fight.  Also that camera is amazing!
This gave me the good sort of goosebumps. Thank you from the bottom of my heart Phil. Been watching for about 7 years and I can honestly say your show has helped immensely with my mental health.
“I don’t want you” LMAO WOW HAHAHAHAHA OMG kids say the best things! hahahaa
Love yo face!
Phil I've been on Lexapro for a couple years and it helps so much. Gone through so many different medications and almost gave up, sinfe nothing worked for me. All I'm saying is, good for you brother and wish you the best and glad you are doing the best you can to feel like yourself!
This is incredible... You are a special soul, Phil  Don’t stop being you <3
Your son has a great name.
I've been dealing with and continue to suffer from my own ED binge/purge. The most freedom I've felt was speaking openly about it to my bf of 5 years. I hope you feel as free now as I did then. Thanks for the video
Good luck Phil... happy that you're so open about mental health.
Appreciate you, Phil. 💖
My dad was a cop and a soldier who was riddled with PTSD. Most of it as far as I can gather from the men and women he couldn't save (he was a medic). Some from the straight up horrors of war that a medic litterally gets his hands into.   In the last few years though he had started taking 5mg of Lexapro and it quieted the demons. He began healing. He'd been quick to snap and lash out (never physically). But then as he healed he calmed down and became much more loving. In the last 2 years he hugged me more than the rest of my adult years. And it still wasn't enough.  He passed away on October 31st at 5:59 AM from complications related to COVID. He had turned 51 on October 24th.   He was always a strong manly man. Not toxic per se but definitely pick your ass up and get moving. It took him 28 years to get help with his PTSD. Don't wait. Reach out if you need help. Yeah a pill isn't a cure all but maybe a pill can quiet your demons.   Hug people more and tell them what they meant to you. Phil likes to say tell people you love them cause tomorrow might not come. It's true but oh so false. Just telling someone you love them will eat your soul. Show them you love them. And most importantly tell them what they mean to you. Because that eats you up. I know all too well. I wish to God I didn't.
I can't tell you how much I love this!! I've watched you for so many years that I feel like I know you from far away. You and your family are beautiful. I wish the very best for y'all!! Philip you are like an older brother I've never had. And I appreciate you! ❤️
It's fucked up but I'm glad I've been battling depression for nearly a decade otherwise this year might have killed me
I've also started my medicine this year! It is awesome to see how my brain works when it's out of constant depression.
I loved this. First I'm so happy you are getting yourself on track. You deserve to feel happy. 2nd seeing you in this format is so refreshing. So...Hi Phil, I'm Jamie. Nice to meet you. 💖
That was incredible
This was so nice. We love ya, Phil!
Love your face, Phil!
Man, I love ya face Philip.
The daddy issues are coming in hot with this one
vlogs Phil... that's what you're missing... remember those happy days with the office vlogs and you just chatting now and again :P
Those transitions tho
Hi Phil this year has been shit for everybody It’s reassure men struggle to but all got a human at the end of the day and because yourself hi my name is Emma and I’ve been struggling this year as well as the same but will get through this very good vlog ps say safe xx
Phil, by the end of this I was crying. Thanks so much for sharing this with us and I can’t wait to see more of you again.
loved this, been watching you every week for years but seeing this was like seeing an old friend again.
You’re one of the only white men I tolerate, Phil. Thank you for your comforting words 💜
This year has felt like a rollercoaster in Hell. Hang on, dear friend!
I’ve missed this Phil so much  Love your face
You are an amazing human. Thank you for all that you do. Love yo face you beautiful bastard!!
Okay, but WHAT'S the camera? Because this is beautifully shot
love your face phil!
Hey Phil, means a lot to see you open up like this. I've had similar struggles this year, as many of us have, and it's nice to hear someone try to encourage just accepting that and being nicer to yourself. It's so easy to just think 'it could be worse' and try to move on, but I'm quickly finding out that doesn't really get you anywhere LOL. Anyways, thanks for uploading this, I love your face :) and loved seeing your hilarious kids!!
Grats on the positive trend. I hope this is the first step on a long road of happiness. You got this man, thank you for sharing your struggles and putting your vulnerabilities out there. I hope this helps other to reach out and get where they want to be.
👋
this put a smile on my face
I love seeing this side of you. I can relate a lot. I became a first time mother November of last year and I feel like the only thing that has kept me from falling into major depression and alcoholism over quarantine has been my son. Love you Phil!
Thanks for sharing, Phil
Thanks for sharing Phil!! This was so wholesome and some good advice there at the end, oof i think we all needed that. Love yo face! Xx
"He's 3 and he's a ... lot"  Yes.  One of my kids is three too, and I felt your description was surprisingly perfect.
As someone who's been watching for a reeeally long time, I've been worried about Phil recently but it's good to see him doing better :)
Thank you for being so open with us. ❤
<3 Still like yo face, thanks for sharing! I know you don’t believe in it the way I do but I’m praying for you and your family! Good vibes at least :)
I love this so much! I have actually ben having a hard time taking care of myself lately. I even forgot to take my mental health meds this morning. This actually helped me remember. Love yo face man!
Really needed this video... thank you so much!!!
I really miss this. I know you don't owe us anything, but it was nice having a little window in to your lives and the vlogs from work as well. We got to know you and the amazing people that are part of your life. Thank you for sharing with us 😊
Thank you. It's always nice to here that I'm not the only one on this struggle bus. I hope you find some comfort in opening yourself but understand not wanting to also. But in these times its just nice to let go when you can. Love your face
This was so enjoyable to watch. From the kids to the vulnerability. Nice to meet you, again.
Trey has grown so much since Linds stopped posting vlogs <3
As someone who has struggled with an eating disorder for several years now, I know how hard it is to talk openly about it. Respect, Phil.
For a second I thought you were breaking up with me
Thx Phil for talking about this.. some of it I could really relate to.  Keep up the positive changes and bring yourself up to another level of contentment.  Stay Well.    (geez I can't believe Carter is already 3.. )   Also.. I have little hope of you seeing this.. but if you do.. I really hope you are taking turmeric for the pkd..they've had positive results with it.  do the research. We would like to keep you around for a long while yet.. sorry. lol
Jesus kids grow so fast.... i feel like watching linsey doing her vlogs was no time ago at all....
Could we get a Christmas mustasched Phil?
About 4 years ago I went to go get help for my depression and anxiety. After a lot of work and motivation I got to a place where I was good, where I could cope with what's going on and still live my life. As of late I had to retake a look at my life and find I'm not doing okay again. So I called up some doctors and I'm taking steps  to get back to a spot where I can deal with the day to day again. You got this Phil and every one else you got this too.
Love your face too, and appreciate you.  Thanks for sharing and saying hello Phil.  Hello back.
Hey Phil, thanks for sharing your struggle. I've been watching you for years and your show has been something special for me. I know when times get rough there's a beautiful dastard out there trying to do good.
Phil you make a bigger impact in people’s world’s then think. Love yo face!
I can't even begin to express how much I needed this today. tysm
Phil: I've been watching you for... many many years now. I'm not even sure how many. This video made me break down and cry. I, too, am in one of the worst places both mentally and physically. I'm also trying to make some changes to do better, working out etc. I'm struggling with creating boundaries with people I love who are bad for me due to their addictions or other poor life choices. It's hard to know I'm the biggest and most out of shape I've ever been. I have also been binge eating. A small reminder like this that I'm not alone goes such a long way. I appreciate you being so honest with us when it can be so hard to share personal things like this with an audience. We love you and your family, Phil. Take care of yourselves, and all the best in 2021 <3
My wife and I have been together for 29 years. She's 31 so you got to catch them before they can run away.
Man, if Phil decided to come back to doing vlogs every couple days or even just weekly, I will be so happy. Having followed now for... oh god, like 9-10 years? and having grown up watching and supporting him and his family I really do feel wierdly like a distant relative that gets told all the stuff that their family does, but never shows up in their life to give anything back outside of sending money on birthdays (buying merch in this case xD).  But yeah, if you see this, hi Phil! I've loved your content for the longest time, everything from the vlogs you and your missus used to post to the podcasts to your news show that just kept on growing and getting shinyer and better year on year. I hope that you truly are starting to feel like your mental and physical is trending in the positive, and I hope you make the goals your going for!
You're awesome Phil! ✌😉
The main takeaway from this video is, we need to see Phil with a mustache. JK. I'm glad you're getting help, Phil. You definitely deserve the Christmas break. Hell, we all do.
We missed these personal type videos too Phil!!  Love yo face ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for feeling comfortable enough to talk to us ❤
such a change of pace,  i like the Defranco/Neistat feel, it is very refreshing. and great to hear this young fella is taking time to show us how he chose to deal with his mental health. big props to you Defranco  but now i want to make films like this lol
Wait... this Phil is being far too REAL to be a CGI creation! I’m confused! 🤯
Thank you for being so open, that's why I have always really liked your face, you seem so much more open with mental health then many other YouTubers/ influencers. I hope you have a good day sir thank you for sharing it helps people and we appreciate you being open about mental health x
It's always awesome to see the fam. My kids are around same age. I get the "I don't want you" ALL THE TIME. Grow the stache man, might look cool.
Nice to meet you again Phil! You are great!
☺️
Just started Latuda recently because I couldn't take the constant anxiety anymore & immediately put on weight, so I feel you. Thank you for sharing. It gives me a little bit of a boost to take better care of myself.
Loved the edits and really enjoyed the wholesomeness. This is exactly what we need "in these times" and I'm excited for more!
I have always been hard on myself: This year I watched everything I worked hard for get ripped out of my hands. I have a real bad problem with putting myself down, but as yourself I have started listening to myself from a different perspective. I have been starting to see myself worth, and while things are still hard and I know there is a lot more things yet to come,t I’m happy to say that I am glad I fought to see another day instead of giving up.
Almost felt like you were describing my own feelings. 👋 Hey there, long-time fan here. I am 5’7” and I was weighing 263 lbs. I was eating just to eat, and I wasn’t eating ANYTHING healthy that could justify the amount of food I consumed. I work from home, so I just go from my bed to my desk. I was diagnosed with PCOS and my testosterone levels were thru the roof. I was told that my “type” can be managed with a balanced diet. Knowing the “solution” was simple compared to the possible health complications, I did a whole 180 with food. I eat only when I’m hungry, but I don’t punish myself for eating a cookie or two. I cut out diary (insulin issue) and I’ve been playing Just Dance 2020 (sweat mode). I’m down to 220 lbs and my PCOS symptoms have improved.  What I’m trying to say is that we are all going thru stuff, but it’s nice to know we are not alone. Thank you for all that you do.
Love those transitions Phil. Love yo face!
I don't know why this made me emotional, but I can literally relate to everything.. The eating disorder, the depression, even down to starting c25k. Needed this today.
For a second there I thought he was running for office.
Thank you for posting this. I'm glad to see you vlogging again and being open with the audience. Hope that things feel a bit better for you soon and for everyone else out there going through a hard time, it does get better. Keep on keeping on.
Thank you for being open
Thank you for talking to us and being honest. I am chronically ill with a rare progressive genetic disorder and my partner has ADHD and autism, both of us deal with mental health issues and finally were able to start seeing specialists.   This year was like a pressure cooker for problems I feel. You were isolated with yourself so much that at some point problems you were aware of got so evident that you couldn't ignore them anymore.
Im on buproprion myself. been on it since i came back from Afghanistan and it has helped with the depression symptoms and has given me the edge to deal with the symptoms. Pills arent a cure all but a tool to helps us manage it. Glad to see youre doing well and keep it up!!
Damn Trey rocking the sennies
Hi Phil it's nice to meet you again. I have to say I really like this Phil and weirdly I'm proud of you and how far you've come. Keep being you
Love seeing you here again.
Hey Phil, I hope that the Lexapro helps you. I'm glad that you are so open about the importance of therapy.
You are an amazing person. I'm glad you are getting help, because these have been some uncertain times. Love your face, and wishing you and your family a happy holiday.
This is why I have been following you most of my adult life (over 11 years). You have been someone I can trust not only to be thorough in your reporting but also knowing that growth is a constant process and isn't always an straight line. Setbacks are normal, change is amazing and being personal and kind and challenging yourself to improve is something we should always work on. Thank you for being real, being you and being awesome Phil. Keep it up, you help me keep going as well!
Total Casey Neistat vlog vibes am I right? I like it, very introspective.
Love yo face 💜
Trey is great! Such an expert! That’s def gonna need to be made into a shirt! Hoping for the best.
thank you for being you Phil and being open about your issues no shame in getting help when you have as matt Key calls them "bad brain days"
how’d those kids grow up so much? how did i get so old?
Thanks, Phil! I, too started taking something, Brupropion (Wellbutrin). I am still in the process of "interviewing" therapists. Having been in therapy b4, I know how difficult it is for me to open up to anyone I know, let alone a stranger. I hope we all can reach whatever normal is for each of us.
Time for "Project Lose an Olsen Twin - Redux"
Thank you. ❤️
Fuck. This got way realer, and hit way closer to home than I was prepared to wake up to
Phil why haven't you covered the Dr. Mike story yet??
I'm not crying you're crying
I've also started taking Lexapro this year. On top of mental health issues, I've also been struggling a lot of with a cognitive disability. The Lexapro isn't a fix-all, but I do think it's helping.
Hey Phil, Thanks for being you. <3
I love getting to see this less "polished, studio, news" version of Phil. This almost feels like a catch-up zoom call with a friend.
Those slow jazz vibes though. Also, love you and your family. Take care of you
Keep up the good work, and what camera and Lens are you using it looks fantastic. 👍👍👍
The cinematography/edit of this one is fantastic. Thanks for showing us this side of your life.
This was honestly so helpful to hear, like you said, seeing someone successful also struggle emotionally makes me feel a lot less alone in this battle that feels somewhat endless
Thank you for sharing your life with us, good and bad. I'd love to see more of these! I was just commenting on your wife's instagram about how I wish you guy had a live feed! 😁😜 Have a great week!
Dang, what a delightful surprise in my sub box. 🥰
Thank you for being med positive. I have far to many friends that are med adverse due to stigma around them. Hope with more famous people being med postive people will see it better.
Hey Casey.. wait... Phil? hmmmm... interesting.
A pill doesn't fix everything but it can get you out of the darkness enough to take the first steps toward recovery.  I don't know how much it matters from a random internet stranger....but I've dealt with an eating disorder. I know how difficult that is. And I'm really proud of you for getting help.
Thank you Phil. I kind of needed this kind of video honestly.
I can’t believe carter is 3 wtf
Damn Phil learned to teleport That's crazy
What camera is that.
Best wishes Phil! Its always a struggle but there's too many good things out there that its always worth enduring the bad stuff.
I'm so happy to have you back in this way! However much you can give. 🥰
Depression is like a deep hole. Medication won’t get you out of the hole, but it can be a ladder. You still have to do the work to climb it, but at least you can see the way out. Much love buddy.
As someone who’s been taking medication most of my life I will always believe that if therapy and support isn’t helping medication should never be discounted as an option
I can't tell you how frustrated I was when I finally realized that eating better and exercising is actually really beneficial to my mental health.
We luv yo face phil, don't ever feel lesser because you struggle, we all go through it, it's what makes us human. Enjoy your break when you get it and know that your followers feel better having you in their lives, I know I do
I missed this too 💜
Sending you & the family lots of love❤️
Ah, I've missed these videos! Also, very proud of you Phil. Living with depression and mental illness isn't fun or easy and neither is talking about it, but it's a little less lonely when we can share it together. Also, God, Trey is so big now!! Makes me feel old!
Hello! Thank you for telling me to be kinder to myself - needed that.
I needed this.
I hope things get better Phil
I've watched you for years Phil and the pds is what gets me through the week. It was great to see a video of you being you and I hope you have an amazing day! :)
Hey I was on lexapro! It worked for me for a while, and it held me over until I had developed the support systems and habits i needed to live my life without it. It still isnt easy now, but it’s getting better. Just one step at a time. :) take it easy man
Exactly what I needed today. Thanks bud. <3
I have been dealing with clinical depression and PTSD since 1989.  One day at a time is all you can do.  PS: Just started to Bullet Journal to try this mindfulness stuff a try.
I love yo face Phil! Im glad youre getting help and developing some healthy habits. I have been on lexapro for a while as part of my coctail that i take to treat my bipolarity. I hope ot helps you as much as it helps me or more! I understand this year can be tough, Ive had to take on electroshock therapy to help deal with the increased stress. Lastly i just wanted to say thank you, your show helps me in so many ways. I hope my comment can help you feel appreciated and loved.
Hey PhillyD. I empathize with you on a lot of these things. Back in April and May I was in the hospital with a pneumothorax in my left lung and sepsis in my neck, jaw, and almost my heart and brain. During my stay I almost died and had a tracheostomy tube in my neck. I'm lucky to live  because the sepsis spreading through me and not being able to breathe or swallow even soup, I had lost 25-30 lbs in 3 weeks and only eating through a PEG tube. Keep in mind I'm only 29 and lost insurance coverage while in the hospital. Everyone always be thankful for the days you have, they are precious and the only thing that truly matters is the good impact you leave behind for your loved ones and even the people you DON'T know. Love all of yall. Be safe PhillyD.
I needed to hear this today. I have been going through some rough stuff. I don't always remember to be nice to myself and to give myself permission to not be okay.
I hit rock bottom and choose meds let me tell ya you can have it all and not wanna move or be happy im definitely doing much better now takes time and positivity. Chin up phil😎👊🏻
Hello, I love your face too. Thanks for reintroducing yourself; I appreciated it. I know exactly what you mean about having children in your life. Communicating with them does tend to refocus one. Good job getting what you need and not letting pride dog walk you to destruction. Well done!
I love this video so much. Watching your kiddos laugh just brought me so much joy. And thank you for opening up about your mental health, it is so appreciated. I'm sorry you've been struggling, but like you said, you're not alone. I struggle with anxiety and depression, which I've known for a while - YAYYYY LEXAPRO!! It has helped me so much. Then just recently I got diagnosed with ADHD - so it's always a journey for me of learning more about my brain, figuring it out one tiny bit at a tiny. You've got this!!
I’m so happy you are taking care of yourself! I hope you find happiness in your journey because you bring happiness to so many people!
When  we share struggles of our own. Maybe at least one person will be helped. I have depression and anxiety And it gets rough.
This is the wholesomest video I’ve seen 🥺🥺🥺
Just because you live a "fortunate life" doesn't discount your experiences or mean you have to be happy 24/7.  Yeah the world fucking sucks extra hard now and has for a while. You have a "fortunate life" because you worked hard and make this world a better place for some many. Stop apologizing for being human, we all have had our mental health kick our asses this year. And stop thinking you don't have a right to discuss mental health issues, we all need to discuss it until understanding compassion and empathy are automatic and the norm! We all suffer from something! It's ok to be human!   P.S. YouTube is unsubbing people again from channels.  I was shocked at how big the boys were and remembered y'all had a family channel but I'm no longer subbed to it or the podcast channel.
take care Phil! <3
Thank you so much for being brave enough to share this with us. Mental health is so important, and so is showing people that it doesn't matter who you are, we all are vulnerable. I know this was probably really hard to share, and you'll probably not see this, but I'm so proud of you Phil! 🙌🏻🤗  Also, your family is beautiful and I can't believe how big the boys are already!! 😭
I’m so proud of you. as someone who has suffered with their eating disorder for over half my life, I know it isn’t easy to talk about or to even be easy and kind with yourself.  thank you for trusting us and letting us know and talking to us about it.
Hay Phil. Been here since you did the livestream back 10 or so years ago.  Thanks for everything. I've always appreciated how Frank you can be with news and in your personal life.  I was the same weight again recently. I know how it feels. Down a stone already. I know you can do it too!  Stay safe. Best of luck to you, your wife and your boys.
This is dope!
It's with videos like these that I wish YouTube had a "Love" button because this a video that deserves so much of it. Thank you for your vulnerability and compassion, Phil - it's something that I and countless others in your community really need in times like these. Holidays are always tougher having the loss of loved ones through the past few years and this holiday is especially trying with the year that has been 2020 so to get this wholesome af video from you is a holiday blessing I will cherish for awhile. I really hope we get more of these from you because they are 100% appreciated.
"be nicer to yourself"   LOL hard to be nice to someone you hate
We love you Phil 💜 so happy youre able to put in the time for yourself, take care of yourself 💜
Trey and carter are so big now 😭😭😭❤️
I see you Phil (Neistst) DeFranco! 😜
“A little less lonely together” Phil I FELT that
Love you face Phil. You were one of the first people I started watching when I discovered YouTube and although I've definitely not always agreed with you opinions especially in this election cycle I've always liked the way you deliver information and try to make the news less depressing. Hope you have a good break
This year has been the worst for basically everyone and has really shown us our true selves. I'm limited in what I can do because of health issues, so that's also taken a toll. I really appreciate you sharing your vulnerability. I think it's important that no matter how awesome or amazing someone's life looks like or seems to be from the outside, we're all human and have struggles. Wealth does not mean happiness. It leads to different struggles. Are they more fortunate? Absolutely. But they still have thoughts and feelings and need to be heard. I love this community and being a part of the Nation for like 10+ years (before SourceFed, and I think longer.) Y'all are awesome. Stay awesome.
Oof, those babies are getting so big! ❤️  ::virtual hugs::
❤️❤️❤️❤️
It took me a good decade to finally start taking meds. I was determined that I could get better without them but that just wasn't the case. I had to accept that it's okay to get that extra help. It took us a while to find a brand and dosage that works for me and I still have episodes, but my life is so much more manageable now. Therapy helped, but it only made me angry with myself when I was a depressed lump in bed trying to talk myself out of being depressed. Not everybody needs medication, but there's no shame for those of us who do.
LOVE YOU DADDY BASTARD
Love you, Phil. Keep up the great work
i miss when your wife lindsey would vlog
Someone call Casey, this editing seems familiar
😳 29 YEARS, Treys talking.... Welcome back Phil! We all need each other. ❤️ Proud of you, it’s hard to make that huge first leap. 👏❤️. Love yo face! Og youtube resurgence!
♡ hi, hello. This felt so refreshing. Feels like the good ole days. Thanks for being so open with us. Much love ya bastard.
Been watching you for the better part of like 5 years. Honestly I can’t really explain how much I’ve enjoyed watching your stuff in that time. Your feels matter so don’t ignore them. I know you took a day off the main channel. Have you ever considered a new host while you’re taking some time off? A temporary thing like content from the rouge rocket? Idk, love you Phill. Take good care of yourself please.
Omg yes
Tf kinda camera you got this shit look BEAUTIFUL
WE LOVE YOU!!!
29 years? You have been together as long as I've been alive!
My daughter is also going through the “I don’t want daddy” phase rn and it really bums him out especially when she goes into total gremlin mode about it. I’m 39 weeks pregnant with our second daughter atm and she is just losing her cheese that daddy has to help more. Oh she’s 2 btw 😭 I keep telling him that it’s just the phase she’s going through but it really made me feel better just to see your son say the same thing to you and your neutral reaction. It was a total I’m not alone moment. I have been watching your channel since sxephil I’ve watched you grow your channel for so many years (since I was a teen and i just turned 30) I hope you can get into your parenting journey for some of us who are going through this new chapter of balancing who we were and who we are on top of trying to be a good role model for our kids especially when maybe our own childhoods were messy af. You’re one of the only content creators on this platform who has my trust and respect, just to see that you’re goin through it too really made me feel less alone! Can’t wait to see what else you upload, thank you for sharing with us!
I adore you Phil. Not only because of you opening up about your family and personal struggles, but for trying to get closer to your base of people. And yes, although you do have a privileged life, you also deal with more news during the course of one day than most of us out here, such as myself. So I get it.   I’ve watched you since the beginning and I’m proud to continue to be a subscriber to you.
I have been dealing with severe depression lately. But this video has actually helped, now I don’t feel so alone. Thanks Phil!
The fact I've been watching you since trey was born - heck, since BEFORE, is astounding. What a weird world the internet is.
Holy crap, Phil. You look amazing.
Hello, friend. ❤️
I've been watching you since 2007, and all i can say is that IM PROUD of you sxephil
Thank you for sharing this Phil! Over the pandemic my PTSD and Depression have gotten out of control. I’m failing things I wouldn’t usually and I’m ruining opportunities and relationships. Trying to find more than just talk therapy is impossible for me. They’ve got inpatient, group, and additional therapies for military related PTSD, bipolar, depression, eating disorders, etc. Not trying to make less of ANY of those, just frustrated that I don’t have more opportunities to find help. It has very much been affecting me and making me feel like I haven’t gone through enough to deserve more help. Hopefully with more and more people showing they’re struggling, more and more opportunities for help will come out.
I've been talking with my therapist thru video and phone calls every 2 weeks thru all this. Don't know what I'd do without her.  💗🐾💗
bruh these transitions
Did phil move?
You’ve been with your wife since you were 6?!?!?! 29 years together and you just turned 35? Childhood friends?
Really like this type and style of video. Please make more
Been on lexapro for a bit. It can help but I'm glad you aren't fully relying on it. You are awesome and I'm glad you are doing back
We love your face Phil. Thank you for this vid, it helps so many people going through hard times. Keep up the good work and focus on yourself and fam above all else or Defranco Nation will have to throat punch you 😜😉😆
human to human - i love you and im so proud of you. surviving an ed is so hard. lexapro saved my life.  i know you can do this.
Big "Yup" to pretty much all of this. It's real interesting to see how we respond to extended isolation. It's been challenging working on developing the mental tooling to cope with it. Keep on keeping on, Phil. Be good to yourselves out there, folks.
Thank you for your vulnerability 🖤 I’m also dealing recovering from depression + eating disorder and it’s not easy but I’m so proud that you’re able to acknowledge it and take big steps 🖤🖤 it’s so validating to hear someone else empathize
Love ya Phil ❤️
I'm  on Lexapro as well! if you have trouble peeing, hold your breath until it comes out.
Thank you. This mimics my life a bit. Meds helping but therapy actually is helping more than I thought. Love your face ;)
Carter is every 2-3 year old child lol
Ayy SSRI antidepressant gang!   In all seriousness though depression and anxiety are both disorders of the mind and body and so although therapy is amazing some people just need a little help getting their brain chemistry back in order. Thank goodness for therapy, medication, and the great outdoors for helping me live my best life.
I had to increase both my anxiety and depression pills earlier this year because I wasn't getting out of bed. My anxiety hit an all time high and my depression, well, that hole got deeper and much darker. Thank you for sharing how you are doing with us.
In an alternate universe Phil was the vlogger and Casey the newsman.   Also this has reminded me how much I like Phil vlogs. Thanks for being so real with us.
Holy crap I can't believe Carter is already 3..
Welcome to your lexapro journey! As someone who’s been on it for a year, it’s a great support for our mental health journey
Phil you are the best! Keep up the good work and you have a so many people part of this community, who have your back and always here to support you
As someone who grew up without a dad from the age of 7 (through suicide) watching this video and how you are with your kids made me shed a tear. I want to thank you for this video and all the content throughout the years, and you are an awesome human being and we love you!
Thank you Phil! I appreciate your honesty, and I, personally, really needed to hear your words of wisdom today! Take care, and know that you are truly making a difference (and your family is beautiful❤️)! ~Lindsey
OMG look how big Trey is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Carter is so cute and I miss Lindsey so much on her vlogs. Ok I'm not crying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know about the dark places depression and stress can take you. With worrying about hospital stays and bills and just putting food on the table, my God can it pile up fast and then add all that onto the top of 2020, it's a wonder we aren't all in straight jackets. I keep telling myself that I just can't take any more and then I think of my kids. they are 21 and 26 but that doesnt mean I don't worry and stress about them constantly. My Husband's health is not the best. He's had 6 heart related surgeries in the last 7 years so I worry about him every time he leaves the house. Sigh, I guess all we can do is try to take care of ourselves and each other the best we can and try and hold on...watching your show is always a bright spot though and it helps me get through the day. I hope you know how much you mean to us Phil and that we are sending you good vibes and positive energy!!!! Much Luvs from The Mountains of NC!!!
What’s up lexapro gang! Thanks for talking about your struggles. It makes me and people like me feel less stigmatized ❤️
Long time watcher..(back from the sx days) but rarely do I comment. Love you Phil, this shows such strength to talk about what you're going through and to recognize the behavior and want to recover. We're here for you and standing behind you every step of the way. You're someone who has gotten a lot of people, including me, through so many difficult points in life. Know your community is with you to lean on anytime you need.
Just want to give you a big hug, I understand how triggering this year has been.
Me when we were first introduced to Trey: "Holy fuck, he looks like Phil"  Me now: "I thought human cloning was illegal?... Is human cloning illegal? *Okay Google, is human cloning illegal?*"
Thank you for this , especially Linz talking about mental health so much on her ig really helps me.
Yes!!!!!!! Good to see your face other than in your studio
I needed this. Knowing that somebody I've looked up to and supported for the last 10+ years, and who may be more privileged than I am, still struggles the way I do...makes me feel less alone, less like an outcast, and encourages me to not give up hope. Love your face, bud. And Lindsey's sneak peak of a beautiful face! Love that lady. Thank you for connecting with all of us in such a vulnerable way.
Thanks, Phil. It's hard to believe I've been watching the show for almost 15 years. Where did that time go?! I appreciate the honesty and it's kind of encouraging in a way to know that I'm not the only one struggling. I'm glad you've been finding success with help. Love your face. Peace.
Wow!  I'm so glad that you have your children and wife.  I'm also very glad that they have you, Phil. I hope you're able to find the most joyous and happy days when we come out on the other side of this.  Yes... We.  We are here for you.  Because of you.  Thank you so much for not breaking up with us.  You know...it's all about us 🙂
I’ve missed vlogs from you and your family! I take a generic for Lexapro and had to up my dosage a little due to the year’s stresses, but that is okay because it’s helping me stay strong. I appreciate’cha.
💙💙💙
So much love for y'all and I feel the same for my toddler and student teaching. Idk how I would be without all these kids in my life to give me purpose. Still a dark time mentally and super cool to watch this as I consciously make a salad instead of eating oreos for lunch lol.
This is so great, Phil. As a longtime follower of you and Linz, it’s wonderful to see your success through the years. Beautifully done video.
Hey,  thanks for sharing,  we'll be here when you need us. Remember to breathe, make it happen
Needed this today, been close to breaking point much more than usual the last few weeks... Thanks mate
You're a 35 year old man who wears a backpack now 🙂
I went on anti depressants this year too. I think this year was the push I needed to look internally. ❤ Sending love. ALSO, my youngest is almost three so Carter's reaction is literally my everyday 😂😂😂
Yo how old is trey now?! Dude looks like he’s gonna be TALL TALL!
Happy to see you are balancing your personal care out.  Therapy and health are just important as medication (when needed). I have been medicated for most of my life due to a full blown disorder... ok, 2.  So, yes, meds are life saving, but shouldn't been your only plan of attack. Thank you for being a positive voice for mental health!!!! 🥰🥰🥰
Tastes like diet Case Nightstat
It’s so weird to be able to say that i grew up watching your videos for the past decade+ . Seeing you grow a family and grow as a person makes me happy to see. I loved this video btw! It was a wonderful surprise you beautiful bastard.
The ED recovery community is here for ya Phil!! Thank you for putting some male representation out there. We dont see enough men talking about going thru this ❤️
Trey's laugh makes me so happy ❤️
Glad you reached out Phil. It's been a long time. Sorry to hear things have been extra tough for you this year, but I'm glad you are getting towards working on it. Life is crazy, especially now, so take care of yourself. We will be here hanging out when you get back.
It's nice to see you expressing yourself in a less structured way, missed your face and definitely miss the joe vlog days. I hope your physical and mental state continue to improve, and I'm happy to hear that your kids have given you strength and motivation to push through this year. Always remember to be kind to yourself and never giving up on something important as your health, I know I'm not alone when I say I am here to listen to you vent out your thoughts and buy some merch to support you and your contribution to this online world.. DFTBA, Phil
We love you Phil
This is so wholesome and it makes me proud to be a Philly D fan, thank you
I feel no pity, only empathy.  We can relate and co-miserate on a lot Phil.  Your stepdad went psychopath on you, my mom went psychopath on me.  Keep grinding ny dude.
Thank you for sharing this sir. Vulnerability can be terrifying—but people need to know that they aren’t alone. ❤️
What a f*cking treat. Thank you for sharing with us. Hope to see some more of you just chatting and sharing your life (but zero pressure...obviously). 🤗
Thank you for being so open!  We need more people talking about mental health and removing the stigma, especially when it comes to medication.  I started a mental health journey this year too!  I started therapy in September and I've just started Wellbutrin a few days ago.  Between Covid and other personal events over the past few years, it's been tough and it took me awhile to actually acknowledge that I needed help.  Now that I've started, the emotional weight has already gotten better.    I still have a long way to go but I'm so excited to see where that takes me!  Good luck with everything!! ::HUGS::
Love you and your fam and yo’ face. Thanks for the text giving me the heads up-I am surprised how happy I am to get the texts and how personal they feel. Good on you for the work that you do and for being you. 😎👍❤️
Baby laughs are the best! They r so adorable dude good job
Glad to see the personal style of vlog :) it was lovely to see your family! Especially with everything on, it's a nice change of pace to see a more raw video
I got put on zoloft a few years ago, they can definitely be a huge help! Glad you're doing good Phil 😄
I genuinely forget Phil is a normal person and not a YouTube God, these are nice reminders
When did Trey and Carter get so big? 🥺
I just started Lexapro in November. I’m noticing that I don’t take small critiques so close to the heart. I never realized I was an anxious person because I thought my regular level was normal.
This was so wholesome and honest. Love yo face Phil.
Yolo Phil this was tight man glad your getting help man, Merry Christmas man and keep up the awesomeness.
Omg trey has grown so much
Jesus... You don't know how much you have helped me... This year is really tought on it's own, but there are so many bad things happening right now, thanks for the help. I just need to remind myself that it is ok to feel bad when someone does something bad to you...
Phil, I love the mustache. 2, When I hear this, I just wanna help and be your friend. Glad you are taking steps to help yourself. You have lots of on here. As far as I can tell, you also have a finally that loves you.
Same here. Mine is almost exactly Trey's age and I'm not sure I would have left the bed this year otherwise.  Meds alone are not a cure-all but they can absolutely be what helps you get to where you can handle the other parts and pull it all together.  From someone with a mental health disorder that requires medication, thanks for not being 'that guy' and making it just a pull yourself up by the bootstraps (or running shoe laces) message.  It's been good 'growing up' with you guys and thanks for being a point of, uh, sanity in this ridiculous year.
I'm so proud of you for talking about this. It's definitely not easy to open up about and I appreciate your courage and vulnerability. Sending a hug from Canada.
This is the perfect way to flex the new camera omg
So proud of you Phil! Keep it up!
256.3 pounds?  That's around 116 kg... I weigh 123 kg currently and that's the lowest I've been since... oh... forever.  Keep going man, you'll get in shape again. And it does effect your mood. It really does.
I sure hope we get more of these!!! Love ya face!!
I don’t want you merch when?.....Pls? 🤞
Love you too Phil. You helped me through the hardest times in my life. I’ve been watching since you had clocks on your wall. I miss them clocks. Anyways thanks again for brightening up my life everyday. I will be forever grateful. 😃👍🏽
Love you, Phil! Thanks for speaking out. Letting people know that even our more successful humans, still struggle and that struggling is ok and it's ok to ask for help! Can't wait to see your beautiful face more! 💚
Seeing how big the boys have gotten is insane, I'm glad you are all doing well
Let that mustache grow man! It wants to be free!
You are awesome!
Thank you for sharing this. I am happy you have taken the time to really help yourself! And to share that with everyone. You are doing an amazing job. 🥰   Your kids are adorable!
man those kids are so big. makes me feel old wtf
Hey Phil, I dont think ive ever commented but, I want you to know you are not alone in feeling this way. I have slipped into an equally dark place this year and I appreciate that you are being open about mental health. You have been a constant... 4 days a week  joy in my life. I look forward to all of your videos and I appreciate all the time and energy you put into your channel and your supporters. I know you said earlier in the year you were thinking of ending the regular PDS after 2020 and if that is still the case, thank you for all the informative smiles you have brought to all of us.
LexaPRO is also a type of patient hoist. Thought you should know.
This is a great camera wow
God damn do I love this man. He’s just so genuine and real. That’s why a long time ago (11-12 years now omg) I considered him my favourite YouTuber and to this day that has never changed. Besides people in my immediate family I really don’t think anyone else has had such a huge impact on who I am as a person besides him. I love you Phil and thanks for sharing your struggles in such an open and honest manner. <3
Seeing how much Trey and Carter have grown up made me realise a) quite how long I've been watching you and b) how long it's been since we saw you do anything vlog-y like this! So much love and respect for sharing this. Although I still took waaaaay too long to get help for my anxiety and depression I feel like I was lucky to be a woman and feel like I had a lot less stigma to deal with, I cannot imagine how hard it can be for men to talk about this stuff and be so vulnerable. And it did take me years to realise there was nothing wrong with needing fluoxetine or CBT to stay on top of my life, now that I'm there I am the biggest advocate for trying medication (it might work, it might not but I believe everyone should give it a chance if their brain chemistry is fundamentally screwed up like mine is) and seeing a therapist before things have a chance to snowball, to the point I think I may sometimes piss off my friends raving about how important it is to get help and try every avenue to find what works for you because something will.  I'm so sorry to hear you're struggling with an ED, I suffered from anorexia nervosa for years and admittedly it is still a struggle a decade after becoming "healthy" so I'll probably consider myself to be in recovery for the rest of my life. But for anyone currently struggling with an ED or other body dysmorphia, I want you to know there are some absolutely beautiful moments where something like cooking or eating with my family, or watching a Babish video and deciding to try the recipe out without even thinking about the calorie count will trigger a moment where I realise how far I've come in my recovery and it makes my day immeasurably better knowing that all the work it took struggling though early recovery and the relapses has brought me to the relatively healthy place I'm in now.
Defranco does Niestat and I'm digging it. The vulnerability is amazing. It feels like your life is so very open that I'm glad to see how much more open you can be. Take care of you Phil, we're in your corner
Lexapro brother. *high five*?
Glad to see this, I feel like alot of people need to hear this kind of sentiment especially this year. Love your face.   Happy holidays to you, the family and the crew <3
Thank you for the video, Phil. Not being able to see people and do things normally this year has been so stressful. Thank you for giving a little bit of sanity to the world.
I was just sitting with my baby on my lap trying to find a job and thinking about how I put on like 20 lbs since I gave birth. I think I needed this video. Life’s been a lot. I’m grappling with finding work and not catching covid because not only do I have an infant but I also have an autoimmune disease. If I don’t work life’s going to be very hard for me my husband and my baby. All this is to say thanks for being open. It’s nice knowing I’m not alone in all these feelings even if they’re not one to one.
Thank you for talking about vulnerability openly with us. I'm also going through depression and without my career and loved ones, I would've stayed in bed all day. Love yo face
wow this was unexpectedly uplifting as fuck. thank you, and best wishes to you and your family!
What a delightfully refreshing video :-) good to hear you’re taking care of yourself. All the best.
#CBTforPhil!  Seriously though, you made two wonderful kids that deserve you.
I love you Phil. I've gone through the same stuff in the past few years, and at 22, that's been a big struggle. Your content has been a constant for me for the past 11 years now, and I'm really thankful for that, and that you're getting yourself on a path you're happier with. Thank you for this video today, I needed it. Keep it up <3
Love you. thank you for sharing this
The editing/jump cuts on this video are 🔥.
❤️❤️❤️
I respect and enjoyed this vlog
Been on depression meds for years. Those & therapy are what got me through this year. Ok. And chocolate.
thanks for everything you do Phil. I hope you and yours are doing well, overall, during this pandemic - and whole year honestly.  I’m happy to hear you miss doing these personal videos (not saying you should do them all the time), just saying that because I enjoy them.  I wanted to let you know that your personal “I love this girl” video where you were talking about Linds whilst walking/pacing on a street is forever one of my favourite videos. I was young and a teen when that video came out. It was beautiful to see someone I looked up to open up and be vulnerable; still to this day, it’s one of the first times I spoke to myself and realized my emotions.  Anyways, love you and your family man. ✊🏽✊🏽  tl;dr : I enjoy the videos, they mean a lot to me. I wish you and yours well, Phil. More life. ❤️
I love this whole video, I needed to see it. Thanks
You Rock! Thank You,for taking care of yourself
Hey love yo face buddy. I too have been going on a path of rediscovery and I do have you, in a way, to thank. It was your promoting of Betterhelp.com years ago that I realized I had other options. Especially since my coverage plan would give me a therapy session like once a month... after waiting like 2 months.  I was amazed the number of walls I had put up and the tower I had built for myself thinking that I knew who I was and what I was doing. Then realized how long of a fall I was going to take to rebuild. (Worth it btw)  But now, I am happily running around my head with a battering ram smashing every metal barrier I see.  It was reading this chapter that I realized I needed help. It hit me far harder than I had ever expected it to but became a perfect path for my own journey. To those who know the story of the "Knight in Rusty Armor" this may seem familiar.  https://www.gogetaroomie.com/comic/chapter-12
Love your show! I'm glad you are seeking help.   Something I realized I'm missing is the Rogue rocket shows. I looked and it doesn't seem like one has been posted in almost a year. Is there any chance we could be getting a covid safe show from them?
I take the same thing and it does help. Don’t ever thing taking a pill will change who you are. You are the best you, you can be.
Thank you Phil, for sharing this. I have loved enjoying your content and your wife's content before she stepped back. It's been amazing seeing you and your family grow! I am proud to be a Beautiful Bastard.
Thank you  Phil! You are an amazing person. I greatly appreciated this video! This year has been tough not including the craziness outside and hearing I'm not alone makes the struggle a bit more bearable! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
I’ve struggled with the same issue. Thanks for sharing, love your face 💙
Hey, you're awesome, and you got this.
Thank you for your vulnerability Phil. It’s a scary thing to do but means so much to so many. Love yo face!
We missed you too, Phil :)
Seeing your boys laughing made me miss my nephews, but also put a smile on my face, and I needed that today
Thank you Phil, I needed to hear this!
This was really nice ! A good refresher from the usual content ! Love to see creator take a moment to step back and connect with there audience ! Much love!
Thank you Phil. I have done much the same this year and I feel you. Good luck. From my broken brain to yours.
Philly D I loved every second of this, I haven't seen you or the fam in an unscripted manner since Linz stopped vlogging (I'm not on social) and I love all your faces! Good on you for being on your Journey to feeling better and getting the help you need. Further, I respect you for sharing it. I've been a subscriber for a decade and I know I speak for all of us when I say we only want the best for you and support you! I look forward to seeing you chat with us over the break, if that feels good to you. Keep doing you!
I love it, the man is back. Love the new style. Pickin up some of those Casey moves lol
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
"I don't want you" is a whole 2020 mood 😂
Right there with you buddy. I know how you feel. Struggle with the same thing as well. All feel free to reach out. Communication heals the mind
THIS is the Phil I miss.
Thank you for sharing.  I needed to hear that.  Please make more of these!  How about Defranco Does Therapy?
I cannot explain how needed this video was needed. Phil Vlogs would boost the morale of so many... FYI
Love your face Phil. Thanks for being you. (also good lord Trey is growing up so quickly. It doesn't feel like he should be so old yet)
I am really grateful for to you for talking about having ED. Not only is it hard for us females but it is often ignored in men and they often feel embarrassed and ashamed.  Having someone like you bring a light to it will help them.
Love this video! Please keep making more !
good to have you "back" like this Phil :D
When Carter said "I dont want you".... understandable have a great day
He should document his weight loss journey
Never think you're less Phil, having struggled with weight my whole life I know it's hard man.  Keep trying dude, that's all you can do. Hit me up with a text if you wanna work out sometime :)
Wow "thier bones" is getting so big now.
I used to miss these vlogs, really happy to see some more come out, happy to see you're doing better for yourself Phil!
it's good to see you again sxephil i love your face. and seeing you with your amazing family reminds me of two things. 1. that someone with my struggles can find love and build a family and 2. those things won't solve everything magically and taking care of ourselves is a constant maintenance and progress struggle. I have been working on appreciating the support I do have instead of focusing on the romantic partner I wish i had for this year. Im so glad to hear you took the steps to work on your mental and emotional well being because i think a lot of people almost give up when they fear the ones in their life are not enough to make them happy that nothing will. But chemical imbalance and internal fears and anxiety can come for all of us no matter what and we have to be vigilant in our personal growth. Love you phil and your whole family, im glad you made it through 2020 and don't lose weight for how you look, change your diet for how you feel. I too have let myself go this year in particular but we can't be so hard on ourselves because there are much worse ways to bypass hard times. Take care of yourself and let those who love you take care of you too.
We love you and your beautiful family. Thanks for the chat 🤗
Holy shit, Trey is so big! I remember when he could barely talk. 😭😭😭
Title had me shook I’m like we already lost Jenna not Phil too.  I too have been struggling with depression, even tho I’m probably at the best place in my life. Makes me feel ungrateful because I know others are struggling. But you have to validate your feelings because depression will eat you alive I’m learning that. So thanks for giving us a place to be honest.
Your an awesome watch man. I always enjoy just chilling and watching your content. Love you bro, and honestly you should give God a real shot, I was depressed just off a near fatal wreck that resulted in a life changing brain injury, and it really has helped me through it. Remember it's not about religion, it's about a relationship.
Love you, Man! Glad you're on the move and feeling like you're able to share.
Just a suggestion, the next time someone says they don't want anything you have a few options.  1. You can go with a ridiculously amusing toy from Vat 19 or spencer's gifts. Age appropriate of course. Farting puddy is always funny.  2. Socks because most people wear them. But they must be the luxurious ones that soften. Not many guys buy those & let's face it they deserve to feel pampered & blame you for trying it in the first place. Lol 3. Find something that could improve or simplify their routine. I got my hubby to try out a beard straightener with the oils & everything. He enjoys it waaayyy more than he thought.  4. A food they enjoy but rarely get. Be it home made or store bought. These are just my favorite tactics for the difficult to buy for.
Hey Phil, Thanks for being open and honest about your emotions and struggles. I struggle with some similar things and it's good to hear you talking about eating disorders openly because it still feels very taboo to talk about.  I really appreciate it coming from a make perspective as I feel men are not encouraged to share their feelings. I think this is changing, slowly, but it's still hard. It has an impact when a guy like you steps up and says I'm struggling and I'm doing something about it because I'm not happy with where I'm at. And all of that is ok.   Thanks for being you and putting good out in the world.
This year at 35 is the first time i told myself i need professional help. Trying to do it by yourself is hard, even when ur self aware about what ur going thru.
Luv u Phil
😊😊 Phil did you mean you & Linz have been together nineteen years? Cuz fam I'm your age i and know you didn't start dating at 6 💝  Thanks for the excellent video. You're amazing. Thank you for letting us all check in with L. & the boys / introducing them to new people. I'm genuinely glad you're talking such good care of yourself. (you are). Feel better and make sure to priorities yourself. Much love, man. I'm a long time fan. Really appreciate you.
LMAO I DON’T WANT YOU
1. Thank you for this  :')  and 2. If this is from a new camera...nice.  What brand is it?
Best video ever.  Thank you Phil.  Curious question,  what camera did you use?
Hi Phil, I've been watching your videos since 2007 and it has been amazing to watch your journey as a YouTuber and person over the years. I even managed to get one of the free tickets for your live show in Chicago when I was in college!  I've been going through my own struggles over the past few years and it's been really great to hear you talk so openly about your own struggles in a time when I have been going through a lot of personal changes and reflections. Just wanted to thank you for all the years of laughs you've given me and hope to have many more with you. Thank you, and hope things get better for the both of us in the new year!
You know I really liked this kinda format and talk. It’s good to hear from you Phil. I didn’t have as many challenges as I feel as others as I been in my worst condition for years but this framed my perspective that things could turn around for me and that give yourself more slack actually really helped. I been one of those stay in bed every single day but I’m hoping to one day find a way to live once again c:
I’m such an emotional mess that having you talk so softly and honestly is making me cry because it’s so calming and my brain feels like it’s on fire. A+++ content, taking meds doesn’t make you any less, I’ve had to go up on my antidepressants 3 times this year and and I’m on anti anxiety pills. Used to feel guilty about it, then my brain caught up and I don’t 🤷🏻‍♀️ Also, Carter is my spirit child.
Well wishes Phil, I've been going through some really messed up times myself, not all of which is external, and I appreciate you taking the time to address your audience directly and share some of your personal life with us.
Thank you. Also this made me realise how much I miss seeing Trey and Carter
Such a beautiful family!! This makes me feel good.
Thank you Phil. Thank you for sharing your story, it is one I share- especially the disordered eating. Your words have resonated and reinvigorated me. Thank you for being so brave and open. <3
Good To meet you again!  I'm proud of you for not wallowing and taking action! Keep kicking ass, man!
ive had, and still have, my fair share of experience with eating disorders (Binging/purging among others) and depression but I am glad to say that I am on a good path with the help of therapy, medication, time, love and effort.  I am so so proud of you! thank you for speaking about this! you've  got this Phil!! love your face!
Really meaningful that you shared this. Hearing that you’ve been feeling a lot of the same things I have during this crazy time is comforting and makes me feel not so isolated on an emotional level even if we are on a physical level
As someone who suffers from binge eating myself, I appreciate this. We love you Phil.
Fantastic video Phil, thanks for being so open!
Thai video was so wholesome, I love it!
I can’t believe how big Trey and Carter have gotten! Thank you so much for this life update. I love the format and I needed to hear that. Love you Phil.
Idk why, but watching this I teared up a bit. Glad to see your face like this too.
Hey Phil, I’m so sorry to hear that you’ve been struggling, but I’m SO PROUD of you for getting the help that you need! It’s so hard to reach out for help! Also thank you for sharing this with us. Using your platform to raise awareness is so helpful for others that are struggling! It’s also a very brave thing to do! Love yo face, I hope you feel better soon!
I totally feel ya Phil. ❤️ Thanks for sharing!
Thanks Phil, I needed to hear this❤
Love all your creativity and videos sir. Being a former bulimic I want you to know I hear you and so grateful you're doing therapy. Hugs to you and know you have so many who love you!
“I don’t want you” is now Carter’s version of Trey’s “that’s amazing”
Lexapro was the key missing after my dads passing over Christmas in 08. After a couple of years I was tapered off and finally felt better and more like myself. Its amazing what 10mgs of lexapro can do on top of doing the real hard work.
Can I like this video a million times?
I missed these kinds of videos, and also Joe asking “what day is it Phil?”
I relate to a lot of this, Phil, and I think it's very cool that you're so open and willing to share and willing to be vulnerable, even though it's difficult. I'm trying to make a lot of the same changes as you, I'm trying to get in better shape, I'm trying to get a handle on my mental health, I'm trying to get a better handle on my ... I won't say disordered eating, but it's definitely borderline. It's rough going. I have a friend I talk to literally every day who is helping to coach me through parts of it because a lot of the time I just need someone else to be accountable to because I don't care enough about myself to help myself. But it's a journey, and I like that we are apparently working through it together, it makes me feel less alone.   To anyone concerned who might want elaboration on my "borderline disordered eating", I have something of a cycle I'm in where I just keep forgetting to eat until I get way too skinny and then I become disgusted with my appearance and throw myself into working out and counting calories to get myself back to a healthy weight and look... until I start to slack off and then I start to forget again. And the not eating enough thing isn't so much a self image thing that I do on purpose as much as it's a few different factors all coming to a head. I have a chronic migraine/facial pain disorder, and I'm the sort of person who, if I'm in pain, I don't want to eat. And since I'm essentially always in pain, I don't eat. That, plus I'm on ADHD medication which also has an appetite suppressing side effect, but otherwise works really well for me, so I'm reluctant to switch to something else. There's also a tiny bit of self image in there too, I won't lie to you. When I get a good handle on my eating  but I'm not exercising enough and I gain more fat, I do get that voice in my head saying that maaaaybe I should start forgetting to eat again until my double chin goes away. But I try not to let that guide my decisions.
We appreciate you good sir. Thank you for taking the time to say these important things! 💪
I've missed these.. of course you've been busy with everything but still. Love ya face son!
Me and my wife can totally relate. I started a low dose of lexapro as well. Unfortunately for me, the lexapro started giving me panic attacks. I ended up in therapy and making some lifestyle changes. My anxiety and panic have gone down a little and I have debated going back on some sort of medication. It's reliving to see and realize that I'm not alone. I get so caught up in my bubble of my life that I put on blinders to others struggles including my wife's. I have a little girl that is carters age, she keeps me grounded. Thank you for sharing your struggles and putting it in front of the blinders. Helps to see that I am not alone, you are not alone and others are not alone. Oh and Fuck 2020.
Thanks for the video. I’ve been feeling more depressed too. I know it has a lot to do with the articles I read about the pandemic and with the state of politics in America. I don’t have young children at home, and I have had days where I’m absolutely so unmotivated to take care of everything from day to day house cleaning, to Christmas shopping, to work. It feels like nothing is changing and nothing matters, and therefore - it doesn’t matter that there’s still Halloween decorations up when I’m supposed to be decorating for Christmas. I know I’ve become less physically healthy during the pandemic (despite my partner asking me to walk with him in our neighborhood daily), and as a result I have less energy, flexibility, and strength to do the chores that require my attention. But, then on another level I feel like - who cares? Do any of my petty chores even matter when the president does whatever he wants without consequences, while he also ignores thousands of Americans dying every single day? It makes me feel like nothing matters. I love my family. I want to care about things in my life enough to make them better for my family. But I’m just getting by. Instead of cleaning the house properly, I’ll throw Halloween decorations in a box and put them out of sight. I’ll decorate the Christmas tree out of obligation, rather than with any kind of seasonal joy I wish I felt. Ugh. 🤦‍♀️ It’s me and problems I already had, but now those problems and anxiety just feels magnified as a result of the barrage of horrible pandemic and political news every single day. It’s really really hard right now, especially as we’re heading into such a deadly winter as a result of the pandemic. Hand in there everyone - and I’ll try to do the same.
🙏
I really liked this! Thanks Phil
Sometimes I forget how long I been watching Philip and then I am reminded of how old I am whenever Trey pops up and speaks a whole coherent sentence. Is time really going this fast?
I love you to death, Phil. I respect your struggle and I sympathize. I have been suffering with an eating disorder for over 3 decades. That's why I respectfully request you put a trigger warning in your summary. I didn't have a clue that this was where your video was going. At first I thought it might be an ad, or some other announcement regarding your channel, or something about COVID and depression in general. I had to full stop at 3:15. Love and prayers to you and your family always.
Ahhhh, Trey's so big now.💙 I loved the early fam vlogs back in the day. I'm glad you're doing well Phil. I've been following you since I was in middle school (getting my M.E. now) and I'm honestly a better critical thinker in part because of your show. Thanks for the last 10 years!💙
Thank you for sharing. You’re doing all the right things now, i you’ll get through this. Great to hear from you again
1. Carter is my spirt animal 2. Thanks for opening up, your feelings are valid and I’m so happy that you’re trying to better yourself. 3. Thanks for your honesty, is so hard going through this times and thinking you’re alone, but the reality is that there’s a lot of people struggling just like me, even people I look up to. 4. THE PRODUCTION OF THIS VIDEO!!! THE EDITING!! Wow *chefs kiss*
Omgod, Carter is my spirit animal! Same sir. 🤣🤣
I really appreciated you showing us this vulnerable part too. Thank you!
I'm proud of you Phil. I know it's hard to take those first steps, but they are always worth it. My therapist once told me that mental illness is like a steep hill covered in brambles and gnarled roots. Sure therapy gives you a kit and meds give you boots, but at the end of the day, you're the one that has to climb that bitch. Remember that if you ever fall down and feel like it was all a waste, the progress you fought for left a path for you to follow. You can do this.
you're so grown up now!! love this!
Wow I thought I was old but I'm only  28 guess I'm not that old
Carter is 3 now?! Now I feel really old!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wow, you made me realize that I had a subconscious bias about eating disorders. Like I was surprised and a small part of me thought it was exaggeration before I realized I had no reason to think those things. I think a lot of us have a very narrow idea of what eating disorders are and who they target and how they appear. Thanks for sharing this, it's important to see that it can affect anyone in many ways and not always visibly. Best wishes to you and your family.
Give yourself the grace you deserve
You are a modern day Hero!!!!!!!
Thanks for sharing, man.  God bless.
I love this! I was on Lexapro myself for a number of years. There is no shame in taking care of you mental health, and I’m so grateful for how honest and open you have always been about it. Also, ‘I don’t want you right now!’ 🤣 My kids have said the same thing to me. Lol!
This year has been incredibly stressful and wonderful. I started dating an amazing woman who helps me be better, got fired from my job of almost 5 years, moved into a house and started a small fur family with my amazing partner, and continue to find a well paying job. I've felt lesser for all of the feelings I'm feeling, but this was an additional pick me up that you texted out just as I told my partner how I've been feeling. So I just need to remind myself to hit life's like button or Phil will punch me square in the throat.
Thank you for being willing to share things like this with us. I’ve been watching since I was 14 (6 years now) and have always appreciated your content. We love you Phil ❤️
Hold on, someone broke into my house and decided to start cutting onions under me while I was watching this.
We love you Phil thanks for sharing!
Yay! A vlog. I have missed these. Thanks for putting your vulnerability out there. It makes me feel like I am not alone. I too am at my heaviest and feel like shit about it. You are not alone. Also, LOVE Carter's reaction.
I am so proud of you!! I have been on medication for the last...4 or 5 years now, and it is so helpful. So I am so happy you're adding it to your healthy lifestyle ♡♡♡
a few things:  #1 most adorable kids omllll #2 give us the moustache defranco #3 thank you for all of what you've done this past year, as well as the past few years. sometimes the show has gotten me pretty stressed out (as the news is wont to do) but how you structure and deliver it feels less like some person in a suit telling me why i need to be even more stressed than i already am and instead feels like I actually have some sort of interaction with someone, which makes it feel like i know that everything will be alright. thanks for the years and the years to come.
I'm currently going through a eating disorder I developed from my crohn's disease and hearing that you have similar issues makes me feel a bit better. I'm so sorry your going through that though, please stay safe and healthy. You and your show mean so much to me.
We love you Phil!  Bring the blogs back.  It helped keep you connected to this family you created with us.
Glad to have you here. I'm sure you are helping a lot of people with sharing. Best wishes. You can turn the corner. 👍
phil you have no idea how much you have impacted my life, the person i am today is shaped by 3 creators, You, Michael from Vsauce, and Hank from SciShow. seeing yourself open up is amazing and makes me realize that i need to be more open to myself about myself too. thank you for everything
Oof... I needed this...i feel you and thanks Phil 💗
This reminds me of olds school  vlogging. I’m all for it!
Love this! More vulnerable sessions with Phil! ❤❤
Thank you!
Thank you so much for this, Phil. It's meaningful to many of us on levels far deeper than the simplicity of the video.
“I missed talking to y’all on a personal level.”   I missed it too Phil. Hope to see more of these when you’ve got the time (:
Phil if you wanna do vlogmas sweetie just say that 😜  But in all seriousness, looking forward to more glimpses like this! Those feelings are all too relatable.
As always, it's a pleasure to meet you again Phil. Thank you for sharing. You've always given more than you get from us and you are appreciated.
You’re stronger than you know Phil! Even if you don’t think it.
Yeah I needed this.
Trey is sooo big now! Wishing you and your family all the best Phil!
I was very worried after the title
Thank you Phil for being so open to speaking on medication in a positive light.
phil, i truly can't believe how much this video helped me today? i've been feeling really hopeless lately. i'm about to finish university, and i'm going to go into a world that's just...crazy. i've been a fan for years and years, and hearing you open up and be vulnerable does make me feel like i'm not alone.  it's a pleasure to re-meet you, Phil. i look forward to re-connecting in this little way. :)
Love your face
This is beautiful.  Childrens belly laughs are fantastic.  You are definitely not alone and it's wonderful that you are reminding others of the same thing.  Stay strong man, the world needs you and others like you.
So proud of you Phil. It's been a while. Welcome back.
MORE LINZ .. MORE KIDS .. (you're fine, Phil ... )
Thank you for taking so candidly about your mental health. You've been a constant on YouTube for so long, amazing to see you grow but sorry you're going through it recently
I’ve learned a lot about how money won’t fix things. Thanks Phil. We miss hearing you from a personal level.
I'm just one of the many who is struggling this year too I'm sure. More specifically with mental health. My doctor is suggesting Lexapro for me too and I'm a little scared that I got to this point. Thank you for being   vulnerable and open. You make me feel not alone. This was a good reminder
Phil has a cinema room
I died of cuteness with Carter's "I don't want to" 😭 Also, same.
What camera model is this?
Why are liberals always depressed about everything.
🖤 Carter’s reaction to the door opening🤣🤣
Damn... i just started taking an anti anxiety med recently so this kinda hit me. The pill definitely does not fix everything, i still don't see a place for myself- have no idea where i fit in in the world, but i'm hoping that without anxiety overwhelming my brain all the damn time i can figure out what that place is.
Thanks for sharing Phil, hopefully 2021 will be a better year for all of us💚
welcome back
Hearing an Adult talk about their depression after I've been brushed off by my parents as lazy and self centered for years is so. Nice? Thank you, i woke up this morning thinking about how quickly I was slipping into another depression, and knowing I'm not alone is very comforting 🧡
Thank you for sharing. Jesus really helped me get through highs and not so high times in my life! I know how you feel about religion and I respect it. You and your family are a blessing! Cheers good sir!
1:16 the definition of being a parent
I’m on lexapro too.
The editing on this is top notch. Love the slick transitions between the different shots at the beginning
Ok but the editing tho THE *EDITING* THO
Well this was wild to watch. My issue is more binge with no purge, but other than the fact that I have a boy and a girl and my wife isn't a redhead, this was almost like watching myself on video... Thanks for the honesty when you could just keep it wrapped up, knowing my struggles aren't unique is actually super motivating...
Thank you for everything you do! And 2 things my dear, you are not alone & you are loved! 💖
Respect
me thinking "aw man these cool edits are kinda taking away from the seriousness of the message" phil: "no special transition here to uh... deflect or distract from me trying to be vulnerable here"   ah there it is.   It's ok to not be ok. It's ok to not be at your best all the time. Nobody is what they seem on instagram, everyone has struggles. Nobody is perfect, and nobody expects perfection from you. We are all vulnerable especially with everything going on in the world. Treat yourself with kindness and know that you are not alone <3
Thank you Phil for just tryin to always be here for the communities metal health
I've missed more personal videos like this from you, too. After 10+ years of following your career and growth, all I can say is this, do what feels good. Don't feel obligated to do these videos, but if this is what you need right now. I, and I'm sure many others, are here for it. Love you, buddy, have a good Monday.
Mad respect for this really honest video. Really appreciate you, Phil!
Man, I am so proud of you. I am proud of you for getting up each day. I am proud of you for loving and caring for your boys. I am proud of you for getting help. I am so unbelievably proud of you to ask for more help. Seriously.   ED recovery is not a straight line, and much like being an alcoholic I don't know if the thoughts ever really go away. But fuck man, it's so worth it. I'm seven years into active recovery. Yes I slip up sometimes, but that's okay. It's about getting back up and trying again- because it's always worth it. You're one strong mother fucker and you got this.   And I just want to say, fucking 2020 has been bullshit and I've slipped up a lot this year .   A friendly note ; eating disorders are normally more about control and less about the food itself. I think that working out is amazing, you should keep it up - but be honest with yourself, and listen to the people around you if they're telling you they're worried about the amount you're working out. Don't replace one purge with another.  There is a line of balance and I believe you can do it   Lastly --  "- He's 3.And a lot" - Dude, my three year old is the same. She's a bloody terrorists some days lol. Everyone says terrible twos. No. No it's three that's the worst. The threenager.
Thanks for the talk. Also great editing and transitions.
Phil don't make me cry like that! I loved this <3
Okay Smooth Transition Phil we see you!!!
Thank you so much Phil. This was really inspiring to watch and the moments with your family were absolutely wholesome. I love your work but most importantly you as a person are really truly incredible. I respect you a lot and thank you for bringing happiness into this mess of a world right now. Never stop being yourself. 🧡
Such a nice chat! Glad to see you having a positive outlook on these vlogs. The vulnerability is refreshing to see from a long time subscriber and someone who deals with their own mental battles as well. Now more than ever, us all just allowing ourselves to be human is hard but necessary.
as someone who's been riding with Phil since the very beginning I just feel so much joy to watch him grow more and more as a person, which is much harder to do standing in a spotlight. I'd also now love to see him chat with Dr K on Twitch, if he is comfortable doing so and can make the time
Stay kind Phil! All everyone else with any issues or problems, be kind to yourself and give it time. Currently on the antidepres route as well, we can do it
Casey Neistat has nothing on you lol! Cant wait to see more vlogs like this! Getting to spread your artistic editting wings! Ive been a fan since day 1...cant wait to see your brand evolve even more.
Look at those wonderful Vessi shoes.
Hey, Phil. Yes you, Phil. Thank you for sharing. As some struggling, much in the same ways you are, I appreciate this video. Also, I have just missed your face and have missed this style of content.
Thank you for sharing!
Thank you for this video. In the last couple of weeks, I've also realized just how badly I've been struggling as well. I have a wife, a kindergartener, and toddler twins, both parents work from home full time, and we have a host of medical issues going on right now (ortho for my wife, GI for the K, and developmental delays for the twins, plus mental health for me and my wife). It's just been... a lot. I've come to realize that I'm either depressed or suffering from an ongoing anxiety disorder, but either way I need help and I have my first ever therapy session on Wednesday. Your candor with your own mental health issues have definitely spurred me on toward the decision to seek professional help, along with the recommendation from a friend and our family counselor. Thank you for being open and honest with us. It really does help!
I can't even put into words how this made me feel. Thanks for starting this again. Thanks for making me laugh. Thanks for making me feel less alone in my own struggles. And thank you for talking about EDs. My niece has been struggling with an ED after an especially rough year. I'm proud to share your video with her so she can feel more okay with being open about it. Thank you, Phil.
Thank you so much for this phil
Damn I've missed the real vulnerable Phil.
Awww well its good to see regular phil we have missed you. I look forward to getting reacquainted 😊 love yo face!!
This is something I really needed to hear without realizing I needed to hear it
Love this format of video Phil. It's nice to see a video from you that does feel like it's on a more personal level. As always, I wish you the best. As far as depression goes, yesterday I saw a video from Sweet Anita on depression. You should check it out. She made a lot of good points. She grew up with Tourette's syndrome so of course went through many years of depression that I can't even imagine. Good luck bro. Looking forward to more of these.
Thanks for sharing Phil. About two months ago I realized I didn't have any energy and it was getting harder and harder to get out of bed - my world was shrinking quite rapidly, and at the center of it was me doing less physical exercise than I've ever done in my life. So I finally quit saying I was going to do something about it tomorrow and started doing something about it *today* and it's been going well! I'm sleeping at a better and more regular time, I'm eating better, and I'm doing a bunch of running and weights/sit-ups/push-ups/pull-ups and stretches. The final push was actually from another YouTuber I watch who also shared that he'd been feeling really lifeless and low-energy, then he made the same changes I did and found it helped.  Hopefully this video can be the catalyst to start the change other people want to see, and thanks again for sharing something so vulnerable and personal.  ALSO, *JEEZ* how are Trey and Carter so big already? It feels like just yesterday Carter was just a tiny little bundle and Trey was barely walking. I'm happy to see them both looking so happy and healthy!
Big love Phil
I love your face Sir.  Thank you for helping to normalize mental health issues🤍🖤
Lots of love, Phil. Always put your health above everything else. We understand that you are a human being, too and that you have your struggles just like we have ours. I'm from India and your show pops up around 3 am here, so the show is one of my first sources of news when I wake up. You and your team work hard for bringing the show to us. You guys deserve breaks, too. Please take breaks whenever things feel a little too overwhelming. Again, lots of love to you, Lindsey and the boys. Take care. We love you ❤️
I just started Lexapro 3 weeks ago! Hopefully it helps us both 💜 Good luck, man. Love yo face
Anyone else hear about the things Phil is dealing with personally and go “damn it, he’s still handsome af tho”?
thank you for the vulnerability. it’s much appreciated especially during times like this. i started lexapro recently too! hope it works out for you:)
This felt like dad finally noticing me. Much love Phil!!
You've got this Phil and even when you don't, we've got you. Love yo' face.
Holy crap, I feel like your kids have grown up so fast!
I love the message and the editing choices.
Yo Phil you're to look very Old my G but thanks for the video.
Honestly a lot of my mental health is because of you. I get to choose to be informed about the world I live in, know what I can do to take part in it, and still not have to allow myself to be inundated with news articles and media outlets of varying honesty and integrity all day every day. Thanks for making the world digestible so we all dont have to dwell but can still not have our heads in the sand.
Thank you for this. I am a subscriber, and I call your PDS my "news program" (that's what I tell The Kid when he asks me what I'm watching--he's 22), but I would still call myself a "casual fan". I don't comment or text, usually, I just consume the good, good content and while I wish you well, I'm not terribly invested. I don't say this to hurt you (lol), but to let you know that your direct vulnerability hit the target of even this "casual fan".  We have all been through so much this year, and your opening up to the viewer like this is crucial and kind. I am in a place of privilege (needs met, able to quarantine, I have healthcare in the U.S. at a reasonable rate), but I still struggle. I will be kinder to myself. Thank you for reminding me.
Thanks for being vulnerable Phil! It’s nice to see these videos and really get to relate to you! Hope to see more!!
LEXAPRO GANG LEXAPRO GANG LEXAPRO GANG
Really enjoyed this. And didn’t even need to be threatened with a throat punch to like it.
Phil your daily show keeps me going each day.
Casey Defranco. On a serious note. Love this format and it's very brave of you to put this on camera. Sending love.
I always love a healthy reminder for mindfulness. You remind me I'm in the worst shape of my life too and I should be more mindful of my own body and feelings. Life is always an uphill battle, and you can easily slip back down if you aren't careful.
I love all the family's different responses!
Phil I felt the same way. Even seen a counselor for over 3 years now I felt like I was still stuck in this rock between a hard place so I was asked if anxiety medication could help. I’m also now on Lexapro and I’ve felt better. My anxiety has gone down to where I feel like I’m back in control of my life. I hope you get that same feeling as well.
Thank you for all you do! I appreciate you!!
not me crying at the end of this??
Hello You have a very pleasant face (:
Congratulations on asking for help and taking care of your family. Thank you so much for sharing all this, especially with the eating disorder because men are not immune to it. Food is such an essential part of survival that it is hard to believe that we deprive and abuse it. Again, proud of you for taking care of yourself and in turn your family.
Stealing some of Casey's 2018 edits I see lol  Love you Phil 💓
Love you Phil.  In all seriousness.  You are not your darkest days, you are not your lowest moments, and you continue to inspire thousands of not millions to be better, to seek knowledge, to address biases, to know your own self and we can't thank you enough.  Glad you're taking care of yourself and finding light in a dim year
I'm in the same boat my brother. I got 30 pounds on you, been doing the "essential thing" since the mess went into high gear. I suffer from anxiety & depression so this year was a definite test.  My only outlet, besides the support of my lovely wife, is lifting weights & podcasting. I still binge and go through mad cases of the "fuck its" but manage to muddle through.  Your video today was a nice, intimate way of sharing a part of yourself with your audience and, although this might get lost in the flood of comments, just remember what Eddie Hall says, "Tough times do not last but tough people do."  You, my friend, are tough. Stay strong and we all support you.
Always great to hear from Phil the person and not Phil the newsman. Thank you for sharing <3
Nothing better to de-stress then listening to your child laughing. Ahh I miss when they were that small.😊
We love you Phil. All the love for you and your wonderful family. Please take all the time you need to take care of yourself.
You're a wonderful human being, Phil. And you bring so much truth to the world through your sharing of news. But also your own truth, which this is. You make a difference through everything you share, bringing awareness and just wanting things to be better - but also making things better through your words.  You have an amazing family, and you make a difference through your work. But I'm so happy that you're taking the time for yourself too. You're loved by this community you've built, and I want nothing but the best for you. And I know you can get to where you need to be, because I know you're one helluva smart guy who can use your analytical mind to figure out what's wrong, and how best to fix it.  Take the time you need, as you need it. I know you've talked about shifting up the PDS schedule, and if you do, I and many others will still be here. We value your gift to the world, and we value you. So do what you need to do, and be your best you ❤❤
I appreciate this and you sharing. I have felt all the emotions this year and it’s refreshing to know I’m not alone ❤️ excited to see more content like this!
Keep at it, my friend! Would also HIGHLY recommend compound exercises. Very few things beat the feeling you get after a good set of Deadlifts. Start light, get the technique down, don't hurt yourself.  And remember:  "One day we'll all just be skeletons"
I feel the Casey Neistat Vlog vibes. I like it. Thank you for the community you've built Phil. Love ya faces
Thanks for sharing, Phil. You've been a part of my life for what? ... 12 ish years now? And to see you evolve and grow has been a pleasure. We are behind you and it's nice to see you feeling better. 😊
I'm so proud of you Phil, I have watched you grow and and grow throughout the years and really learn about yourself and things that make you,you, at your core and really harness them. I'm also proud you took the step to seek help when you feel like you couldn't do it on your own and as you said it doesn't reflect badly on you or anyone who has taken this step. I don't know man, I love your face and I'm happy you and the fam exist.🤍
Phil that transition was just "chef's kiss gestures*
Zoloft has turned me into a better human
Content aside, the editing job is fantastic. But of course, the entire video is very inspirational and reflects a lot on how you've grown and developed as a person throughout this year. Thanks so much for sharing Phi!
Hey Phil. Thanks for sharing !
Wholesome Phil is the best Phil. Chin up ❤
Love it Phil! Can't believe how big Carter has gotten. That kid's comedic timing is gold
the wholesome wwe needed. ty phil and DeFranco Fam
Love ya Phil. Been with you for over ten years now and thankful for your work. Thank you for all the years, all the ups and downs, thank you for hanging in there.
Bring back the office vlog!!!!! Love your face. And I will see you next time.
Man, I've been following you so long, you and Lindsey are making me feel old too 😂
This feels very Casey Neistat. 🔥💕
This is just so wholesome!!!
I have felt this change in you on the main channel. That’s why I had to stop watching. I could feel the negativity infecting my mind. So I am very glad you are working on becoming a better you for yourself and also for your family. It will get better. I believe in you. And when you feel better, I look forward to once again getting my news from you. :)
You are blessed. I miss having a family. So happy for you! ❤️
This video has a very Casey Neistat feel to it... lol, but that aside I want to say thanks making this video. I needed to hear this. Going to take those extra steps today to take care of myself. Thank you.
Phil you saying that your boys are your everything and have got you thru this year. That's exactly how I have felt. My kids are my everything. I have 2 boys and a baby girl. My oldest name is also carter he is 12 tho. My other boy is 7 and my baby girl is 5. They are my happiness my home. My everything. They make waking up everyday a little more easier. Thanks for this video Phil. I miss these convos.
Love ya, Phil.  I hope your path to healing is a nice, easy walk in the park.
Great video. I feel like it's been years since you made one of these . Grew up watching your main channel... Your message about bring nicer to yourself is great, a better path starts within.
As someone who deals with depression and a mood disorder that triggers deep depression, I completely understand what you meant when you said your kids were what got you out of bed. For me it's my work and my cat. Work gives me a focus and purpose. My cat provides a constant companionship that I know at the end of the day has nothing but unconditional love. I need to get out of bed so that I can make money to feed my furbaby. And I will starve before he does. Plus I also refuse to let him eat my dead body so suicide is the one thing I refuse to give in to and constantly fight my depression from reaching that point. So, taking care of him and genuinely loving my job give me that push to not stay in bed all day and contemplate how the world is nothing but a horrible cesspool of agendas, shouting matches, lack of literacy, and how I am a failure by letting it affect me. Even with medication this happens to me, so work and my animal give me that needed push to remind myself that just because the world is a ball of chaos doesn't mean that I have to join it. Thank you for sharing and know that at least this beautiful bastard loves your face too.
Hope you get back to felling better Philip. I know how depression can really affect you. Take care and love ya
❤️
is this kid using Sennheiser HD600s :O
Carter will forever have a place in my heart for "I don't want you". 💕
Phil I didn’t think I woke wake up and cry this morning. This is a lovely video
Omg the boys have gotten huge!!!!
Trey's extended laugh made my day. 😄
I love how carter is just like, nope lol
Whoa.  Back up, why is almost no one talking about the fact that Phil just admitted he was BULIMIC!??! Wow.  My man, that's not good, and glad you sought help for it. Been here since the days of the now-deleted Philip DeDouchebag days. I knew you had a good heart back then, and that's true to this day.  While many will say you asking for "a conversation" has always been about engagement whoring, they weren't there when we all used to talk more. The community is massive now, but I recall when it was just this baby bird fledgling thing where we all sat in the "nest" and got to interact more regularly.  You have helped me feel less crazy about how the world's slid off the edge this year. I hope you keep getting the help you need, and know that there's plenty of people out here who are there to support you.  I miss this conversation too, even if a lot of it is just one way blurting into cyberspace.
Dude we all need to do this, I love yo face too
Hey Phil love everything you do, let's start working out early morning. Even a 10 min vlog on a morning walk with a quick fleet saying morning. I'll do it with you. You have millions that will support you, better than most, but either way "let's get better together"
I'm here with you, Phil. 🖤  If it means anything, Lexapro did help me get to a point where I could function more so than I would have normally.
You made me feel happy today brother,,,,, thank you 🙏 ❤️ Also keep up the great job on working on yourself I was 240 pounds at this time last year, I’m at now 197.8 , it’s hard work but it’s worth it , and I know a smart guy like you will continue to improve in every single way my dude
I'm terrible with words. Especially when it comes to things dealing with emotions and my mental state. I just wanted to let you know that your words did something good to my brain and I've started thinking about what I need to do to feel better and do better. Thanks.
Thank you Phil! And as a side note I miss Lindsey's channel (always loved to hear her and see Trey growing up and now there's Carter too😍) Love YOUR faces! 🥰
Hey!  I take Lexapro too!  For all of my living memory, I've had severe physical symptoms from anxiety.  Increased heart rate, increased fear/paranoia, tense muscles (particularly in my abdomen).  That little pill is a workhorse.  It's been almost 3 years now that I've been on it, with no side effects (age 27 through 30).  Like you said in the video, it doesn't cure anything, it's not a silver bullet.  But for me, it relieves a lot of those physical symptoms, which has been lifechanging.  I hope it works out for you too Phil!
Lexapro really helped me, but it triggered "celebratory eating" in me (feeling better, wanting to celebrate feeling better with favorite foods, which make me feel better, so I celebrate...), so I gained 35 pounds in 3 months 😂. Taking Wellbutrin now, which helps my depression and ADHD but also doesn't give me that same feeling of "everything is so chill let's eat an entire cake!"
Wow! Trey is so big now! It literally seems like yesterday you announced you guys were having him! Also I'm so happy you decided to get yourself checked out and helped. Even if it didn't show on the business side of things, it's still important to keep it relaxed up there. I literally watch you every single day you post something and these types of videos just touched my soul<3 Keep it real man, and thanks for the awesome tie dye sweatshirt :D I wear it all the time
I've been depressed before and this year's  been worse. But it doesn't give me an excuse to stay like this. Nor should anyone else. Rather than bashing each other we need to come together. It would help alot of People Mentally and maybe stop all this violence that's been on the rise daily.
Virtual hugs to all of your family!!
Phil, we have a lot in common. I appreciate the fuck out of you. I love your face.
Why the hell are there 19 dislikes?
This was fantastic.  I'm glad you're sharing.  I hope you and all the crew are doing well in the trying times, and it's awesome to see you reaching out for help when you need it.
Fair play for being so open and honest.
hi, its nice to meet you again phil! hang in there 💪🏽 we’ll make it through!
Besides my wife, youre my favorite person. I value your videos as my best most trustworthy news and updates of current events. I hope you feel better and wish you continued health and success.
This was an amazing video to see also the transitions are something I didn’t expect but was a great addition wish you could pop one of these out at least twice a week even if it’s just random things in the video
Those transitions bro, crazy...probably cause I’m high
29 years. So did y'all meet when you were 6?
God bless your sweet family, and I applaud your efforts to take care of yourself, motivates me even more now to go beyond how I treat myself ❤
Thanks for this. Came at a really good time for me personally. Good underlying take away for me; not to be so hard on myself. You doing what you do with pds helps me feel informed about a lot of things I would otherwise be oblivious to, and I feel it's important for me to know about the world outside of my own perspective. Keep being you. You're awesome!
jfc I remember literal fetus Trey 😭
Love you, Phil. Thanks for being real vulnerable with us. I've been watching you for years and love seeing your personal growth.
Nice to meet you too, and can't wait to meet you again later :)
I love you Phil!  You have been such a big part of my life and I grew up with you. From the early teen days with Megan Fox Watch to the modern times. I have grown  up watching your show for over a decade and I am glad to call you a role model of my life. You keep it real and I respect and love you for that. THANK YOU PHIL!
I’d be really amazed if anyone gets to the end of 2020 without at least one mental health iaaue.
Love you Phil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a nice little video. Thanks for sharing Phillip.
always important to listen to what your body needs and what your mind is saying. Also be that helping hand when a friend shares something like this with you. even if its just to chat.
I loved seeing your boys in this. They're getting so big! God I miss being told to subscribe if I liked it. No matter how depressing the news was that day, it always made me smile. You guys are doing duch a good job with them. I mean it. It's easy to see how much you love them ^_^
I think I forgot Phil even had a second child
Lookin' at you, doing them Casey transitions. LOVE IT!
Nothing but love for you Phil. Take care of yourself and that awesome family!
Thank you for your vulnerability and for sharing. It helps to normalize what so many of us (hi me) struggle with. I hope this is the start to finding some solid ground again so to speak.
Thank you for being you
You're one of the good one's Phil, don't forget that.
Dude that was a great video, honestly just your kid laughing was hilarious enough, but I can understand the vulnerability there. Don't have much going on myself but, damn do I appreciate this video. Been wanting to do my own videos for a while but I have no idea how I want to start off, I just keep seeing good wholesome videos like this just speaking to me and telling me hey maybe this is something I could try.  Hope you and everyone who reads this is doing well, it's crazy as these times are I think we all need a little bit of reality in between all the crazy times where we forget we're human. Cheers to you all.
Hi, Phil.
Oh my god they both have Phil's spiky hair that's adorable
Trey needs to stop growing.  And his sentences are so coherent oh my God
Goodness, Phil. I didn’t need to cry today. Sadly relatable. Mental health work sucks but is worth it
My son is also my motivation to get up and out of bed. If it’s not for him I would not have a lot of the time. And since he is 4 and still needs me I have to. My therapist said you don’t have to a lot of parents don’t. The fact you feel lime you do is a great sign. Thanks for sharing
Thanks for sharing who you are with us Phil. I won't speak for everyone because I think thats unfair and we all have different issues, but for me, it is always good to know there are others with issues similar to my our own. The stigmitization, particularly of men, that it is not ok to seek help or to feel down makes it so hard for people to get help. You're a totally different person now vs 15 years ago when I started (for the better)... but I'm proud to have travelled a journey like this with someone who isn't afraid to tell the hard truth to those willing to listen.
Thank you for sharing this! You're doing great whenever you're working on yourself or your family. You're Winning Life because of stuff like this. Keep going Phil.
I'm very happy to hear that you're deciding to improve yourself. That's often a difficult first step, and I wish you nothing but the best going forward. Thank you for sharing your struggles and your attempts to better yourself. It helps me feel like my efforts to better myself, even if it's only in ways that I can perceive, are more worth it. Love ya face <3.
Please do take care of yourself Phil
I relate to this so much. Having little beings to take care off is a joy but also put you up to more vulnerability and liability to an increasingly violent decaying world. I struggle with this a lot but I won't waver in protecting my kid and the other 10 beings I take care of. Staying or starting therapy is so important, the world is hostile and it's highly likely our parents fuck us up and it's up to us to fix it
I really missed getting to follow along w/ the defranco fam after Lindsay stopped blogging... so thanks for this little snippet :)   Also thanks for talking about mental health... good luck on your journey back to health, Phil!
Thank you and take care.
Dude!! Why did you have to go and make me cry phil!! I wasn’t ready for that from you today.
Love you
Dammit Phil, you're the best.  So glad you're being kinder to yourself :)
I love that you're being honest about this. Take care of yourself, we love you
This was very helpful. I feel like depression is normalized in 2020. I’m not sure the implications of that, but as a society, I think 90% of us feel it.
Thanks bud. It's been a rough one, love yo face!
This is the Phil i've missed. Now I just need to know what today is.
DID YOU SAY 29 YEARS PHILL??
I’m glad that you’re doing these again because it does feel more personal and I’ve honestly missed them, and I’m glad you realized you needed more help and decided to seek it, not a lot of people do that or they do it when they’re kinda too far gone to even think of getting help anymore.
Not me crying over here because of how wholesome that section about your kids was. We are to support you Phil!! You are awesome and we love what you do!
I needed to hear this today. Thank you, Phil.
A proper YouTuber video with transitions and everything!... well done old man.
This was really great and refreshing, we're rooting for you <3 you're doing great and your family is beautiful. :) the boys are SO big now!!
Love you Phil ❤️
The pandemic is literally trauma, the whole chaos is a kind of trauma. You're doing great, by understanding you needed something more. Keep going. Just be careful if they change your med, because that one can have a withdrawal symptom called brain zaps. Keep on your meds, especially if they are helping. You can do this.  *also can Trey tell use to like and subscribe again???
I’m proud of you for getting the medication you need. It really helped me when I first got my lexapro. I hope it helps you the way it helps me, but if this doesn’t work for you don’t be afraid to try other meds. It can sometimes take a while to find the correct medication for yourself.
It's all gonna be sort out some how
Love yo face, too. Glad you uploaded this. It was a bright spot in my day.
This video is just a whole ass mood. I don't have children but I do have kids (it's a goat joke) and honestly that's what keeps me going right now.
How have you and your wife been dating since you were 6 that's impressive. when I was six, I was learning how to tie my shoes
Thank you for this. All of it. We love you!
We’re so proud of you, Phil! Hang in there, I promise it gets better!
Love you Phil , been 10 years with you in my life for at least 20min every day ,  Im so grateful that I found you  Ok thanks bye ❤️
This has like a Mr. Roger's Neighborhood  feel to it, and I love it!
I can completely relate to you Phil! My depression and anxiety through this whole thing and becoming a new mom has been feeling not only like I’m in a dumpster fire of a world but I’m being ran over by a Mack truck every other day. Thank you for being an understanding person and normalizing that talking stuff out can be therapeutic. I too take medication and do not feel it is a fix all but a tool in my tool box that hopefully one day I can take out and not have to have. But your amazing I hope you keep up your awesome couch to 5K up.
Holy shit, phil, you are human. I would say call me, but we've never met, I'm a literal nobody working a grave shift job (isolation from everything except my phone), but I watch your shows daily. I consider you a stable thing in my m-t life. I work customer service so once business is concluded, I will let customers unload their stresses on me. I wouldn't mind at all doing the same for you. Vent to a nameless person whom you may never speak to again. ❤️❤️ You and your wife do a great job with your boys. It's okay to be stressed and feeling like shit, winter break is coming!!! Just hang on a bit longer. We love you.
FIrst off, I see the stash stubble, you gotta let that grow out :P. Second, glad you are listening to yourself and working things out, I think a lot of people are getting to that point as I have as well this year.
Thank you, Phil! ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤🤍🤎
Sending love Phil! I've been struggling a lot, so I haven't been paying attention to the news because it stresses me out more, but I'm excited to see some vlog style content again. It's what made me trust you as a news source when I started watching. You're someone I really admire, and I hope things keep improving for you 💚
Love Ya Face!
TALK ABOUT DR MIKE AND HIS COVID PARTYING
Bro you're making uncomfortable by reminding when your kids are growing up and i'm getting older.
I feel so old seeing Trey that grown up 😭
Good to see you back phil
Excellent video. What kind of camera did you purchase?
You scared the hell out of me.🤣🤣 Glad you are taking the time to get better. You have been my most reliable source of news for the past... honestly I don't know how long. It was definitely Pre-Station days. It was weird at first, I am a couple of years older than you, and that mattered to me a decade ago for some stupid reason.   I digress, the truth is you are by far my favorite content creator, if youtube had a way to track your most watched channels without a doubt you are at the top of my list. I hope that one day you get to expand the way that you have been wanting to for a while now, so you don't have to carry it all on your shoulders, I imagine it's a big load giggity. I don't know if you will see this in the cacophony of comments you'll get. But I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you for continuing this necessary source of information and thank you for showing us in real time how dedication to a passion can in fact lead to success if you are willing to hustle hard. And most importantly thank you for being so open and honest with us. Seeing you go from brash news spewer to the family man you are today has been a joy, and I look forward to seeing you continue to grow.
a defranco vlog. damn. today is a good day.
Sometimes it’s the little things that keep us going and hearing you say that working to make your kid’s 2020 as fun as possible kept you going let’s me know as long as you hang on, some positive does come along.
Thank you Phil, I needed this
Love the vulnerability Phil. Carona/quarantine has put my personal issues with food/my body right in my face in a new way and it's a very difficult thing to navigate right now. I'm sorry you're also struggling but it's nice to know someone that I think has so much together has similar hurdles as me.
Same
I’m sorry your going through this thank you for letting us in. It has helped me realize I’m not alone and I will get through all my struggles.
It’s been a while since I’ve watched one of you videos tbh Phil but seeing you and your family again has hit me really hard. It’s like coming back and seeing my old friends except now you’re a little older and wiser. It has me emotional and I’m not sure why but thank you Phil. Thank you for somehow always being a voice of reason and serenity for me. I do love your face and I’m so happy to see it again
Love you Phil!
I love this and you so much
Thanks for being an open, real, imperfect person. Been with you for 12 years. Will always be in your corner Phil.
Thank you for being here to talk. We hear you and hope you heal how you need to heal.
Hi Phil 🥺
Up until now I thought I was convinced I didn't want another kid, but after seeing your boys together, I think I might give my son a sibling
God bless you and your family DeFranco ❤️
Thanks for this Phil, I feel like a lot of us needed it. I want more of this Philly D (also wanna watch Linz bully you more)
We appreciate you! Glad to know I'm not the only one struggling to find all the answers but at least is trying! Keep up the good work!
We love you, Phil! I commend your courage to be vulnerable and share a piece of your life that many others struggle with too. Best wishes to you and your family this holiday season!
Welp now I'm all teared up. Thank you for this, it's been a hard year and I've struggled pretty hard myself. Your words really resonated with me and validated my feelings. And absolutely, remembering to be kind to ourselves is so important. Thanks again.
It was so chaotic , but it was great seeing someone balance the role of news and personality on your daily show. I give your staff props too for not completely loosing it this year. Always great to see you be more real. Tho the news is great alot of us long time viewers just enjoy seeing how a humble man sees things.
Phil, I’ve watched you for over a decade. Seeing this video today gave me hope.  It’s been a rough road and it’s often easy to forget we all have our own battles. Thank you for sharing.
I love this, Phil. I have noticed throughout the years of watching you that you've always been super critical of yourself - especially your body. You definitely can cut yourself a little slack here and there. Love yo face!
Me struggling 😢 I’m hiding the marks on my arms from my parents and friends, every day I want to die
I love this so fucking much AAAAGGGHHH 💕
Hey brother - I've been on Lexapro since high school, and I'm 32 now. Just listen to your body and relay that information to Linz and your medical people. You'll be fine, you are much stronger than you think. If we can put up with our own brains 24/7 and not end it all, that's saying something.
I am so sorry that TDS has overwhelmed you.  Thanks for sharing. I am glad you have sought help! I wish the best for you and your family!
Trey is getting soo big!
The kiddos are so big! Too cute ❤️
Proud of you for deciding to take care of yourself! It's hard to do.
Love you phil. You've been a creator I try to never miss since 11th grade back in 2012. You are definitely a role model for me and hearing you talk so candidly is really appreciated. You do so much and share so much of your life.
A pill may not fix everything, but it gives you the space and ability to start making those changes
The Vlogity return once more. Welcome back old friend. Welcome back
You have no idea how much this helped me today :') I'm 23 and have been watching you for about 9 years now. You've helped me so much in so many ways I can't even go into right now. Thanks for being you!
💜
"I don't want you" oof that felt like a punch in the gut lol
I'm so proud of you, friend. You're such a badass! You are doing the hard things and I'm so proud of you. I'm so glad you're open to adding meds to your wellness plan. I have bipolar and take meds along side of my regular therapy and it's been working really well. I hope things only go up from here for you ❤
love u phil, we all n the same boat
“I don’t want you” damn son, he’s already spittin fire.
I love that you put this out and I’m so happy that you’re taking care of yourself. You’re not alone, Phil! Sometimes we need to hit some serious lows to see how bad things are. I would love for you to release more of these in the future, but don’t ever feel pressured to. Wishing you and your family the best 💜
Always nice to hear from u, this made me smile ;) it has been a bad year, all the best from Wales
Phil as someone whose suffered though an eating disorder for the last decade of my life- I am so proud of you for opening up about this. It IS hard and being a public figure and man especially it can be even more hard to be honest about having an eating disorder and I am over here in tears over your vulnerability over it with us. Thank you so much.
Thank you for sharing. I relate to what you're saying. This year has sucked and it's definitely taken a toll on me. I had stopped my Prozac but had to restart. I still struggle with depression and anxiety. Eating has become a comfort. It's hard to motivate myself to go out to do anything because of the fear of covid as well as depression... All this to say thank you for sharing. I look forward to everything you post but understand when you need a break too. Much love from a Canadian nurse who's living in South Carolina. ♥️♥️♥️
I love your face & I’m happy to see you and the fam again on a more real level
Love You Phil! I feel like you would love a boxing or punching bag to get into fitness. Especially with the stress of the President news lol
Appreciate you Phil. You're doing good work, and thank you for encouraging all of us going through the same shit. Love yo face too.  Oh, and hope the Lexapro helps. SSRI's can make solid spirit levels in that toolbox we all need.
Would definitely love to see you pop some more of these out.
Sending love your way Phil! We’ve been there too, thank you for sharing your story and wishing you well in recovery!
We love you Dad.
Best of luck my dude glad you are working on self improvement
WE LOVE YA PHIL!!! KEEP IT REAL BUD!!
Love yo face Phil! I’m currently weening off Lexapro. It helped for a time, but I am thankful to be able to now work at getting off it. Hoping all the best for you and your beautiful family. Thank you for being transparent and vulnerable. You are inspiring to so many!
I absolutely adore you. I appreciate you, too. Thank you for sharing. I have struggled with an eating disorder all my life. I'm ok now, but it took me til I was 50 to get proper help. I'm on medication now and have been in therapy and group therapy for quite a while. I'm enough....and too much. Lol And that's ok. Luv yo face!
Reminds me of my son when he was that age. Priceless moments.
I rejected the idea of help for a long time because I thought I had to be strong enough to deal on my own. It's a difficult mindset to get out of but I learned the hard way that putting it off is more likely to result in a crash-and-burn situation rather than it going away. Better to be early than too late.
Love how you filmed this Phil.
Love the Casey Neistat vibe
Therapy is the best drug I've ever taken. Absolutely changed my life. And I could even quit it. I wish you so much love Phil
Awww love your face Phil💗 Glad to see and I have always loved the vlogs, I can relate to alot of what you have going on. Besides being a genius that is the best creator on YouTube or anywhere else n has been even back in your so called "cringy days". I grew up with you take care of yourself mentally n physically n stay healthy to you n the family.
♡
Yep. Let's just get you centered in what matters. I used to work with Blind and low vision folks, and it was a pleasure not to think about my appearance. And if you figure folks generally gain a pound a year as adults, weight gain can be normal. Just take it slow. Bye 😎
the kids are so big i’m melting!!🥺🥺🥺🥺❤️ thank you for always being so open with us even when shit isn’t pretty. i’m wishing you the best in recovery from this.
Postpartum has really hit me hard this year and I reached out for help too. We should all remember, especially this year, to cute ourselves some slack because we matter too.     You have been a positive in my life this year and I hope that your audience has been one for you.  Thank you.
I've been following you since 2009 and I'm so proud of your progress. I am so proud of you and honored that you've spoken about your ED, as many cis men are dismissed in that therapeutic circle. We are here for you, and want you to do whatever you need to get healthy. And from the live chat, it sounds like a lot of us are trying to do the same thing with our own issues. Nation is here for you, man.
I appreciate y'all :)
This was really powerful Phil. I've been watching since the sxephil days and I have to say its been so cool to see how you've grown and transitioned through life and I hope it continues to be a positive transition from here. 💜
Love ya Phil. Really I do. When we were talking about being nice to yourself, I couldn't help but think of my little brother who killed himself... damn March will be 5 years ago. He was an avid watcher and got me hooked on your channel years ago, so thanks. Take time. We'll be here when you get back.
As someone who has watched you for a long time and I myself am struggling with mental health. Hearing that we take the same medicine makes me feel better. We got this Phil. Miss yo face.
Very happy your getting help Phil, wishing you and your family the best through these hard times. Love your face!
First your family is awesome.  Seeing all your happy faces gives me hope.  I know that sounds crazy but it's true.  Seeing next time and stay safe
Love you Phil for speaking up for mental health and being so vulnerable to speak your truth! ❤️ People are struggling more that usual and there is no negative with talking to a professional. Psychology today.com is an amazing resource for all things psych and can even help someone find a provider who can or does not prescribe medication if that is what someone prefers :)
Hope that you continue seeing improvements Phil! I've been trying to get myself started on these kinds of things as well, though without someone to do them with I keep falling out. May we both do good from here on out to get where we want to be!
I love you, Phil. Not just as a fan of a creator, but from human to human; I love you, man.
Loved this! Missed your face! I'm glad you opened up and are also doing the steps and the work towards getting better 😊  looking forward to seeing more of these! Much love from Arizona ❤️❤️
You've got this buddy. I've been dealing with some mental health stuff too this year. Please take time and get healthy. It isn't acknowledged that taking care of mental health takes work. A regular exercise routine has helped me (chloe ting challenges on YouTube are great!) And I like headspace for meditation. Therapy is useful and you have tons of people who care about you -- please know that!
ayyyooo Lexabros
I’ve been feeling the same way lately.. thank you for sharing and making me feel like I’m not alone and I’m not going crazy!
See how big Trey is makes me feel old lol
Crying because I NEEDED this message today.
Love you, News Daddy 💜
Thanks for being human Phil
I love how trey just loves the “I don’t want you”
Love you Phil!! You are so amazing and so strong! ❤️
You may not agree but, it’s my opinion
Love you Phil! Thanks for the chat! ♥️♥️♥️
Love you, Phil.
Yes more philly vlogs
Sorry you are going through this but thank you for letting us in. We love you.
Love you dude!
Could use a trigger warning for ED next time. I’m sorry that you’ve been going through that. Thank you for being so open.
Thanks I love this
This has brought me joy and comfort. Thank you, Phil!!
I was so scared that this was going to be way worse than it was.
Thank you for the years of content, and getting us through Phil!
Fuck Phil. I needed this. I went through the same type of depression this year. It’s hard. But I always tell myself, don’t give up on myself. Even when I want to. Keep going man. You got this. I do too.
Great idea, love your face Phil.
❤️❤️❤️
Love yo face. Thanks Phil.
Phil we love you im sorry to hear you have been having some troubles im glad you are reaching out and getting help
Trey and carter are soooo big omg.
Thank you for sharing this with us Phil. It’s hard enough to admit this sort of stuff to yourself, let alone thousands of strangers. Wishing you the best!
This was a cool style video!!! I like it
Phil!! You are here for us and we are here for you!! Sending you all the love. Thank you always.
We love your face and glad you’re on the road to being better.
Tear. Thanks for the support Phil.
We’re here for you, Phil. Thank you for opening up and being human
Love yo face too, Phil!! Thanks for opening up on this most public of platforms. ❤️
Damn, I’m also 256 lbs. this vid is something that I really needed
Love yo face, and I'll see y'all soon ❤️
Seriously almost cried from the feels at the end....
You’re so real and I love it! Keep doing you Phil!
Yes we love yo face
Hey Phil, we love you and are here for the long haul!
I love your face Phil. I miss your vlog content and your candid take on things
Very very very brave. We need to have more of these conversations. You are an amazing guy you beautiful bastard lol love your face.....take care of yourself and your great family
Thanks for that Phil! Love yo face!
💕
Shit, that helped.
Wow, I deeply missed this. I hope you’re doing ok Phil. ❤️
Love your face Phil.
Aww wholesome video
Thx for sharing Phil
Love ya Face Phil!
Loved it! More of this please!
❤️
Beautiful
R.I.P. PDS
Love yo beautiful face Phil!
I can't believe how much the boys have grown!
Good to see this side of you again. Welcome back
So grateful for this video. You're definitely not alone and I hope you learn to enjoy your body's growth and movement right alongside your mind's. It's been a challenging time to say the least but I think it's bringing these truths to the surface and we'll be better for it.
Missed your face like this. Thanks for caring about us <3
Love you Phil!
Love yo face
Love you Phil! You’re an awesome person!
I love you Phil. Thank you for sharing with us, I'm very thankful for you and proud of your progress
THANK YOU!
My son (I’m a single mom) just turned 18 in August and graduated in June and is about to join the Air Force.... if it wasn’t for him being around, I’d be in a DEEP depression. AND I got FIRED from my job at a credit union in the End of April and still haven’t found a new one...
I’m 8 years into eating disorder recovery myself, so I really appreciate you talking about this. Thank you 💕 Best of luck in recovery~ Love yo face!
Thank u for this Phil! We all need reminders to be human! Ur effing awesome! Throat punch 👊🏾
This year has sucked for those of us suffering from a mental health issues. You're not alone.
Thanks for sharing
Ahh another self help commercial with Phil, it’s understood just, I think not cool
LOVE YOU PHILLY
Word word... sounds like fun
Nothing but love Phil🥰🥰🥰
Lol so many people freaked out
Don't break up with us!
I'm proud of you. Congrats on getting help. I used to have depression as a young man but now in my 40s have it all handled after years of therapy.
I really needed this, on this beautiful morning in this shitty year.
Yes be nicer to yourself
I've been struggling with an ED this year too. I appreciate you being honest about it with us.
Thanks for sharing. I needed this today.
A 💊 does not fix everything, but it can help.  All part of a plan.  Thank you for being vulnerable on this level.
YouTube notification squad here
Thank you. 😊 I was having that kinda morning
Phil please give us "I dont want you" merch
I feel this. My two boys are what get me out of bed in the morning, too! Thank you for talking openly about this, opening up about depression can be difficult!
Carter 😂😂 "I don't want you"
In terms of your weight and essentially comfort eating, I have been the same this year. This year has been a rollercoaster of a ride for me. The fact that I can't really go out either to exercise and not having the room at home to do exercise, it's hard
I needed this. My boys have also gotten me out of bed everyday too. Thank you!
It takes a lot to come out about this. I'm proud of you and thank you for opening up.
This video gives me Casey Neistat vibes, minus the cinematography but with more openness.
Yoo Lexapro gang!
As someone who have been on and off with eating disorders for 14 years, I truly love and respect you for sharing this. Men struggle too and it’s a discussion that needs to be had openly.   You’re an inspiration
Good Morning Bro!!!!
Trey and Carter are so grown up now. Thanks for sharing Phil. I’m glad you’re moving forward and obtaining help
Feel well Phil... Your little family is a great source of support
Lexapro gang ✌🏻
Time for Phil to get an electric longboard and be a daily-vlogger.  In all seriousness, I love any content you make. You inspire people all the time. Keep doing you.
This is so wholesome and I’m so fucking proud of you. Thank you for this
We got you!
What a beautiful video, with a great opening. Your boys are absolutely awesome! I've dealt with some mental health issues for a while, and especially with the depression kicking in more this year. You didn't have to share this, but you did, and I appreciate you more for it. Love ya face Phil, stay safe
Love you so much! Great video!!!
Aww Carter is so grown up wow! N Trey but he was in that video last yr lol
do you guys ever(having no desire to have kids) see videos of kids and say to yourself "omg that is so cute!!"
God, you have been my biggest reason to watch YouTube. I've been watching since very early on, and you are a GOOD HUMAN. I'm so glad you are here, both on earth and a figure in the media.
Phil does a good job at Casey Nistat style
Carter is already 3! I remember when you had him. It didn’t feel that long ago. I feel old
I’m gonna go back to sleep now
❤
Phil has feelings. I love this.
He defeated that dino 8 times. Respect
God I feel like Carter was only a baby still... Where has the time gone!?
“I don’t want you.” BWAHAHAHA God, I love kid honesty.
Finally, a slice of life show I'm intrested in!
You have the best kids and wife. Thank you Philly D for sharing this. You've been a great help this year.
Man trey has grown up so fast, I remember when he was first born and when you proposed to Lindsey at defranco live! I was glad I could experience that
Hi.
Hey Phil. This is adorable.
ok werk Casey Neistat
Sup you beautiful bastard
We do love to see some Phil vlogs.
I don't want you 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Edit: didn't realize how serious this is. We love you Phil.
This is adorable!
"Gifts for husbands who don't like anything". Same sis. Same. Haha.
29 years?!
Vlog vibes right now. Miss these types of videos.
Who is this guy?
The anxiety of the title had me.
i just saw someone say in chat "is he breaking up with us" i hate you all omfg.
Oh hi phil
I love this!!
Hi Phil!!
Morning
This is weirdly well edited already
1. Notification 1500 people respond instantly lol
6th
Hi phil :)
this makes me nervous lmao
Hey, Phil! Hope you're well!!
Good afternoon from midwest
Assuming about dr Mike
You breaking up w us?
Good morning Phil! Thanks for keeping it real.  Loves
Sup phil
who’s here from the text notifications
Ayyyyeeeeeee
Hi guys!
I don't like this title Phil
Thanks for the text since my notifications didn’t show anything on YouTube
Whut the ?
Whatever it is, I'm sure your family will help you pull through 💜
👀
owo morning philly?!
Wonder whats up
People who say first are cring
Brugga
