0:00 Jesus loves you ❤
Thanks for the laughs! Having a storyline actually sounds helpful. Cheers
Couple days ago I was walking my dog, and a guy started taking pictures of me, then tried to be cute with my dog who was like: why are you touching me. And then he suddenly tried to seduce me.
She wants me to show her bedroom.   I think she just likes me as a friend. lol
I didn’t go for a kiss after a wonderful first date and on our second I felt that she is talking to me as friends, I moved onto the next girl, kissed on a good first date and yeah it worked. Just go for it boys!
And what age do we need to be start datin
Can you tell me how to get one in school
First date mistake: trying. Men will be exploited and ridiculed by women anyway.
4:12 Nah wdym “Cheers”? my dates tmrw I need HELP
Hahahahaha you made me laugh so much
In the intro, you gotta love how he's bringing up just your average guy as an example (holding a fish he presumably caught), but then he goes "similarily" followed by "ATTRACTIVE women" - like, what's the point of this? Were the example a hunk of a guy holding the smallest of fish, he would also be thought of as "yep, still hot". There's no comedic irony here.
Be confident, ask questions, keep moral high, and give short and charming answers. Don't be embarrassed. If she were the right one it would have worked. Yes, I'm single. Why do you ask?
I didn’t learn anything here
This is hilarious 🤣
Man! The only dates that I have are when girls ask me for a date.  But I don't know why I'm so freaking nervous!? and I ended up giving a ridiculous excuse to say no.   For some reason I start to think about the problems when you got dates instead of feeling great...
I took a 30 sec pause to laugh😂😂😂
Yeah
mf i got all of this right although i must say i could communicate the fact that im into her a bit harder
Cheers! 🥴🍻😂
The fact that no one is talking about the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar says a lot about how lost people are in dating girls. Guys just read it
Not enough people are talking about how much mindset matters in dating good girls. Book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar breaks it down in a way that actually makes sense and works in real life.
It's not about tricks or being fake. This book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar just teaches you how to present your best self in a way that actually connects with women.
Funny how no one ever mentions Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar, probably because it actually works and doesn't rely on cheesy pickup lines.
I don't usually comment on videos, but after reading Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar, I had to share this. The most important thing is to leave a good first impression, and you can do that with a few tricks, which you probably don't even know about
Can't believe how many small mistakes I was making until I read Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar. It's really all about attitude and how you carry yourself on that first date.
Dating a girl is not a science, you just need to play the first date well and use a few tricks. Read the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar and you will see simple rules that will not leave any girl indifferent. And physical appearance is not important at all, what matters is attitude!
It's amazing how many things we don't realize when it comes to women and dating. Why doesn't anyone talk about the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar? Many successful coaches mention it.
What's really crazy is that after reading the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar, you'll realize what mistakes you've been making with girls, but it's never too late. No girl is unattainable, you just need to make a good impression on the first date.
Dating a girl is not a science, you just need to play the first date well and use a few tricks. Read the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar and you will see simple rules that will not leave any girl indifferent. And physical appearance is not important at all, what matters is attitude!
There's a book called Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar, and it's about how by using some secret techniques you can win over any girl very quickly, it's not only about law of attraction, it's the real thing. Guys just read it asap
The fact that no one is talking about the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar says a lot about how lost people are in dating girls. Guys just read it
What's really crazy is that after reading the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar, you'll realize what mistakes you've been making with girls, but it's never too late. No girl is unattainable, you just need to make a good impression on the first date.
It's amazing how many things we don't realize when it comes to women and dating. Why doesn't anyone talk about the book Femmezia Enigma Unlocked by Mark Salar? Many successful coaches mention it.
If you’re the guy, pay.
Nah. Nope. No. Not most and more. /
“If you’re neither”  ALRIGHT TIME TO GET SOME ADVI-  “Cheers” 😔 I might be cooked
"you have a nice face on your head" is crazy
4:05 true
I'm gonna leave this here:  Causally Explained and hoe_math are the same person.  [Full disclosure: I'm high af rn 😂]
4:00 is a lifesaver for a quiet guy. I always found 21 questions across a stranger too awkward. They usually forget my muteness when we're having fun.
I ahve my first date in a week and a half. I came here for advice but halfway through, I realised I already avoid these things!
I wanna ask her but I’m so scared
this video is not very good... i was looking for tips to be better after being out for 10 years.. but i already blow this mumbo jumbo out the water.. is this really helpful to people? yall really a bunch of benchwarmers huh
Don’t listen to half of this advice.
Well..... cheers.
Cheers mate.
I had too many beers, that was my mistake.
you think I get dates? 🤣
You guys are getting first dates?🤣
"and allow her to absorb your personality by destroying her at bullet chess" 😂
I like that the "have a storyline" graphic has eBay colors.
“It’s not what you say but how you say it” obviously, like are you hot while saying it or are you ugly while saying it. That’s all that matters
Three things that immediately changed how women responded to me: 1) I stopped chasing them. 2) I read books on attracting women on website Atruve. 3) I stopped trying to impress people who weren’t even worth my time.
Three things that immediately changed how women responded to me: 1) I stopped chasing them. 2) I read books on attracting women on website Atruve. 3) I stopped trying to impress people who weren’t even worth my time.
Three things that immediately changed how women responded to me: 1) I stopped chasing them. 2) I read books on attracting women on website Atruve. 3) I stopped trying to impress people who weren’t even worth my time.
Three things that immediately changed how women responded to me: 1) I stopped chasing them. 2) I read books on attracting women on website Atruve. 3) I stopped trying to impress people who weren’t even worth my time.
I found The Shadow Game of Attraction by Atruve and didn’t think much of it at first. But as I read, I realized how much we are never taught about attraction, influence, and power. It reveals why some men make women chase them effortlessly while others go unnoticed. Once you understand it, there’s no going back. Everything just clicks.
4:02 I dominate in bullet chess and most girls love to be dominated
Cheers my dude 🍻
I feel joyously appalled by this video and I cant put my finger on it. So bizzare, but made sense.
okay so now what do i do if im a guy and i want to date another guy
4:18 ExpressVPN is an Israeli company. Boycott those genociders. Free Palestine 🇵🇸
00:00 ExpressVPN is an Israeli company. Boycott those genociders
got my gf using tinder, still ugly as the weather in germany ... maybe life had a glitch or something
You forgot about gaining a bunch of weight and not looking like your profile picture. That's always a fun first date.
Okay, halibut are measured by weight not length.
Man, she made so many mistakes!
I don't know why anybody goes on dates. It's just a way to be stressed out, spend money, and have nothing to show for it except another cringy memory.
Ima be real, I like your stuff. But blaming low likes and matches on dating sites onto bad profiles kind of insults me and pretty much any average guy I know. Espeically when they put a lot of work in and  women have a single pic of the sky and no description. Either you got it, or you dont. Thats how it worked for anyone I know
My female friend told me not long ago that sooo many guys on tinder have pictures with fish on their profile. 😅 I can´t understand it, even if i really loved fishing why put it on your dating profile? 🤔 The joke in this vid proves that Casually Explained knows the facts on the topics he explains. 👍
My favorite part about dates is ExpressVPN
There's a book called Casanova Optimization of Attraction, and it talks from body language and conversaton starters to dark mind tricks and flirting through texts, it's the real deal
why does Every profile say they enjoy Hiking ?? i don't want to take a hike !
Honestly saying that he "Is no expert on dating" for some reason made me trust him.
"COOL men with a lot of money" is VERY true. ask my single ass how I know...
This man funny asf
What if I already have a girlfriend and I want another?
guys wish me luck, 2 hours left before the thing
Not having a career job. I can't even afford to pay for myself and live on my own, let alone being on a trajectory to career success.
"Yeah still pretty hot" That hit hard
I followed this advice and found my wife. Now we're divorced.
I'm sorry, but no one thats not a GM is gonna beat me at chess.
4:16 Wait this is a date?
This is so perfect
I’m so confused. First date, like the day I was born? Or someone else’s? How do I know which one is considered the first? The oldest one?
my room is dark so please change your background to grey or black pls
Who should pay on a date: Answer: BOTH Idk what it is about americans but pay for your own food goddammit
They dont call it the daring GAME for nothing.
Aggressively sexualizing yourself. Depends on what you want in a relationship. Personally, I want someone who actually cares about me as a person.
Having sex on the first date. I've never done it, not interested in doing it.
"Now, I'm no expert on dating which is why you can trust I know what I'm talkin bout" 🤣🤣
I appreciate your efforts! 🙏 Need some advice: 🙏 I have these words 🤨. (behave today finger ski upon boy assault summer exhaust beauty stereo over). What should I do with this? 🤷‍♂️
You're so freaking funny and charming, I'm hooked to your videos ! :D
4:06 gotcha
Lol
Terry Burgs
this might be the funniest crap I've seen
Please tell the sun to back up.  It needs to be Autumn AAAlready lmao.
If your not 21, what I’m gonna do is take her to a fair, and we’re both super excited 🤣 ( I asked her out to prom and she said yes ) just pick something you both like (:
Not a good idea to bring a portable lie detector to that first date.  "What's that? "Never mind; wrap this around your forearm."
As a lesbian I feel personally attacked by both the male and female roasts at the start 💀
Love this humor! I appreciate the casuallity while I understand whatever I need to. Thanks!
damnit, so my 2'11 halibut from my alaska trip wont cut it?
🙏😎
Lads i don’t even know how to fkin communicate with them ladies. I was all nice and upstanding and get like zero pus, gal asked me to show her the city and i told her everything about what we saw, and there’s like a lot of it. Gotten gosted immediately after.   One day i was bored and depressed so i renamed my account (you can’t do that in dating apps, but can in telegram dating bots and since all the apps are basically banned in Russia  - bots are only option) to something completely different. I did everything i could to sound and look like closeted sexual maniac in a way that be obvious enough. And wouldn’t you fkin know… the same exact gal… contacted me… and didn’t fkin recognized me. I was in a relationship with her for like almost a year. By the time we’ve met again i already had a beard and got my hair shortened a little bit. I wasn’t pulling any punches, i was talking about gruesome crimes my father showed me as a kid, i told her once i get an erection over something violent. Bitch basically ended up making me fk her. Till this day she doesn’t know i was different guy.
Next time I will speedrun all this mistake.
I actually went on a date since this vid released!
I don't  dare to watch this because I don't wanna feel attacked personally....
cheers
they peein on dat poop because the poop dont pee
3:14 my neurodivergent ass is terrible at this
Dude, first step is to admit you have a problem. You can fight the alcoholism, I believe in you.
"our date with each other today" made me laugh😂
Alcohol, not too much, is the universal social grease...
It’s not funny how you said if you aren’t charismatic or good looking you should just drink because a lot of us are recovering alcoholics and struggle finding a woman
The f? Slow texting is necessary to make a men a little mystery. Girls wanna know everything but you will tell her just a little bit, and that's a point.
My first date mistake is that i always try to date the daughter instead of the mother 😂🤣(i'm 55)
I just figured out girlfriends, and now all  of my friends have wives...
2:15 Oh she knew it was supposed to be a date but tried to get out and save the interaction
4:42 ANDALUCIA MENTIONED 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥OLÉEEEEEEEEEEEE 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️💚🤍💚QUE COJONES ES UN SERVICIO SANITARIO PÚBLICO CON MEDIOS SUFICIENTES🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I've always wondered what American 20 year olds do for dates.
Bobs Burgers just schooled us
where should i go on a date if im not 21? "church" lmaooo
The storyline thing was actually good advice
Please do casually explained Raw Vegan. It would be hilarious.
Thank you for explaining
Cheers man
Pretty accurate based on my experience
Cheers man
thanks helped alot
Cheers❤
Cheers
This guy is crazy😂😂
Something that is very important to understand about women wanting a guy to pay on the first date or to have money, wealth is an indicator of COMPETENCE. You do not need to be absurdly wealthy to get attractive girls to like you or date you, you need to be sensible and competent with your money. That is, not have a negative bank balance at the end of every damn month. Second, it's tradition for the man to pay because women like a man who is GENEROUS. Post-hoc explanations for this from an evolutionary psychology perspective might be "If I am going to mate with this male and raise children with him, because it is a taxing and difficult task, he needs to be competent and generous." Don't buy into redpill shit or the "dual mating" hypothesis. You will have the best luck if you are not financially inept or stingy. Just be confident, competent, and generous. "Nice guys" are not generous, by the way. There is a difference between desperate people pleasing and confident altruism.
I'm revisiting this now before my first date ever tomorrow (I'm a late bloomer). Wish me luck lads
20 years old and never had a single girlfriend in my life and I’m watching this 💀
How to get a girl: Step one:   and your done.
This sense of humour unrivaled hahah
Cheer mae
"I watch casually explained to watch the girl he draws"
Damn, some ppl really have it lucky. I'm 23 and still wondering if I'll ever experience these things 😢😂
Cheers!
2:34 Ouch… Didn’t need to feel that today.
I’d do anything for a 1 foot wild chinook salmon tbf
I don’t know how to get into friend circles ):
If you roofie yourself and wake up at her place you get bonus points
1:54 Why is nobody speaking about how hard this quote goes???
Is just going for anal on the first date without asking a turnoff? Because the last 3 times I did the girl wouldn't go on a second date...😢
You did a good job on the ad
I've never had a date before I'm only 6'5", athletic, blond haired, blue eyes.... no woman wants me.
3:33 that's realistist story that can happen on México
😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
I talked to the girl i like today and she actually gave me her number 💀 I'm so scared...i don't even know what to do i never expected to get this far
3:55
Bro that was actually good advices  ! Another thing Id add is almost all people who talks about how much rejection and bad dates they've had have a weird conception of "too much". When I ask them how many times were you rejected they usually respond 5 times. And I'm like... guys it took me more than 20 freaking rejections to have a date that was actually not a disaster. And guess what my first 2 serious relationships were also disasters 😂 sometimes thats just how it goes. Bottom line is, you wanna have someone in your life ? There is a good chance your gonna have to persevere.
“Oh god”
Step 1 : Get a girlfriend
Farting on a first date.
I remember one time i had a list of all the topics to talk about but when I went on the date this girl talked the whole time and i sat there and listened for 2 hours  Then got ghosted after lol
is tax evasion a valid topic?
If your neither, cheers! 🍻💥
dateing advice something my dad could not teach me
3:30
Dear men... "hey yeah I like eat food n stuff so you wanna like eat food together sometime" is not how to ask a woman to dinner
Instructions unclear. I went on a first date and talked about VPNs.
Thanks for taking advantage of our frail economy by exploiting our regional prices. When the companies catch up and remove them we're the ones to pay 😊
Ig social circles is my “ This is the way” thing now…😂
Cheers!
3:55 This is genuinely good advice.  Bro, your inflections and humor are killing me. This is your best video yet.
Am disappointed, came here to laugh and I found an actual advices
🍻  cheers
I found better dating advice in the comments of this video than on ACTUAL non-parody videos of the subject.
Winky face means DTF.
Maybe you 2 were just not compatible move on .
ok what i got from this guide: i ve got zero chance
Does anyone else ever feel like Brahms from that one episode of Star Trek?
“Okay, now here’s Wonderwall” the magic worlds
Cheers
“Hit her with your pyramid scheme” 💀
Bottom line: my first date mistake is that most women don't find me attractive, so it doesn't really matter.
Serious Question:  Should I aproach this girl I like by pouring hot melted Chocolate and almonds all over me, or should I Dress like Hello kitty in a biker outfit  with tattoos 🤔
the game stop joke did not age well
wait, wait, why did we flash forward in time?!? Ok, so if I'm on a date I can use the line "you have a really nice face on your head"
Thinking you deserve love is the first mistake
I Cloud gaze with Mia malkova is one of the wholesome things on that platform.
the twitch comment took me out' lol
What if u don’t like talking
Cheers 🍻
holding hands is totally a sign if the date is a success or not. I love how he put that its whether you held hands or not. Nowadays I feel like holding hands is more intimate than sex at this point.
Well you would need to have a Date in the first place
Honestly, the storyline advice isn't half bad. Until you ruphy yourself.
If neither…cheers. Well thanks, I guess.
This guy is the top echelon of funny
That’s the first time I’ve heard somebody suggest fraud in a sponsor spot
I have to remember 'You have a nice a face on your head', how do you write so elegantly?  Who am I kidding, this video's too advanced for me.  Getting a date at all?  What is this, 2018?
Casual first date mistake: Being ugly
I simply don't do mistakes😈(I've never been on a date)
Damn this is actually top notch info
This is like reading a book on how to catch a fish, and then… oh forget it I’m not funny fuck u
The best advice is "I like your face on your head"
His break-the-character chuckle leaves the ASMR core in the dust :D
There is a comment on that pornhub video "You have beautiful eyes 🙂" , but from a user named Himosi. Nevertheless I liked a comment :)
just a hi and a smile, cause the strongests love start with a simple hi
Dont forget all the fake/scam accounts on dating apps
girthmaster69 😂
"if you're not good at talking allow her to observe you're personality while destroying her in bullet chess" he thought of me😢
VPNs are Scam
absolute comedy gold
Cheers 🍻
hiking as a date idea? sounds fun
cheers
Cartel joke did not age well
Why did I only just realize that the female character in all of his videos is just his regular face, mirrored to the other side, and with different hair.
"Girls like COOL men with a lot of money" THIS IS SO TRUE I laughed so hard I closed the browser accidentally. Y'all really need to step your game up.
The concept of getting nervous and roofieing yourself is so much funnier than it deserves to be
You have beautiful eyes ;)
1:38 me: i think im to German to understand this Joke
Cheers ಥ⁠‿⁠ಥ
cheers!
You have nice-looking eyes in your sockets, I mean if see them at midnight with a face like this, I won't get scared at all!! Her: blushes Not lying, I am ready to give a test. Bang lol!!!!
Easiest way to get matches on Tinder, is to mention you’re well endowed in your bio. But only do so if you’re actually apart of the 8+ club…
What is this awesomeness?
Kfc
Coming tô watch this for the first time, I think it's directed more tô him then tô anyone watching this vid
The roofie never fails
Genuinely let a snort out when he said "Pornhub comment section"😭
Hay is there a app for people with no friends and you can just like make a Fran like tinder
i told a cute girl you have beautiful eyes and she asked me on a date it worked thank you for the advice.
I love the fact that Casually Explained is a high res stick figure and all the extras are low res
Wait theres actually some genuinely good advice here
Why have you gone dark 😢
4:01 is me. at least I think I look decent while doing it.
hit her with ur pyramid scheme ahhaha
Looking for genuine advice and watched this - no regrets
At this point, his videos may ahve a percentage of advice but most of it is to have a good laugh lol.
3:48
Me: (after long 10 seconds of awkward silence) so have you heard about "casually explained" YouTube channel? She: Прости, что?
If your neither….cheers 😂
just start to conversation by asking her a question about a deep and questionable subject head to a beach side and talk, rest is up to you
Please continue to make these or tell me where I can find new content from you ... I'd pay to see these!
1:54 I don't see the problem :D
No effort in a bio is usually a red flag for shallowness
Wate it's been a year since he last uploaded I thought it was only a couple weeks ago 😭
Found your vids thru Facebook, decided to sub and bing
I read it as first date milkshakes
This didn't help at all 😭😭
I am just watching it for fun, cause honestly, I’ll never need this advice in my entire life. I haven’t even managed to GET to step 1
Watching this video 14 months later and my GME shares still have paid off... I feel called out big time.
Paying for her on the first date, big mistake!
It's incredibly how completely useless dating apps are for the male gender
WRITE THAT DOWN
“Dates that match your lifestyle” isn’t great advice.  Going on a hike or playing chess are great ways to say “I’d be a good male friend”.   So, stick with drinks at night.
Yes guys! Please set up youre game with your profile pics! No Blurry photos or not smiling or sports or shirtless or in a mirror jesus no.
Psh. I never make any of these mistakes. You know why? Because girls don't wanna date me. Booyah!
You had me at "Pornhub comment" section.
I have written a bio and half of guys do not even read it. Top questions I hate to answer because I have already written about it in bio:   Where are you from? Where do you work? Where do you live?  HOW ARE YOU (when we have not talked before and I have no idea if the person really wants to know or just being polite).
The first mistake in dating. To waste time dating a female; spend that time and money improving your career, or business.
Damn got me with the GameStop one lmaooooo
I have never clicked ‘subscribe’ so fast in my entire life before😂
Fucking amazing
How do you know if your charismatic?
2:40 is so accurate it hurts
When most of the guys see no effort in the bio they just think....................... "yeah still pretty hot" We truly have 0 standards.
Tinder isnt for real dating. its for FWB or casual banging. The girls looking for prince charming on tinder are just annoying and stupid. They need to find another app to date. if this upsets you just know. I dont care. its how it is. guys, please stop being creepy as hell. dress nice, look cool and spread good vibes but keep it slightly sexual too because like i said. its for banging. if they match great, it not, well... keep trying. or move onto another app too.
So if your ugly and not charming I should just get drunk by myself
i want to see him dating Anna Akana
Hahahaha roofie your self 😂😂😂
Hit her with your pyramid scheme 😂💀
Just be yourself. Don't feel nervous. Talk about stuff like interests, career and what you aim for or what not. Just introductions as that is what that usually goes into at first. Then just have fun from there or what ever it may be. Maybe even through interests you two will have something to talk about.   I am no expert. Just sounds like something it usually goes into. The obvious introduction to talk about yourself and introduce. Then it sort of goes anywhere from there.
Gamestop holder now!!!!!!!!!!!
Who needs the dating coaching industry when we have Casually Explained videos to show us the way?
Oh…hiking? Man hiking was the worst first date for me. I am the type of guy to put his head down on a hike, pick a pace and never stop until I’ve made it to the top of the mountain. She was confused, scared, and once we got to the top we exchanged a few words and left to the bottom again.   Then again it’s been an awesome 1 1/2 years so actually, yeah go hiking just don’t be weird because they think you’re kidnapping them ……
Is he ever coming back?
3:40 hit her with your pyramid scheme hahahahahahaha
Followed the steps, still single.
if you're neither...
omg i was looking for ryancreamer i had forgotten his name, so glad i saw it here, im gonna go see what he's been up to now  edit: i shouldn't have opened the hub, damn it, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
At 3:25 we can clearly see the strategy of Andrew Tate. Now the first three steps are optional but the real zinger is the 4th one, you really got to sell her on that one
Wait, we and you were on a date this whole time?
The advice for going on a hike is great if you know the person you are going out with. Otherwise if it's someone from an app I would wait a few dates before suggesting it. As a woman, having someone I've never met in person ask me to go out with them alone in the woods is 😳
DUDE IT WORKED THX.
There is no way I stop telling I am  a furry person on the first date
That storyline thing is actually genius
Too many profiles where the bare minimum was put down. The girls have potential, but there's nothing there.
Jesus Christ is Love ❤️
"Hit her with ur pyramid scheme" 😂😂😂😂😂😂 omg am laughing my ass off
If it’s gotten to the first date- it has taken too long. Women decide in 10 seconds if they are going to “jam belt buckles” (sic) with you or not…
You are hilarious 😂
Personally, I'd be flattered if someone told me that I have a nice face on my head.
1:11 accurate
My last first date was accidental. I asked her to go hiking because we shared a lot of interests, and she didnt have her own bike at the time to go MTBing. We text a lot just before bed one night and she starts sending winky faces at the end, so I'm like oh shit I see where this is going. She definitely thinks this is a date now, when I really just wanted to go hiking. So she messes up her schedule that day and we go for drinks instead. Turned out to be a great date
Coaches don’t play
90% of Hungarian girls have literally just their instagram username written in their bio. 9% Not even that.
I was always curious about this channel. Slightly disappointed to find out it's just a troll
😐or let’s never leave the house
What app does he use ti create these animations?
As an unattractive man, my advice for my fellow brother is.... If you want to date, just ask her out.... Asked 10 women, 4 says ok for first date.... 2 says ok for 2nd and 3rd date... then .... Well just say we are not compatible...   I don't know, I just don't much care lately about getting rejected....   I'm broke, height far below average, even in asian standard, and average or below average face....   Get a date is easy, get a girlfriend if you unattractive might be hard....
I swear google spy on phone Im gonna have my first date tomorrow.... And this pop up on my recommendation....
Karaoke is a sweet first date spot. Especially if you can sing. The ladies love a man that can sing.
Hi!! I don’t understand the meaning of “artificially stag” in the minute 2.24 aprox. Tank u!
Cheers to you too 🍻
Cheers!
2:34 somehow this joke is STILL relevant
Ok dont have roofies in your emergency kit.... just dont...
Cheers
I'm from Argentina, that 10 bucks hurt
You'll find that Church is a bad place to find dates, except when you compare it to all the other places.
Very funny
I’m neither
I am going on my first first date this Monday! I really appreciate the advice. Having things you already want to talk about is really big. Also, I am not good at conversation so we're going to a pottery place since she's artsy. For me it's been really helpful to realize it's just a date. Just be myself, if she doesn't like me or I don't end up liking her, it's not a big deal and we both get to grow from the experience.  Actually, I'm pretty sure she's doesn't like me. She probably just asked me out for free chess lessons. There's no way she's actively interested enough to want me to teach her chess which is only like my favorite hobby for the past several years. That just doesn't make sense. If she tells me she likes me, there's no way that's true it's just to get more free chess lessons. I'll probably have to tell her that I charge for chess lessons. I can't let her get away with this.
first video im seeing, new to your channel but holy shit this is INSTANT SUBSCRIBE bro wtf. Absolutely gold content. great stuff man!
Dude, this is so true in so many levels; it is actually pretty funny 😂.
love the actually good advice mixed in with the garbage 🤣
don't get dumped on ur bday, thats all I can say
Love your kind of humor bro you’re hilarious
„I hob in mei bett gschissen, deaf i bei dir schlofn“ - banger
the first mistake is dating
The best way to get a date is to ask for one. "Will you go on a date with me?". If she says no, go ask someone else. Did you people learn nothing from Are You My Mommy?
4:04 💀
I went on my first date and I still can't believe it! Nothing happened between us, thought: no kisses or holding hands, because I'm socially awkward af. But she texted me saying she wants to keep going out, so... hooray! There might be hope even for the most pathetic and awkward ones between us, boys! (that's me, I'm most pathetic an awkward one)
Most important thing learned is that South Park is on UK Netflix
I don’t brag or even talk about my finances. But she asked about it. I told her I have a fully paid house and four hundred thousand dollars in savings. She felt unsecured after that and it was over. Her logic was like rich guy wouldn’t respect her because she had nothing. I didn’t know what to say. Just felt weird and left.
I’ve never thought about roofieing myself but now it has to be my go to method
First date mistakes: first date is a mistake
¡’m a casual dater.., love adventure,..
LOL I wasn’t expecting to laugh out loud at the gym today 😹 Great video!!!
The amount of first dates where she expects a free meal never seem to end
actually I sold GME at the top LOL but I didn't buy at bottom
50% of tinder dates are wither molders or dudes
Bro it was a Ryan Creamer video too🤣
Where should you go if you're not 21??? - Idk, Europe maybe. If you come here in the UK, just ask the first teen you see and hope you're lucky. :D
why did i watch this i’m never gonna go on a date
I got a first date this Friday …. Damn
the conversation time line plan could probably help some people. I could never run out of things to talk about, but it would be interesting to spend time with someone who actually put that much effort in people-ing, it's sort of endearing.
The real mistake is going on a first date.
,,…and destroy her in Bullet chess“ Me with my 2100 in Bullet: *Evil Villian laughter*
3:53 to 4:15 is honestly extremely good advice
If u aren't charismatic still go to social events and train your social skills
It’s simply a huge mistake for YouTube to push durex ads to people watching this video
Bro ur so incredibly funny :D Will you ever upload again.. :(
Alcohol: The cause and solution to most of life's problems.
As a guy with hands on experience on the field my best advice is the most cliche and general: Be yourself.
Bonus points if you go for drinks before 21 (unless you’re in Europe at that point might as well subtract them if you don’t)
Think about this for a moment: Does a dating app have more incentive to keep you  with a match, or without one?
Do one of these on personality disorders, that would be really interesting haha
like I'll ever have a first date lol
Me watching this knowing I'm never gonna go on a date
cheers bro
I'll never be able to use this advice but thank you.
"If you're neither... well, honestly?  Cheers."
Social circles....why didn't *I* think of that?
The bragging one is on point. Thanks
"Don't be ambiguous as to whether this is a date". I cannot stress how accurate this is.  This happened to me once. I'm a guy, but I was the party that was under the impression that this wasn't a date, just being introduced our mutual friend thought we'd get along.  I will admit I didn't handle the realization well. I basically up and walked. Cost me every friend I have in that state. Sorry for the gal, though, knocked the wind out of her sails so to speak. Never forgave the (former, after this incident) friend for that, and she knew me well enough that she should have known better, because why I don't date came up at least once. -_- (basically I knew if anything happened to the job I had at that point, I'd be on disability. I didn't want to risk kids in the mix. turned out to be a good call...)  most of the friends I had found out and wanted nothing to do with me at that point. all of this could have been avoided if Sara said she was hoping I'd be Mr. Rebound and that nothing had to happen. I still would have said no most likely, but I wouldn't have opted to walk 10 miles home in the GA heat.
Roofie yourself - got it, that’s the kind of thing I was expecting to hear in a long time
My favorite part about these videos is that he intermittently mixes fantastic ideas with roofie-ing yourself and waking up embarassment free
"Hit her with your pyrami scheme".. lmao... wtf... are you the funniest guy on earth :P
*Helpful advice for my fellow "hopelessly romantic" guys I received from a girl I've been speaking to:*  "If you're going into a romantic relationship you need open-minded and confident... being depressed over old relationships is a huge turn off for most."
Oh yes I need this
98% of the time I talk with someone, they send dick pics or want to talk about or want to have sex. The other 2% I go on the date and they expected that the whole date would be a hookup. I'm not saying I'm good looking or anything, I'm the opposite, but I don't understand this. Is this because I'm ugly?
Our date was hot and I wish we'd go on a nother.
Come to the titanfall church brother. I await till the 3rd offspring
How do I get one. Dont speak sir unless you have class or a job
Kind of hard to fuck up these steps if all the girls still practice social distance from me even after the state that I live in got rid of the COVID mandate’s
no date mistakes : we're the 8th of april 2022. That's it.
Cheers!
Wait I thought he was gonna make jokes the entire time but this is actually good information wth
This video made me sad, bcuz I had only shitty experiences on tinder and never moved past the messaging stage Then again I'm also a 6 at best so mby that's the reason
Cheers to you.
I like how he’s casually fat as Cupid
guys i got a hot girlfriend, he knows what he is talking about
It’s funny that for the hub comments he chose Mia Malkova who currently is dating rich cambel who plays mmos all day. Gamers we have hope
“A 3 foot halibut..” Lmao 😂
If I could find a girl that wanted to play bullet chess with me I would propose on the spot
cheers
Wow dude.. I see that your life experience is rather rich.. This made me laugh a lot.. thats exactly how it goes. Nice to see people have usually so much in common without realizing it.
I love the first two seconds with oh, whoa, no way
u have beautiful eyes :)
we have twich 😂😂😂😂😂
I just don't understand how and why you are so hilarious :) Really, quality content
Ok, making her think I'm from the south of Spain has sold me on a VPN, since straight up paranoia wasn't sufficient
3:50 Okay for "educational reasons" how do I actually do this, safely.
C H E E R S
On my first date I made the critical mistake of letting the other person take me to a place that I would hate to be! One of those damned super loud music bar/danceclubs. I ended up leaving early because I was worried I would permanently lose part of my hearing.
hey thanks bab your videos helped so. much and it inspired me to tell you that i LOVE you and im so happy for you and i want to go out on a date with you jameys hah just kisdding boy
BROOOO this actually has some real advice!! Every video I have seen only tells me talk about interesting things, yours is the first to actually categorically say what a person not good at talking should do!! thanks man.
Sup to the guy who See's this at 00:01
Instructions unclear, I should NOT explain why Austria-Hungary was in the right in WW1?
Use express vpn to hide your sick fucking browser history........
"If you're not, hmu"
Way 2 accurate
fuck that, how do i reply to “lmao”?
My dates are often sponsored by ExpressVPN
1:55 she told me hers and then asked what mine were? That's a good sign right?
America 2020 Europe 2021 Asia 2022
Oh no I am NOT live on TWITCH I have youtube
How to have fun
Just Get One
You tell yes and no
I just broke up with my girlfriend.. we don't have anything in common... She is a girl i am a boy.. wtf 😒
You sir, are a jewel to Victoria, Canada, and the whole world!
Change her mood not her mind
Be on time. Don’t be weird unless she is also weird.
do not pack roofies on your date. not even in your emergency pack
Cheers to you to!
I love going into the comments on these vids and seeing every line of the script quoted with lol, lmao, haha you're so quirky and the rest
So yeah usually her
Where he?
Good advise
I’m starting to find all the old YouTubers I was subbed to on all my other accounts. Casually explained is the shit.
M/19 and I have never been on an awkward date       Cuz I have never been on a date...
Your Date is a Friend :))
First date Mistakes :((
Cheers
That storyline advice is genuinely useful.
Casually explained is either a dude whose character was a phase he grew out of and now has a functioning love life or in the trenches with the rest of us
I took my crush on a date for pizza and gave her Belov's full tempermental test from my pedagogical module.  Fast forward 8 years. Now we're married. ❤️
Cheers.
4:15 what if your both attractive and charismatic?
You have beautiful eyes :)
Hmm he seems oddly happier in this video, chuckling and all.. he might have made it right after his first date
Can I just date this guy instead?
Me: I can’t get a gf :( Me: No woman loves me >:( Friend: Just date guys then Me:(gasp) And that’s how I met your father kids
🤣 you have beautiful eyes !
WOW! Halibuts are having 3 feets? WOW!
4:02 I’m a very good chess player you see…
Yeah...Still hot.
Lol
Omg this so accurate
"You have a nice face on your head." I would marry the man who told me this.
$13 for NBA is still a ripoff.
Guys I know u won't believe me but I actually have a girlfriend. She's cute
There is one step closer to hell than not saying explicitly it's a date: telling it not a date. I once went on a 'date' with a guy I really liked and wished to have a date with. He kept saying things like "I would go here by myself anyway, but thanks for the company". I am the one to blame too, because I said something like this too out of embarrassment and shyness, but the moment he said that I lost any interest to him (it was his idea to meet btw). Idk what's the magic trick, after his words I just didn't think he was attractive anymore and was angry at him. We were hanging out several times after that, he paid for everything and was clearly interested in me, but I couldn't ditch this gloomy expression of the first "date", and the whole thing died out
"Big fish in a small pond." 😶
This is your least funny video
what i love is that he speaks as if he’s doing a high school presentation
this is gold
when you get friendzoned.                                            totally haven't experienced it.
Man it was really great nice set up
O
Random video I discovered I went from a grin to a smile to outright laughter :) you may have gotten a follower
I can't breathe
Here after my first date went terrible to see how many of these I did
Finally a video that can teach me what not to do while Im imagining that i have a date!
His goid
first date mistakes: sending her this video before the date
why the hell did this video pop up the day after my first date
If you live in canada why did you say 21 instead of 19
please im a female watching this because i forgot how to talk
Amogos amogus amogis amoges amogas
Happen to me. Went on a "date" alone hanging out outside of work for the first time. Yeah she didn't know nor was she interested..... fml she was perfect
That express VPN transition was smooth
this is the most emotion I've seen and I'm here for it
Damn I should have reviewed this before Friday
OwO No way!
Cheers
Can we get Casually Explained’s Onlyfans link?
thats why i like to spend my time on your videos, you actually have talent on being funny
This worked great, went on a date with a hottie from tinder and ended up with her brother
If many guys complain about not matching on Tinder; Then based on Dove's Nest Principle, some other guys should go on the first date several. So then does it means any guys that go on first date on Tinder; the girl is not his only one that he meet?!
This man has taught me everything I know about dating  What? No I do not have a girlfriend, why do you ask?
“Hit her with your pyramid scheme”
*Cheers* Enjoy the drinks, lads.
hiking as first date?
you have beautiful eyes
"uh, no - hey, idk what you thought this was and i probably didn't communicate this properly but like - im down to experiment dude"  it has almost reached that point in my life, i shit you not..
I just pretend I'm you suck at cooking and bring some browies from a bakery pretending it's my secret recipe 👍🏼
the main problem i have is people expressing themselves as someone theyre not. from paying for everything thinking one date will buy 50 years of love to making stuff they like up to sound more intelligent and then expose their lazy humpty dumpty lumpy... ass which drinks beer and watches football after a year. then they wonder why their partner left them. just go, be and act like yourself and admit and express youre not perfect as nobody is
The thumbnail reminds me of Cupid Me from South Park
Woah no way
i feel like a lot of this stuff doesn’t apply to a 17 year old… lol
how did i miss this one
Please update more often I can avoid suicidal thoughts when I see your vids
PLEASE WE NEED ANOTHER ONE!
Is this Internet historian?
If you're a woman and want to go on a a date you have to have a pulse. If you're a man you have to be rich, tall, good looking, confident, funny and a mind reader.
The rerouting to Argentina to save money really hit me hard... I'm from Argentina and the devaluation of the Peso is real bad. :/
upload more stinky
MV rất hay, i like it 😯😲😒
*"Basically sam o'nella substitute"*
It`s been a long time since the last video
I feel like we’re going to get a casually explained video real soon.
3:39 is sus
I live in Mexico and cocobongo is a nice club, ngl but it’s quite expensive lol
Beuuv what actual advise wtf
Dude for the love of god please PLEASE upload
hit her with your pyramid scheme hdjsjs
lmao I have a 212-0 score with my ex-girlfriend in bullet chess
Love the AMC and GME reference.
guys i think he's dead
The holy Trinity of always having a sponsor Oversimplified Sam o' nella Casually explained
1:50 is so on point that I literally lol'd.   In 2021, holding hands does feel way more emotionally meaningful than having sex.
I need a vpn for enter the vpn site.
The more u get older.. the more u understand that u just have to be urself...
I lost it at "hahah looking forward to it"
It's been 2 months since he posted how did i miss that
I miss you 😭
I even enjoy watching the sponsored part
actual dating tutourial. thanks
This is comedic gold, good job
"whether you held hands" was a complete burn to me
as always that's some amazing advice mixed with dad jokes. Best shorts channel on youtube!!
Ok, but i think "you have a nice face on your head" is  perfectly charming thing to say.
Instructions unclear, started date sharing my sponsor
Ah yes, Reddit is full of people without experience…     That’s why I feel comfortable going there
You play chess? Wow
I AM SO HAPPY ☺️  I have been earning $18000 returns from my $2000 Investment every 13 days.
i miss you
"you have a nice face on your head"  I'm gonna use that one lol
Just date a bro if you can’t get a girl
Feelsbadman.
If you're out of ideas  Casually Explained: Star Signs
Didn’t realize coco bongo was actually that big, went there after some tour guide kept pestering us all week and it was great
Cheers
this guy can cowrite a new Austin  powers humor with the jokes he got
Yo this guy is so fucking funny! Lmao the storyline hit them with pyramid scheme 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Can you do volleyball next? There are so many positions, I'm confused
I feel like getting drinks with a girl is the worst first date ever ,,
your sense of humor is golden
A date in my life is a dried fruit that helps me poop
There's lots of 🧲 guys out there but who aren't 🔥. 6-8 kinda thing. Don't let your confidence wilter just because many ♀️around the same level of you are only  looking for 9s or 10s.  Y'all find someone.  (Using emojis because YouTube loves shadow deleting all my comments)
Shout-out to the guy who honked his horn at 2:04
+Casually Explained  Thanks a million for these gems, so love your sense of humor. SUBscribed! Then again, it could be an educational  lesson. Most likely confused his Kanadie/Ozzie accent as humor and it's actually  best I run a mile unsubscribe find another channel quick before he reads this.
From experience. The best to way to have a good date is by not giving a damn if the date goes bad. Just make sure you treat her well.
I hung out with a guy a week after I met my ex boyfriend (who I just spent the previous week making out with) and I told him about my previous week and that he (this new guy, not my boyfriend) looked like my brother. That was a big mistake. He never texted me again.
cassually explained: "video every 2 weeks" reality: yeah not gonna happen anymore...2 months take it or leave it
HEY @CASUALLY EXPLAINED CAN YOU PLEASE CASUALLY EXPLAIN ONECELER FANDOM??
Pls do one on discord😁
I should call myself lucky with hookup matches, but my texting game is abysmal so nothing comes off it. * *Soul leaves body* * I learned by trial and error that apparently, pretending to be this underworld fuckboi helps with texting lol...  :L
You are truly the best, please make more videos ❣️
Could you make a video about driving
He really gotta change his banner
I followed this video in real time talking to a Tinder match  Turned it into a Tinder date, thanks Jamie😎
I miss when your voice didn't sound like you're trying hard to be alpha.. inb4; thats probably your real voice but thats not the point. I miss the good ol days.
could you make your animations dark mode friendly?
"I'm no expert on dating which is why you can trust I know what I'm talking about"  Dude that's one of the most clever jokes I've ever heard
Well shit, I have AMC opened on another tab keeping track. Looks like we're getting short ladder attacks again today! I bought at the bottom though...
i hope there will be more podcasts on jamie's channel  really love that kind of humor and interesting talk
“You have a nice face on your head”
this was literally posted a day before my first date 😳
🥃 cheers!
Cheers i guess..
Cheers.... :'3
Honestly the best part of his content is the derpy drawings, their masterpieces.
Telling him you're interested in his friend is probably not the best idea or whatever..?
Idk about dating but we should go hit up wharf st for some easy pickings ;)
I discovered your channel two days ago. I just watched all your video and I liked them a lot. Please, more :)
I still can't believe youtube recommended me a GREAT channel and what's crazy is that he has over 1M views on every video, he is also too entertaining.
I put extra effort on my bio then a guy said OH YOU'RE LOOKING FOR MARRIAGE? I think you're taking it too seriously
Guys don't get enough matches, girls get too many. Both sides have problems, they're just different. Except for the commonality of shitty profiles. Yes, it's a turnoff for guys too.
Man, we just got Taco Bell, and went to a Walmart parking lot and then smoked till 2am lmao
I just found out this channel and the first vid is about french language. Very -sexist- interesting I must say
You sound like depressed dream
4:53 vamo messi potencia mundial
1:50 thats golden
Anybody know what a "wangjangler" is?
My as a man : 1:13
I've literally been looking for this channel for months because I forgot the name
I am also down to experiment.
dude in 3:47 you only used like 9 frames for your character to manage a fairly complex action. I mean regardless of your animation qualtity, you know what essential poses are damn.
i'm gonna make the line "you have a nice face on your head" work.
Holy shit, he's such a good instructor. The steps worked like a chram! To think all this time i could have been watching south park with my vpn
AMC to the 🌙
Been awhile, Causally Explained..
Make sure not to pick an activity where if it’s awkward or not compatible you’re stuck together. Hiking not real great for a first date. Fast food, drinks, coffee or picnics are great for first dates.
"hErE FoR a Go0d TiMe NoT a L0ng TiMe!!!!!! I'm NoT lIkE oThEr GiRls!!!!!!"
Squeezing any day now....
You had me at I bought GameStop at the top
For me the best way was to just go on dates, fail completly and adjust myself. You only can improve from failings in your life :)
3:18 Proceeds to not say even 1 word during the date. You can't say anything inappropriate if you don't talk! 😶
Cheers.
Finally someone who advertises a VPN towards the reason we actually use them
real talk: be comfortable with your date before actually going out with them, that way you wont feel bad about being 21 and having been on 0 dates
This is lowkey actually really good advice
so, on my first date ever I wore a timthetaman sweatshirt. safe to say she is no longer friends with my buddy which is how we started dating.
Advices for you after a few dates.  Don't force yourself to like the other person, it feels weird, bad, and uncomfortable if you do so. If you feel disrespected by the person before going on a date, don't go. Don't fool yourself to have a girl in your life if you don't like her or are not attracted to her. Stay in the position of refusing something if you don't like it. = respect for yourself.  Sometimes you can go on a date just to get experiences of dating, no need to go for S3X or love,  it's much better to have one bad date and knowing what went wrong to improve than none.  Have a good day guys.
So…what part of the date do I hit her with my Pyramid Scheme idea? 🤔
Biggest 1st date mistake: you being in it instead of someone more worthy or competent to run that business.
Bullet chees, lmao. Next, make a video on how to convince a woman to play bullet chess with you.
Okey
Everything past 1:17 is fantasy land for the viewers lol
Did we just go on a YouTube date? Wow. Lucky me.
Hey GameStop is gonna squeeze 😡
you have beautiful eyes
First dates are like anything else -- you get better with practice.
But how you get a date if you are scared of rejection?
Oh we were on a date a whole time? I’m sorry I must’ve not communicated this right-
Woah no way he’s back
I'd like some dark mode videos. Invert the colors maybe?
Oh no no, sorry I didn't communicate this properly. This was not a date but we can experiment 🧪🧫 🥼
The people that disliked this,is the ones that have a (very special) neck beard.
Great video as usually lad :)
If you're an attractive guy use Tinder, If you're charismatic get yourself into social circles, and If you're neither CHEERS!!!!
i am the 666th dislike
Pro tip: before she starts running, make sure you blocked all the exits and cleaned your basement
This is actually helping  Travel stories > hobbies > movies and music > hit her with your pyramid scheme
i havent slept in two days and i swear you animated the
Giving you gold here: Casually explain Youtube commenters....
Can't get enough of this guy
I think he should do one about fastfood
When I get nervous I usually end up talking like Bill burr on his phily incident...
Dude thanks
Interesting; when will the video for "Getting a Date Mistakes" come out? 🙊
According to who?
Just grab your emergency kit, roofie yourself, and wake up the next day embarrassment free.....i cried laughing
Thanks for nothing
thing is, work on your self esteem. It all comes down to it. Visit a psychoanalyst if you have to. The sooner the better.
First YouTube sponsor plug that I’ve actually enjoyed 😂
What about a movie theater? That's a good place for a first date.....right?
"Roofie yourself and wakeup the next day" XD I'm Dead. hahahahaha.
This was your best work yet Amaxed
Never actually expected this to have some legitimately good advice
Yeah it's always a great idea to carry roofies with you on a date just in case things don't go well.... wait a second
Q: Fastest way to becoming rich  A: Stay single
Saying you have beautiful eyes under a Mia Malkova video is hilarious 😂
cheers
can I use a VPN to get a better deal on Express VPN
You really remind me of sam o'nella
Guys!! It's easy to get a date, come on!! Here's a list . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I don't know how to get dates either 😭😭
she asks you on a date, everything goes well you keep seeing each other for a while and get together you ask her to marry you, and she accepts you get married, the wedding is great you have a long happy marriage on your deathbed you wonder:   "Was she into me?"  "Can't tell, could be just Canadian."
First mistake for dating is telling the girl that you love them
Just want to say, that "have a storyline" idea sounds like the perfect solution to my lack of communication skills...just write your own script and improvise accordingly
I'm taking notes, little iffy on if any of these will work.
Hey are third world countries watching now?
So... no handcuffs? Is that my mistake?
this mans voice is so attractive ok bye
The first time I saw my now wife of 40 years, I told her about my divorce.   I guess things are different now.
Cheers
How about first dates when dating other people in a open marriage?
You’re honestly a total genius
Honestly, Twitch has gotten weirder than any porn site at this point.
This is why I abhor women! Thanks!
Please restock the mugs man
Cant make a mistake if you never get a date
So this guy still alive.
HEY NOW NOBODY DISRESPECTS MY MEME STOCKS!
Casually explained call of duty
*Raises glass* You're not alone brother.
😂😂😂😂 2:00
4:17 Oh wait no I didn't know this was a date... I hope you didn't get the wrong idea
cheers
3:48 this animations looks great, now we know what you've been up to
I need a video on how to confess    To a dead body
Wow this is actual advice lol. Joining more social circles and having your tinder profile actually be good works well. And it something that a lot of guys aren't aware of. I was expecting 100% comedy but this is cool too
Ah that ending, hahaha your the man! Cheers!
I have seen like a thousand VPN ads, but this one is definitely one of the best, made me actually click on in.
Yeah you need to lie, not being yourself and kidnap your date
This guy is so knowledgable about first dates and just love in general that you would almost think he would be very popular with the ladies...   almost...  anyway 10/10 vid, would bang if videos were bangable
Wait, people on reddit can’t get dates??
is this a reupload or do i just watch his channel on loop to much?
i cope with you until sam comes back
This was a date? Bro I don’t know what you thought this was buuuut I’m down to experiment.
“Her trip to Mexico, clubbing, regrettable experiences, and getting kidnapped by the cartel”... have we gone on a date before?
4:17 I'm sorry if you got the wrong idea but I just came out of a long, painful breakup and I just need some me time rn
How do you know if you're living in a simulation? If there is a new Casually Explained video - you are living in the Matrix, the real guy was kidnapped by the Cartels...
Omg I literally lol'd so many times. Your sense of humor and delivery on the jokes in this is just spot on!! My favorite video so far! Also, the storyboard tip is legitimately useful, thank you.
-Nombra mi país ♥ -Es para hacer valer más sus dólares porque el peso argentino está devaluadísimo xDD
4:04 I can only do blitz.
thanks, it worked, now have gf, just had sex then showed her this video.
My first date was a movie, it was so awkward. 2 amazing years later, fully in trust and love, with so many dates, we broke up. She's off to college and I'm on my gap year. We didn't want to, but God said we must trust. So yeah.
Casually explained, let’s go on a date?
Somebody please help I only discovered this channel less than a week ago and I've already watched every single video
Mr.explained at 3:09 is there a small deformed child drinking a martini or did u just say fuck drawing side characters?
Casually Explained Uploads: Is he into you?
My man is back
The question isn't whether you had sex it's whether you held hands... man that one's too real 🥲
Hiking on a first date HELL NO
cheers
You need to upload more.
the bloodlines gonna end with me bois
"OwO! No way!" - 0:00
Oh, to have Casually Explained whisper sweet sarcastic nothings in my ear. 🤤
and then the great sub hacks afterwards
Causally Explained youre the OG quality content everytime xD
I just got a bf and we haven't been on a first date yet so perfect timing
that one unfilled spot in the hair makes me go crazy
Expressvpn? You mean chengbao ltd lmfao
Why am I watching this
Bruh
The talking one has me
Most of the Indian girls wanna make friends on Tinder.
Good thing I'll never have to worry about making these mistakes. Not because I watched this video, but because I'll never be ok a first date.
most convincing ad at the end, am sold, will try expressvpn
Thx for a video once a year
It’s going go squeeze tho >:(
*h*  *e*  *l*   *l*  *o*
Saying “you have beautiful eyes” will instantly work, but only if you are quoting episode 1 of Over the Garden Wall - these are the rules
The amc/gme got me
The last normal person in the world
🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲
Cheers
He Is it the friend to get everyone else in the friend group a girlfriend but then won’t take his own advice
I recently learned you can't mess it up by sleeping with him on the first date if you sleep with him BEFORE the first date
You should do a casually explained on cryptocurrency 😅
The topics timeline is genuinely good advice. Roofie included.
Bro literally drops a gem every 2 months 🔥🔥😭
I have a friend that's pretty good at chess and almost ever date his been on was because the girl wanted to play chess against him
“Hit her with your pyramid scheme”
Can you please make one about “Breakups”? Yesterday my ex (of 2 years) told me that because we were a long distant relationship (started out physical and then long distant because of her family issues) and she wanted physical affection, she fell for another guy at her work because he gave her physical affection (through hugs) and that messed me up hardcore because she could’ve told me sooner when she was STARTING to get those feelings but nope, so now I feel cheated on when I don’t think I should be and could use advice about moving on because a lot of things reminds me of her like Resident Evil 5 where we started that game together and never finished it or Call Of Duty/Fortnite when we team up and such...
Cheers mate
welcome back from your coma, good sir
Oh no... did you think this was a date??? D: im so sorry so awkward i'll just click the next video no hard feelings eh
Where can I subscribe to your only fans
About time to change the banner to “New video every ~2 months “
"Just wait for the alcohol to give you a personality"©
Cheers! I will drink to that...
If someone likes you, they like you. If they don’t they don’t. So relax, because it doesn’t matter what you’d at or do on a date. Every battle is won before it is fought.
Yo my good man. Saw you're on the island, love the videos and laughed hysterically. If you're interested in hanging out I'd love to meet the maker of this comedic gold
Cheers!
How tf do you make self-deprecating good advice?
Nowadays getting a first date is easy, however it’s very difficult keeping her and trying to go on more dates with her after that.
*Hit her with your pyramid scheme*
At least a halibut
But how do I know if she's into me?
Hey don’t expose my tinder page!
4:10 cheers 🍸
He sounds 100lb fatter than he did a few years back
1:16 lol. Thought you were going to bs for a while but glad you kept it real 😂
Cheers!
Cheers mate!!
What always helps me get a conversation started with anyone be it a date or just someone I never seen before in in a social gathering I always ask what that person does in its life. It's a simple question, it's short and you know more of that person which she will appreciate. Obviously you need to have something going on in your life ( like a new job career or studies or whatever plus its details ), its a plus if you find it objectively interesting. Don't forget to find common points between you and that person, that will create a link. Good hunt lol
If you think this is anywhere near the top you're wrong
Women like men who are passionate about certain things :)
Wait, are you serious? xD
Yeah, tinder, bumble, OR you can find dates in the youtube comment section! I'm a dude, the username and pfp are a reference. if you know, you're awsome.
Any tips for the girls though?
going to the cinema is mistake number 1
4:03  You amuse me, mortal. Tremble before the might of my chess.
I hate "first dates" I'd like to skip to the 32nd date when we're pretty comfortable with each other already.
Didn't know vpns could be used like that
It was my first date. In my autistic head: "Wow it's actually going pretty well, how do I advanced things smoothly and not too obviously? Me: "there is some chemistry between us, seems like urination might not be the sole activity involving excretion of bodily fluids from our genitalia that we are going to participate in tonight." Her: * stares at me for a few seconds, then gets up and leaves without saying a word *  Urination was *not* the sole activity involving excretion of bodily fluids from my genitalia which I have indulged in that night after all guys!
"You've been married for 20 years, you have 3 kids together, a family dog named Butterscotch and you're expecting your first grandchild in 3 months" "Is she into you?"    Well, you can't ever be too sure. Maybe she lost a dare where she had to marry some unattractive guy for 20 years and is planning to hit you with divorce papers on your anniversary after she has sex with your best friend since high-school. I'd say feel it out a bit more and look for some more obvious signs.
My brain: "Say you have beautiful hair and eyes" Me: You have beautiful hairy eyes
Who can relate to 0:20?
Cheers to that!
The line about if they don't put a lot into their bio but are still hot. Perfect
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahahahai feel self conscioushahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I clicked on this because I thought it was the blink-182 song but this is good too
How you feel about Hasan Piker reacting to this?
🤣
RyanCreamer 🤣🤣🤣 caught it😂
I feel like you're  running out of content, here is a hint buddy. Go to google and write down Trump. Thank me later .
“Should you tell her your sexual fetishes on the first date?”  (A few minutes later)  “Our date was sponsored by Nord VPN”  Interesting fetish but I can get used to this
"Cheers"
First mistake, men still paying for dates while females work aswell these days. reeeeeee men have to go with their time. oh and you don't?
Using the 3 month trial of Express VPN to get a 5 month trial 👂👁👄👁 👂
Shit, after he said if you are neither handsome nor charismatic I was waiting for another solution. Sadly it did not come and I am still waiting on how to get a date :(
My dude has grown up
On your first date, just be you, don't act.
Ah yes, 20% of the video as an ad, brilliant.
Also +1 on the expressvpn.  I didn't know about the savings for whatever leage you said but I expressvpn all my devices.
1. Dating = Porking  2. Don't spend more than 40$ on a date. 3. No single mothers. They will try to trap you. 4. You should always eat before you go on a date so when it's time to order you will get a salad. She will not order more than you. If she does, excuse yourself to the bathroom and leave.  5. If she answers her phone during the date it's the guy who is going to sleep that night or the nanny. You should excuse yourself to the bathroom and leave.  6. After that you should go somewhere and consume alcohol (to get rid of the inhibitions).  7. No more than three dates. If she says that she got to know you better for the two of you to have sex, tell her to write you an email with all the question she wants.
Emergency kit. Roofie yourself. OMFG THIS IS AMAZING ! 👏😍 It's my favorite pass time
This vid felt pretty forced
Here because.. 'Timed Beta'
1:15 Yeah still pretty hot LOL
I was expecting comedically terrible advice but it was actually very helpful
This was the best 5 minutes of my week.
First date mistake: going on a date Seriously don’t do it, not worth your time
“You have a nice face on your head.”  Holy sh*t, I’m stealing this.
1:47 The question is whether we go on dates with people we don't know during pandemic?
I feel you man. As a Powershell guy, the first time I tried a simple Get-Date. I mean, it worked, no problem there. It just didn't give me what I wanted. The I've used Get-Help Get-Date and volia - Get-Date -Format 'yyyy-MM-dd' did the trick! I'm happy with my dates now :)
Back again
As a very wise man said, never try anything if there is the slightest chance of faliure
Why go on Dates, when you can *Die Alone*
"The question isn't whether you had sex, it's whether you held hands"...That speaks volumes for something so minute
Firangion ka jaiyxh
I'm sure everyone will understand what I'm going for when they find the roofies in my pocket whilst I am on a date with a girl :D
The storyline LMFAO hit her with your pyramid scheme!
You sounded like you really enjoyed making this video. I loved it.
I'm Argentinian and you just insulted my whole people, but you're right. We can't afford to pay 10 bucks for each platform.
Cheers! 🤘🇺🇸
Honestly solid advice
Put a 3 foot halibut in my profile, doesn’t work either smh
Step 1: Find a person with whom you can communicate. Step 2: Profit
Remember when this guy was doing TA on WSB over a year ago thinking he was God tier day trader 😂
Man I needed a laugh like this😂😂
Your jokes are gold.
every time I hear a slight change in his voice late into the video I get sad 😔
Is rerouting to another country and purchasing something actually legal? Dont platforms like steam ban you for it?
DATME: https://bit.ly/3yhImfD —p—o—r—n——s—e—x————۞ CHOOSE YOUR DREAM GIRL        !💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも ん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした  #今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！ #この日のライブ配信は、  #かならりやばかったですね！  #１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑）  #やっぱり人参最高！  #まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾
you can't fail a first date if you've never been on one
But I can’t get past the first part.....
I know this is jokes but also in case anyone was wondering: ASK QUESTIONS  makes the biggest difference
*me making sure to let the entire ad play so jamie has money he can use to go on more imaginary dates at the bar so he can make more content about it to share with us
that amc jab was uncalled for.
this video was pretty poggers
How did you know to go to Reddit for people who have never been on a date?
“Allow her to absorb your personality by destroying her at bullet chess” Has got to be the best quote ever
It's going to squeeze anytime now
“If you’re neither, like honestly, cheers”  I’ll drink to that
he's back
Express V-FEE-N
Good.
That Mexico trip part 😂
I loved that ending. Cheers to those who classify as neither
It's 2021 the question isn't whether you had sex, it's if you got free, revocable and  enthusiastic consent.
Would highly everyone check out Macabre Storytelling's video on dating.
Thanks for continuing to create.
cat face says use complements like " you look good have you been licking yourself all over?"
This advice is so good everyone is speechless when I match with them. Theyre so stunned that eventually they leave. Woah effective nonetheless
Therapist: Canadian Boffy doesn't exist. Canadian Boffy:
To the mooooooooon!
I really hope your Sam o nella
See you in 2 months guys
Cheers mate!
The hell i just got on my phone and this video was playing
LMMFAOOOOOO
cheers to you too bud 🥂
In my experience women are the most boring people on the planet. Example: So what do you do for fun? I've been taking a martial arts class recently it's been fun. Then she says "watch movies" and goes silent. I go oh really that's cool what kind of movies do you like? "Avatar" like what kind of answer is that, which avatar, do you really want to talk about avatar for more than 5 seconds? Anyway this is why I just fuck dudes instead
The 2 most important things in general with people is to be kind and have confidence because there’s nothing weirder than the kid who’s shy
No cap, express VPN about to save me more money than I'm gonna spend on it.
Brilliant.
top tier video
i cant handle the poeple and 3:10 at the other table
Sophie bio is unrealistic. Most girls I have seen don't even bother to put a bio tbh 👀
lol @ waiting for the squeeze
Tip #1: don't use comic sans
Yeah...hate to break it to you but if you're filthy stinkin rich, you can be the ugliest most socially recluse person in town and you'd still get women if they know you're rich. Tis how it is.
This will get to the million quick
In most countries in Europe the drinking age is 16, but teenagers go to the cinema when they go on a date. Or they meet up with their friends and their beaus too, it’s very casual, not as formal as it is in the US.
Why is this the best dating advice I've seen on the internet
Me, Not Allowed To Date *sees this*: Let's Watch For Future Purposes
As you said before, pregnant women  aren't aero
I must catch a very large fish in order to get a date
Shit, I'm lesbian, this video doesn't concern me lol
Amouranth with horse mask convinced me that ur right
Good tip! I’ll make sure to bring some into real life :)  Edit: ok so turns out roofying yourself does not work as intended ;(
i love this channel
I love it when you remember your channel's password!
Wait hold up, this is not a date, I'm sorry I thought we were just going to hang out
lmaooo im rated 1800 in bullet and can only imagine what would happen if i made my date go up against me. would be fucking hilarious
Oh, was watching this during my date.. *whoops*
I love u
My new favorite virgin
You can't make a mistake, if you never try.
this hit too close to home
I managed to pull a full on Neville Longbottom during the quarantine. I have appeared from this self-imposed exile like a conventionally attractive butterfly from a cocoon.  Now...  How do I grow a personality besides "generally polite, if ambiguously awkward, likely autistic dude with nothing underneath that"?
The only thing i take from this, is that he's in search of a girlfriend     Lucky you🍹
a really easy way to make small talk is the FORD method. use phrases that can be applied to any conversation to get someone to talk like "What's that like? What is the challenge with that? Tell me more?  F - Family (Where are you from? are you an only child? What's that like? Im the oldest) O - Occupation (Do you work or study? Tell me more! I am a loan officer, i like to tell people I sell money) R - Recreation (What do you do for fun? What is the challenge with that? I like watching casually explained on youtube.) D - Dreams (Do you have any big aspirations or goals? Tell me more! One of my aspirations is being able to afford guacamole at chipotle)  things stagnating? Start Over F - ... So your parents are from the area too? Do you visit them often?
I’m a GME veteran  !remind 1 year
Made my day
I learned "Properly convey it's a date" harder way
Listen man a lake trout works just fine.
comment for the algoritm
the roofie yourself idea is perfect !
4:56 Youtube premium is like 1 usd
Jokes apart, this video showed on my feed/ recommended.
SOPHIIIIIEEEE!!!!
Looks like i found my people on reddit!
wowowoow 100.000th like
Damn you. Now my date has chosen to become a nun.
My ear feels like a nuclear apocalypse is going on inside it as I type please help Casually Explained
You have a nice face on you’re head 🤣
Dude I even watched the sponsor section because I was sure there's gonna be a joke in there. Well played.
With a voice like his Casually Explained is no virgin
He's the mayor of Lonely Town, population one Population one Starin' a hole in the ground, starin' at the sun And I'm startin' to feel like he might be real Like he's something I might become But he's the mayor of Lonely Town, population one
Hold on wait, there is good advice in this we just need to dig.
I loved the roofie yourself tip 😂😂😂
It feels like an old video i haven't watched 😳
Arranged marriages FTW. #engaged 💍
I love when he breaks character. Would love to see it more often
Cheers 🥂
Mom I swear I just watch this guy because he's funny I'm not that big of a loser.
You have beautiful eyes :)
Gamestop is boutta squeeze anyday now lol.... peep r/superstonk idk y no one talks about it just bot filled wsb.
no one:   other animator makes a fully animated high-quality video gets 1k subs.  casually explained: did simple animations and low quality gets 3 million subs
All this time I could have prevented my night time cringe sessions with just a pill?
Casually Explained: "A lot of guys think that girls are attracted to men that have a lot of money. this is false" Me: "Oh okay so it doesnt matter if im poo-" Casually Explained: "Girls like cool men...with a lot of money"
Dark mode please
They will still date ugly uncool rich guys as long as you pay and shower them in gifts. Too many girls I know tell me that they don't care about money and then I see them dating someone twice their age who is rich. Hypocrites.
Tomorrow I will have a date, thank you casually explained. My sibling is going to be happy
I love the mix of comedy and actually useful information. The "storyline" idea is really good and not something Ive heard before
I'm using already ExpressVPN while watching this video lol
I actually find getting a first date pretty easy. Here are my steps. 1) Move to a medium or large city and swipe right on everyone. 2) For the few matches you get, message with a compliment of their photo or bio that is not about how attractive they are. 3) Then immediately message a place and time for a first date. If they can't make it, they'll at least be willing to help reschedule to a time they're more available. If you try sparking a conversation, most people see that as a turn-off. And even if you do spark a conversation, you need to end it with a date scheduled or else they'll also lose interest. 4) I haven't gotten this far yet sorry.
First dates are like Russian roulette eventually you get your shot. Just keep trying.
:)
I had a first date where I projectile vomitted a double bacon 5 guys burger and fro-yo over the hood of my car in front of her. We're married now. It's not about the first date, but geting a second.
this is the weakest video you've done so far, not giving me even a single giggle
dates are sweet, I mean literally
Bro holy shit did he just give us like actual good advice?
tbh, the storyline method is just good socialising to begin with, regardless of dates.  It you have an hour of improv 'planned', just as in, what you want to talk about, if you let them interject you can squeeze a whole 8 hours from it.  Went on a long journey bus ride with my friend one time and chatted without pause for 11 hours just jumping from topic to topic and circling back from each tangent and progressing the conversation to new areas. It definitely gets tricky to remember the original point when you're down 3 hours' worth of tangents, but you can do it lmao.
The sarcasm mixed with actual advice.
"holding a foot Chinook Salmon" I have caught 1 (ONE) chinook, and it was about 18 inches, and that is considered fairly small for a king salmon, and this was on lake michigan where salmon are quite a bit smaller than pacific salmon.
I'm ActuallySilver
mans doesnt post unless he is sponsored
If you're an attractive guy, use tinder. If you're charismatic, get yourself into more social circles.  If you're neither... I expected a "use grindr cause you're bound to find someone on there no matter how ugly you look"
"But i am not a raper" - super hot fire or smt
Shit a new video
How many times have I seen "looking for the Jim to my Pam" on dating app profiles... I haven't even watched _The Office._
I love the AMC reference! I am hokding my shares 🦍🦍
Am I good looking? Am I funny? ... ... ... *Cheers*
The 479 dislikes are Hawaiians probably upset you didnt include them in the "IDK, Church?" bit.
cheers
For a second I thought the title said “First Date Milkshakes” because the girl was holding a drink
do you guys get on dating?!
Na this was actually usefull. Will help with my awkwardness
Guess what day is today! It’s 3 days until the 4th of July! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 I can’t believe all the Canadians are celebrating us 3 days early
Dude that was the best advert for a VPN I've ever seen, you can get discounted Netflix???
Well... Cheers.
THE MESSIAH RETURNS!    YOUTUBE HE LIVETH, VIDEOS HE MAKETH
2:40 I do this except I’m not dating I’m just talking to friends and I’m actually pretty lonely and do nothing all day 4:02 omg yes
why aren't your videos good anymore?
"allow her to absorb your personality by destroying her in bullet chess" I see, a man of culture!😂
Jamie post more content!
3:11 your character drawing now officially reached its peak
Argentina netflix will not have tha same móviles in the usa netflix, there are lot missing xd
that stick guy at 3:09 better be a recurring character
That GME and AMC line got me in the feels
4:05 Believe it or not but this is actually incredibly great advice right here.
WHAT IS UR FAVORITE CAR?
I'm not saying "you miss all of the shots you don't take" is not true, I'm saying I've missed all of my shots I did take
Hey Casually Explained could you please casually explain: First Time having intercourse with a girl or something of that sort if possible. PLEEEAAAASE
Duuuuuuuude you actually getting that sponsorship moneeeyy
"I'm down to experiment" bro almost made me laugh out loud at work.
I love casually explained's shameless cash-grabs in the form of 5 minute sponsored videos.
"What's your idea of a perfect date?" "YYYY-MM-DD"
Damn bro haven't seen you post in a minute. Welcome back 🙏🏽👏🏾
I havnt laughed this hard in so long omg 😆
OUR date!! *blush*
Me watching this as though I'll ever actually get a date
The real problem is if she is into you. But how do we tell?
Monke strong together?
What do you mean by date? what is that? can i eat it?
daddy pleawse mekae anotha video soon uwu
I didn’t get most of the jokes. No critique on you my dude, I just don’t go on first dates 💀
What did he say at the end of the cafe scene?
Cheers
"where should i go if i'm not 21"   laughs in european alcoholic at 16
I don't even read bio... It's hot or not, filter or not. Makeup or not. Artificial hair color or not. And often the not-ones are the best.
Cheers 🍻
You have beautiful eyes
The ending is so sad as a person from Argentina :(
i missed you
IRL is best dating app by far.
"Hit her with your pyramid scheme" That's brilliant
Vpns are very useful but why would you want to watch Saturday night Live. It hasn't been funny in like 25 years
I've had a few relationships and I'm now married but I've never been on a first date and I would be too scared to xD
If you ever stop making videos, I'm cancelling the internet.
the oh god lol
Hit her with ur pyramid scheme
How the hell did I get married?
You missed a key point on how to get dates. If we use this purely hypothetical but very scientific chart using the x and y axis. Here on out X we have money and on the Y we have the likely hood of dates. You can see here that the more money you have the higher your chances of getting dates are. After a certain point the how you look factor goes right out the window.
Normal Youtubers: gets sponsor while making video Casually Explained: *makes video when offered sponsor*
2021 Jul 1
Roasted me with that amc/gme meme
Cheers
I wish my date was sponsored by Express VPN.
"...this is false, girls like cool men... with a lot of money"
3.32 That's funny because that happened to me for real. I got kidnap by accident by a cartel in Acapulco, not a nice experience but a really cool story 🤔
Cheers
*I caught a 3-foot long snakehead while bow fishing, look how attractive I am*
The first time ive ever heard him laugh at his own joke
In case you didn't notice, Pornhub account's was named "girthmaster69" Ded 😂😂😂😂😂
HES BACK
brb, catching a blue whale
All in GameStop for a half year now ffs
First mistake; thinking you have any business dating...
Can't wait to watch this again in August
This man posts as much as I see my dad
Just noticed how you made the people in the background at 3:10 a bit blurry in comparison. Love the detail!
0:05 I'm just doing this to say hi to the people trying the timed beta
Why is this so fricking funny yet so educational I cantttt
Now I understand all the mistakes I dont make because I dont go on dates.
Nice vid
You have a 5 year old video called "Absolute Hot" that even your description admits is a waste of time.  I am politely informing you that the low quality of that video is brand-damaging and you would do well to remove it.  Enjoy your day
did you kill sam o'
Lol! That sponsor!!! Lol.
I failed D:  my personality let me down D:
Haha GME and AMC, someone is an ape here
Casually Explained! Have you ever considered Stand-up? Because the one-liners in here were golden
I can remember the time when these were actually funny..
If a guy even tells me he uses twitch he ain't getting a date
But it is gonna squeeeeze XD
the sis of my gf downloads tinder, goes a couple dates and then deletes the app periodically like if that was better than having it installed permanently
The increasingly aggressive details make me slightly worried about Casually Explained’s mental health…
Unironically, the “being vague about the fact that this is a date” hits close to home. Ouch.
Cheers
When a girl asks me what my favorite position is I tell her AMC
Incredible as always
Why does this feel like the most genuine video of his I've seen yet
If a first date doesn't go well, don't worry about it. Maybe the next one will go better. Don't think that any given first date is your last chance for love, because it isn't.  Carrying a conversation is a two-person game. If the conversation is super awkward, it's as much their problem as it is yours.
Comment
My problem is to get a date in the first place. I met with a few girls but only two of them were ok even calling it a date
One whole minute of ad? ):
Thank you mister, I'll finally know what to do on a date
Lmaoo the Gamestop and AMC part was gold. 💀💀
Casually Explained just Casually Roasting the squad 2:25
No lie, 3:25 is legitimately helpful.
You're a genius! Your videos always leave me wanting more. This is one of the funniest channels that I know. Keep it up! :D
My favorite part of your youtube channel is there is more desperation in your voice with every video.
Thank you master for you wisdom
"I'm down to experimentdude" 🤣🤣🤣
You have beautiful eyes :)
Damn the only thing people know my country it's for the Nazis and cheap Netflix
That 3:34 graph is perfect
CHEERS
"if there was" --------->  "if there were" We use were rather than was in the second conditional to further stress the improbable nature of the sentence.
I dont drink tho, and yes im of age.
This is a serious video for serious people
Forgetmenow Energy
Wait, this was a date? I'm sorry, I already have a minecraft gf
YOU'RE ALIVE!
Cheers
wait, it was a date?
Going on a date was the first mistake.
I wonder do casually explain use the dating app on a regularly bases, or just for this video so he uses it for research purpose
“You have a nice face on your head”
Thank god you are not PUA, and that intro lol! No way! Can’t believe this video is sponsored by express vpn lol
Oh man😩
Ok but a place I'd like to have gone anyway is my house and that has connotations
i subbed to this man 2 weeks ago how tf does he have 3.5 mil now??????
i forgot how good this channel is.
I myself am an adult and long time happily married and when i was young and single i never had any problems to get a date and keep one. But my youngest son seems to have problems to talk to people in general. He does not know what to talk to people in general and when i try to give him advice he starts arguing with me. Maybe he will listen to some random guy from youtube, so please make a video for young people what to talk about to other people, like at work or school to make friends and acquaintances. Thanks in advance.
What do you do if you're under 21?     go to canada
Why do I watch videos on things I’ll never do?
cheers
Just tell her the lore of the metroid prime series
Just went to cocobongo in cancun, fucking awesome
Haven't go on any date since 2019, these are the great advise for me lol
cheers
Hah I love watching YouTube channels I used to enjoy three years ago because it shows just how much momentum goes into this. Enjoy your most popular genre not reaching 1 mil
coco bongo is a hit everywhere huh
That gme/amc joke hurt. 🚀To the moon🚀🤣🤣🤣
The roofie trick is honestly genius for any awkward social situation.
Cheers
I totally would destroy you at bullet chess
The animation
cheers *cries*
Casually Explained was here when Sam O'nella wasn't. Remember that!
top 0.73% LOOOOOL no wayyyyy  :joy: :joy:
Here a video idea: "Casually Explained: Skeleton's Sounds"
i love ur channel
Pull a roofie😂
This guy is the boss!!!
make a science video
HOLD!
Okay but the thing about not always defaulting to going for coffee and chatting is actually good advice
Why is this guy trying to make his voice deeper now? 😂
instructions unclear, no more fish in the ocean
You can hear this guy growing up over the years. His voice is almost manly now.
babe wake up, casually explained posted
Oscar for best ending 2021
I should of used this 7 day’s ago
Big brain move: use pickup-lines from Casually Explained on tinder to find a girl with a compatible personality. The chances of it working are low, but never 0. but pretty close to 0, like really close.
There is FAR too much emotion in the first few seconds of the video
Advice for the 85 yo man who took out me 67 yo beaut, quit grabbing my ass u old fool (AH)
This is amazing
i saw among us
What great timing, going to first date in more than a year on Saturday lmao
"There are a lot of questions I found on Reddit for people who've never gone on a date before"  I mean you found the questions on *Reddit*
That tip about the conversation timeline was actually helpful! Not was I was expecting from a comedy video.
I have a date this weekend after 4 years. so thanks for the tips
Good thing I can make these mistakes ;(
"I'm no expert on dating, which is why you can trust I know what I'm talking about" *The Fauci of dating* 😂
1:22 all of Reddit
How many drinks was that?
thanks dad
“you have a nice face on your head”   noice.
Could you please put the volume up of the classic casually explained music? It was so quiet, I really missed it! :)
0:14 Too Real X_X
cheers boys
Cheers it is, then.
On me and my girlfriends first date we went to Costco to try all the free samples
My worst dating mistakes were actually finding dates
AMC and GME have finally made their way to Casually Explained. Now once Oversimplified does a video on them, we will truly make history.
Dude, I'm glad you're still alive at least.
This is the most expressive casually explained has even been
Hold up, this was a date!?
I need an emergency kit. 😂😂
Cheers mate 🍸
Cheers
3:08 What the heck is this low effort trash?
Cover photo “new video every two weeks” Hahahha that’s funny
"Nice hair" "Thanks I grew it myself"
This anticlimatic stuff man 😂
Cheers 🥂
casually exp. blm  casually exp. transgender sport casually exp. corona
Everyone watching this 1. never had a date or 2. completely sucked at it
high quality as usual
I guess it’s time to pay rent lol
Man… you killed it with that cheers
Cheers man
I thought this was about how to prepare the fruit "dates" because yknow the target audience don't go dates bro, they won't need this
I don't date dumb thots with bulletchess elo lower than 1800
Cheers bud
¡Oye!, que grosero eso del secuestro del Cartel en México jajaja (Ey! As a Mexican myself I have to say: that thing about getting kidnapped by the cartel was rude man haha)
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I have a date tmrw soo this video coming out is perfect help
Wait. The. Fuck. Up. So you are saying, I should go do something with an active group? Holy shit
I’m leaving to hang out with a girl in 10 minutes this is my last chance effort and it better work god dammit
1:44 had me pausing, laughing out loud, then checking how many youtube videos you made recently :DDD
Cheers 🥂
Feels weird that there is actually something useful xD
1:37 me a German: idk everywhere
You have beautiful eyes.
So happy to see this in my feed. Everything makes more sense once "Casually Explained".
Well then cheers
He’s back
"new videos every 2 weeks" *last upload 2 months ago* I am excited but sad there aren't more videos :O
roofie yourself LMAOOO
Sorry, i didnt realize this was a date
And if all else fails, just remember you can never get rejected if you never ask.
A bunch of people who actively use reddit never going on a date is the least surprising thing I've ever heard
Mia malkova does in fact have beautiful eyes
Bro I needed this before my first date 6 months ago. It only worked out by pure luck
1:13 I just think..."This is a bot."
One of the funniest videos to date, and that’s saying alot
I don't even want to be in a relationship or go on a date but I guess if i ever do ill watch this
THIS GUY DONT MISS
To avoid running out of topics of discussion, use the FORD method: -Family & Friends -Origin & Occupation  -Recreation  -Dreams  Guaranteed to work! I’ve been on, like, at least four dates… I’m in my mid-20s…  help
cheers
I enjoyed our date :)
You cant make a first date mistake if you never get a first date😎
🍻 cheers 🍻
"thats why we have twitch" GOT'EM!!!!
I didn’t give you permission to use my ph comment
Anyone giggle when you hear him giggle at his own jokes? So darn cute
Bro I can only do classical, bullet is too fast
That's a nice head on your shoulders
Oh, so this was a DATE!?
me watching this video and archiving it so i can find it again in 4 years when i need it
Actual facts: tell her it's a date. I cant tell you how much when I explicitly mention it's a date girls have told me how happy they were I was upfront about it.
Cheers!
I love how Casually Explained can do a VPN ad without selling any bullshit how it "prevents tracking" or would "protect you from hackers".p  More people should follow this lead!
Cheers 🥂
"Our date with each other today has been sponsored by NordVPN" He just had a date with all of us
Destroy her in bullet chess… xD
RIP I'm high charisma but also gay so its impossible to find girls who want to be more than friends
You sound like you had alot of fun making this video LMFOAKDD
this is actually a really relevant video in my life rn
Anyone got a 3foot halibot lying around? Asking for a friend.
You click for the laughs, I click for the advice
yes.
Cheers😔
"So yeah - drinks." Couldn't have said it better.
I'm asking someone out this week so this was perfectly timed lol. She's an introvert so I'm stuck trying to sort out first date ideas. Perhaps tennis?
I love the way you use VPN! respect.
"You have a nice face on your head" 💀
Found the guy who paperhanded...
:(
An allow her to absorb your personality by destroying her in bullet chess; my guy how does he do it.
Nothing like a parasocial 5 min date containing an ad with Casually explained from the comfort of my bed.
What? It's so easy guys. Just club her over the head and drag her into your cave. Always Guarantees she will stay for the whole date and no awkward conversations
This guy can make a fucking VPN ad sponsorship entertaining and funny
Cheers
First dates always suck, but girls tend to understand that guys suck at dates so they just run along with it lmao
But fr a girl told me she liked being choked on our first date  3 months later and she's my girlfriend
Any single ladies in the comment section? I’m looking for someone with a nice face on their head with beautiful eyes.
"where to go if I'm not 21" "I don't know, church?"
*Waits two months for an upload*  *Watches it first fucking day*
First mistake: Calling it a date when it most likely will be a 52 pick up; 52 being the dollar amount of the bill and the guy is the one picking said bill up.
Finally he uploads
If only I'd known about self-rufying in my 20s maybe I wouldn't be so haunted today.
Holy crap, that ad read was great! I didn't know I could save money like that.
I learn a lot
Was that an Arrested Development reference?
We need a face reveal
Everyone in the comment section is pretty damn funny.
he is alive
I never have a date before, never have a girlfriend before or any experience. But, every time someone asked me for a piece of advice (and that person won't know my zero experience).  I give advice and that person the next day got a girlfriend/boyfriend. When i was school or freshman at uni , it just annoy me every time that happen. Now.... it's sort of funny and annoying.
Bro you're trending
One day late, my guy. This would have been useful Monday morning
This man is r/YouTube on YouTube
"even if you bought GME and AMC at the top "😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
1 day ago, hmmmm
Casually explained job interview?
But.. I thought u can never still if she likes u or not, so how can we end up on the first date?!! They were just casual hangouts :/
Destroying your date in bullet chess is the perfect way to get her to like you
I’m praying for some of you
TOO LATE ALREADY
new casually explained video is a worldwide holiday
Cheers mate
AMC/GME line struck me hard
Missed it very much. But worth the wait.
youre so entertaining, i even watch the ad reads
So if you're not charismatic or good looking, don't worry I'm sure you're apart of like 80% of the population. Cheers
This is so freaking funny. Definitely enjoyed watching it
Yes I like Bullet Chess
You should make a video with an improvised script just to show us all how much time u waste per video.
That gamestop and amc joke hurt...
Omg 🤣🤣🤣🤣the twitch thing was too lit
you just gave me the best advice for my life
#1 piece of advice: Be a really cool attractive person with a great sense of humor
And if u make a mistake, you will start going to the gym and getting fucking ripped
We need more of those videos they are gold
Me  finally gets a match Me Completely forgets i have an idle match Girl Unmatches Me What the fuck when did that happen😂
Me watching this to not make the same mistakes on my first date even tho I will probably stay alone forever :🤡
Cheers mates
3:14 Jordan Peterson whine too good
This dude just randomly pops up now and then
Instructions unclear* i roofied myself and woke up in Angola wtf??
Cracked me with the GME/AMC pun
Cheers!
That amc, gme segment tho😬😰
if i beat her in bullet chess she'll fall in love with me? Thanks, ill try that next time
Cheers bro, I'll drink to that.
Cheers
"I'm no expert at dating, and that's why you can trust my word on it"
omg, a video
he's back!
"Our date together today" Oh man.... I dunno what you thought this was
The algorithm knew you’d upload this and recommended your ‘first date’ video to me yesterday
Sooooo just go back to being an alcoholic then?
Just take ‘em to Olive Garden
4:14 :,(
Thanks but idk if we should see each other anymore.
Can’t get rejected if you reject them first.
IF NOTHING WORKS AT ALL, THEN YOU CAN GO FOR THE PYRAMID SCHEME.
I want to flirt yet dating is such a hassle
Wait You guys are getting dates ? :')
Cheers
This guy is so fucking likable i cant
"Now I'm not expert on dating, so you can trust I know what I'm talking about" is such an underrated line I swear
I would have liked this 1 year earlier when I got dumped because of a terrible date
Getting kidnapped by the cartel
_The Return of the King_
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Gonna need another JimJam after this
The king is here
wtf this dude uploaded a video I nearly missed that shit like wtf
3:50 _Emergency kit..._
Cheers
I’m not saying I’m a pick up artist but I’ve only been rejected twice…    …by the same person 😅
Some was actually good advice tho
4:54 belive it or not, it went down to $2,50 today...
Will you stream some SC2? I like your twitch streams
i actually fucked up by not fucking on the first date fml
*slams fist on table* put something up on Jamie’s channel god damnit!
behold:        girthmaster69
just dont be short
3:42 Amogus
Gme line cuts deep. Wen moon?
Just a reminder that this man has made 80 videos over the course of 5 years and has 3.5 million subscribers. also, every single one of his videos has over 1 million views except for this one video at this exact point in time, in one day it has half a million and will soon reach a million. Absolute chad and is more successful on youtube than you will ever be.
OUR SAVIOR RETURNETH
Omg the game stop one is literally me, I’m dead 🤣🤣🤣
We’ve been blessed with a new video…. Let us all feel thankful and honored.
Cheers bro
*applause*
Is this what we’re doing in 2021 🙃 I’m so old
Who's dating anymore?  The juice just isn't worth the squeeze.
amc is going to squeeze, the data is there :)
As a mexican i find this
Thanks man
I’ve only ever dated one person, married him young, just got divorced, have social anxiety, and yeah.  No dates for me unless I’m hammered lol
No! THATS WHY WE HAVE TWITCH!!!   HAHAHHAHAHA!!!
That's y we have twitch HAHAHAHA
The law of averages highly suggests that after this video some men will roofie themselves mid first date.
It's only complicated because we are all ugly.
You have beautiful eyes :)
That ending of us being on a date was beautiful
Damn, your answer to that first question was a perspective I actually never thought about before. I’m impressed  Edit: Also I do 2:40 all the time holy shit
Appreciate this. Cheers.
The return of the king
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
This dude is absolutely hilarious 😆😆!!! This is the first time watching a vid on this channel and mate... You got my sub
We need a casually explained for NFTs please and thank you ❤️
Twitch line was gold
When the first line makes you laugh you know it's a casually explained video
thank you express vpn for getting this guy to make a video
There’s actually some genuine tips in here Truly appreciate it and the comedy 😉
He a silly willy i like
slam dunking percs bill cosby style on the 3rd?
restock ur mug
All right time to plan a date with my wife, I'm nervous any more tips?
Oh wow, no way!! *Gasping wheezing chuckle  Best intro tag line.
Missed you papi
When are we going on date 2? 👨‍❤️‍👨🍸
Cheers!
Oh no!!! Its already done
I took a girl to a pool hall because she’s competitive, still tied for games won. Send help
Noone, absolutely noone: haHAA ur pretty xd haHAA    Casually Explained: DESTROY HER AT BULLET CHESS
"What do you do if you can't drink?" "Go to church" Me: ??? I don't get it *Goes to work* *Driving home, punchline clicks" Me: oh wait he meant communion wine that fucking hilarious imma laugh so hard alone in my car the other drivers are staring
Ah no wonder samOnella hasn’t posted in almost two years he’s been posting to his second channel
I guess Cheers it is.
“Hit her with your pyramid scheme”
I guess... Cheers!
Cheers
ok now casually explain how to summon the ancient one
"If you're attractive go on tinder" This is either wrong....     or I'm not as attractive as I previously thought.
as a 20 year old college kid who YOLO'd everything he has into AMC 2:34 hit too close to home
I think finding out that he actual has a girlfriend would ruin the whole magic of his videos
This came out right after a first date for me, you are correct, I should just get myself a drink. XD
another dose of reliable CE dry humor, absolutely blessed
‘Where should I go if I’m not 21’? - church  😭😂😂
mia malkova.  my man has good taste.
HE IS BACK
Haven't seen you in 2 months :D
No no no no no my secrets to picking up girls! You're telling everyone my secrets to pick up girls!!!!
UpiLoaddab?!
I'd like a video on how to initiate foreplay, main course and what to do next....
Imagine having a date in the first place
He took so long making this video that AMC actually squoze
Finally
wow a new video!!!
I needed this, I scored a date this Saturday and we’re going mini golfing. I’m excited
YOU MADE TRENDING! 🙃🎉
Hey brothers and sisters, I love y'all and it's just been in my heart today to share that Jesus love y'all so much and unconditionally. I don't know how much time we left on this earth before Jesus comes, but I want all of us to be ready when He does. Let's leave these things of this world behind for in scripture it says in Matthew 24:35 that heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear. " Also in 2 corinthians 4:18" So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal." Time is so short. And I always say this" I want all of us to be saved. " Jesus is coming back soon." with tears in my eyes I love you guys. Let's take Jesus and His words seriously in these time were in. I know the road isn't easy because there are so much distractions and temptations in this life. But through prayer and fasting we can overcome them. I'm not trying to force anything on anybody or even force to do something they don't. Everyone has their own choice whether to read or ignore this message. But I'm sending this message to all out of love, because if you were to see your mother about to get hit by a big truck, you would do everything to try and save her because you love her and if you didn't, it show that you don't love her. So I do the same thing for us about the wrath of God that is to come. I don't want anyone I love, know/don't know or even those who hate or dislike me to face such things. Because I know every soul is precious to God and are valuable to Him. Because before we were born He knew us, He knitted us in our mother's womb, He called us to be His children . His love for us is so great and so strong, it's beyond human comprehension, that even the angels in heaven don't understand it. So I want to tell you it's time to get ready, time to prepare ourselves for the Second Coming of Christ, for the trails and tribulations and for the rapture. As you can see, so many people have turned away from God. The world has become so immoral, wicked, disgusting and violent. Killing people without any care or heart. And that shows that the love of God is growing cold in the hearts of people. Please be ready friends, for when the Son of Man comes. Time is running out. Let's not leave this world with regrets. Because I tell you this, my biggest regret is not knowing Jesus Christ earlier. I love you Guys and Jesus loves you too, that's why He didn't think twice about dying on the Cross for us, knowing that we may not even love Him back. Please take what was said today in consideration because ready or not Jesus Christ is coming back believe it or not Jesus is coming back.   How to be saved? To be saved, a man must confess that Jesus is Lord while acknowledging in his heart that Christ must have full rule over his life and that he died on the cross for our sins and was resurrected on the third day🙏🏾. Also one must repent and turn away from thier sin.   Prayer of Salvation in Jesus Christ🙏  Dear Lord Jesus, I know that I am a sinner, and I ask for Your forgiveness. I believe You died for my sins and rose from the dead. I turn from my sins and invite You to come into my heart and life. I want to trust and follow You as my Lord and Savior. Amen  Spreading the Gospel on every content on YouTube 🙏❤️.
My date destroyed me in bullet chess....
Note: board games worked for me and I'm still winning every game :P
How much would you say it's okay to spend on a first date?
thx now i have 8 girlfriends
Happy to get advice again!
he sounds like if dream had disappointing brother
Just because it's mildlly fun to force people to challenge preconceptions and the crisis that comes with doing so. The reason both sexes, but especially females care about money is because it's about extrapolating instinct to survive. A man with money (or anyone) can buy food and resources. It's not the money, it's access to resources. Gold digging is an natural survival instinct. Everyone does it to one degree or another.  Also, according to evolution, the only thing that matters is looking good. People think caring about appearance is shallow, but in reality, it's literally the thing that all creatures want to be respective to their species because it is/was the only way to guess if the mate had good genetic components as bad genes often cause less aesthetically pleasing looks.  It's of course not fool proof, but it is wholly ingrained. Society doesn't make things up, it only hyperbolizes what instincts we already have. Wanting stuff is both status in the tribe and access to resources. Looking attractive means you are likely to find a mate to have kids with since evolutions leaves the burden of selective procreation as a process of trial and error and not on the procreators, meaning people with crappier genes, or all out dangerous ones will still want to pass them on, usually with a mate who has better genes than them determined by looks.  So yes, looks absolutely matter and money matters and it's because they both have to do with survival. Calling someone shallow or not caring about your personality is instinct. It's more important to find a mate to create healthy children on a subconcious level. Then it's important to find a tempered mate (hence why women in particular, since they have to be more picky about their mates) look for bad boys to have kids, but want a mature kind even tempered permenant or semi-permenant mate ro raise kids with.  This also explains the "fix them" trope. The instinct to seek a dominant mate for protection and good genes, but the need to have a mate who can actually raise children to procreation age. Since we're at a cross roads between monogamy and polygamy for evolutionary reasons, many people want their false dominant partner (remember, bad boy/girls, evil guys/gals etc are all just a play on seeking a dominant mate for protection, it comes across as dominance, but might actually just be an asshole of a person. Instincts can not tell.) to be the permenant one becuase it would be harder to have kids, but then leave them for a more calm mate.  Add all the social faux paus, ettiquete and expectaiton and now you see why the dating world is such a damn mess.   For Asexual's and some Demi's this probably doesn't apply as much, but I'm sure some elements still carry because instinct is usually subconcious.  We also have the cognitive ability to determine if our genes are even worth passing on, but most people don't use it and for some the ticking clock is very strong.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I like how you ended our date by hitting us with the vpn ad.
<3
I had a good time on our date but casually explained never hmu for a 2nd on :(
This video is nothing less than a masterpiece
the only date i'd go on is with my body pillows that stand up by theirselves
My co-workers are dating each other. YACK!
When I see this.
more mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooore i want more of your videos
"That's why we have Twitch." freaking gold.
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self🎈
the trick to talking on a date is talking about whats going on around you. If you're at the bar, talk about this bar and how much you love the vibe. If you're looking at the stars or whatever, talk about how much you like the vibe. Its really hard coming up with stuff about yourself, so just don't unless it comes up and then its easy.
Thanks to your advice, I got 5 girlfriends the past 2 days
I'm curious if Casually explained has diamond hands 🦍
I can try and relate but women run away from me
There is no way he can stay consistently this good  by all accounts it doesn’t make sense
That's why I'm failing, I always start with my pyramid scheme. Thanks for the tip!
2:10; yeah I have fucked that up. Also both of them offered to pay and I turned it down because I thought it was a date. I lost $100 and gained an experience.
The express vpn add xD
I have had a 1.5 year old drought. Unless you consider that my ex girlfriend who doesn’t believe she was my girlfriend. Can’t  wait to go back to school; so I can talk to women and try and flirt with them.
Y'all get dates
Females love when I talk about AMC stock
You need to do an episode on how you get a 100 bucks off of your NBA League Pass subscription, lol.... oh, and I think you have beautiful eyes
This nigga a Reddit moment in real life
Cheers I guess ;)
TACOS
Other YouTube channels: "you can stream different videos with a vpn!" Casually explained *marketing correctly*: "you can save money with a vpn."
WHERE WERE YOU 3 DAYS AGO??
Jaime laughing makes his jokes funnier
i LOVE that intro, never has a commercial gone down so smooth, and congralatutions !
Fun fact: the Express VPN add was played at 4:20
When you get embarrassed watching the video because you recognize a name from...somewhere.
honestly this some real advice thoo with some meta humor which you don’t really see when it comes to dating advice
2:26 very true.
Only just found this channel, who is this dry witted Romeo? 💐
Thought that was good? Watch this! It’s super motivational!  I guarantee it’s the greatest thing you’ll ever watch!!  LINK: https://youtu.be/tJGBltfBqsE
What if they mention their ex on the first date?
Not 21? Idk... go to church? 😂
This guy is a fucking genius. Holy mother of god!
He's back!
4:17 I'm sorry dude I think you got the wrong message when I decided to watch your video. We can still be friends tho! Bestie!
But for real, go to coffee place for first date. You can always just go with line "I have to go for reason X" if things dont look good.
This video low-key gave real solid first date advises
HE IS BACK
Cheers
HE SOUNDS SO HAPPY
Let's go!!!!!
😃😃BE BLESSED x 1,000,000!!!🙏🙏🙏😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙏😃😃🙏🙏🙏🙏😃
Fun fact: The United States Navy uses Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
Thx m8 and cheers
This is obviously false because most girls have nothing in their bio at all
YES
Missed you, buddy. 🖤
Why is this so true? Why is this me?
I've gone to the movies for a date before. It was awesome, I didn't have to say a thing all evening.
3:48 ahhh the ol' forget-me-now strats
Instructions unclear: 18 and still without a date, relationship or anything .-.
I wish this one tried to be a bit more relatable to the people who actually have some self-respect and didn't have zero standards for their potential partner. (Like who even swipes right on someone if they have a basic as fuck profile.. How do you think that date is going to go? It's going to be boring as well.)
funniest channel on youtube
Did y’all notice the video ended at 4:20 right before he started with the sponsor lol
Finally new video thank you B)
I just realised that I don’t understand love; why we need it and other things......
There's an okcupid ad on this video 🤣
One of the few youtubers that I upvote before I watch the video. Just seeing the video post triggers a dopamine response. This alone earns the upvote.
This is actually good advice. I wish more people would understand that a place you wouldn't enjoy by yourself, would not be any better on a date.
Cheers!
Lmfaoo the amc is me
So casually explained should start an OnlyFans
"Idk church?" 😂😂😂
Lol, did no one else notice that the pronhub section had Ryan Creamer as the creator?!? That's hilarious and genius!
I only watched this video, cause the white background helped my clean my monitor.
Also, if you are a Trump supporter, keep that to yourself as well.
What I've found helpful is to convince myself I've already failed (which is easy to do if you're liable to be crippled by anxiety), that way all the stakes and the nerves they came with go right out the window :D
Idk i pretty much only talk about chimps for my entire dates  Either she is into it and the rest of the night is amazing, either she isn't and i dodge a bullet
Haha jokes on you , I haven't even gone on a date...
Holy hell the storyline tip was actually good advice
I have one in like 4 days how did you know
Yeah the bullet chess joke got me
Cheers it is, I guess
Have you thought about doing stand up? ┐(´∀｀)┌
You are Mario maker 3 ideas but costumes:  Goomba shroom: this causes you to turn into a goomba, you have smaller jumps but deal damage to enemies and players sideways  Question mark block suit: your jumps are smaller but if you crouch in the ground, you will become a question mark block  Spring suit: you always act like a spring but if you crouch you become a sideways spring   Gold shroom: you are invincible but your jumps and speed are decreased  Super mario bros. Pow: you can bend anything by hitting it, it acts like hitting a brick, your jump is shorter and you cant jump on enemies  Doctor's coat: you can shoot pills that don't ignite but can activate blocks also if you jump on enemies you dont get any bounce  Star rod: you get 4 extra but small jumps, can inhale enemies and blow them out to activate blocks (no air blow)  Morph ball: you can shoot 5  missiles,infinite lemons ,morph into a ball and 5 bombs, the bombs break blocks and the missiles activate them  Poke ball: you can shoot electric bolts to stun enemy stacks, bosses and players also activate blocks  Pikmin: there are 7 pikmin, you can choose which one you get and b to throw pikmin (you can only have one pikmin) Red: deals 1 jump of damage per 5 seconds, acts like a fire ball Blue: deals 1 jump of damage per 10 seconds, acts normally when in water and in water night themes  Yellow: deals 1 jump of damage per 7 seconds, it can carry items and activate blocks Purple: deals 1 jump of damage, it weighs as much as a muncher, it can trigger pows and destroy blocks just by falling on them White: deals 1 jump of damage per 3 seconds, can survive poison water and destroy munchers Winged: gives you a floatier jump for 10 seconds with a recharge of 5  Rock: deals 1 jump of damage and activates blocks like a orange pow  inkling: you can shoot ink balls similarly to links bow that make 3 by 3 ink stains, if you shoot one and it hits the ground it makes a 3 block wide stain but you can activate the inkball earlier by pressing l or r again which affects semisolids and other blocks, if you press down on top of ink you become a squid which makes you clip inside the block you are standing on, you act like you are running in normal ground but like in a cloud in semi solids and other blocks, also water kills you and cleans ink  gnw mario: you can teleport 2 blocks forwards by TAPPING left or right  your jump just teleports you half way up and then up, your fire balls also teleport but one block left and right  pac man: you lock on to enemies and can dash into them in 8 directions and if you run too fast you destroy enemies that touch your mouth  backpack: you cant jump but you can carry items   builder suit: you have 5 bricks that you can place anywhere like in story mode  suspicious knife: you can go into any pipe (warp or not) and exit another one in the same warp, you have a knife stab and you can't be detected by enemies, gizmos or power ups  Luma: You can spin and send star bits (coins) at enemies
THE SALMON 😂😂😂
Your really release this video after I had a date and the girl friend zoned me what a time to be alive
Yo he Sounds so happy in this vid 😁
Destroying her in bullet chess... Mmm good Idea I should try that
Cheers
'depends on the number of videos you made this month... so usually her.' you sent me
Facts we know about James. – his name is James – his hair is dark brown – low-key speaks/knows French – he's a cyclist – he's friends with Sam O'nella, has held him captive or is Sam O'nella himself   Feel free to suggest more facts to add
I'm desperate.
Cheers mate 🥃
Honestly for the first time this is actually quite solid advice LMAO
You have a nice face on your head
“Don't play hard to get, if you're already hard to want.”
holy shit I have a first date TODAY. weird 😂
I feel personally attacked with that GME/AMC bit :(
NOOOO why is the vid so short🥲 I need more advice, IM NOT READY YET
first date mistake: go on a date
At 24, I've never been on a date. I've never even held hands with anyone.  That's it, there's no punchline
Jks on you I've never bin on a date nor do I intend to.
As IF this guy can't get a date please 😩
Lmao that Pyramid Scheme joke xD
99 of 100 tinder discriptions: no ONS and friendship+ !
What's your chess rating?
Ong u are back
Casual is like that one guest that you want to come over
3:08 Thats a nice head you have on your shoulders
I just thought oh, i haven’t see this video.  Only to notice it was released yesterday.
Hold up, CasuallyExplained has _EXPERIENCE????_
Not a single person that watches or has watched casually explained has been on a date. Already lost your virginity? Well guess what, sir, consider it found.
easily least sarcastic most geniune vid he's ever made
You never properly addressed how to get a date. Instructions unclear got stuck in the washing machine
Went on a date with a girl i've been talking to. Everything went perfect, it was a very romantic evening but she said "let's stay friends" at the end of the day.
Cheers
Every time I watch your videos I'm amazed how much I can relate with the various random comments that most people might not get
Am I the only one who wants to know who that twitch streamer wearing the horse mask is?
Umm.. waiter, why is there an Aves feather in my Martini though?  :/
great date thursday, held hands, made out, thought she'd be my gf, got ghosted anyway.  nothing is certain guys. don't worry too much.
Most of my first date mistakes were showing up.
Cheers
Actually, AMC and GME are gonna squeeze anytime now!
The most amazing part of this video is the fact that in between the many great jokes, you actually get great pieces of advice. My favourite examples would have to be 3:25-3:46 and 3:55-4:03
this dude doesn't miss
Me: invites a girl to a restaurant Girl: this isn't a date right Me: *sighs* sure, fine *cancels reservation and goes to a cheaper restaurant instead* now it for sure isn't
As a non attractive geeky woman can I just say I think your sence of humour shown through this you tube channel is good enough to date 👍
Congrats bro, you got a sponsorship
HES BACK YEAAAHH
See y'all in 5 months
As a man who's gone on 3 dates that resulted in a happy 3 year relationship, I can say that this is actually the best advice I've ever heard from this channel.
cheers bro
This video is too short! 🥺
I am slightly disappointed that this isn't about First Date Milkshakes
The GME AMC reference - apestogetherdate
cheers
Hit her with your pyramid scheme haha
BEWARE Dont ask her if shes a serial killer on a first date: that's how I met my girlfriend
Don't sweat it.
>First dating mistakes  Learn your demographic man. We don’t go on dates.
Wait a minute.... I'm 28 years old and never went on a date. I thought people go on dates only in the movies... it happens in real life too???? what the hell
The gme and amc line hit right in the throat
If you are between 18-21 years old, come to France, the majority is 18 so you can get drunk and by alcohol
This video was amazing. I alkways adored your dry humor while sounding like a totally serious person, but honestly, this video, you sometimes cracked a lauigh or two and that was even better. Keep it up!
Have a bit of a CE fanclub meeting over at the pornhub video
He's back!
YSAC be pumping out weekly vids and then there's this guy who does one every month, if we're lucky
If you're neither... Cheers lol
"Hit her with your Pyramid Scheme" Nice
Now I've seen your background characters before...what's going on here: 3:04         No seriously, I spent a minute wodnering wtf and tuned you out. Had to rewind...
OH MY GOD YOU"RE BACK ... I'm so glad. Hi.
Sam o'nella might be dead. But you aren't.
Uh, this is a bit awkward Casually, but I see you more like a content creator, hope we can still never meet
I had zero confidence in this type of thing until I got into a stable relationship. After a decade in a relationship I figured I couldn't be all that bad. No one would pay for her THAT long.
First Date Mistakes : No. 1 Having a first date. Romance is temporary, Hentai is eternal.
You sound more confident or something dude. STOP IT!  (jk it's superb to see a new video from you again)
3:15 that's a nice head you've in your shoulders
I just came ...     from the "Casually Explained: How to Have a Normal Conversation" Video
Got confused. Went home single and she used your ExpressVPN code
Pyramid scheme you mean the one I hit him with today lmfaooo
Lol I was just thinking about this lmfao. I can't go on dates. I have to know them first before I get attracted to them.
cheers mate
can i use express vpn to get a better deal on express vpn ?
you forgot about the movies, one of the most stereotypical places to go for a first date
routing your internet through a different country to get things cheaper often isn't sustainable. For us it is cheaper in their currency, but for the people who live there it is more expensive for them in their currency than it is for us in our currency. They usually earn less, so the cost of netflix is a bigger percentage of their monthly income. In Pakistan the cost of a basic subscription is $5.96 and the average monthly income is $121.70. So Netflix would cost on average 4.90% of someone's income. In Argentina it costs 0.31% of the average income. In the USA a standard subscription costs 0.21%. So in Argentina a subscription is more expensive than it is in the USA, even though for Americans it would be cheaper if they pretend to be from Argentina.  If enough people use a VPN then they will increase the price in Argentina and nobody will have a cheap subscription anymore and the people in Argentina will have a super expensive subscription. Using a VPN for those purposes really is a privilege of the rich that make the rich richer and the poor poorer.   I have a VPN subscription myself. So I can access blocked content and to stay private. But I'm not going to abuse it like that. If a technology gets abused it will also lead to more regulations which we do not want on VPNs...
I love you _so fucking much._ Thank you for the joy you bring me.
Yo was worried, no upload in a while
him cracking up from his own joke make the joke much funnier
he returns
Cheers
im an attractive guy, i used tinder, i got all the matches but they still wouldnt write me back... halp
y u no stream sc anymore
4:17 I'm sorry was that what you thought this was?
minecraft express vpn and zoom. The best desktop
Brilliant..cracked me up something fierce
Cheers mate 🥂
The return of the king
20% of this video was an ad
I like that AMC/GME squeeze
Didn't think to upload this a week ago? smh took her to two parks then she said she didnt like me anymore.
nice pillars of creation brah........
Sounds pretty black pill bruh~
i hav my first date later today, seems like a sign this video was uploaded today
M8 it’s 40° and you’re talking about relationships
Cool vid
I have a date this friday thank you Casually Explained
any gaming moments? fly me to the moon, let me play among us
I love to hit my dates with my pyramid scheme too
Twitch line was gold
wtf he posted???
ur not dead?
i like your eyes
Casually explained forgot the other important rule of dating. Acceptance.. that you won't get a date right away.
4:11 you can just open reddit and you won't feel as bad.
"Get into social circles" Lockdown: No, you stay home. For a year. Or two.
“But this way she thinks I’m from the south of Spain.” HAHAHA
Cheers!
Cheers.
What if I told her I watch Casually Explained?
should I show here my top 20 genshin impact 5star filed acounts tho?
uh thix I guess
Jokes on you, assuming us viewers to even have a chance to go on a first date in the first place.
I just realized the username in the end of video ad🤣
my friend: ok buddy, this is your chance to get her, go and say something me: hello, you have a nice face on your head
I've been together with my boyfriend since highschool so I just hope I'll never have to do the dating thing
Why do we have twitch....LMFAOOOO
I was going on my first date but you dropped this video.. Now I gotta cancel my date smh
When the world needed him most, he disappeared
A blessing from the Lord himself!
Cheers!
3:04 sooo... no one is gonna talk about the 🔥hottie🔥 in the next booth? 😍
What the fuck I have the same eagle nebula wallpaper!
Imagine being straight 😭😭😭
Cheers!
"i'm back..."  - casually explained, 2021 -
Cheers!
Again you really can’t tell
i love these so much
FINALLY!!!!
3:39 ¿Quierres ser amigo del cartel?
I feel like you could click with exurb1a
Saw the gamestop stoink and was like wasn't this made 9 years ago mans ahead of his time. Checks date published, 9 hours. Excitement a new video!?!?!
This is just a bullet list for yourself
You’ve been sounding extra happy recently I hope I’m right
Love this man, he is perfect
My first date ever was to a cabin in the woods, roasted some sosag and marshmallows it was pretty good
bileve it or not most korean american look for their dates from church
Liked before even watching 😭
Finally Lemmino uploaded.
You have beautiful eyes!
Haha cheers indeed
the bullet chess part hits hard man damn
*Cheers* time to go cry in the shower like always.
I didn't know we were on a date. Sorry I like you more as a friend.
Lmfao
Mia Malkova does have beautiful eyes.
Nice
I missed casually explained last video and felt like twitch e-girls weren't a thing last time I watched the last video from this guy. All the best to you pal, hope all's good.
What if ur not charismatic, not hot, and am one of those Mormon cultists and don't drink
Looks like his rent is due :D
The professional gives us his tips
Thank you for helping me out once again.
I see, gme amc to the moon CE
4:03 as a chess player with a bullet rating or 2816 I completely agree with this statement.
This is unironically more helpful than most of "dating expert" videos you find on this site
Well at least you’ve got the charisma even if it turns out you’re not a looker. Damn I really wanna know what this guy looks like now
He sounds like internet historian if you put it on speed 0,25x
I began the video for actual helpful info, but this shit was funny AF, subscribed
Return of the king
You have a nice face on the head lol
He's back everyone.
The dating market is so broken. our leader had to talk about it
He’s back!!
but how do i know if shes into me in the firse place ;)
WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN?  Just kidding I know times are hard and we all are struggling but the video is great and I'm saying that before even watching it.
so weird you having an adult voice all of a sudden
Our date was sponsored by ExpressVPN I cant xD
enough if casually explained, I'm ready for competitively explained
Haven’t made a single dating mistake 😎
Niiice
You have beautiful eyes :)
This is right in time
What was that part about the espresso vip? I stopped listening then.
If you're neither just try harder. Send messages to more people. Join more apps. Spend more time on your messages/openers.
And if you like a prtner who plays video games sign up for grindr
Maxim Divertito
Casually explained is so good that I don't even skip the ad
Cheers mate
I feel personally attacked by this whole video
Opened YouTube  Made my day  Thanks
this Ms paint guy has come //////////XD
Never been on a date, I just say i have weed at my house.
The first joke is so underrated lol, you can trust him because he isn't an online guru
your honor my client tried to drug himself
he used to be so funny, remember?
plz post another 😔
actually, the most convincing lines we have nowadays are:  "go on a date with me or you'll have a date with death
Hit her with your pyramid scheme is my go to move 😂
finally
*"Your step parents to go on a cruise?"* Lol the step bro meme  Yep can't make a date failed if you never date or you go straight to marriage with your step sis xD
He uploaded this is a one in a million occurence
3:09 the quality of the npc is getting better. Look at this dudeeee
Yes! He's not dead!
OMG HES HERE
Pay the bills, but if she doesn't insist to split. No second date. Get out
How did you manage to rip into me and still be genuinely helpful wtf
HE IS BACK
I watched too many old videos i forgot you grew up ....
The monotone voice with the little bit of laughter here and there, absolutely perfect, keep it up!!!
Did you get a new mic?
oMG JuSt BE YoUrSeLf ShEEEEEEEEsH
ah yes. my favorite quarter annual youtuber
this upload does bring a smile to my face
Amc joke hit too close 🥲
This is the first time I've heard him laugh like this... He is happier i think
He's back yay!
Can i express vpn to somewhere that isn't fourty five fucking degrees
Please make a video on Wallstreet Bets. Please.
Thanks for the tips, chief. See you in December.
This is perfect, my first date is this week
See you next summer!
wait... this was a date?
I like it when he laughs, it shows that he's having fun making these videos!
I freaking already died at the “OH NO, NO WAY” in the beginning
This one is yet again golden. Our dating hero
man..... I needed this today, thank you.
netflix's price is gonna skyrocket here in Argentina because of shady VPNs like express VPN and nordVPN, both brands can go fuck themselves
date was easier when i met my wife 15 years ago.  on our first date i took her to the theater to watch saw 4, with the autopsy opening scene 😂 she liked it so i knew i she was a keeper 🤷🏼‍♂️
i wish u uploaded this like 3 weeks ago
Need more
Crazy!! I just had my first date with this girl 2 days aho
Return of the King
You have beautiful eyes ;-)
Thank you for another great video, Casually Explained.
Jamie we all know you have never dated anyone before!
3:50 I tried that once and woke up in her house. the second time I tried that, I woke up in a hotel tub missing a kidney. on the bright side, she is a very good medic. (I'm still very optimistic about the third time)
DAMN I MISSED THIS GUY
1:55 The most truthful part of the whole video.
Alternative title should be-  Casually Explained: Tokyo Ghoul
F*€k I love this channel haha
Something to consider: Women talk face to face. Men talk side by side.
Wish you had made this video sooner. :P
For men: "The richer you are, the uglier you can afford to be."
I can’t stop laughing at the size difference in characters at 3:07 😂
The man. The myth. The legend. The one who uploads videos when sponsored
Ooohhhh video already aged poorly. OF just announced they're cutting out Prøn. So it's no longer viable in any way.
Cheers 🥂
?? Guess I’ll die
i'd rank casually explained the highest quality low quality youtube channel
*Epic*
Wait, this was a date?
Where tf u go
He’s back
Make a podcast will you, I'll just watch, and many others will, we love your voice, I know making videos takes time but podcast please.
Why is it when he said "if your none of them cheers" resonate with me so well 🌚
Congrats on graduating!
I don't see spilling her lemonade on this list. It's incomplete.
Guy, we trust you
Your first mistake of dating is getting a date
Wierd.. I’m subscribed and have notifications on but just saw this on my feed and it was posted 6 HOURS AGO. Wtf
Then again, don't forget even to this day: if you're wondering if is she's into you.. can't tell.
He is back people,  HE IS BACK!!!!!!
The Amouranth Part got me XD
10 like and I'll say *"You have nice face on your head"* on my next date !
the storyline idea was actually helpful. I think you fucked up
You told me that you are gonna give me a shout out I am from discord u remember
there is a famous saying that says "coaches don't play"..is that true for you?
*comedic breath in*
Aaaand demonitized
When we needed him the most, he came back
Thanks
he posts so rarely that this video was considered a "date". Probably because we won't get another one.
21 y/o here, not specially good looking. Have got several dates on Tinder. It sucks, people sucks. Tinder dates will drain your mental health and money, delete Tinder asap. I won't, I need my matches to hold my self-esteem high and not kill myself :))).
That's what Twitch is for... oh Jesus that was too funny.   Speaking of which... you ain't streaming much anymore
It actually makes me so annoyed when girls (and im sure guys do it too) put little effort into their bio. Like if youre actually serious about dating then you should be willing to take 30 minutes to fill out a bio that actually tells me about you instead of "likes movies and games" "Energetic and fun"
the background music is so quiet lmao
mmmm this guy is funny, he should make a chanel where he talks about different stuff
I wonder if he ever worked up the courage to ask out Puck Moonen
I spent a while on a couple of dating sites and had exactly one positive dialogue come out of it. I didn't bother attempting to match with anyone who didn't actually say a decent amount of stuff about herself in the profile. The whole point of a dating profile is to get an idea of who a person is.
Got it
Last 30 seconds changed my life
The knowledge we want but don't need.
To avoid any embarrassment I roofie myself before the date even starts
If you have a fish in your pfp you are obligated to take them on a fishing date
Cheers...
Most Girls date men and that’s kind of gay so to avoid that you should date men
Surprisingly good advice
Wow you’re calling me out, I bought AMC at .70, she’s being all slow with her replies, and I just got back from cancun and can’t stop talking about going to Coco Bongo, why are you doing this to me?! LMAOOO
Yayyyyyyy
My first date with my current gf was at a bridge over a river during dusk ,10/10 good experience
Great channel father I subscribed
Why does your animated character look like he has really bad farts?
🤣 “Uh no, that’s why we have Twitch”
2:39 true
Oh damn
2:00 My man!
24 never got this far not even close
You see, you can’t make first date mistakes if you never go on a first date.  :)     :(
Is it wrong to ask out a cartoon character drawn with MS Paint? His name is Casually Explained, I just don't wanna make it weird between us.
Video PagMan
“In my experience”  I find that hard to believe
I literally have a first date on Friday. xD
oh no....there goes my first date with casually explained
Ooo
Yo I’m going on a first date this is Good timing
HES BACK
The GME part hit right in the feels. I'm waiting for this shit to squeeze so I can pay for dates 😅
Coaches don't play
need more videos, one of my fave channels
love it
Our king has returned my life is complete
dates are temporary, aiur is forever. just play starcraft 5head
Thank you (I need this)
I think another difficult thing to know is if she’s into you
There’s probably guys out here who actually try to live by every word this man says. •~
Is it bad that I went hiking on my first date?
I prefer to have my dates at home, preferably in a sticky pudding form
You must be cashing out with express VPN you only make a video every other year
“So yeah usually her” 😂
If you're someone like me who has a lot of trouble with social anxiety IRL I recommend online dating. Not like app dating like Tinder, but more like dating through other means such as video games, servers, or social medias. I personally had zero success with dating anyone until I graduated high school and started chatting in online rooms. Since then I've had a few gfs and lost my v card. Just make sure you're always verifying that the person really is who they say they are by video chatting with them before you commit to anything. You don't wanna be cat fished. Also, try to date someone who you think you could realistically meet up with before a year passes. While online dating certainly can work, most online relationships struggle long term.
LETSSSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
he sound surprisingly happy
But can you tell is she into you even if date went well? You know the answer...
Don’t come to Argentina, even if you save $10.33
Cheers
Your mistake was seeking women and not money
A new video in just a month!! Impossible
uh huh no way, i was looking for a vpn to watch euros
sth along your train of thought: "oh, that new trainee I'd like to get to know better" - introduces you to her boyfriend next shift, "best welcome to a job ever!" ..."was just teasing anyways"
Thank you James, you gave me the push I needed. I’m going to ask out my crush.
Thanks for the laugh
holy shit i need this im going on a date tomorrow much appreciated  :D
I wish thid was out 10 years ago, my scheme is obsolete now :(.
WAIT I THOUGHT I WAS WATCHING ONE OF HIS OLD VIDEOS AGAIN THAT I HAD FORGOTTEN ABOUT HES BACK YESSSS
I love the little side characters in the bar
I'm wild about the dramatically less detailed patrons in the bar.
stream starcraft please, my sleep schedule is absolutely destroyed ever since u stopped streaming. i can't fall asleep. i just can't
When your Canadian but still pretend the drinking age is 21 to appeal to American audiences:
I was having questions about how to ask a girl out and what to say, then he produces a video. Beautiful.
How do u convince a person to go to a date with u he said about how to be in a date but he didnt say how to get one without tinder
jajaja! great vid!
He‘s still alive!!!
You seen Sam? Are y'all hanging out in the months between videos. Tell him to upload too
I forgot I subscribed but happy none the less
i left a comment 4 da algyrithm
Ahh yes, the only reason we go on dates is to get the men into our pyramid schemes
i get that you like grade but you dont have to copy his upload schedule
Wait this was a date? Is there going to be a second date?
So never date, sound advice.
Him: “that’s a nice face on your head” Her: *blushes*
I hit the like button when he suggested you roofie yourself if conversation topics get exhausted
cheers
Why am I watching this? I don't even want a date.
#AMC to the MOON! 🚀
I've run out of things to say! Casually Explained: "Hit her with your Pyramid scheme"
lie about your body count, multiply it by 3 and add pie
Aw fuck
more like ~2 months
If you're neither, start planning your trip to Mexico. Latina chick's love socially awkward American dudes that can help them get a green card.
The only date I look forward too is the day that I die.
Hows the heatwave?
I drink and play hard to get with myself.
Oh God... my life
I don’t know how legal the whole “it’s cheaper in these regions” thing is and I don’t know that I would advertise that if I were a VPN provider.
My drunken alterego is an ass hole so i just need to keep that under wraps
“destroy her at bullet chess”!!!
unironically some of the better advice i’ve ever heard is in here
Bold if you to assume I would get a date
New video poggg
"It was the perfect date ever!" -said no YouTube viewer ever
Still waiting for the staying in podcast #6 Sam I still believe
Hey
What happened to your deadpan humor? I don’t like your new upbeat energy. I disliked the video.
"our date together today"
I played dnd, and now I'm engaged, so...I mean, it worked.
Alcoholism, the cold, bitter truth of the world
Remember dudes, there is no guaranteed strategy of getting a girl, all of them are different.
Cheers!
3:25 Wait, this sounds like the most solid advice I've ever heard on the topic. I didn't come here for this.
Sick video Jamie. You make Victoria proud.
I have been binging these videos and just noticed that this one came out today lmao
That’s a nice head you have on your shoulders
That one white pixel on his head is going to annoy me until the end of time
Jesus loves u all so much
Girthmaster69 has returned! Bout time
omg, you had me with the stocks!
The mistake was the first date
Ah, I see you watch Ryan Creamer. A man of culture, I see.
Jokes aside, thats some pretty good advice. Props.
If i use a vpn to get ExpressVPN can i get it cheaper
Great vid! Please convince Sam to come back.
Oh. He’s back.
Cheers 😂
The step parents joke almost flew right over my head, and what a gem I almost missed.
Wow! No way!
Casually Explained uploaded. Sam O'Nella should upload soon then too
Ngl the storyline joke is pretty good advice
his laugh is cute. d@m
Thought this dude died... Or went broke... Is dying a better situation? lol
the legend is back
another video i'll get no use of
my birthday is tomorrow. love me.
Ah yes, dating
Wow he made a video?
Cheers
first date? Women talk to me for a week normally then act like they have Dementia and just cut conversations mid way, Then starts up a new one about a completely different topic (normal topics like shopping or studying) and then just say they're "busy" and it just esculates until they're gone.
Just came back for the money
The coincidence that I’m about to go on a first date and this came up thanks g
this video couldn't have been released at a better time for me
Exurba1 and Casually Explained uploaded on the same day. Does this mean that Cthulhu will rise once again?
.....why did my ex send me this video?!?!?
What happened to Harstem? He vanished from your videos together
Well then, here's something that's completely and utterly useless to me, so I'll just nervously watch close and absorb every point to at least imagine the scenario and get the weekly high I need to stay alive.
The mistake I have on first dates is asking them out.
I think he finally remembered his password
My man hit us with those twitch references
It's easy to get a date, just tell her about all the dates you've had lately... which is of course none in the past ten years, and boom! She'll date you out of sheer pity. Congratulations! Source: trust me bro
WHOA WHOA BUD, at least buy a bro a few drinks before you whip out the expressvpn sponsorship
Worst- i mean best dating advice oit there
Honestly just don't stress. If it was meant to be then it won't be awkward. If it wasn't then find another girl and try again. Don't get too in your head about making it work. Either it will or it won't and it's not going to be because you didn't follow the 20 steps of your favorite pick up artist
A blessing from the lord
I actually had a first date on the day this came out...
Its been too long
Woah, roofie YOURSELF?   this is some next level thinking
Go swimming on your first date. No make up, no push ups or anything, you instantly see what you get. Works every time
growing up in a community built around the halibut and salmon industry.... i don't know where i was going with this but you got my attention with some really weird obscure niche reference there
Cheers
This is actually the best vpn add ever! No one says which services are cheeper. They always just allude to it
this channel is turning into a progressively louder cry for help that none of us are equipped to answer cause we're asking too
My free months of express vpn wont even get me until your next upload
w8 how do you know about my portfolio?
Our lord and savior is back with more advice that I will never need
I feel like him and vagrant holiday are the same person
Why is this man talking about dates? Who even owns a calendar these days smh
Quick question, what if I’m not attractive nor charismatic and I don’t like alcohol?
Love the amc part!! But actually amc to the moon soon 🌕🚀🚀🚀
Cheers 🥂
I’m dying 😂😂😂 “you have a face on your head” & “hit her with your pyramid scheme”
My man! Dropping complements for the queen Mia Malkova
Sometimes I wonder if Casually Explained is single, then he posts.
Destroy her in bullet chess. Holy shit the accuracy 😂
our date? I had my first date! :D
You have beautiful eyes :)
Honestly I think shy guys are cute might have more in common with them
But is she into you tho?
I missed these 🥲
Hey dan if you see this get lit on
So.. this isn't about fruit preparation, then.
eehh aguante argentina
How does he get Nasim Pedrad for all his videos
looks like it's your turn to pay for that date eh?
Why do you rarely make a video bro
As a person with Asperger's, I'm pretty sure I've done everything you're not supposed to do on a first date, therefore I don't date anymore.
Is this video 20% ad?
Was the picture after the fetish joke Amoranth? That seems like something she might do.
Oh, how I've missed you casually explained.
The OF brag had me dead
Oh wow, straight dating is so complicated. Gay guys are just like "wanna fuck" - "ye" - "cool" and then sex initiates and gay girls be like "wanna get a coffee" - "ye" - "cool" and then sex initiates. Idk why you straights make your sex life so overcomplicated by doing all this nonsense with the preparation for some 5000 book comedy setup routine before all that shit. 🤷🏼‍♀️
honestly, cheers
everyone who had their first date before watching this missed out
The real joke is YouTube recommending this to me, expecting me to get a date
HE RETURNS!!!
Finally resurrection
You are godlike
Sophie, 25 wants someone to go on adventures with. Can probably drink more than you, likes dogs, pizza, and The Office. is a hufflepuff.
you voice is becoming less casual
damn that's actually good advice lol
That’s the best intro since Wesleys theory
You and your Eagle Nebula. What are you doing, eh?
Mistake #1: having an irregular upload schedule
congrats on eating this month
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan been waiting for dis
FeelsBadMan.
i got 30 in my finals... i wanna die 🍌🍌🍌🍌
4:17 God, I wish...
I have trouble talking with quiet and shy girls.
Should I tell her I watch Casually Explained?
Ngl watching this as a woman is so amusing. I've been nodding for half of the video non stop😂😂
legendary comeback. can't wait for the boxing fight against You Suck at Cooking
Exurb1a AND casually explained on the same day? Damn
Cheers....sigh
Tip: Bubble is waaaaay better than Tinder, for guys and girls. For real. And no, I don't work for them.
Love to see the sponsors, congrats man!
Just as I’m prepping for my first date
How do we get to this step lmao
Jokes on you. I can't make these mistakes since I will never go a first date!
Step 1: talk to a girl
Amazing video as always
Oh mate, cheers 😌
Finally I’m ready for my first date!
“Woah no way”
Sometimes I can't tell if some advice is serious or not😂, guess there's only one way to find out🤣
Why am i watching this, I'm not ever going on a date
I thought you said no more dating videos lol. Still good tho
I was recommended a cheesy dating video for some reason when this popped on my feed. I accept your apology, YouTube.
Coco Bongo is still a thing? Working for a past vendor to them, I certainly hope they've stepped up and actually improved the facilities.  It's not great when the brand new concrete underneath automation gear starts to give way.
How to get a date when you are over 21, but don’t drink?)
i need this.
guess he caught a date lately lmao
New episode,  SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
4:18  Hey, I'm sorry. I should have been more clear. I was here to get the next Reddit short squeeze and see pics of Natalie Dormer. Possibly as separate items.
Salud
I won’t have to worry about this because no one wants to date me
ᅠ                                                                                                                                                    ᅠ                                                                                                 ᅠ                                                                                                                                             ᅠ
XD
U seem to be down bad my guy 😅😅
Is it me or is his voice over style kind of different in this video?
„That’s why we have Twitch“ Shots been fired
commenting for the algorithm
yeah, that's all cool and all,   But how do I know if she's into me?
can't make a mistake if you never go on a date
Lol as a female who has gone on many dates, I always split the bill the first date or, if the guy is too persistent, then I'll cover the tip and the guy covers the food. I don't like one sided dating
Wait...this channel isn't dead?
1:36 I dont know? Maybe Europe? I heard bavaria is beautiful
An upload that's exclusively an ExpressVPN ad? You got me good
The chess one hurt
"Our date with each other is brought to you..." --wait, this was a date??? Lolololol
A week to late :(
So i recently realized im bi so that means ill be going on double my usual number of first dates :)  *So yeah thats still a zero.*
When do we get a Casually Explained Onlyfans
Casually explained OnlyFans????! When?=??
That country thing kind of looks like a turkey if you're visions blurry
Thanks dad
lmao he deleted my comment, casually explained is like my dad, he only comes back when he needs money.
There is a simple way to avoid any of these dating mistakes and that’s just don’t go out on a date:) #iamsolonely
awesome video m8
is this the casually explained renaissance
Bro I was watching you last night, you finally came back 😭😭😭
That first sentence killed me instantly
"You have a nice face on your head" LMAO that's so relatable 😂😂
The return of the king
Ayy hey everyone, good to see you, I’ll see you next year
Disliked. Video was not long enough!
What happens if she's Canadian?
The King is Back! Spread the word
I hit like before I watch.
New vid pog
That storyline diagram is actually great advice if you're nervous you won't have anything to talk about
Y'all asking how like just do it and be confident lol
Yes
nba league pass vpn stuff is only for online streaming right? u cant get that on your tv uinless u got a an internet cable service provider like sling?
YEAAAAAHHHH VAMOS ARGENTINA CARAJOOOO, btw nice I missed you  nice vid
I'm attractive af so I never have trouble getting dates. I'm actually in the video at 3:07 if you want proof.
But for real... AMC is still gonna squeeze... right?
Casually Liking the Video
Literally going on a first date tonight when I saw this. This is not a good omen. This is not a good omen.
Ah yes, the date.
Cheers
Just can't dislike man, too good
1:47 - It's painful how accurate this is
XDD
i like it when he actually laughs
I feel like it would be hard to explain "my emergency roofies"
Haha, good thing I'll never need this guide
He has ran out off money finally
Ah just what I needed before going on my first date
I think he was on a date with Alexis Rose
Yes but when stream sc2 again?
Buy AMC anyway.
I love how even he cracks at his own jokes
I never match with anyone on tinder
Very timely video. Thank you
Can't do first date mistakes if you've never been on a date.
That story line thing is genuinly good advice tho
Me having 69 years of free VPN using everysingle youtuber code
You’re not supposed to beat her at chess? Oh fuck, I beat her at chess and she wanted to play checkers, and I beat her at that too, like ABSOLUTELY ass clapped her at it.
Im a player i dont go on dates
cheers
Was just rewatching all of his videos when this popped up. We are blessed, guys!
wait this is a date :o
What's a date?
Love how the eyes are not fully coloured in - my ocd gets triggered seeing those small white streaks of incompleteness
if you're neither, cheers : )
Cheers
too many emotions expressed on the video. disliked, unsubscribed, reported and blocked.
I like the little fat-lined stick figure
My boy broke like 8 times during this shiy
Wait this was a date?!  ...Nice.
Wait this was a date?!  ...Nice.
You still watch SNL . Why? I bet you still watch Killel, Fallon, and Colbert too. Just rewatch your old YouTube videos they at least are sarcastically droll and clever.
I'll wait 1 whole hour without commenting after Jamie uploaded to seem busy.
Cheers 🍹
$GME to the MOON!!!!!
Actually useful wtf
Why is this actually kinda useful
I love how this was posted almost a week after my first date 🥵
Dude. Best video you've made. The jokes are so rhythmically executed!
Our date together today has been sponsored by express vpn... so if this date goes wrong i can avoid any digital contact with you for the rest of my life
Taking roofies to get out of a bad date is tight!
Cant make mistakes if you dont have one
1:59 so true😂😂
+1 for bullet chess
HE'S BACK TO LIFE
He's back!
"Roofie yourself". Fishing for unexpected fun time huh?
Thank the lord my s3* life is in need
honestly this information is more useful than half of the actual serious dating advice online
I feel this was more of an advert of the positives of porn then advice on first dates
i have never thought of roofie-ing myself before, thanks for the advice
(Date is a success) "Are these roofies?" "They weren't meant for you, they were meant for me if this date sucked... Okay now when I say it out loud..."
He`s back!
Every female dating profile: I love to travel. You better love to travel because it's all that I am about.
So yeah.. The date didn't really go well, must have been me though because this video is 100% facts
10/10
Oh yes my life coach is back
Is true, hand holds are more meaningful than sex
“Just trying to meet new friends” “Not interested in hookups”  =  “I’m horny and single (or not, but I’m looking anyways), and I want to have meaningless sex with strangers but I don’t want anyone to know that I’m down and have done this act with 40 other dudes or I’ll be seen as a slut, so I’m just going to write a short bio that portrays my disinterest in casual sex.  I’ll tell the guys I meet on here that I don’t usually do this”  Source: 95% of the women I’ve met on Tinder drop their pants within the first hour of meeting.  Tinder Bio’s are complete BS, especially the ones written by women
Casually explain please help me. Your advice through the years has landed me a true baddy how do I keep her with me now
I thought I was gonna laugh, but now I'm sadder than I was before watching this video
"Hit her with your pyramid scheme", perfect  lol
Step One: get a date
I thought he pulled a Filthy Frank on us
"Hit her with your Pyramid Scheme" I cant breathe 🤣
I am so lonely look at my story meme is the closest I get with girls
The stick man has risen again.
I miss you
@2:00 monkaE
You won’t make mistake if you never had one. Don’t date so you avoid mistakes
Always coming back for money
Me just now realizing that I'm a fucking nerd after laughing at the bullet chess joke.
this video was actually useful
Omg Yessss
P.S. Been in a relationship 18 years and it wasn't rocket science. Oh and if a women asks what you make financially instead of telling her ask what she makes...
Casually explained AND exurb1a uploading on the same day? Sounds like the perfect day for sam o' nella to return
ok, im very disappointed, you didn't answer the one question i had : why date in the first place (: ?
A gorl and I went to an intimate nighttime jazz show in a romantically lit cafe. After connecting a bit and much sexual tension, she asked "do you wanna get outta here?"  I said yes and proceeded to take her home. We got to her place and I said bye and waited confusedly as it took her forever to get out of my car. She just kept talking to me as if she wanted me to go into her house with her. And she looked at me with those innuendo eyes while slowly putting on lip balm.  After touching me a bunch of times on my inner thigh and telling me about her wet hot tea and tasty snacks she had for us inside, she finally got out of my car and I was so relieved because I honestly couldn't tell if she was into me.
Dude I have a date tomorrow, this is such a fucking lifesaver!!
Him chuckling after the who pays question made me lol.
4:17 wait you thought this was a date this whole time? I'm sorry if I miscommunicated but...
He is back?
Lmao I think the biggest flex was that he used a Pornhub screenshot in the ad and it got approved
yea
I'm sorry, but what is this thing called 'Dating'?
lettuce clip!
Finally some good dating advice.
thank you for the invaluable lesson master
Ohh.... you thought this was a date? :/
He’s getting happier and happier. I don’t like it.
whaaat casually explained and exurb1a on the same day? this is too good, we shall suffer tomorrow guys
4:04 Okay dudes, is he a chess.com person or a lichess type of dude
That's cute. Thanks for thinking we, your viewers, go on dates
"Our date for today" LMAO
STICK GOD HAS SPOKEN
Guys please just have atleast 1 decent picture of your face where you're not wearing sunglasses and a hat and the lighting is horrible and taken from a downwards angle
GME def bout to squeeze anytime now
3:43 "hit her with your pyramid scheme"  Chicks dig Pyramid schemes 😎
I'm pretty sure this guy is a professional at dating
I THOUGHT HE DIED
Jamie finally remembered he's password guys
"Yeah still pretty hot." Omg the truth of this had me laughing so hard the neighbors were looking out their window!
You can't get a First Date Mistakes if you don't get a First Date in the first hand  Help.
Yeah lets face it, you aren't going to use this advice anytime soon. but don't let that drag you down, you can do it bro.
2:52 As the top drone racer in Serbia: Ouch.
He finally run out of money for alcohol
That didn’t feel like 5 minutes
I just spent the past minute crying. I’m so happy he posted this right now lol.
First mistake: thinking that she’s into you
0:54 Oh the fish was the problem, I'm taking notes.
he returns
nice video
"Whether or not you held hands".... You didn't have to attack me like that
I like how you can break most of his advices down to: "Go drink more."
Bruh i just want one thing
Hope to see you on Instagram again
You know, in the time I’ve been watching Casually Explained, I’ve met a girl, got engaged and married her. All thanks to Casually Explained - however on our wedding night I didn’t sleep with her because it’s best to be safe.
That first tinder reference is so true. I had a 2lb mayan cichlid in my pfp and y'know I thought it was the coolest thing.
I found this video eerily accurate and to all those who are also neither "cheers"
I don’t mind him uploading every 3 months with animations this good 😍
What in tarnation, an upload?!?
James got rejected and decided to vent about it
"If you're more charismatic get into more social circles"  Is this the next casually explained
Guys do yourself a favor a report all these a-holes for spamming every comment section on this video
Guys please report the spammers in the comment replies. Its getting really annoying.
Those AR$319, by the time taxes kick in you pay close to full price.
If you just listen to his voice instead of watching the video it sounds like he’s a young entrepreneur telling you “secrets that no men wants you to know”
Honey wake up! Why it's three AM Casually Explained finally uploaded
nice
What if I have a cybertruck reservation and big hopes that I’ll be able to actually afford it? How do I use that
make more videos and pay for more meals
Epic
Wow
Hey Casually Explained! You have beutyful eyes. 😉
They're gonna squeeze 🦍
He actually Has emotions now
I see, the rent is due.
cheers
"Getting a date in this day and age is pretty straight forward"  Confusion intensify's
I love hiking and outdoor sports. But as a girl, I know it's dumb to go hiking with a dude I just met on Tinder. Anyone have advice for what we can do on a first date that doesn't involve being in an isolated place where no one can hear me scream? Thanks!!
45 minutes. The king has RETURNED
Thanks for all these dating advices, I probably won't use them but thanks.
Oh hey he returned finally, nice!
brb, gotta take the drink to cheer my lack of handsomeness and charisma with you.
You have a nice face on your head... I translated this to my own language and it sounds even more stupid to me now
If want to attract women with fish pictures, take pictures of it after you cook it plated nicely.
Now I need to know the source for all the research he placed into this submission. particularly the twitch part.
nicely timed, as i am going on my first date this week! (:
But important question, mia malkova's eyes or the blessed pronstar of phub ryan creamer?
The advice we all needed
Cheers man
ANYTIME NOW.
38 mins ago. 42°c in Vancouver, cheers
this is so much better than the last few videos.
This video describes my life
The first mistake in dating was dating in the first place.     This bit isn’t related to the comment but for anyone interested I make a lot of music here - instrumentals and songs of different types. So check it out if you’re into that.
Ah yes
The king is back
I fucking love this channel
me on 3:45, looking below travel stories:  *_GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD_*
person: should i tell her my fetishes him: no thats why we have twitch LMFAO
You have beautiful eyes ~ guy from the south of spain
Cheers to you too
This is great because it reminds me that I’m not the only one that asks these questions…
You have beautiful eyes👀 😎🍭
The CEO of ExpressVPN... part-time YouTuber.
Were should I go if I’m under 21 : idk church  Lol
“that’s why we have twitch” 😂
huh. Thanks casual, I forgot dates were a thing peoole did.
Yeah…but what if you have kids 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
Casually Explained seems like the kinda guy that tells you im no expert in dating . And still dates a freaking Super Model
First date mistake: being you
HE UPLOADED
3:43, IS THAT IMPOSTER FROM AMONGUS
This man is unfortunately one of those people most people will skip past because of the tone of his voice
*You can't make a first date mistake if you'll never go on one* 🤷‍♂️
Pog Here early
that GME line came close man.
you are so white and straight
Lolol love the Ryan Creamer plug. His eyes really are gorgeous.
Oh wait this was a date? I don't know if you communicated that with us well enough from the beginning.
roofieing yourself to get out of an embarrassing situation is honestly one of the biggest brain moves I've ever heard of
3 foot halibut absolute must
I’m sending this to all my friends. We need this lol
3:03 ran out of budget
woah no way its that time of the decade
Oh my god I binged so many of your dating videos today
When the world needed him most    He returned
let’s see how many of these I’ve done!
And ye, he did return with immense wisdom
Glad to see you back fam. Keep up the good work💯💯💯
Man pulled out the “emergency roofie” on himself
Thank you !!!!!!!! Another douse of relationship advice that I am for sure gone you any minute now in my extroverted life. (Can someone actually help?... please)
This one gave me that LAHWF vibe with the giggling etc hahaha great to see ya back, man
I was listening to his podcast today and was wondering when he was coming back
_"We're hitting relatability levels that shouldn't be possible"_
Was it just me or did it keep cutting out until the end?
Never heard of express vpn on this channel before
Wow who said this was a date????
I challange you to a game of Hyperbullet chess.
i like how hes laughing a lot more
I took a note on the self roofie strat seems legit and plausible
3:47 hahahaah ... xD
babe wake up, new casually explained video.
I'll stick to the stockholm-syndrom, cheers 🥂
1:40 now we know why he chose to upload today
CE is really into blondes
“If you then run out of storyline entirely and the date gets really awkward… just grab your emergency kit and roofie yourself and wake up the next day embarrassment free” my god it took me a few minutes to recover from that beautiful execution
I didn't suspect any good advice, but he actually gave some
Just a masterpiece
"Wait, you thought this was a date?"
I mean the best first date is the one with girl in runescape
Cheers mate :')
Wait actual conversation advice I need this
Return of the king
📝
no
0:21 The moment this video got demonetized.
"roofie yourself"  Absolutely killed me😂
You say he comes back when he needs money, but he bought GME and AMC at the top so he won’t need any.
🥂 cheers
To all those who took their first date to a praying place, what was your first prayer there?
Babe wake up, Casually Explained posted
Bold of you to assume I’ll ever go on a date
I feel called out by the amc comment
When it comes to putting yourself  out there, Nike that shit; just do it. Face the possibility of rejection, face the possibility of embarrassment, face the possibility of awkwardness. Maybe it wont get easier but you will become accustomed to their inevitability and the fear will lessen, if that's your deal
I do have beautiful eyes thank you :)
FASTEST CLICK EVER
cheers
I have a date tomorrow. Hoping this helps. 🥴
He doesn't ever miss!
Cheers
First date mistake is going on a date.
i like the idea of you very much mr casually explained
0 dating experience 0 death master here! Go a first date you should take her to the gulag
You have beautiful eyes
Oh my god im actually early
Looks like he finally made some time from investing in all those high dividend-yielding index funds. On an unrelated note, why does he sound like he's scratching his nose throughout the recording
The king has returned teaching me knowledge I’ll never get to use
I like this video!
right after my first date in 2 years thanks casually explained
I just signed up for “First Dates” a Dutch show. This is perfect, if I’m selected.
Biggest first date mistake for men is paying for the date when you’re out with a strong independent woman who wants to be treated equally to a man
What to do when everything becomes awkward  1) Roofie yourself  2) wake up embarrassment free 3) order a big hug at the menu (3:49)
ah once again my self esteem smashed into a million pieces but at least i laughed in the process
Wow a casually explained video just what i needed
What I learned today: Don't bother, go back to identifying as asexual, it's not worth it
"allow her to absorb your personality by destroying her at bullet chess" Hits way too close...  Good thing my girl refuses to play chess with me so I'm forced to do other things.
Cheers 🍷
Ill come back to this video in a few years when i get a date
Dont need to watch this video, i have never had a first date and never will
Cheers boys
Hi from Argentina :D pls send money
Papa bless
The next vid should be about this stupid heat dome summoned by the god of all pokemon Bidoof.
You came in so clutch with this video, I’m going on a first date tomorrow thank you kind sir
I got a message on tinder 3 hours ago saying hey could we meet, I replied yeah I’m down...If we go out tonight I’ll for sure take my emergency halibut
You have beautiful eyes :)
great content mate
I get enough matches but not failing at messaging long enough to actually get a date is the hard part
GME to the moon
I waited so long for the next video, thanks 😂
no wonder my morals are so messed up, i take your advice lol
First mistake is just having a date
The laugh at the beginning when the sponsored was revealed got me
"So now that we flash forward in time and you got a date" Incels: God Damnit.
cheers
Mia Malkova is really cute and she indeed has beautiful eyes. Also "girthmaster69" is priceless.
he remembered the channels password
He uploaded, damn...
Babe wake up, I gotta learn how to make a real girlfriend and stop talking to my wall.
I would vote for this man
Let's goo
Mistake Nr. 1) First Date
I imagine him saying this on a date 4:17
I forgot you existed, like my dad.
"Have a storyline" is really awesome advice
The only first date mistake is to go on one.
At what point in the first date should I pull out my yu-gi-oh cards?
buys a vpn to get a better price on another vpn by buying from another country
H....have you...even been on a date before??? Had a functioning relationship? Like, EVER? Do you have even the SLIGHTEST IDEA what you are talking about?     It's okay dude, neither have I. To all of those things
Bro don’t tell people you own GME cause once it squeezes everyone will be asking you for money
this is one of the rare actually-useful advice videos
That’s all good and all, but we need to know how Sweden is doing in the UN.
Hire hookers. It's cheaper.
Yay
he is back
Every time a Casually Explained video shows up it feels like an event, something to celebrate.
You’re coming in clutch bro.
I have a first date in two hours and I live in the same city as CE. Is he trying to tell me something?
How’d I get here so fast?
he returned from his first date and instantly made this video, *Congratulations my good sir*
I love him
YAYY
I dont disclose my fetishes. I have twitch
OH SHIT HES'S BACK THIS IS NOT A DRILL I REPEAT THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Goood vid thank
Looks like i picked the perfect time to spend 20 min in the work bathroom
Hey you know that's pretty good advice. So I'll be sure to remember none of it when the date actually happens.
A new video! He does care!
I won't need dating advice if nobody ever wants to date me!
Cheers 🍻🥂 bro
The part about making it obvious that you want a date and not just meet up for coffee is kind of important. On my first date with my fiancee, she thought i just wanted to catch up over a beer, since we went to elementary school together. If i had happened to be less charismatic, and she was less thirsty, shit never would have went down the way it did.  Also, never present yourself as just a friend. Make your intentions clear. Don't get unintenionally "friendzoned" like some dungeons & dragons neckbeard.
He returns!
You have beautiful eyes!
casually dating but casually just a friend at the same time
Fun fact he says the name of the sponsor at exactly 4:20
1:55 Yes, this should be your opener, right after you greet them
yup
You can't have any first date mistakes when you never go on dates :D
Casually, you know damn well that I've been trying to date you for the past year.
i have never been less than extremely satisfied with the quality of one of these videos
Cheers!
You can that This is "Casually Explained"    *Credits Rolls*
oh by the way using different countries for discounts is usually illegal, in the sense that if the company finds out they will terminate your account. its usually in the terms.
What a coincidence! I'm going on my first date this week. For the first time ever.
these videos make my week gracias
Missed ya babe.
Ya didn’t blur the Mia Markova pfp, this might get demonetized
Well I can’t make any of these if I cant even get a date in the first place
And he thinks we go on dates... *fool*
when you make a contract with expressvpn for 5 videos and you post rarely :)))
holy shit you're back
"you have a nice face on your head", welp wish me luck with that line guys :)
Last time I came this early was when I had sex with my girlfriend, just kidding of course as if I would ever get a girlfriend or have sex
The mad lad himself has posted. ALL HAIL KING CASUAL!!
Asstro
3:08 lmao I love the extra low effort extras
Wait I actually learned something. That's not right...
First
girthmaster69 knows what's up
W
This was a lovely date but can you tell me more about your pyramid scheme (or was that the sponsor.)
Damn boi, you're right on the money >:D
Wait he's alive
04:54 Is anybody here going to say a joke about saving money on Argentina? No? I'll wait
oh he alive
1:40 so we now know Casually Explained he has an up and coming date
Anyone else feel like a catch, but never found? I just wish there was a open group and people ship other people and everyone ships each other based on interests and tastes similar finding matches in a card game. Holy sh*t, let me build an app.
Throwback episode of Casually Explained.
He is back the true pussy slayer to teach us his ways
ah yes more advice i will never use
That roofie part was the most slides I’ve seen you go through in 5 seconds ever. It almost made the fact this took 3 months worth it.
I've never been so early to one of these before!
getting major deja vu. did he make a video like this before ?
Expected Bowling For Soup reference at 2:30 disappointed.
Finally something worth living for again
The messiah has returned
first time i actually got good reasons to go get a vpn
This is a man of culture
It’s funny, he sounds like Casually Explained and looks like him (I guess), but he uploaded a Video.
wait, was this my first date?
The mistake was going out with me in the first place
what if youre a guy who does get matches but the girls be just lame asf
Jokes on you I'm never dating anyone cause am loser
Really helped.  Got the date.
4:03, as a chess player myself, that burned my soul. Good one
3:03 loooooool the b0aty number :joy:
3:06 that fucking guy in front... 10/10
Reroute to Argentina and you will basically get Steam games for free
You can't make mistakes on the first date if you never get a first date
noice
If he's coming back than does that mean salmonella... maybe
~2 weeks lol
Turtle,.     .
Ever cleaned. Girls restroom. Fuck no.
My date and I are going to the arcade...
Where my apes at?
You could use expressVPN to location spoof for a dating app.  And still get no matches. lol.
If more people would just roofie themselves to get out of spiraling...
0:20 This guy is a legend. He does things like cleaning the casting couch or taking a shower with cloths on.
People forget to have fun. sex can wait
AMC TO THE MOON!!!!!! 700K
Its been 10 years
My gf was 3rd for her age in Hungarian chess.... yeah, i got fucking destroyed at bullet
So I shouldn't tell her all about my ex?
You should write blogs. We need your guidance senpai!
17k Views with 3.5M subs, thanks youtube.
HE'S ALIVE!!!
I’ll be single forever I suppose
Let’s go express VPN coming in clutch once again
why was this actually helpful
Tinder Profiles just show that most people don't REALLY know what they want XD
Dates? This is whatever the opposite of preaching to the choir is.
Man...  I'm sure glad I finally got a date.
what's a date?
Woooo
remember, u cant make mistakes if u dont date anyone
First Map Men and now Casually Explained? Must be dreaming
I think im going to follow 90% of his date, gf and other tips just in case i accidentally end up in a shit show like that.
Fun fact: the second you saw this video, you clicked it
I'm washing clothes and get stuck in the dryer  Cue Pornhub music  No wait...
Imagine dating 🙃🙃🙃
Only a month since the last upload? Count us lucky this time
0:21 Look this video up, the comments are actually hilarious. (Yes it is a real video if ur skeptical)
1.1k likes to only one dislike
honey wake up there is a new casually explained video
He's still alive
0 dislikes? I had to be the first lol
This is epic
hi im early hello
You give the best advice
"If you're an attractive guy, use tinder. If you're a charismatic guy, get into more social circles. If you're neither, honestly... Cheers !'  I'll drink to that !
He is out of YouTube money and soon he will go back to his slumber
3:03 I see CE is expanding the CE-universe
glad ill never make these mistakes now!
My first date went for 3 hours just to find out she has a boyfriend when i got home lol
my man is a twitch viewer PogU
That NBA pass for the sponsor was a real date suggestion
I know this has nothing to do with the video but, HOLY SHIT the France vs Switzerland game is good
Yes!!!!!!!!
Dude I don’t think you communicated to me that this was a date, that was pretty awkward.
This guy makes videos three times a year and I still click on them as soon as they come out
onlyfan link where?
Well, well, well. Look who's out of money. No matter! Thanks for a good video!
i miss the old casually explained
BUY and HODL GME 🚀🚀🚀  Ayoooo!
The first line omg 🤣🤣
Holy shit you're alive
Today is now a good day despite nothing else happening.
its been years, the king is back
The Indiefox reference was golden
Cant wait to watch then when I get my first date….it’ll come
Cheers !
When the world needed him most.
Wait, I went on a date with casually explained?
Nothing’s more attractive than being destroyed in bullet chess
The gag is; this is good advice
Hes BAAAAAAACKKKKK
Now to wait another 5 1/2 months
Your alive!
sideway arms
damn im early
Looks like someone’s paying for the date this week!
LIKE
1:55 I can’t— 😭
4:17 "our date together today".. hey, I dont know what you thought this was and I probably didnt communicate properly but um, yeah this wasnt a date :'(  jk, id date you <3
It's gonna be a good week
The return of the virgin
If you want a date to like you, just show them you’re subscribed to Casually Explained
HOLY FUCK HE UPLOADED
My boy backkkk
First date,but there's no way she's into me so it might be a plot to rob or kill me better to just not go.
Ah damn I usually try to shill them my ponzi first, I guess that's my mistake
YES NEW YSAC VIDEO
Thank god this video exists. I still don't know if she's still into me to ask her on a date, though.
Mistake 1:Going on a dte
The Sammer Slammer got me
This is where I get all of my sound dating advice. I am still single after following this channel for over 5 years, but making great progress.
oh god i went on a date today  I think it went ok,,, but I haven't watched this yet
1) be direct and honest about your intentions 2) introduce touch early on, (it's gonna be awkward if you're trying to kiss her goodbye while you've barely touched her) 3) go for a walk, perfect first date, lots of opportunities to talk, unlike movies, restaurants etc
Casually Explained is like an uncle that lives out of state: You barely ever see him, he turns up at random times, and he only stays for a few minutes.
All the mistakes I make are when I open my mouth
THE LEGEND IS BACK
I missed this man
Express vpn be like       “ Imma fund this mans whole career “
Who will need rent first, BroScience or Casually Explained?
His death was greatly exaggerated
1k likes and no dislike Lemme just
Yes a new Casually Explained Video! Congrats on 3.5 mil!!
"That's why we have Twitch"  Beautiful
Casually explaining is back... Maybe Sam o'nella is the next one
The return of the King!
Me: *already in a year long relationship* Also me: interesting...
who already disliked the vid 💀💀💀
Yooo
Hey Kevin nice to see you again
3 views when i clicked on the video.. 3000 when i wrote the comment... amazing
He's back :-)
Never heard of bumble
1:21 as someone looks at r/AskReddit sometimes, I can confirm reddit is the ultimate repository for virgin questions
He sounds more cheerful than usual LoL
Hello Mr. Causally
First mistake: convincing yourself that you have a chance with her
Oh boy... It's a painful subject 😔
Where have you been!?!?
The king.. No the god is back, kneel my bretheren
You have beautiful eyes :)
Early gang
Chicks dig Redditors
Got an ad for “attracting beautiful hot women”, nice. Now I’ve got the basis to find and disappoint a lady on the first date
HE HE HEEEEEEEEEEY
My first date just tasted awful. Sorry, but they’re the worst fruit.
Nice vid
First date mistakes: Going on a first date.
He is back!! 🥳🥳
DONT GET THE VAX
The best way to avoid making any of these mistakes is simply to not date ez
3 views, 282 comments huh
You lost me at 0:26 :(
Notification squad!  Also, feels like forever since the last video, but just makes seeing one popup that much more exciting. Now on to the video!
hi
When will u make a “complicatedly explained” channel
300 comments in the first minute after uploading. We sure have missed you.
this is beautiful. i missed this
speed
"oh wait he's still uploading"
me, someone who’s asexual watching this:  *interesting*
"flash forward to the point where you have a date" um, how do I do that part??
0:19 - “You have beautiful eyes” in the P**nHub comment section 😂
"oh no I hope I dont get stuck" 💀💀💀💀
ah finally
I dont need these tips, cuz I already have a girlfriend. Although sometimes I take a pill, and then she disappears.
can't make a mistake if you never go on a date
How do I get a date?   Saying that im a hot girl on discord and photoshopping my image.
"she says she's into you" is she into you?  can't tell ngl
heart my comment
Nice vid
The king returns
Im a manlet so all my dates are short ones
Like i'll ever get a girlfriend
watch this all you want guys but you're still gonna forget it three seconds into your actual first date
o-hoh wow no waeeeyyy
Nice.
257th
YES
Step 1: Be attractive Step 2: Don't be unattractive
I like your videos
Like we'd ever go out on a date.
Weird video
Finnaly! this is basically my drouge
My god, he's returned.
Not first
YESSSS HE REMEMBERED HIS PASSWORD
The return of the king
Idk why I’m here, no one would date me anyway
Video was posted 45 seconds ago. I've never seen such a fresh video before that wasn't premiered.
These videos always make my day keep up the great work
Stick figures make me happy
https://youtu.be/7ITDnq6ZQOU
Here is a solution don’t go on the date and then you have nothing to worry about.
An update
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
First comment
Bro a new vid not expeting this
You have beautiful eyes :)
this is so relatable
hello
Thank you for this
Mistake 1: c) Not being able to tell
Finally!
His avatar reminds me of Ben Shapiro's hairline that's gone rogue
Firg dage mistaces
I love Casually explained so much :’)
bruh
He's Back :D
This would be helpfull ................ if i had any dates ;(
FIRST :))))))
3 views, 130 comments, and 507 likes. *ok*
early🌝
My man is not dead
I'm convinced he only uploads when he needs some quick cash
Yes depressed stick man is back.
Missed you.. <3
👌
A rare notification to receive but a welcome one
YOU HAVE BEAUTIFUL EYES
HE IS BACK!!
You know its gonna be a good day when casually explained uploads
Welcome back
3 views, 500 likes and 0 comments
Pog
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
early af gang
Yay
Holy shit I’m on a date right now, gotta watch this. She needs to know I’m a virgin and have never felt the touch of a women.
Factual.
i am ready to see the same joke   and I'll laugh
i can't make mistakes if i've never been on a first date
Hello! Hope you've been doing well. :)
Oh yay.  He's back
151st
This video has been approved by a slice of Toast who has made many date mistakes
When your so early that there's 100 likes 2 invisible comment and no views.
Do AMC short squeeze please xD
Fun fact: if you aren't mauricio m, you aren't first
Lets goo the baby
NEW VIDEO YEAHHHHHH
Me, newly divorced  Ok *sad face*
A NEW CASUALTY EXPLAINED?? It is a good day
Always stop what you’re doing to watch CE
wow u still remember u got this channel
Hes back. I can finally stop holding my breath
A6YYYY IN LIKE THE 70TH PERSON BUT AYYYYYYY
nice
Been a whilee
Hi
Yee
when you're so early nobody watched the whole video yet
I will never need this advice, but hey I’ll watch it anyways
I am happy now
ur mom badly and he has no smell like you and I don't want to go to the gun club for you to actually get it you're going on a trip to your own comment on the internet so you can use he she or she can get you to go to the gun shop to get 15 guns edit: help
He spent all his time away training for the perfect date
All this just to get over taken by a guy with a shitty haircut
Is she into you?
When you're so early she says yes
I actually needed this so much right now
OSANDE GRISSKIN
Nemon’t
Ayo ive never been on a date :/
:D
Never been this early!
Pog
Bold of you to assume I'll ever get a first date
Let's go
The legend is back
gang gang
Hello there
Ok but when can you tell me how im doing perfect ????
127th
how tf there so many comments already??
pog
*not asking if they’re canadian*
He has returned
He returned when we needed him the most
Greetings young chap
He remembered his password
I needed this one.
wow
Interesting... Whenever I'm able to date again I'll have to follow those advices
I am ready for some edgy out of nowhere jokes.
I clicked faster than he could say casually explained
3 views 127 likes and 23 comments😩
the last time I was this early was when I had a girlfriend  ive never had a girlfriend
I never got that far but thank you for the advice
Oh he’s still alive good to know
*hey man, wanna go golfing?*
Can i have sum bobux?
Back for his yearly upload
The king has returned
HELL YEAH HES BACK
Finally another video
😶‍🌫️
The actual joke is thinking casually explained viewers go on dates
Oh Boy. Christmas came early this year
Aye caught an upload
Nice
Was gonna say first but ik y’all don’t care enjoying the video tho
He’s back!
Omg
I like anime
Mistake #1: dating
“She asks you on a date, is she into you?”    Still can’t tell
I wonder who the pinned comment is
Glad he got it monitised
301 Club
Missed you bro
Greetings!🇩🇪
I clicked so fast.
Had to be early to this one
It's been a while
I missed this man so much
Idk why I’m watching this
17 seconds
Oh shit he uploaded
first sentence and I know its a good video
When the world needed him most, he returned.
Wow, you’ve saved me just in time
Finally about time
First
THE LEGEND IS BACK!!!
Perkkelee
finally we’ve been waiting
first
HELLO
Oh boy
Casually first
He has returned!
clicked so fast
My favourite Canadian boy is back!
Wowowowoowow it's been a while bud
rememver when he didnt upload
He's back!
Imagine even having somebody to go on a date with 😎
Hey there he is.
HE SHOWED MORE EMOTION HES EVOLVING
Too late brother, needed it 3 days ago  Edit: got back here for wisdom
Ik I’ve done these
nice
Dad ur back??
This man makes a video and I’m there
Let’s goooo
The first mistake was thinking you had a chance 😕
Welcome back
W
comment
Wow
Hes back nice :)
Nice video, honey! Keep it up!
First
i love you
I LOVE YOU
nice
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!!!!!!
A comedian animator YouTuber has touched a women ? Impossible
yesh
ooga booga
Gotta have a date first
First and depressed
welcome back
Pogchamp
Woah
MY DUDE IS BACK!!! Let's go bro!
Thank you for the upload ser
Yay
14th
3rd
THE GOD IS BACK
hey james
wowa
W
casual new upload? Nice!
Epic
Ploggers
Pog
oh wow no way!
omg
I just clicked so fast omg
He returns!!!!
Dam early
I never clicked so fast
Epic
Epic
:)
First
he’s back
Hey man hope you're doing well! :)
Pog
WOw
Yay you posted
Y[ooooooo
No way
Epec
Yoooo
last
wow 7 seconds ago
o
Been there done that
