Bro… “Who would fight outside of Denny’s” Throw… just look at him. “Who would be the most closeted gay” …Throw and Sawk.
18:00 For that question I would've said Incineroar because, dang that chest
7:34 you generally can't milk a bull on account of that they're male. BTW, They need to finally make a baby form of Tauros and Miltank
I am so surprised no one said vigoroth for the Denny's question
That depends on what level they are. 👀
I think the crime crustle would commit is- mass genocide and heritage destruction  He would take the stone he is wearing out of a really strong,old and ancient heritage site that withstood the test of time and collapse it's foundation and kill everyone inside.
I really wish this was my first impression of VOID because his answers were amazing the whole show
My grudge against coding is personal. Not a right now thing
44:24 Fun fact you can't eat magic carp it is just bones as you have you seen in the show
Had the same one in mind on who'd I eat, which is Magikarp. For being real, there's a lot, but Eevee and it's eeveelutions would be so nice ❤ Would be great to cuddle with, but my favorites might be Espeon, Umbreon and Glaceon.. maybe Sylveon too.
43:30 alcremie!!!
Wait… i never fully noticed before now, mr.mime’s evolution is called mr rime and not senior mime?!? Pokemon is dead to me.
11:38 farfetched i don't remember why but i think i see miku with leeks so my brain went to kanto farfetched where his leek is his baton
Bull… milk??? But it’s a bull??? Bulls don’t make milk man
About the “make Pokémon real” question, I don’t get why you deducted Cade a point, let alone 2 points? I ain’t letting that slide, Cade wins
Giwi is kinda right. Irrc farfetched is based on an eastern saying,"a duck flies in with spring onions" sort of like when pigs fly.  Tldr; something so unlikely to happen that ud be better off hoping for ur dinner to fly in w ingredients.
This was good till the conversation turned to politics.  Then it went full liberal idiocy.  Keep politics out of your videos and they're enjoyable to watch.
I completely disagree with the 2001 argument that specific Pokémon wouldn't have existed. In the literal first episode of Pokémon, we see a Ho-oh which no one knew what it was until Gen 2 was announced. This means that Pokémon do exist past their introductory times. The better argument along the line of "wouldn't exist" would be more of the regional aspect of the US. We literally have a generation that has regional Pokemon based on New York, the site of 9/11, that we could pool answers from.
7:30 You cannot in fact milk a tauros, you actually named one of the few pokemon that are ONLY MALE. Please do not try to milk the local Tauros, it would not go well in your cinnamon toast crunch
Which Pokemon could have stopped 911? Two Gigantamax Duraludons. They just tank the planes for the towers.
The most closested gay pokemon has to be cherrim without the sunny day
8:00 Milcery, why didn't anyone think that? 😂
I always have the same answer for 'how many ---s could you kill?' None. I'm an animal lover, and I'd feel too guilty, especially if I'm killing with my bare hands. The best I can hope is that a Rattatta bites me, I throw it into a wall reflexively and kill it, and the rest swarm me while I'm freaking out over killing the Rattatta. I can't stand to even kill a bug if it's big enough; no way am I killing a mammal the size of a small dog.
17:41 :0
PUNT MIME JR!!!
Poor Golem 😢
for the attractive pokemon question, is everyone forgetting Gardevoir exists?!?!?!
7:20 Um Taurus is 100% male.... eww
Gardevoir or zoroark, and that someone is me.
Wait CaptainKid isn’t a Squirtle? Jaidens animated vids lied to me 😭
The way none of them said igalibuff
33:06 trafficking... 100%
28:19 the correct answer is Clefable, because he knows its Gengars girl + no matter how hard he tries he can never even touch her or get close to making a connection, so instead he is stuck in voyeurism watching gengars poison typing allow him to grasp clefable in his arms... while lonely spiritomb collects moon stones hoping the clefairy will dance for him, not realising his presence creates a barrier between the stones and the clefairy ever knowing they exist... and instead of worshipping the moon, the spiritomb is actually afraid of the moon because from his perception, the moons power is the only thing preventing him finding happiness
8:19 that pokemon who is based on a Mexican wrestler... as its clearly a cosplaying racist behind that mask..
4:30 clearly it's Pikachu... he follows a little boy around it's entire life, eager to show loving emotional reactions to him any time he says hello... possibly not closet, but 100% hyper obsessive bottom
7:21 giwi you can’t say that 😰
"Snakes are known for vore"  In the wise words of blake jennings, "i will not kink shame, but i will kink inquire why."
In my eyes, main reason Mewtwo would storm the capitol is because he just hates the government in general
I feel like if you punt igglybuff it’ll sound like a kickball
Tauros is exclusively male…
For which pokemon loves hatsune miku i would say kanto farfetch because he holds a leek into battle and he got the leek from a Miku Concert
Gagoat prob could be milked
29:30 the fact that he’s such a cool guy with levitate.
Sweet buttery jesus. Your membership people go crazy with the amount of comments. For me, it says 15min ago,and there's already +3K comments and all I see right now is Pokemon talk. xD When I get paid, I need to hop on this wagon for a bit!
Why are all the pokemon content creators libs? 😂
Dennys parking lot question was clearly diggersby
"snakes are knoown for vore" has gotta be up there with the funniest sentences ever uttered
Cade's punting pick was the best.
There was only one correct answer to the Disney adult question: Maushold. Two Disney adults joined forces and created an army of rugrats that they are now dragging around the park to show them "the magic" even though these kids are too young to actually do anything at the parks, or even understand what's going on.  I *may* have central Florida PTSD... Tourists scare me... Especially the Disney adults.
Extra note for Giwi's answer on the Cinnamon Toast Crunch one: Applin turns into Appletun, which is apple pie, which is apples and cinnamon. Bro loved Cinnamon Toast Crunch so much he became one with the cinnamon.  Edit: And an extra note for Weegee's answer on the Spiritomb one: Cynthia IS the only NPC trainer that has a Spiritomb... I believe EVER.
40:51 they all kinda look like the Pokémon they wanna make real. It’s like dogs and their owners
Maiden's bizarre adventure (cue anime music)
37:29 I know it's the wrong group of creators to bring this up in, but Lyle from OneyPlays proved you can kill like a 100 rats pretty easily. Considering they're the same size as one from head to tail, you can beat a lot.
30:41 my answer would be xylophone
For the question about understanding attraction to a pokemon, how did nobody say Gardevoir?!? That would be such an easy answer!
I'm surprised that nobody said the objectively correct answer for punting: igglybuff. I talked about this one with some friends about a week ago, as it happens. It's so elastic that its dex entries state that if it starts bouncing, it can't stop. If you were to punt it, it would get absolutely _sent._
1:51  intreasting lore
When it comes to the Miku question, and hear me out on this, Tyranitar.  First and foremost, he’s a big scary dark type, that therefore  means they have a soft side and his soft side is reserved for Miku and Miku alone.  Secondly, Tyranitar is based off Godzilla, and as we’ve seen in recent times Godzilla and Miku always seem to appear together in the same games (like monkey ball or fortnite).   This obviously means that by extension Tyranitar doesn’t just love Miku as an artist, but as an actual friend.
Tatsugiri and Alcremie are just food, yumm
YES! 43:19
Ok yes, but Miltank is also the worst so… 7:10
OMG I was thinking Boltund 😂 6:28
I’m two minutes in and I will NOT take this espurr slander! That’s just a little guy! My baby! My son! He’s not a school shooter he’s just a baby!
“We could milk Tauros” a Pokémon that’s exclusively male
The problem with eating magikarp is cannonically it’s basically inedible
I'm surprised nobody said one of the elephant Pokemon for the Jan 6th question.
the miku one is defnitly porygon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm just gonna say I would eat a Wooloo or Dubwool.  For two reasons.  1: Wooloo is fully overrated and it disgusts me and 2, I've never eaten lamb chops before and Wooloo would make for a good test subject for my taste buds
My response for the make a Pokémon real, would have been Eevee, because technically it also grants every other eeveelution they come with, personally I'm liking the sylvion with them ribbins, or the espion for telekinesis.
The whole "Wimpod getting shoved into lockers" gives off the vibes of a kid who got bullied and then became a bully because of it. Like, when he evolves into Golisopod (God I hope I'm spelling that right) he starts picking on other kids in the school yard now that he's bigger and badder. That could just be me thinking of Guzma tho.
for the most understandable hear me out pokemon question, my jaw dropped when i heard Serperior but fell to the FLOOR when i heard Bruxish. Giwi was absolutely 100% right though
I can agree with Giwi about 100 Rattatas.  but honestly, I could probably just stomp on them and crush every bone in their lab rat body
Kidd and Weegee searching up how many rule 34 results their answers have.  Me knowing that at least either Giwi or Void's answers could blow their result counts out the water.
i would have made arceus real and then arceus could make all the rest real, alternatively can do that with jirachi wish too maybe
Most closetted gay is Gallade.
Weegee won you absolute monster
Most likely to invade the Capitol on Jan 6th? Goomshoes of course!
0:20 Whismur, their voices are whispers, their own crying startles them into sobbing harder, and they wouldn’t be able to fight back 2:42 Alolan Raticate, their cheeks are stuffed with breakfast, they’re trashy, and they’re irritable 4:25 Scrafty, their rage is subconsciously directed towards non-accepting society so they purposefully don’t fit in 6:13 Huntail, the Cinnamon Toast Crunch mascots are crazed cannibals and they carry that vibe 8:06 Conkeldurr, construction is a respected job, the smirk on their face screams confidently incorrect, and they have weapons 11:37 If I were there, I’d be deducted a point since I picked Meloetta too 13:28 Maushold, the parents materialized children (nobody’s sure where they came from) to not be judged 15:54 Salazzle, no explanation needed 19:05 Lugia, they can decimate houses by lightly flapping their wings, so they have the strength to annihilate the planes 21:53 Being a therian, it’s in the name of the animal form (he’d take awhile to shake off cringe culture) 24:23 Trying to parkour across mountaintops by self-destructing, but missing and exploding a town below 27:10 Grimmsnarl, a muscled, fellow troublemaker 29:31 Their dad’s defibrillator (Void’s answer was adorable <3) 31:05 Hattrem, the infamous “If you bring strong emotions near this Pokemon, they will silence you violently” 32:59 Murder of a home invader (read: a stranger on the sidewalk, “they were on my lawn labelled no trespassing”) 35:15 None of them, I’m not a monster >:o 37:30 43, despite the lack of fantastical abilities they’ve got fierce teeth, death by a thousand papercuts 40:34 Flareon, I could play them off as a weird fox so nobody’s bothering me over how I brought a mystical creature to life, they’re warm floofs so they’d keep me cozily happy, and taking care of them wouldn’t be more difficult than a regular pet as long as I always have a bucket of water for emergencies 43:09 A cream covered berry willingly given to me by Alcremie (you didn’t specify how much I had to consume >:D)
I can’t believe a single person didn’t say Blipbug for the first question. It is a nerdy larvae with glasses and a bowtie. That kid would get DESTROYED in highschool. Blipbug would say “um actually” unironically.
8:10 why did no one say yungoos or gumshoe?
Huge counterpoint for picking mewtwo at the January 6th question: in Pokémon the first movie, Mewtwo says “I see now that the circumstances of one’s birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are” he is literally advocating for lgbtqia+ people in that quote. Mewtwo is canonically a leftist and an ally.
SMOLIV IS SPANISHHHHH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
23:25 Oh, so you mean he's into pup play
Mr. Mime disseminates disinformation, not misinformation.
MY FAVORITE POKÉMON GOT MENTIONED! yay (it’s Yamper)
40:46 ARCEUS! Because if arceus exists then they can do wut they do best and create. And who’s the creator of the pokemon world? Arceus. If i bring the creator, then the creation is plausible
35:15 Weegee has made the mistake of ignoring wind resistance and Captain Kidd is way more on the right track. It's weird that Weegee himself points out that you can't just throw a piece of paper really far just because it's light but doesn't carry through on the surface area vs weight issue that's at play there. If there were something significantly more aerodynamic than Joltic then it would probably be worth it to increase size and possible weight as well to get that more aerodynamic form.
19:20 Y'know, I think using "Braviery is the most American Pokémon" as an argument for why it would be able to stop 9/11 is a bold choice, considering that America, very famously, was not able to stop 9/11
7:06  uh… yeah,,,,  rollout.
I really would’ve thought Yungoos for storming the capitol. Such a big trump fan he impersonates the guys hair
MimiQAnon
I wouldn't be able to choose ONE pokemon to make real. I don't like all 1000+, but there's like 27 that I know I like and I DON'T like to play favorites.
So, about the punting. Some critiques, Mineor is too light, every try to punt a balloon? I think air resistance gets you there. Koffing and Pikachu are good answers but both would likely harm you on physical contact. Joltik is just to small. At less than an inch you can't properly punt him, he'll just fly off to the side. I think I could punt jigglypuff the furthest. Proper ball shape, not to heavy not too light, and just the kind of silly creature that I could not imagine such violence doing much damage too.
For “getting into a fight in a Dennys parking lot,” I’d have to say Purugly. Past-her-prime hardened street cat. Girlie doesn’t even wanna be there, only showed up for all day breakfast Meal Deal. If one says anything about her weight she’s taking it outside, got the stance to prove it.
Shiny Meloetta is closer to Miku than non-shiny
Such a banger video, I can't believe it took a year for me to get around to watching it
Which Pokémon is a closet gay? Gallade. Male and female Kirlia, with their little skirts, can both evolve into the (now) Fairy-type Gardevoire by level up, whereas only males can evolve into Gallade… needing a specific item to do so. He drops the Fairy type for Fighting and tries to look all tough… very reminiscent of a “straight acting”, “masc for masc”, faceless Grindr profiles. Despite all this, he still has those birthing hips, is a suave and technical fighter (instead of just being brawny and punching dry wall) with fluid and dance-like movements, and when he mega evolves he gains two flowing single-shoulder capes… He can try to look tough, but he’s still ✨fabulous✨!
@6:12 everyone knows it's Elekid. I guess these guys can't see why Elekids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch...
Why didn't Jaiden give Giwi a point for saying Dialga in the 9/11 question
Jesus loves you
I'M ANGRY ? Oh yeah i guess I am
THAT WAS MY ANSWER LMAOO 15:09
17:40 Some snakes even have two penises
Correct me if I'm wrong. But wouldn't bull milk just be bull semen?😅
9:03 100% of the people involved in Jan 6th were Democrats
33:33 Snom Boss?
Weegee reminds me of rengoku  from kny
Minior weighs 88 pounds and you have to break the shell in order to get the .3 pounds. You were going to demolish your foot and then just maybe you can punt it really far with a broken foot.
23:47 I mean, there do exist furries that want that too. So...
I’m pretty sure Spiritomb would have a crush on another Spiritomb
Doraladon gaiganta max form can just walk in front of the tower
6:48 I think wailord and guzzlord could both eat more just due to size of mouth but guzzlord just wants to eat everything and anything.   I also don’t think wailord will like it cos it cuts his mouth and then the salt water makes it infected
21:53 Landorus-incarnate specifically is a masochist, because it loooves using life orb and its ability sheer force makes him be able to tank the damage he’d normally take from it
I too could punt koffing. My first ever shiny was a Koffing, Pokémon Manson fire red. It self destructed.
Funny how none of the people "storming" the capital had guns on them. When they're part of the party that defends the 2A.
8:33 that sounds more like a liberal college kid to me.
These questions 😂
25:02 What do you mean?!?!? Turtles are cool and cute
scrafty for most likely to fight outside dennys and gumshoos for most likely to storm the capitol
26:26
If you make one Pokemon real it's gotta be Arceus because then Arceus can make everyone else real too and also we will at long last have an actual definitive objectively real god in this universe.
I'm so upset that I'm not YouTube famous, in another timeline I'm on this show and I answer "Cinnamon Toast Crunch is most widely understood by kids as to why it's good, and another name for a young goat is kid. Skiddo, I rest my case."
32:07, the birth of Cade Jr
My mom is a Disney adult
First the attractive one I would have said obstagoon and for spiritombs crush would be spiritomb.
gumshoos was right there for storming the capital!
Erm, Acktually rattatas are normal types and therefore immune to ghost type moves CHECK MATE  (i'd die to like, five of them probably. i think its too easy to underestimate them)
how did no one say jinx for the jan, 6 question lmaoo😭
adding to the machoke captain kidd rattata stuff, what if drain punch and a bunch of ethers
0:25 me
Just wanted to publicly note I just got the Jaden AFK journey add while watching this
6:13 the correct answer is Milcery.
16:04 hisuian zoroark
OK, but have you ever shoved yourself in a locker?
I'm surprised nobody picked morpeko for the Denny's parking lot question
12:55 imagine Pokémon singing rabbit hole–
WHY DID NO ONE GO FOR FARFETCH'D AT THE MIKU QUESTION?????
the fact gumshoos was not an answer for the jan 6 is unbelievable.
The "I get it" if someone said they were into it Machoke
0:03 jojos reference
Porygon is a Hataune Miku fan he can be inside a computer and make the little songs
40:37  arceus cuz it would bring all the others into existence
,I would make Eevee she’s my favorite Pokémon of all time
The pokemon to make real is obviously Arceus. She'd make the rest of the pokemon.
I woulda said Scraggy for getting shoved into lockers. Guys walking around tripping on his pants and that face? But don't worry, he gets his glow up in high school 🤣
So jaidan says he can only fall in love with Pokémon and then Weegee says cintheya and jailind says that’s fine wtf
1:54 I know that if I made that face on a call with my friends it would be IMMEDIATELY ss
Confirmed dem sheep
I cant believe no one choose Farfetch'd on the Miku question
Also Giwi and Hoopa Unbound would be an amazing couple ngl.
Everyone: tells a sad, cute or otherwise interesting story that makes you think Giwi: Landorus wants to be leashed like a dog. Golem crushed a hiker to death. Spiritomb is bisexual and polyamorous. Tynamo has a pebble with googly eyes. Whismur is bullied by Weegee. Crustle sells alcohol and fake IDs to kids.
at 9:00 i just cant stop thinking guzzlord
I really like the Tynamo answers :') just a sweet lil guy at show and tell
The pokemon that loves Hatsune Miku has to be primarina.The colour match with the artist and the fact that it has beautiful singing and dancing proofs my point.
I came here purely for the Rattata question, and my predictions were correct.  All 5 of the humans on screen would lose to a single Rattata, Mike Tyson gets mauled by a single Rattata. Pokemon are MAGIC animals, not NORMAL animals. They are STRONGER, they are FASTER, they are even SMARTER.
29:42 me love this answer
40:36 EEVEE immediately. I want an eevee irl, i NEED my baby Cheeto ❤
Would snorlax have been cheating for the cinnamon toast crunch question?
18:13 is WILD
The hypocrisy and cringe in this video hurts, couldn’t finish it
All i gotta say with the capital and Mr.Mime is get em Weegee! 😂🎉
I'd say I could beat about 46 Ratattas before tapping out. Yes, they might know Poison Fang or whatever. But, understand that I know Concealed Carry and can just by an M1 Garand with the money I stole from children on Route 11.
37:32 I think even the strongest human would struggle against the weakest Pokemon. Like Rattata can learn rocksmash and strength, displaying physical abilities far beyond pretty much any human. Obviously wild Rattata can't use these moves, but its still a decent illustration of their potential strength. The correct answer is probably max 1, if it's a weak Rattata and a lucky human.
20:56 OVERRULED these pokemon did exist back then we just hadn't made the games for them after all just because we didn't know about an animal in the real world doesn't mean that animal had never existed before we had discovered it. The same goes for the pokemon world. All of the pokemon regions existed even when pokemon first released. The only reason we didn't know about them yet is because we hadn't made the games for them yet, which the games are acting like the window in which we see into the pokemon world and with each game releasing we see a little bit more into the pokemon world.
Look the real answer to what pokemon is shoved in the locker is Capsakid. Look at it. Buck teeth. Naruto run pose. Big head. Perfect to palm and toss
"make a pokemon real" lacrio, no thought time needed!
This showing up in my recommended on 9/11 is WILD lmfao
OBJECTION! Mewtwo would NEVER be a republican. He's actually intelligent
5:34 timburr. And its evolution. Fight me.
I feel like milk from a taros wouldn’t taste right
No exploud would be at a Waffle House
The fact that nobody says Gumshoos in the Jan. 6th question is criminal
No one on that panel understands what a guilty pleasure is lol
You can milk the tauros, a male only species, but I don’t think you’ll get the ‘milk’ you actually want.
20:59 isn’t Braviary in legends Arceus- sorry if i’am killing the mood, but I forgot if it was in it or not
Gotta love how the 'understand if someone attracted to that mon ...' question basically still asked regarding their own thoughts. 😂
this video is incorrect because mewtwo is clearly antifa
FURRIES DONT ACT LIKE ANIMALS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Void deserved a point that was wrong bro cooked harder then Gordon Ramsey
18:19 yeah but Wobbuffet is literally a dil*o
I'm sorprised nobody answered the obvious one to the Spiritomb one: it's in love with inself. There's 108 souls in there living together, statistically, there has to be some couples in there.
I think that Landorus's guilty pleasure is Cheeto mac and cheese. He just has those vibes. My sibling thinks it's that he practices cool poses and action shots in the mirror
I am 8 months late.... Weegee gets 1 point. Void gets 3 cause Koffing is a ding dong. Captain Kidd get 2 points. Giwi gets a negative 5 points cause Pikachu my boy [ or girl depending on gender in game ] I like Giwi but punting my little Pokemon... nope no mercy on judging that.
I know it's late, but I put Vigoroth for January 6th. Slakoth is him watching Fox News all day, Vigoroth is him rallied to hatred, and Slaking is him after his wife left him for this
for the question "what pokémon could you punt the furthest" i think it would be meowth because he's always blasting off again
for the closeted gay pokemon, I'm gonna say Tsareena. she gets a lot of male attention, so she doesn't feel like she can come out, but I think she truly likes other femme women. who would appreciate her eyeliner game more than other women? and I think her fierce demeanor is mostly put on... it's a defense mechanism. deep down, she gives me more socially shy vibes than a pokemon like, say, Salazal, who is 100% an out mean lesbian.  but yeah, Tsareena seems like the kind of woman that other girls go to for advice about their boyfriends, and her advice is always "dump him" regardless of context because she cannot picture wanting to date a man.   tbh, I think eventually, someday, Tsareena and Lopunny would get together. they just seem like they'd be happy with each other, and they share a struggle.
Kartana!? Are you sure you wanna put your hands on it? 2:05
i cannot STAND FOR THE MEWTWO SLANDER, Mewtwo is a REVOLUTIONARY. A LEFTIST BEACON OF HOPE AND EQUALITY
3:46 morepeko. That’s the only right answer weegee, very incorrect.
I feel like Weegee doesn't understand how many one BILLION is.
As a certified Crustle lover, I can confirm, Crustle would absolutely rob banks with a little gang of Dwebble goons. Crustle is my all time favorite Pokémon and I’m proud to say, is an excellent criminal.
I cannot see Mew "“I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant" Two as a republican im sorry
Actually now i think about it crustle would be pretty decent at hit and runs coz Kidd was talking about it using shell smash so it would just go up to a guy shell smash punch him in the face and speed off
What's fun about videos like this is that you can come up with your own answers to the questions My answer for the Tynamo question was almost exactly what Captain Kidd came up with lmao
Golem's biggest regret is not auditioning for the Lord of the Rings movie.
if you f ash's greninja won't ash feel it?
Giwi is SO fucking funny lmfaooo
Mewtwo fought against oppression my man wouldn't have been there. Unless he was still Armored Mewtwo.
37:20 I feel like, physically, I could kick a spheal so far, I think it would go flying, and I think it would sound like a kickball. Mentally, I couldn't unless I was certain that it would be unharmed and enjoy the experience. But on that note, the Pokemon that I wouldn't have any concerns about hurting from punting the little dude would be the little aerodynamic baby who loves being launched, Dreepy. Dragapult canonically shoots it out of the canons on its head, and Dreepy canonically love it. People have joked about, "Oh, dragapult is a bad parent, oh, this is child abuse," but I don't think so. I think it's more like when human parents will toss their kids in the air and catch them, or swing them around so the kid feels like they're flying, I think it's a form of play for them. Anyway, I could launch Dreepy without inhibitions, and if Spheal were to enjoy the experience, definitely very puntable.
31:35 The Ralts line and Drampa. Gardevoir and Gallade are both valiant protectors, Gardevoir are typically dedicated to their person, while Gallade are just generally defenders of the small and weak, and Drampa is known for hating bullies.
30:12 Wait, hang on, I'm going to deep into headcanon territory here, but what if evolution stones still exist as powerless stones after being used, and some pokemon are sentimental about the rock that helped them evolve, and the stone that Tynamo brings in is the stone that his dad used to evolve!
Giwi's farfetch'd being cooked with the leak is goofy because that was literally the original joke for him in the Japanese version
i used to not like whismur and then i was neutral about it but after this whismur has shot up on my list of loved Pokemon. he's just a little guy
Maushold is the Disney adult. Come on.
"I actually think he killed a guy" was the most out of pocket shit ever
10:45  I applaud the roast of the former big kahuna in the oval office. Good one WeeGee.
What have we all watched? There were too many people talking
Jynx "has the pass" is a wild thing to say
43:44 why did no one mention Basculin? it literally says that it is edible in the Pokedex entry!
Crustle seems like the kinds devious guy thats up to something, but the crime he commits is obscure so no one knows what hes actually up to.  Personally, I think he goes around piercing underground piping and such, whether that be for sabotage, or to siphon gas, or to just be the kinda guy whos like "hey, noticed you're pipes are going bad, mind if I swap em for ya?" And then steals their good quality skarmory steel pipes and replaces them with garbage klink and magnemite alloy ones.
Giwi was really reading my mind lol 😂
Crustle would commit OSHA violations, he would never have a helmet on and when they would try to punish him he’d be like bro my shell is a hard hat 🫤
Im so suprised that no one said lilligant or roserade for the "what pokemon would you understand if someone told you they were attracted to it" because its not an animal, its a plant
I think crustle would either commit embezzlement or break all of the geneva conventions, aim for war crimes world record.  No in between.
My answer to jan 6th pokemon is quaxly, because he literally has trump haircut
They need to think hard about what "bull milk" would be, where it would come from, and if you really would want that on cereal...
Golem's regret really hit me with the "damn..." Mood all of a sudden
For the punting question I’m genuinely surprised nobody said Iglybuff.
For the 9/11 question I pick gigantimax duraladon
that water type in galar starter would be in a locker
The pokemon id want to be real is Zorua, imagine having a little fox buddy who can shapeshift into ANY pokemon? They could become a big flying type and you could ride it around, it could be ANYTHING
Seviper and Zangoose would absolutely try to murder each other in a Denny's parking lot. Dunno how nobody guessed them tbh.
Really enjoy these game shows! Thank you!
I really lked the minior answer
Mewtwo and Landorus are unironically good guys though...
_Lion Jacket_
4:29 Zero form Palafin. He's a superhero of the people who has likely just discovered his pansexual and isn't fully ready to come out of the closet yet. Not to mention zero to hero is likely just them deciding to embrace their identity
Golem didn’t kill a hiker he killed a pichu (Jaidens nuzlizke intro has a golem crushing a pichu)
I feel like giving an answer for each of the first section questions lol      Shoved into a Locker: Yveltal Denny's Fight: Primeape (is there really any other answer?) Closeted Gay: Incineroar (Biggest Gay: Leavanny for SURE) Cinnamon Toast Crunch: Shinx Storming the Capitol: Giratina Miku Lover: Azelf Disney Adult: Ambipom Attracted To: Delphox Stopping 9/11: Stakataka  also spirikyu is actually so cute to think about
Does a cutting board count as a weapon?
I LOVE MEOWSCARADA
7:25 no one here knows what a bull is
Weegee is insanely good at selling his points lmao
skill issue
For who I could punt the furthest is igglypuff, since it is so bouncy it could never stop. When it bounces on the ground would do max velocity each time
Just want to say my own takes, Absol 100% gets shoved in lockers, their horn lets them detect oncoming danger and tbh that just sounds like anxiety to me so I think people would just point at the emo kid with anxiety and just laugh at them and throw them into lockers and Absol would sense it coming but just panic and be unsure what to do as it happens around them. Also for what pokemon would end up fighting in a Denny's parking lot, specifically a lesbian Gallade, she would be taking her wife Gardevoir to the Denny's and just being all cute like "yeah this place isn't the greatest but I came here all the time when I was a Ralts and I wanted to share that with you" and just the dorky little love they're sharing and then some guy comes up to them and starts trying to put the moves on with Gardevoir and she's obviously uncomfortable so Gallade just stands up looks at the guy and is like "come with me" and walks outside with him and just starts beating him up with her arm blades like the gallant knight she is, I think if Gardevoir and Gallade kept going to that Denny's they would have to start puting up signs warning guys to not flirt with either of them because the other would just kick their ass and after the Gardevoir sucked someone into a literal black hole for hitting on Gallade they just gave up and made their usual table nice and private so all the weird incel pokemon would stop hitting on them and causing damage to the Denny's parking lot. Management's considered just banning the two lovebirds from visiting but they're terrified that they'll end up just getting beat up by Gallade trying to get her wife some Denny's so they just accept it and make sure they don't destroy things whenever they visit.
Speaking of miku, I have a miku poster
“What is Golem’s biggest regret?”  Skipping arm day.
Your all forgetting something about the punt section. Igglybuff. They can't be stopped once they start bouncing. At least according to the pokedex.
Love how at 35:45 weegee points out that cosmog is light either know cosmog evolves into cosmoem (the heaviest pokemon ever)
the fact that nobody said primarina for the miku question
Landorus looks like he's secretly a massive nerd. The kind who does things like Warhammer and Blood On The Clocktower. He could tell you every team that's been on both Robot Wars and Battlebots before he could tell you how to do the dishes
Machamp and macho should have been on the one where they are attracted to
Dude at the 9/11 question I genuinely thought someone would have said G-max duraladon
Mewtwo does not deserve this absolute slander. My guy develops a profound understanding of the vslue of life by the end of their first movie, and also could not give less of a shit about American politics lol
...i know she's aroace... i know she didn't mean to... i know she had no intentions behind it... but...  22:16
Maybe it's just projection, but Drizzile was literally me in middle school, that kid is such a closeted gay 'mon.  Also, GIWI GETS ME. SCOLIPEDE SUPREMACY!!!
The anime confirmed that magikarp is inedible.
35:17 Its Igglybuff. 1 kilo, balloon pokemon, very round.
This game is basically Family Feud it Jaiden was the only person surveyed.
The Pokemon in the insurrection is 100% Bouffalant. The Ohio bull is an unstoppable, chaotic force that would totally be enraged to the point of running on foot all the way to D.C. to tear the entire city down.
did you know that the term MUk is "your mother" in arabic languages
4:24 Its 100% Quaxwell. Acts a bit fruity but 100% would say "ew" if you asked him if he was gay. Then, yknow, Quaquaval
HATSUNE PYUKU  Lil guy could be holding the mic in his hand
eating a pokemon is such a hard question, theres so many id eat. theres the obvious miltank, slowpoke tail id try, deerling, pretty much all the fish, i guess pidgey, massive fan of bird meat, I think pidgey would taste the best but theres a chance itd just be the same as pidgeon
Bull milk. BULL MILK. BULLS ARE MALE COWS THERE IS NO BULL MILK. DONT CONSUME BULL MILK
Gumshus that’s all
All tauros are males
The fact that no one told Giwi that Tauros is male only ☠
im upset nobody said lopunny for the if you were forced to eat a pokemon question and that nobody in the comments mentioned it
You CANT tell me that braviary wouldn’t be there in jan 11th
10:07 I love you Weegee OHMAGA
A billion liones vs all Pokémon is easy. Some Pokémon are hotter than the surface area of the sun. The lions die just by being next to magcargo
They all went for meat for the Pokémon they want to eat but I have a sweet tooth so I’m eating mint alcremie,
Igglybuff is the Pokemon that can be counted the furthest because it's Pokedex entry in Y says if it starts rolling it will begin to bounce and is impossible to start. All I gotta do is a very small punt and it's gone.
Yo I have a new JJBA title JOJO'S BIZARRE POCKEMON ADVENTURE
28:50 spiritomb being bi and poly makes a lot of sense when you remember that it's made up of a bunch of different spirits
the hatsune miku question, answer is farfetch'd cuz of the green onion ;))
the fact no one picked Gumshoos as the answer for which pokemon would have raided the capital was a wasted a opportunity. the manz looks like trump himself.
35:25 the gen 6 grass starter and the gen 9 water starter
37:45 Weegee is clearly Batman, he can do anything when he has prep time
god i love mismagius
Funny how republicans are called out for group think while perpetuating exactly that by just parroting each other.
Cynthia having an army of simps is a new one.
Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Pokémon breeding, Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokémon for humans? Not only are they in the field egg group, which is mostly comprised of mammals, Vaporeon are an average of 3"03' tall and 63.9 pounds. this means they're large enough to be able to handle human dicks, and with their impressive Base stats for HP and access to Acid Armor, you can be rough with one. Due to their mostly water based biology, there's no doubt in my mind that an aroused Vaporeon would be incredibly wet, so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore. They can also learn the moves Attract, Baby-Doll eyes, Captivate, Charm and Tail Whip along with not having fur to hide nipples, so it'd be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood. With their abilities Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water. No other Pokémon comes close with this level of compatibility. Also, fun fact, if you pull out enough, you can make your Vaporeon turn white. Vaporeon is literally built for human dick. Ungodly defense stat + high HP pool + Acid Armor means it can take cock all day, all shapes and sizes and still come for more.
For the first question Mimikyu seems like the absolute best answer. It's totally introverted and just creeps ppl out.
cant beleive no one brought up farfetchd becuase this guy's just glad theres another leek apreciater around
Let's be real; most of us couldn't handle ONE Rattata, no matter how much stronger we are.  Most people freak out at one REGULAR rat... imagine one the size of a SMALL DOG.
This feels like Pokémon Apples to Apples
100% Mega lopunny, she's got the hairstyle, the influencer look, and I could definitely see her at a hatsune miku concert.
You cannot tell me that Drizzile and Inteleon aren't closeted gays. I mean come on, as a queer myself, I get major closet-queer energy from those two. Also love my lil cry baby Sobble. That line just resonates with me so much.
Genuinely surprised that no one said Golem's biggest regret was losing two of his arms
2 I would've said Ash's charizard in particular, that guy fights EVERYTHING on sight until Ash orders it
most closeted gay...Audino
Have to eat a pokemon? Rayquaza. When else do you get a chance to eat a mythical dragon?!?
Umm... anyone gonna tell her that Tauros r always male n basically just the male counterpart to Miltank? U can "milk" a Tauros but it wouldn't be dairy that would be getting squeezed out of there. But seriously, come on, y'all Munchlax n Snorlax r the only obvious choice when it comes to anything about a Pokémon loving food, none love it more than the sleepy bear
Never played Pokémon but why did weegee have the best answers?
LET KADE COOK SERPERIOR IS SO TRUE
I love Kidd flexing 34 results at 18:38 when that's probably still the lowest of all of them.
Smh Giwi, everyone knows Mewtwo is a communist, not a republican.
The one pokemon Spiritomb would be madly in love with is obviously Skeledirge. It's entire deal is serenading the souls of the dead lmao
Its all fun and games as everyone laughs at crustle for being a bad robber before he pops shell smash 5 times and starts moving at mach 3 speed with the strength of kingkong in those pincers
I have watched these pokemon game show vids probably 20 times each in the last week it is the *exact* vibe i rock with
The most closeted gay is Caciturn =
When Weegee asked for "What do you think when you hear Cereal?", "Killer" was not the right answer
Ok for the spiritomb question we can expand on the Cynthia headcanon with Volo. Volo is Cynthia but guy and evil, which i think spiritomb would have resonated with. So imagine 200+ years later a young trainer catches him and he’s like “HOLY CRAP ITS MY PAST HOT TRAINER BUT A WOMAN”
Cade knows about that Lamia/Naga lover crowd
Weegee, you utter Buffon, a billion lions could lose to like two hundred Pokémon if you chose the right ones. Kyogre, water spout, in triple battles the damage is spread evenly across all enemies. Use any move that makes kyogre go last and let every Pokémon that can use helping hand and any Pokémon that can use encore go after Kyogre. All the lions are fucking cooked.
the pokemon that loves hatsune miku is cosplay pikachu, but very good answers
For the punting one I think weegee won because facts and stats
I think i could beat 4 Rattatas at Max 1 no Problem 2 slight Injury 3 okay it Hurts 4 heavy Injury 5 i'm probably dead  These fucks are fast so the more they are the more likley one of them can get to my Throat and bite it of
8:25 Trow... he is red and tbh oversized in comparison to the blue Sawk
Crustle has canonically committed a crime. Obstructing a public thoroughfare in Black/White 2.
I'll be Whismur's friend. So weegee can't bully him
Really surprised nobody went for the low hanging Gumshoos fruit with the Jan 6th question.
7:21) She's outta line, but she's right. Gogoat is probably the best bet since Goat Milk is an actual product irl
Tentacruel could’ve stopped 9/11.
Kartana gets put in a locker, the locker is cut in half, and the bully hears, "Once again, worthless object! Once again, I cut, again again!"
7:07 I thought milsery 😂
13:40 Bewear, no hesitation.
24:54 Everyone here has seen the original artwork of Golem from Pokémon, right? Like, it's something you're not likely to have paid much attention to, but you've seen it, you would most likely know this is a Pokémon... So tell me why I never fucking noticed his right thumb has been DRAWN BACKWARDS THIS ENTIRE FUCKING TIME
Poor Golem bro; Void out here poking the heart. Also having their other names would've been useful since they're not always referred to as names on screen in this video.
18:40 Machoke... even more than Mega Loppuny, *Machoke is the most human shaped Pokémon.* Loppuny still has rabbit bends to the legs and a like tail. Both their heads are the the hurdle.  41:50 🔪 bunny, ❤️ toxic, 💍 Rowlett 41:56 they just like me fr fr  42:04 ...ah, this hurts. 🔪 grumpig, ❤️ semipore, 💍 scorbunny 42:08 😭  42:18 🔪 rihorn, ❤️ ash greninja, 💍 hoopa 42:32 I am scarily in sync with em.  42:40 noooo not the turtle! 😭 🔪 tortuga, ❤️ sunkern, 💍 Rowlett 42:50 oh god not again 43:00 dammit... my exact mindset too 😭 bro Ain't no way
9:40 wait, is mewtwo confirmed "he"? Iirc, in one of the pokemon movies they were referred to as "she" but it's been years.
1:54 ....uuuuuh mostly likely, you know, before the day they reach into their bag. 25:25 damn... that's deep bruh. 43:55 same bruh, farfetched 😋
8:07 NO ONE SAID GUMSHOOS??? bros got a toupee and everything
Golem's biggest regret is losing to an electric attack in the beginning of the first Pokemon movie
Weegee just go "can't f*** a turtle" and choses a SEED
Kartana doesn't get shoved into a locker Kartana gets shoved into the bottom of my backpack 🎒
Dialga could've stopped 9/11 but chose not to
"These pokemon didn't exist in 2001" is such a big brain move
Igglybuff is definitely the one you could punt furthest, it never stops bouncing once it starts
The correct answer for the eating one is Alcremie literally made of cake and frosting.
How did noone say Scraggy or Scrafty for the Denny's question-
Team Rocket actually tried to eat a Magikarp but it's scales were too hard.
I don’t care if Breloom has effect spore, I’m bringing him to life and we are going to be besties, plus he could get me to exercise by using punching bags with him!  Toxtricity (specifically the low-key form) would be a super chill friend and he would play me music I’d like a haunchkrow to ride on so I don’t have to learn how to drive And then as a general pet, probably furret honorable mentions clodsire
Tynamo would bring a little stuffed animal his big brother eelektrik won for him at a carnival All the Pokémon in eelektriks middle school class bully him for looking weird and “oh he could never evolve to become as cool as his dad” but tynamo loves him so much and thinks he’s so cool so this stuffed animal his brother won him is his favorite thing :)
17:30 based
Primeape is literally the perfect answer
Landorus's guilty pleasure is definitely Nicholas Sparks novels.
Who you gonna eat, no one chose vanilite or alcreme?! Wtf! 😂
37:27 best correct answer has gotta be emolga that you slipped a bribe to. Bro is gone and he doesn't technically fly since he's a sugar glider.
I'm very disappointed nobody said Gigantamax Duralodon could have stopped 9/11
I'd make vaporeon real because it's my favourite little guy and anyone who would touch them inappropriately will get a scald straight to the face :D
18:00 I’m shocked no one said Tsareena or Gardevoir
personally i think conkeldurr would storm the capitol tbh
They are all insane. Rattata are fast and their bite strength is incredible. You'd be lucky to beat 7.
Not Weegee quoting fucking Shrek the musical
The cereal question, my brain said Alakazam in a nanosecond. Even had one with a nickname named Cereal Killer.
Which pokemon would join Antifa?
I think ditto would be the best to have become real.
Braviary would definitely water the Tree of Liberty with the blood of tyrants within our government.
respect to Giwi. scolipede is a great pokemon
now someone's gonna make a sunkern onahole
Lucario, ninetails, arceus. Mainly because I want to be the one to kill God. 41:36
40:50 vulpix/ninetails
37:41 as many as necessary. 30 minute prep time is enough to buy a truly staggering amount of pokeballs, which I will dispose of in the ocean.
Whismur is going to get VERY well aquatinted with the tip of my steel-toed boot.
33:07 human/fentanyl smuggling and aiding in illegal immigration and known associate of the Sonora Cartel.
31:18 piplup, as whismur is the “quiet kid” and piplup was part of the popular clique.
29:39 a button his older brother gave him as he was being shipped off to fight in the canonical Pokémon war. That was the last time he ever saw him. He died guarding a checkpoint, blissfully unaware of the lone sniper none of his comrades knew about. He was 21, and was scheduled to return home one day later.
27:19 Henry Kissinger. He Sent so many to their early demise, and now they can finally rot in hell together
24:49 jumping into concrete on a dumb bet
22:14 beads. I will not elaborate
20:15 alolan riachu. Strong against flying, and is psychic, so could see it coming
16:15 vaporeon. Hey, did you know you deserve prison time, but I understand your point? Doesn’t make it right though.
14:08 raichu. The neglected energetic older sibling who is also a mouse. Need I say more?
13:15 deoxys
10:10 mudbray because it was an inside job /j
9:32 Q2
7:30 excuse me, WHAT? You DO know what “bull milk” is a reference to, right? RIGHT???
4:39 lucario is my pick. HERE ME OUT: EVERYONE knows Lucario is gay, and Lucario is in EXTREME denial. He’s a fighting and feels like he needs to “prove” something, despite the protests of the internet.
"If you could make one Pokemon real, which would you choose?"  Arceus. So it'll make all the other ones.
I could take about 12 ratatas unless 1 of them is F.E.A.R. then I just lose
The fact that nobody said Skiddo for the one that eats Cinnamon Toast Crunch the most when its the only kid in pokemon is a huge miss.
I'm so glad Weegee had the same idea as I did for the Tynamo one because I can imagine it holding the lightbulb in its mouth and smiling.
Now I'm an open-minded and non-kink shaming kinda person, let your freak flag fly, as Weegee said. ...but... Bruxish's teeth can turn Shellder's shells into mush. My open-mindedness ends at Bruxish.
giwi and i are the same with the golem question, i was thinking more like he stepped ona  joltik or ran someone over but i love the specificity
What Jaiden have against Vaporeon? That's my favourite eeveelution. Reason being i like water types the most and this was my choice for the Eevee to evolve into back in the days when i was playing pokemon Blue.   p.s. I know the answer. I just think its unfair that internet ruined this pokemon image.
Yungoose would've stormed the capital.
Did she just said we can milk TAUROS???? 7:24 That pokemon is 100% male
7:25 Fun fact, Tauros is exclusively male.
"Sunkern is like, small and hand-held... guess I'll fuck it" Will live in my memories, haunting me, forever
For sure Jynx would hush her smooches she could hit the high note of a song on radio Disney
No storming the capitol gumshoos?
For the Rattata one, I could beat all of them. I’m a hero of the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon world, and as a result I have the ability to transform into a Skitty. That might not seem like much m, but I have Blizzard in my arsenal, and in Mystery Dungeon that thing is a NUKE that hits every single Pokemon in the same room as the user
The fact that gumshoos was not answered for the Jan 6 question is as criminal as the 34 felonies. Lol
20:56 it's a decent argument that those Pokémon did not exist in 2001, if we're talking our world specifically. As Arceus Legends implies, all these Pokémon & regions have always existed; we just weren't introduced to their existence until they showed up in the games. That means that they would be around in 2001, we just hadn't known about them yet.
Easy way to kill the ratata’s just eat a bunch of rat poison once you die and they eat your their also eating the rat poison bam 😅
Love that giwi and jaiden were immediately on the same page sch00l sh00ter wise
Weegee in the flesh That got me so hard
Spiritomb has a crush on cubones mom
I was surprised thought of Igglybuff for the punting question. The Pokédex mentions that once it starts bouncing, it doesn’t stop, and as shown in the terminalmontage & lockstin videos, that would mean it would keep gaining momentum and speed after each bounce. So punting it into something to have it continuously gain speed and momentum before hitting a different angle, then Igglybuff will quite literally go flying with just one swift kick
My answer to the Pokemon Capitol one would be Meowth cause he has that Vibe
Captain kidd absolutely doesn't deserve the point for punting the little guy joltik
Yep! He is in the flesh!
I wanna point out, that Giwi said that Dialga is a "Time Traveler," but Dialga doesn't travel through time, it controls time. Dialga is the constant that time travels around.
Crawdaunt would be extinct if Cajuns exist in pokeworld
PSA: Do not milk Tauros! Bulls do not produce milk!
capitol pokemon is, in my opinion , donphan. reasons: is elephant, is probably pro roads, and it is said to "blow apart" houses
In an alternate universe the Sinaloa Cartel had a squad of Crustle to break out El Chapo from prison
my objection to the notion that most pokemon didn't exist before 2001 is that canonically speaking those pokemon did exist and were just undiscovered/unmentioned in the regions the first few games took place in and i can't believe i'm taking the question of 'which pokemon could stop 9/11' this seriously lmao
35:20 "What pokemon could you punt the furthest?" The correct answer is Gardevior. According to their Emerald Pokedex entry "It apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power." So in theory you could punt it an infinite distance if it let you.
41:00 arcus the god of pokemon he will just make all the pokemons
41:00 arcus the god of pokemon he will just make all the pokemons
The fact no one said vaperon for the Attracted to question is wild
Ah yes politics
I need to know where Captain Kidd got that shirt
6:18 what the fuck, I'm eating cinnamon toast as a snack while watching this video. 😐
The correct answer to “Which pokemon could you punt the furthest” is a split between rotom or Klefki. Not cause you want to kick them but you know when you drop your phone or keys and your instinct is to stick out your foot to catch them but instead you boot them across the room and they hit the lamp, the coffee table and the cat? Yeah.
I love cinnamon toast crunch
0:00 I feel like that’s a JoJo reference, but I can’t put my finger on it
How did no one pick Blipbug for the first one? That dude is basically living in a locker.
Gumshoos not being in the running for Jan 6th is staggering.
The correct answer to number 1 is actually Sunkern, because in its pokedex entry it’s noted that they sit still in order to evolve, but most of them just get eaten. Also I would be the one shoving Sunkern into a locker.
38:31 watch wolfey vgcs video on it. All Pokémon would beat a billion pyroar
chansey is the quintessential Disney adult pokemon. she brings her five kids
7:23 does Giwi know Tauros is Miltank’s male counterpart?
I am genuinely angry no one said blipbug would be shoved into a locker
Answer for who bullies Whismur should be Jaiden... We have video evidence in her nuzlock
Gumshoos is too obvious for the Jan 6th. That and Cronkeldurr
Ok, me and Captain Kidd have beef. Do not punt the baby!
I think realistically you can't fight even one Rattata. Legends kinda establishes that even the tiniest weakest Pokemon are still like ten times stronger than any person.
Minior wouldn't travel far either cuz it can freely float as it wants, it would get kicked like 2 feet then just stop in midair. Koffing too, that or it would pop and clear no distance. Joltik is too tiny, I feel it wouldn't travel very far with how light it is. Like a paper ball, y'know? It would go fast a few feet, but then lose momentum and fall to the ground. Pikachu is kinda the only one that would be kickable and still have the mass to maintain its momentum in the air.
here’s to hoping this gets lost in the comments: i immediately thought that landorus’s guilty pleasure was sounding
Unrelated, I kind of forgot what channel I was watching and expected the answers for landorus's guilty pleasure to be stuff like " He likes Cheetos and he eats them frequently bc he looks like a cheeto :)"
5:10 thats actually so good too because "fairy"is [usually offensive] slang for a feminine gay man 😭💀
HOW DID NO ONE SAY FARFETCHED FOR MIKU!!??!?
The Granbull answer to the question about the most closeted gay was INSPIRED imo. Too bad he didn’t get the point lol.
For the 1st question I say onix with a quick claw. By a jinx
About the 911 thing metang has a dex entry that states 'It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won’t leave a scratch.' So it most deffinatly stops 911
1: mr mime 2: scrafty 3: snorlax 4: slaking 5: deoxis 6: clefable 7: ditto 8: arceus (cheap answer) rayquaza 9: Jimmy buffett 10: the car accident. 11: giraffarig 12: bathroom product 13: tyrogue 14: tax fraud 15: voltorb- it 'splodes and launches on impact 16: 20
I love that they all picked project voltage mons for the miku question and only one of them did it knowingly
the pokemon that loves Miku is agronn because jaiden makes him watch her so he likes her now
What Pokemon would get into a fight in the Denny parking lot?  Me personally: Typhlosion, that mother fucker looks more trigger happy than Bakugou from My hero academia
Cinnamon Toast Crunch + Applin Jacks = The Perfect Pokémon Breakfast
no one said igglybuff for the punting one.
For players without a camera or vtuber setup, or maybe just for everyone in general, you should light up the square of whoever’s talking. It’s incredibly confusing trying to figure out who’s who at certain points.
I think Golem's biggest regret is taking agriculture classes, it's rock shell can be shed and turns into enriched soul to promote plant growth but the other rock and ground types look down on him because by allowing plants to grow bigger, he's essentially helping grass types which are one of the biggest weaknesses of rock and ground types
I wasn't hungry until Giwi mention Farfetchd would taste like duck
Loudred was the best answer of the whole quiz!
Did you know that Vaporeon is      one of the Pokémon of all time?
Void
How did no one say bouffalant for the one who would storm the capital? Did they never play Pokémon too many types? He is the Ohio republican type
I don't know why the Spiritomb crush question stuck with me so hard but I wanna answer it so badly;  Spiritomb to me is a very hateful guy, 108 vengeful spirits forced together for all eternity, and I could see them eventually getting a little celebrity crush on the perceived Hate King of their Generation; Darkrai.  Darkrai is cool, Darkrai is evil, Darkrai is trapping people in nightmares and slowing sucking away their life force like. That's everything Spiritomb wants to be. They wanna be a feared legend among the people, not just an anybody's Pokemon.  Darkrai does not feel the same btw. He's in a committed relationship with his beautiful girlfriend Cresselia and has put his dark past behind him.  My backup answer would be Dusknoir, the Reaper who may eventually come to take Spiritomb's many souls to the underworld where they supposedly belong.
use your thirty minutes of prep time before the rattata fight to buy thick leather clothing. Good luck knawing through this, you cancerous rodents!
Whalelord could be punted SO FAR. It's weight ratio outputs to being lighter than air, so it would gently bounce of your foot and the float out of the atmosphere.
33:00 First degree landslaughter.
Raquayza knocks meteors out of the sky, it can stop planes from hitting the world trade center. It's also probably the only one that would do it without harming civilians.
20:50 Portal loop. Fly out of one, fly into another leading back to the first one.
I would have said Mewtwo likes cinnamon toast crunch more, as in the manga it has an ENORMOUS spoon. Big spoon beats many spoon any day of the week.
Exploud would absolutely get into a fight at denny''s, not bacouse it's pissed off, but because someone else would want to fight it because it's loud and annoying.
*hypothetically*
Also Ryperior would have been at the capital- unesisarily kitted out in a vest even though they're not really good in battle. A total wanna be one man militia.
Wait wait wait, mankey gives off "has something to prove" vibes with no F's because they're still a minor.  Primape's vibes are the now adult that "would really like to fight but has to restrain themselves" and Anihilape is the dude in the slammer for acting on the impulses.
void just cause me. I would punt something that killed me during a nuzlocke. Fair
"what pokemeon would you make real" if Evolution allowed: Eevee if Evolution not allowed: Sylveon
16:41 WHY NO ONE SAID INCINEROAR?
How did no one say Blipbug for being shoved in a locker?
jaden you were so right abt miku i gave it 1 listen and it low key slaps
Mission Aquired: Give kantonian Golem a hug
8:07 I'm surprised noone mentioned Gastrodon (West Sea) here, they're literally racist towards the other Gastrodons and wear red (okay it's pink but close enough)
I know this will never be read but the most closetted gay pokemon is tandemouse because there Are 2 of them in the same gender
Personally, I think Gollum’s biggest regret as they can’t scratch any issues anymore. His arms are too short.
No no no, cosmeom is extremely dense and you would injure yourself
Landorus has a pet play fetish  THIS AND MORE
The punting is Meowth just look at it flying when they blast away
MORE POKÉMON GAMESHOW
"what pokemon to make real?" gamey answer: mew. let's get this ball rolling ancestor of all pokemon.
7:20 There is Gogoat milk in X & Y
physically I could kick a jigglypuff. but with emotional weight to it? gible. I will not elaborate.
In terms of the question of “Which Pokémon would you understand if someone, not saying you are, was attracted to them?”… *Lilligant*. That is all
11:41: the answer is me.
Golem regrets leaving the PC Box just to be used for explosion
7:27 bulls are all male... oh no giwi no!
“Who loves Hatsune Miku the most” and NOBODY said Sylveon?!
lmao so busy being a politically trained shill that you forgot to answer.
If I had a nickel for every time Jaiden hosted a weird Pokémon game show, I'd have two nickels. It's not a lot but it's weird that happened twice...
How did no one guess donphan for storming the capitol? His name is literally don fan and hes an elephant. The animal that represents republicans. I mean jesus christ that answer was right there.
IDK if this is a thing outside of the UK, but I say Crustle's crime is tax evasion, specifically stamp duty on the purchase of a home. They have the money to afford to buy, but they just found a home sized rock and buried themselves inside of it to avoid paying the duty. They live in a rock
I love how Giwi's stratagy became saying the most fucked up thing she can think of
I would probably fight all the rattatas
Weegee has such a good sales voice, everything he says is so convincing and charismatic
“Let your freak flag fr- fly” was that an Yvie Oddly reference?
So closet gay is 100% either meowscuerade or Gallade. I do not need to explain this. Also the I would get it Pokémon already exists, Gardevoir, Machoke, Lopunny, and ditto. If you don’t understand the last one, count yourself lucky. It does not pay to have weird friends… 😢
i love how cade’s, void’s and by proxy, kidd’s answers were kind of sad for golem and giwi’s was “he killed a man”
Cant belive they didnt call bouffalant when storming the capitoll. Guy was literaly there
14:29 the double mouse-mouse damily pokemon because Mickey and minnie
11:50 SYLVEON
8:29 COPERIAH
5:08 salazle... We all know why
Golem's biggest regret: losing his other 2 arms.  Seriously, what a downgrade.
Surprised nobody suggested Porygon, the computer generated Pokémon, as the Hatsune Miku fan.
It is cannon that magikarp is basically all skin and bone and there is no way to eat it
man i was really hoping that for he 9/11 question someone would say "well it wasnt duraludon ill tell you that"
Can we talk about how Captainkidd said magikarp but canonically Magikarp are the one Pokémon that is noted as being so inedible because they are legitimately scales and bones
The best part is that the Therian form is his DREAM form.  Its too fucking perfect.
I mean Kartana also kinda gives weeb vibes….so the locker is a home for them.
The trouble of kicking a minior   Is stupiddly small
2:42 okay correct answer time: Snorlax, and let me paint you a word picture for why.  Snorlax has awoken at 3am, and it was time for a denny's run. He arrives at the denny's, munchies in full effect. He lumbers towards the door, and is intercepted by an outgoing patron, similarly sleep deprived. An altercation ensues. Snorlax will not allow this poor individual to prevent him from entering the denny's for reasonably priced breakfast items in the dead of night. Snorlax will lay them out, leave them bleeding on the asphalt, and enter the denny's as if nothing of consequence has occurred.
36
6:15 Munchlax, the gator starters, guzzlord, so many good options here
Why did no one pick the trump pokemon
hearing jaiden curse makes me unreasonably happy
nobody said farfetch’d for miku💔
cant believe you got giwi and wigi
Crazy no one wanted to eat klefki
Ok so Crustle's true crime is lottering he does it in game letters in a road and blocks people's path!
When Void mentions Cubone being a bully to toughen up Whismur, all I can think of now is Cubone wants to toughen the others up because it views the world as a place that takes what you love most. It is trying to be a parent to the other pokemon, but not having one of its own all it knows is tough love, and now I can't stop crying.
New two wants to overthrow the government, but because he's a hardcore anarchist.
16:29 Meowscarada is definitely a baddie, Tsareena is also a baddie, they can get it
Why did no one go with mr.mime or mimejr for the first question
Having Weegee on a show where he has to come up with an answer and then argue it just isn't fair for everyone else, he wins every round in my heart
Missed opportunity to say Tinkaton for the 9/11 one because it is already known to hit metal birds put of the sky, and what is a plane if not a metal, inanimate bird.
No. Birds can not destroy plain  engines
Shoved in a locker: Mewtwo, that's why it got strong and hated humanity. Fight in Denny's parkinglot: Scrafty. Closeted gay: also Mewtwo, but I'm not sure why. Cinnamon toast crunch: Guzzlord. Come on, he just eat. Stormed the capitol: Braviary. Very much the most aggressive American. Hatsune Miku lover: Yeah, it's Meloetta Disney Adult: Sylveon. Hypothetically attracted to: Reuniclus. Someone said "smash", and I guess I kind of see it. 9/11 stopper: Celebi, which can go back to the peaceful time before the trouble.
15:56 Sudowoodo
captain kid is based
For the one where they storm the capitol is chesnaught to destroy crap
u lost me at the political shit, look forward to other videos soon
the most closetted gay is obvously blaziken, he's basically a raging top with toxic masculinity issues, drives a vintage mustang and works out all the time.
Vaporeon would still be my answer despite the negative points, it is my favorite pokemon and not because of the meme.
meowth would 100% be able to get punt the furthest. I mean have you seen how far he flies with team rocket?
How did nobody say Gumshoos for Jan. 6 😭
For storming the capitol... I mean, is Yungoos not obvious? Biggest Trump fan
Crustle would be a burglar.  He knows Shell Smash, which is "Hausbruch" in German, which could be re-translated to "breaking (into) a house".
Sobble is very lockerable
Golems biggest regret is getting Stuck in that Rock. (I hate autocorrect.)
youre asked what pokemon would bring to existence and you dont say ditto, you stupid i'm sorry hahahahha ditto is all the pokemon, all the people, all  objects, ditto is everything you want it to be. maybe youre a ditto and you dont know all hail ditto
Golems biggest regret was being unable to grow facial hair. He worked hard and finally achieved his goal through mega evolution. Only to discover it's only temporary, crushing his spirits once more.
Specific Valorant hahahahahahahah
"Who would bully Whismur?" The real answer is Jaiden, she murdered Hush Child in cold blood smh
"Cant fuck a turtle so it has to die" is stupidly funny lol
Even though I love the idea of a perish song trying to take out *all* ratatta's in the coliseum, I'd take it a step further with doing explosion. The logic behind that is simple. The initial wave would hear the perish song go off; however when it comes to the new wave coming in, they probably wont hear it as none have the hyper charged vocal cords for all to hear it go off. So to go completely scorched earth, let em dog pile into an explosion avp style and it'd take the new wave coming in with it.
For eating a pokemon im surprised noone said alcremie, the LITERAL CAKE
I just now realize Giwi's stomach is a mouth with sharp teeth and I cant look at it the same now
I'm just saying, if none of them have a 2 hit attack, they all lose to 1 FEAR.
So no one’s gonna point out farfetched is literally holding a leak? He’d LOVE Miku
i also thought jynx for disney adult, but mostly for their shared history of racist depictions.
Im not a demarcate or a republican but i think demarcates are more con-artists then republicans. Only because Demarcates spent the longest time pushing for segregation even joe Biden wanted to keep his kids out of schools with black kids . Demarcates did not change they just yell that the other Team was Racist so vote for us. Don't get me wrong nether are good but one just tricked a whole generation more then the other
Im not sure mewtwo would be the best answer just because he's to himself, he wants nothing to do with human beings, so why would it willingly go to the capitol?
42:45 "You're gonna have to fuck one of 'em" What is happening
Golem's biggest regret is the Pokemon Stadium gif of it just FULL ON SHARTING as an attack.
i yelled scraggy at the first question
21:40 objection! The other Pokemon did exist, we just hadn’t explored their regions yet. Arceus didn’t just come into existence when gen 4 came out—he’s literally pokemon God. And think about something like Legends Acreus, in which pokemon like dialga and braviary roamed long before the date of gen 1.
Who owns this channel? Is it a fan channel?
You can't die and haunt Rattatas sadly because then you would be a ghost type vs a normal type.
sleeping on mismagius here
:D
Palworld gameshow, but find the only 4 people you know who have not played it LOL
the most attracted to pokemon should have been mewtwo. he has human DNA (from dr fuji, i think it's a fan theory but it explains why someone would be attracted to it if it's widely believed to be part human), he can speak the human language and has high intelligence, capable to foster a bond giving it consent as he can actually communicate. he's the pokemon equivalent of a catgirl, taken literally. the most morally and ethically acceptable pokemon to be attracted to
"Espurr stays quiet", therefore he "gives school shooter vibes"...? That's a super fucked up thing to think. Pretty disgusting ngl
The Pokémon people would be attracted to should obviously be Gardevoir… fight me.
Leavanny is the you can understand why someone would smash. So it's a bug and like who wants to bang a bug. Well leavanny is anthropomorphic while having mommy energy. And as proven by Google search results mommy doms are the new rage these days.
For the final question, I'd say Mewtwo. Simply because being vegan I cannot bring myself to eat something that's incapable of consenting, and Mewtwo is plenty capable
how did no one say farfetch'd for the miku question :(
Giwi reflecting Mythical Kitchen Josh's answer
My audio processing disorder was NOT happy that there was two people with such similar names in this lol, I was constantly getting Giwi and Weegee confused whenever someone said their names
I would eat Alcreame
you know golem has no sauce because he looks like a dry-ass meatball
Skeledirge imo closeted, his other two starter besties are out and proud, and he’s just taking his time realizing himself. Meowscarada and Quaquaval are very accepting and just waiting for him to realize, and absolutely would throw a coming out party for him when he does
For which Pokémon would I make real, I’d pick Mew. That way every Pokémon can eventually be real.
Spiritomb has a crush on itself-.And not just one, but many. Spiritomb is made up of 108 souls and it contains a multitude of polycules.
Eating farfetched with its own leek is the literal origin and joke of farfetchd isnt it?
I would punt a jigglypuff without hesitation
Void's Golem answer genuinely made me cry
37:26 when did they add that like button effect to youtube, never seen it before
Two points I think were missed out on: 1) Spiritomb has a crush on ITSELF. There are 108 individual spirits in there. They've gotta stick together for a reason. CLEARLY they are the Pacific Northwest polycule of the Pokemon world. 2) Crustle CANONICALLY commits obstruction of justice by blocking your path to delay you stopping Team Plasma in B2/W2. No need to say more.
4:51 I think Swadloon would fit this criteria (although, as someone who is trans, they’d also fit closeted trans lol)
Not the bruxish
Incineroar was my answer for cinnamon toast crunch. Incineroar is a cat and cats love milk
Munchlax would be my pick for Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Crustle singing secret tunnel for each criminal he gets out
Jaiden's questions were very American
About the punting question, Void and Weegee would personally not get the point from me because is about distance, and their pokemon float, so the would just stop mid air and don't go far at all, I would say Kidd takes thats point because joltik is lighter
I really hate the way void stares at the camera. And his answers aren’t great
i was so surprised that nobody said mismagius for the spiritomb crush question! spiritomb knows that she's way out of his league, like the quiet kid crushing on the popular girl, but i think he'd muster up the courage to ask her out and they'd be so spooky together!
i was so surprised that nobody said mismagius for the spiritomb crush question! spiritomb knows that she's way out of his league, like the quiet kid crushing on the popular girl, but i think he'd muster up the courage to ask her out and they'd be so spooky together!
i love how all of the pokemon in the hatsune miku choices were all in the project voltage collab
36:12 bro plays smash bros and forgets that you can punt jigglepuff far of the coast of the universe
People thinking they could take one Ratatta and then the FEAR one appears 😆
Punting Tynamo would be easy. Smol, teardrop shape, light, and he floats ingame.
All I’m saying, Tentacruel isn’t stopping it
the 9/11 question has only one real answer and that is tentacruel BECAUSE they canonically caused 9/11 in the show
i think Tentacool could’ve stopped 9/11 by not evolving, as we all know, Tentacruel canonically causes 9/11, i rest my case.
15:55 I'm a bit disappointed nobody bullied Jaiden by saying Blaziken
Today I learnt that I relate extremely hard to Captain Kidd
Is hoopa an actual canon Pokemon
I'm surprised nobody said Porygon for Hatsune Miku fan
Weegee: that’s why Cynthia has good Pokémon, because they’re loyal  Jaiden: Vietnam flashbacks
Sad Wooper wasnt mentioned as miku fan. Wooper is prime miku fan. Like, he's just a silly guy. He has the color scheme with the blue and the salmon fins. He absolutely has a miku figure collection. I'm also biased because for a while in 8th grade doodling Wooper with Hatsune Miku features was my go to doodle when I had paper and pencil and was bored.
Primeape is a good answer but scraggy and scrafty are literally hoodlums theyre getting into fights
I absolutely agree Giwi about punting Pikachu. He is overrated and I am tired of seeing him as the mascot and representative for almost everything for Pokemon. I could definitely take some rage out on punting Pikachu.
Chat GPT actually supports Braviary
Crazy for the eating prompt NO ONE said sinistea or alcremie
nobody said Gumshoos for the capitol storming question :(
Jirachi, to wish the rest of them into existence
First question: sobble
I forgot how much I love weegee's humor omfg so chaotic and out of left field 😂 poor pasty whismur
golum killed other geodudes to form his shell!
Here's the list that i went with Likely to be shoved into Locker: Poochyena. Fight in Denny's parking Lot: Vigoroth Closet Gay: Kirlia Cinnamon toast crunch: Bidoof Storm the capital(?): Meowth Hatsune Miku Fan: Meloetta, so i lost a point. Secondary would be Victini Annoying Disney Adult: I literally have no idea so i'd be disqualified, I didn't understand if she meant an irl adult or an adult in a disney movie. A pokemon that I can understand if they were attracted to: for me, definitely Latias. A pokemon that could have stopped 9/11: Again, Blank space head empty Pokemon i could punt the farthest: Sunkern or Wishiwashi  Jaden Hates Vaporeon now, good to know.
playing along at home and i have to agree - i could absolutely send Joltik with a well-placed kick
I’d say who would like the Cinnamon Toast Crunch would be munchlax
Giwis answer for spiritomb was great, theyre already the spirit of 108 people, every relationship theyre in is poly
NO ONE SAID FARFETCHE AS A HATSUNE MIKU FAN
Crustle would commit highway robbery. Disguise himself as a rock on the road, making people stop their car, and then just rob em blind
They talk about who eats cinnamon toast crunch and no one mentions my sleepy man Snorlax
did I hear Jacob at 42:18?
Who I would’ve picked:  Locker: Dennys Fight: In The Closet: Granbull and Quaxwell Cinnamon Toast Crunch: Yamper Capitol: Mewtwo Miku: Disney Adult: Greedant Attractive: Stop The Tragedy: Jigglypuff Landourus: Golem’s Regret: No facial hair Spiritomb’s Crush: Cynthia for the meme, Mimikyu for the love story, and Cofigrigus and Gothitelle Tynamo’s Show And Tell: His dad (because my answer before i heard his was His Mum)
My answers  -Locker:  -Dennys Fight: -In the closet: Charizard, he loves men but can’t say it because he may lose fans 😔 -Cinnamon Toast Crunch: Yamper (Edit: WHAT THE HELL. VOID IS SUCH A COPYCAT WHAT ON EARTH ARE THE CHANCES) -Capitol: Oshawott, listen. -Miku: Tinkaton. She is an EXCLUSIVE Miku listening and thinks she’s a queen -Disney Adult: N/A (but i agree with greedant) -Attractive: Milotic? Chose after serpirior, idk she’s just pretty ig?? -Stop The Tradgedy: Braveiery (WHAT i was halfway through typing this when he said it) anyways “BRAVE”iery -Landourus: N/A -Golems Regret: N/A -Spiritomb’s Regret: Lunala -Tynamo: His mum (what.)
personally i think crustle would be a grave robber. steal them bones to nibble on and use to make its shell harder.
How dare void attack me like that. He dosnt even know me
Which pokemon could you punt the furthest? Obviously spoink, the spring adds some extra power
No idea what that whole storm the capital thing was
Sobble line all being shoved in locker
25:11 In defense of Golem, I did beat the ORAS Elite Four with a Golem
This gameshow was a banger, definitely wanna see more. Maybe a rhythm heaven or cooking mama gameshow if you could make those work lol
But I liked Captain Kidd’s Hoopa answer! The problem with the hijacking is that the passengers were helpless once the terrorists were barricaded in the cockpit with the pilots.  But once the plane is crash-landed somewhere with no explosion, the terrorists didn’t have backup equipment for fending off an entire plane full of people that will get them! It’s just a waiting game for the passengers and flight attendants to serve justice, on or off the plane!
The fact neither braviary or Gumshoos were mentioned on the capitol riots question is amazing.
Can’t believe no one would push either Blipbug or Dottler into a locker; they literally have nerd glasses and such
I would want to agree with Giwi on Mewtwo storming the Capitol on the Day of Infamy, mainly because Mewtwo is suppose to be the bad guy. A villainous Pokémon!  However! If I had the option to choose a Pokémon that I would make real, it’d be Piplup. I’ll name it TCNick3, show him to the Party Crashers, and say, “HEY GUYS! LOOK! IT’S TCNICK3!!!”
37:28 When Kidd said "See how far you can punt the like button", the like button lit up in rainbow colors, it startled me big time.
Bro no one said ditto
For the punting one, the true answer is un-objectively igglybuff. Light, round, soft and according to the Pokedex if it bounces into something, it isn't going to stop.
Joltik absolutely would go flying if you punted it. It's really heavy for its size, not a lot of wind resistance, that weight is gonna carry it at whatever speed it starts at for longer
The pokemon to stop 9/11 : Meltan because he eats all the metal quickly and then boom! No more airplane lol
Bull milk.....Tarus is the Male to Miltank you can milk them for sure to bad they have one utter only. Giwi why
I'm only on question 3, but Mr. Mime is obviously the answer for all of these.
Igglybuff is the correct answer for the punting question. Its pokedex says that once it starts bounceing it never stops, meaning if i punt it will go in that direction forever
Never noticed the black ripped tights of mega lopunny til now Wow Just,  What? When did that even become a thing? I played a bunch of XY and ORAS
Yes milk that Taurus even though they can only be male
My God I also thought of primeape he would be like why is my banana pancakes late why are they burnt imma fight the pokemon who made this but little did he know grimmsnarl was part fairy with the signature move spirit break
Bull milk? Yum
What about tandimouse
For the 9/11 question, I had an interesting thought. Gigantamax Duraladon. Think about it, he’s literally a sentient skyscraper. So they take out the planes as towers. Makes sense to me
For the question about the capital, I was thinking Electrode, after all, as he’d explode, he’d probably yell, “LEGALIZE NUCLEAR BOMBS!!!”
weegee calm down
7:30 in the pokemon anime it actually mentions that people milk gogoat and (possibly) skidoo
Landorous' guilty pleasure is absolutely Thunderous without a doubt
Giwi deserved to win. She had the best answers overall.
For me 1000000000000000000000000000
19:08 G-max Duraludon.
The most closeted gay Pokémon is Whismur and I don't know why
To the "what pokemon could you punch the farthest", if it was specifically Weegee doing the punch, it's definitely whismur (I'm also surprised no one used Super effective type logic, like try doing a x2 mach punch into a whismur)
The correct answer for Edible Pokemon, as explained by Brian David Gilbert, is Togepi. It's an egg. Fry it, hard boil it, scraþble it, make it into an omelette.
Captain Kidd's answer for the Whismurr question is just that meme, "I'm sorry coach I-" *Loudred used Hyper Voice*
The objectively correct answer to "Which Pokémon could you punt the farthest" is Igglybuff. As some might know, if Igglybuff starts bouncing, it will  *n e v e r*  stop. I don't think there's a distance larger than infinity.
Igglybuff canonically gains momentum the more it bounces, so once solid kick, that little guy is FLYING.   Most puntable Pokemon.
I love the way Weegee thinks I never would’ve thought about Granbul’s typing being a closetted gay or Mr. Mime’s dex entry
Not sure what gender this counts as, but a male Gardevoir, especially before Gallade came out. Not sure if this counts as "closetted".
I think for crustle he would steal sand from beaches  Edit: there was a sand mafia that was going around stealing sand from beaches.
8:45 When he said “heart problems,” I thought “Spoink?” I was not expecting Likatung.
37:20 Koffing would literally make the dodgeball sound effect
I think I wood pick zooura to be real
*My Answers Without Justification* Bullied: Patrat Dennys fighter: Amoongus Closeted: Bisharp Likes Cinnamon Toast: Ralts Stormed: Staraptor Miku: Spheal Disney Adult: Galarian Ninetales I would get it…: Thundurus Could have stopped 9/11: That mind control mon from the Sword/Shield DLC.  Guilty Pleasure: Pet Play Biggest Regret: He killed that indiana jones actor at Disney Spiritomb: Dusclops
16:03 i have no shame in this, all i will say is, sylveon can do whatever it wants to me with those ribbons, male or female, i welcome both, no i wont be taking or answering questions at this time or ever
Jaiden: lion crucification Also jaiden: what Pokemon can stop 9/11 I love these completely out of pocket things she says lmfao
Mewtwo at the capital
arceus could stop 9/11 by being god and eturnatus could stop it by turning it into the darkest day instead
bro ogerpon would be fighting the parking lot, not any living being, but the parking lot itself
“Taurus we could probably milk. Who really in the real world do we see eating CTC with bull milk.” None. Bulls are male… Bulls are male cows…
dudes acting like they can take on any amount of any animal is the most twitter thing ever lol
Team Rocket's Meowth is the most puntable Pokémon hands down, he gonna fly to the goddamn moon
I feel like, copypasta aside, making vaporeon real would be hard for the vaporeon; they need both a yard to run around in and a pool/pond thing to swim in to stay healthy. It's a shame because they're cutie widdle babies that deserve scritches and love and bodyguards willing to employ lethal force to keep them safe
I really think Joltik would fly the farthest because it is small yet dense enough to not be slowed down by aerial density. Good answer, godd answer...
I can't believe no one mentioned Vanillite or Alcremie for the Pokemon to eat question!
37:25 how come the like button lights up when you say to like it? That's pretty cool
Minor was the best one imo
ICANT the double point deduction. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I will say the copypasta has been ingrained in everyone's heads. ANYWAY, I'd like to see more of this gameshow.  However, for the MFK segment alike to the rule for point deductions for answering with the same pokemon as another contestant,  I would suggest a reroll due to Rowlett appearing twice.  I dunno what it is about Flygon but I want Flygon to be real but its ice weakness is nerfed by 50%.
Dialga on 9/11: Sorry bro, it's a canon event.
“Who bullies Whismur” YOU JAIDEN, YOU MADE IT GET HIGH JUMP KICKED IN YOUR NUZLOCK!
For Question 3 I say and hear me out…Meowth and not just any Meowth Team Rocket Meowth
21:53 Hear me out: idol anime. Landorus wants so badly to be cool and manly. He wishes he could watch exclusively shonen and listen to exclusively metal and rap, he really does. But at the end of the day, he cannot resist the allure of cute girls and sugary J-pop. He's a Love Live fan, he's played Idolm@ster, he probably watched Ya Boy Kongming and loved every second of it - and he will never, ever admit it.
CELEBI COULD STOP 9/11 VIA TIME TRAVEL
I would love to have a Dachsbun in real life. What's there not to love about a dog made of bread?
Crustle would definitely commit stalking. He's already got the natural camoflauge for it, and just look at those eyes
1. Bidoof, listen to that name, of course he's getting bullied. 2. Bidoof, when I see that mf it's ON SIGHT and I just kick him into the atmosphere 3. Bidoof. 4. Bidoof likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch but LOVES Cornflakes 5. Bidoof, cause he owns a gun.  6. Bidoof has a Miku body pillow 7. Bidoof is only subscribed to Disney Plus 8. ...Not Bidoof 9. Bidoof is the Mark Wahlberg of Pokemon 10. Bidoof :)  11. Not killing Bidoof when he had the chance 12. Bibarel 13. A skinned Bidoof 14. Bidoof hates this guy so much cause he's cooler than him 15. Tax fraud  16.  See Answer #2 17. 0 I'm a coward 18. Bidoof so I could eat it 19. Fuck Bidoof, Marry Bidoof, Kill Bidoof.  20. Answer #18
I don’t think anyone can beat any amount of rattatas, fin one simple reason, fear strats
poor golem
dissing my man wimpod bets ya in a locker i am not joking you have been warned dont do it ever again
I feel like you could easily manipulate Groudon to storm the capital, all you'd have to do is be like ayo the oceans are rising and he would take that as the signal for another turf war
Every Pokemon will get in a fight everywhere except the poke center.
There are 152 Pokemon.
27:45 i literally thought "Cynthia" when the question was asked lol
11:39 im offended that nobody said Farfetch'd
Munchlax was SO SLEPT ON!
Maybe I’m wrong about this, but I think y’all are way overestimating how many Rattata you can take. Rattata weigh 3.5 kilos (appx 8 lbs) each. Even 100 Rattata would weigh 350kg. Which is like, 6 people. And they have very sharp dangerous teeth. All it would take is like, one of them to get to your eyes and you’re toast. I personally don’t think any human could take 50. I’d give myself like, 10 Rattata.
The answer is Jigglypuff according to the Pokédex once it starts bouncing it will never stop. What is a punt the forceful bouncing of something
15:55             deoxys
I'm late to this game, but I'm kinda surprised no one said Gyarados for "fighting in a Denny's parking lot"
I am surpriced No one said igglybuff
Why did no one said alacreamie
Is it messed up that the Pokémon that I thought would prevent 9/11 was G-Max Duraludon? Instead of straight out moving the planes off course, it would be a decoy or a large obstacle that can tank the hit. Sure most dynamaxed Pokémon have a chance, but if the mega forms could be featured, why not other gimmick forms?
I can't believe no one said "Ditto" for the "if someone were attracted to a pokemon" question
19:07 the only correct answer is our lord and savior buzswole
Honestly, I think I would say Togekiss for the Spiritomb question. There's shared experience with Cynthia's team, so they likely know each other, and I could see it being one of those dynamics where the aggressive, rough menace is humbled and then opens up a bit due to the optimistic, empathetic, and caring nature of another or something.   But, who knows, hardly know Pokémon anyways.
about the milk question, Tauros is 100% male. Do not drink their "milk".
Idk why…but I didn’t enjoy watching this
I might one-day update this list with things I liked but that would take a long time.  1:38 Espurr is capable of pulverizing the building with its brain and is *always* using its mind to hold its power back, no one would bully anyone within 3-room-range out of fear, Espurr is literally _the quiet kid._  9:30 Missing the whole-point of Mewtwo. 11:29 This makes more sense.  28:25 108 *Evil* souls. Spiritomb is pretty much the only pokémon where they go out of their way to tell you that it is evil.  35:52 'Its not about it making sense.' 35:54 Ever tried to toss or kick a balloon, it does not do much, now imagine that the balloon is constantly doing chemical-warfare.  36:25 Joltik clings to whatever it touches, you would probably end up with _negative_ distance.  37:34 If someone answers more than 1 then they are being optimistic, more than 5 is ignorant, and more than 10 is comedic. 38:51 Rattata can *cut* through hardwood, not _chew_ or _gnaw,_ *cut.* 38:57 They have a hardy vitality. 39:37 Why is this guy here? He should go be a superhero.
“Marry, Kill, FUCK?” That’s some interesting choices for an aroace
7:17 gardavwar
I'd agree with Captain Kidd on the punting, and it's even better because he didn't realize that it's 4 inches tall. That thing is prime punting material
Does giwi know that tauros is exclusively male? I don't think i want to know what part she's milking.
7:00 MandJTV will remember that
weege aint even shown
I feel like #1 is probably metapod.
Jaiden, it would be so funny if you hosted a trivia show on Fossil Fighters with friends who know nothing about Fossil Fighters
3:05 lycanrock midnight form, Look at it and you'd know why
Real ones know Ferrothorn was at the capitol january 6th
Guys, where do you think the move "Milk Drink" comes from? You could probably milk a goddamn Skiddo!
All four of the miku pokemon are part of the voltage project!
quaxel well isnt closeted he just theater kid
Bro hear me out! I just want that mf that will be singing "Yo I'm da biggest bird!" cause I'ma fry that mother fliping chicken! And I want my unique meal to be the most celestial thang! So what is the best celestial chicken that you can eat?!... Exactly! I'MA EAT A WHOLE FLIPING *HO-OH!!* I'ma eat the most blessed fryied chicken of my life!! Who's with me?
Bruh why nobody suggested Gumshoos for Jan 6th?
Must be recency bias from the dlc, but the first Pokémon I thought of for milk was Milcery... the living drop of milk.  Similarly, for eating a Pokémon, you said no grass types, but all the Pokémon made of actual food were allowed, so I'd choose Alcremie, the flavoured whipped cream Pokémon. 😂
A good plan until void realizes that normal type are immune to ghost type and is ignored by his attackers! XD
25 Rattata
You cant eat magikarp.
I can't believe no one said farfetch'd for hatsune miku
In the OG pokemon anime they said Magikarp can't be eaten, it's all bone/no meat!
I watched someone beat steven stone with a level 5(?) Rattata. Im not taking any chances here, 0
1) Bear with me, but Scraggy.  He's an awkward kid who puts on a false aggressive bravado to disguise his insecurities, but it doesn't work and he's stuffed into lockers anyway.  When he evolves into Scrafty he'll be the locker-stuffer, but until then, he's the stuffee. 2) Scraggy again, or perhaps better Scrafty.  Just look at him, he's ready for a fight outside, inside, on the roof of, any restaurant, Denny's or otherwise. 3) Throh, for all the same reasons as Machamp, but also all those workouts and locker rooms and…he doesn't want to think about it but can't stop, so he ignores it, for now. 4) Oh no, I have the best answer for the saddest reason: Panpour.  Cinnamon Toast Crunch is marketed as having "the taste you can see", and Panpour is based on the "see no evil" monkey, so he loves tasting the cereal so he can imagine what the taste must look like, per the tagline, because that's the only way he'd be able to see anything because he's blind.  And now I'm sad. 5) I could've gone for 'Murica's Braviary, but in the end it was Bouffalant, who is literally the Q-Anon Shaman, or at least the thing he skinned to get his costume.  (Got a lot of Gen 5 answers, don't I?) 6) When this Pokémon was little, it was stuck in a frozen cave for months on end because it was genetically condemned to be chronically sick literally all the time, and had nothing of the outside world to be happy about, except for one digital idol's heartlifting music, and that Pokémon is Cubchoo.  Also, its snot drop reminds it of her hair. 7) Any/All of the Forces of Nature genies, because they have their arms sternly crossed (or Enamorus' hands on her hips) to tell you that, no, they know the best way for you to have fun, and won't hear otherwise.  Plus, their clouds are designed to whisk you around on their schedule, and their tails are there to push other guests out of the way, because our fun matters, theirs doesn't. 8) *cough*cough*Braix-lop-cari-roar—I mean, what?  I'm actually gonna take the left field approach and say Cryogonal, the Pokémon famous only for learning Attract but being unable to use it successfully, and I could see someone being sympathetic to its plight and wishing to help it out a bit.  Definitely no other reason. 9) Who would have had the ability to realize such a disaster was going to happen (like Absol) and then be able to stop a giant jetliner airplane at full speed (like Rayquaza), and the answer is (Mega) Metagross (hey, first non-Gen 5 'mon!), the living supercomputer with four brains that can fly and has metal claws on at least four strong arms, plus psychic powers to immobilize the terrorists in the plane to prevent them harming anyone along the way. 10) Other than wrecking the metagame for ages?  Right, that's not a secret, um…I got nothing for this, so I'm just gonna say dressing up as Santa for the kids at Christmas. 11) Let's see…being talked into being a Ground type as well as Rock…losing its second pair of arms upon evolving…no, Golem's biggest regret is being a trade evolution, which almost guarantees that no one's going to bother using it, leaving it to wither in obscurity forever. 12) Spiritomb has a crush on the player, but they're nervous about it, being made of 108 spirits with 108 different worries about what the player will think about them and what they are, that's why they put such a long, convoluted requirement in front of the player managing to meet them, but as time goes on in different games, it becomes steadily easier to find and catch a Spiritomb as the Pokémon slowly gets more comfortable with the idea of being near the player and just maybe being accepted for what they are. 13) Tynamo would bring a Yellow Shard, representing its Electric type, and also being one of the only things small enough for it to pick up and carry with its tiny nub mouth, but it would be so proud of its Yellow Shard you'd think it was an Electrium Z or a Mega Stone, and you couldn't help but smile. 14) ("Uh-oh, it's gonna do a Hi Jump Kick.  I can take it out, but I'll need a clean switch first…"—I mean, what?)  Whismur is bullied by the Scrafty from answer 1, who had become hurt and cold from being stuffed into lockers that he found an easy target to take out his frustration, but may secretly wish Whismur begins fighting back to grow stronger like he hadn't been able to, and when Whismur becomes Loudred, it not only fights back, it encourages others to stand up for themselves instead of becoming the new bully, and Scrafty fades into the background to emerge later, a bit older, a bit more mature, and hoping to never again repeat the mistakes of his past. 15) It's obvious, but Crustle is a smuggler.  He's well-defended so he won't lose his stash, but he's also slow enough so as not to be an obvious suspect for the cops, so while they're chasing down the blockade-running Sharpedo sea lanes, Crustle is taking maybe a bit longer with the shipment but it gets there every time, as repeat customers will well know. 16) The easiest Pokémon to punt would be Igglybuff, because it's a good round target, according to the Dex it will never stop bouncing once it starts so there's almost no limit to how far it could go, and I absolutely "'What would you do, if there was a child right in front of you?'—nyyoooom, bsshhh!" 17) Me?  One, because as soon as there's multiple Rattata to double team me, I'm losing track of something and falling behind in the melee, and you've gotta remember those guys have Quick Attack to hit you first and Hyper Fang to flinch you, the more times they hit the likelier you can't fight back, especially if the first one gets you with Super Fang to start, all of which usually come at low enough levels to definitely have while still Rattata. 18) I'm an environmentally conscious person, so I'd make Galarian Weezing real and put it to work cleaning all our pollutants out of the air, plus probably bringing on a new smokestack top hat fashion trend that I'd be poised to capitalize on, not by selling them, but by investing in the companies that will sell them, then cashing out before the market swings back to normal.  Dubious section ahead: 19) Kill the stabby Poison Toxicroak because I like staying healthy.  I don't wanna see Bunnelby evolve, so I'd let it use its ears before getting set up with Rowlet, letting me eventually be married to the awesome Decidueye. 20) Marry Scorbunny to have Cinderace long-term, so once with Simipour who's blind and won't remember me anyway, and kill Grumpig because no one likes that guy. 21) Killing Hoopa Unbound because I don't like facial hair and can't stand destructively chaotic people in real life.  I guess I could go for Ash-Greninja, because marrying Rhyhorn would give me a free substitute for a car that also doesn't need gasoline or auto insurance. 22) Same for Rowlet as before, but Tirtouga would just be a date where I cling to its shell as it swims me around a reef.  And kill Sunkern, I guess. 23) Eat a Pokémon (no Grass)?  I don't like meat, so the obvious choices are the likes of Vanilluxe, Alcremie, Dachsbun, Polteageist, and Swirlix, but there are much better ice cream flavors than vanilla, I like cake but not whipped cream, and I don't drink tea, so it's between Dachsbun if it's a sweet bread, as plain bread alone is hit-and-miss, or Swirlix otherwise, because cotton candy is always good.
Nobody said alcreme for the eating a Pokémon. It’s the number 1 answer!
I'm amazed that Conkledurr didn't come up in the storming the capital question, homie looks like a barricades worst nightmare.  Also Rotom in the one about Hatsune Miku, ya know homie downloaded a bunch of music videos onto the pokedex it lives in.
No one thought to bring forth pokemon GOD so all pokemon become a reality, eh? Small minds for small answers one supposes...
I was so upset no one said Darkrai for Spiritomb's crush because Spiritomb would absolutely see this nightmare god with an hourglass figure that kinda looks like a pokemon grim reaper and hide in his little stone because he's so flustered. It would be 100% unreciprocated because I don't think Darkrai loves anything except maybe the random 10 year old from Twinleaf town that gives him Poffins
I have a pretty good guess for most closeted gay Pokemon and was proud of it: Poliwrath. Between Poliwhirl and Poliwrath, the only difference is he gets buff, becomes a fighting type and gets angry. He evolved from Poliwhirl when he had his first gay thoughts, buried them deep down, started working out and got super aggro to everyone. Politoed is when a Poliwhirl embraces the gay thoughts.
the pokemon that likes hatsune miku is absolutely lapras. its literally a pokemon that sings and comforts people. and alternative is flygon, the desert song
Jaiden really said, "Tying it all up is dumb, and cause I don't like you-"
13:10 i'm sorry but as a linguist i can't help but get irrationally infuriated by this :D  wtf is "add-in fin item" ??? addin'finna'tem??? do you mean the phonetically pronounced "ad infninitum" ? It's latin, people, it's just so weird hearing it americanized. Like, imagine hearing someone ask for "gel-lap-in-o" on their pizza. Or calling the imbecillic two-party system in USA "dem-oh-cratts against ree-pube-lycans" :D yes, it feels that weird
Captain kidd getting to enjoy a gameshow for once after all of Noah's torture lmao
Malamar would be my option for that one question. In the anime, he literally is inciting rebellion among pokemon. He even puts Meowth from Team Rocket under control so the humans can hear his demands!
So according to the lore, Whismur is bullied by their older sibling Loudred, who then evolves to become a Loudred themselves and becomes an obnoxious Disney adult and bully of other Whismur in the house, and then as Exploud they grow up to storm the capitol.
VAPOREON IS A COMPLETELY VALID ANSWER!!!! if it were I, I would have chosen vaporeon or leafeon to bring into reality, leafeon to share my joy in growing crops, eating berries, sunbathing, etc... and vaporeon to water the plants for me, water fights, pranks, and a good time on the beach!
i know how to get golem in my pokemon emerald save without mods or trading... glitzer popping.
The pokemon to get pushed into a locker is obviously Klefki!!!
the dashing green snake also has two pe-
Do a do you know your friends game show
"These Pokémon didn't exist in 2001."  1. Dialga. Aka Time Pony. He is 2001 and every other year.  2. If you want to get technical, after all these years, Ash is still 10. Not even a year has passed. They're still in the 1990's. They have time.
15:55 I'm shocked that nobody said Ditto lol.  Literally the pokemon that was made for breeding. Also, it can transform into anyone- or thing- that you'd like.
For the "What Pokemon can you punt the furthest?" question, my answer is Igglybuff. His dex entries: Scarlet	Its body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop. Silver	Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere. Gold	It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop. FireRed	Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere.  LeafGreen	It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop. Diamond Pearl                It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop. Platinum Black White	It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop. Y	It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop. You get the point. The dex entries are filled with "It bounces once and it bounces forever." I think I can punt it to the moon and back.
16:00 I'm surprised no one said Salazzle and Gardevoir. I mean, I guess it would be obvious. But still.
4:25 Why no one answered male gardevoir? Its literally a femboy
41:20 Sableye because he is my boy.
Chewtle definitely gets shoved into a locker
Which pokemon would be Disney adult TANDEMAUS WAS RIGHT THERE
11:30  You guys suck for not even crossing your mind that Gumshoos exist lol
Landorus' guilty pleasure is using your furniture as a scratching post. And this is a better answer than Giwi's because the Kami trio, in their Therian Forms, are based on the Four Symbols, with Landorus representing the White Tiger of the West, Byakko, while Thundurus represents Seiryu, the Azure Dragon of the East; Tornadus is Suzaku, the Vermillion Bird of the South, and Enamorus is the Black Tortoise of the North, Genbu. Of course, none of them actually _look_ like the beings they're supposed to represent, but I'm pretty sure it was confirmed by GF. So, yeah, Lando-T is a tiger, tigers are just very big cats, therefore it would like to use everything as a scratching post, but it's a guilty pleasure because it knows it's not supposed to do it.
The correct answer on Rattatas is zero. They have so much move variety and would murder you
7:15 Actually, I think the Hex Lady in gen 7
0:24 Dunsparce, for sure. 2:45 Scrafty, without a doubt. 4:26 Machoke. He wants to choke out his fellow Machoke, but is too bro to do it. Wait no; Sobble. Sobble for sure. 6:13 Lickitung. No Contest. 8:07 Ooh, a SPICY one. Morgrem is my vote. 11:39 Kirlia. 13:29 Swanna. 16:00 Loppuny and Gardevoir are the obvious choices, so I'm gonna say Machoke. 19:05 Rayquaza, for sure.
The fact that no one thought of my boy Vigoroth for the Denny's lot fight question makes me sad. You know he's gonna see a Seviper and wanna wreck that shit.
27:34 oh my gosh I literally said “Cynthia” right before Weegee did! 😂
I thought Mr mime, but just cuz he is Ash's father and 100% a republican like lots of 10 yo's fathers
Oranguru gives real Elton john vibes
I would like to give Jaiden 1 Point just for protecting the poor Vaporeon.^^
This is very rewatchable
if we count tms this mf learns blizzard, thunder, iron tail and shadow ball. im not fighting shit
I like to put in my one cent for rotom in the hatsune miku section   Possessing electronics just to listen to the queen herself, haunted houses have never been better with world is mine playing inside
Weegee
I would love to be a contestant on a gameshow similar to this
Golems biggest regret is evolving and losing his 4 arms
I think Spiritomb and Mimikyu would make the best couple in the Pokémon world
You can't tell me Seviper and Zangoos wouldn't throw it down in the Dennys parking lot! And Ash's Greninja would be loyal af because its legit made from friendship! Instant marry for Ash's Greninja
The pokemon that someone might think is hot question, my personal answer is Mewtwo but I'm surprised nobody said Tsareena or Wiglett.
Drizzile would 100% be shoved into a locker
Ratticate would be most likely get in a fight in a Denny’s parking lot. Boy is tweaking and ready to start shit.
No not crustle
I'd make Jirachi real and wish for all Pokémon to be real. I'd also eat a Vanilluxe. Just saying.
60 rattatatas. They could make up like two other humans, which, if they were smart enough, i wouldn’t be able to beat
What poke would be in a fight in Denny's parking lot why did no one say snorlaxs
for Hatsune Miku I thought of Sirfetched because of his leek and Miku holds a leek.
R.I.P.
Really great editing on this
9:52 I'm subbed to Flashgitz & they put out a cartoon where a Mr. Mime working alongside Detective Pikachu was secretly the criminal mastermind, so Weegee's opinion tracks so unbelievably hard
I wldve eaten Vanillite tbh. Cmon its ice cream.
I freaking LOVED this gameshow and I legit wanna do this in voice chat with my pals.
"Cooking a Farfetch'd with its own leek, the disrespect!" -- actually!! That's its entire design :D Someone explained to me once, that it's a Japanese saying that it _is_ far-fetched that a duck would walk up to you carrying a leek -- or something along those lines. Because indeed, your food would be coming up to you carrying its own seasoning. And so... Farfetch'd was born :')
Absolutely hysterical. Thank you for this >:D I'm so happy my favourite Pokémon Dialga made it into one of the answers!
I'll let you know it is now at 35 results
I'm honestly surprised they didn't say sobble gets put into lockers. It looks like it's crying all the time, it's Evo is emo, and it's final form is a sniper.
The only Mon worth bringing into the real world is Victini because they can generate endless energy and are immortal (i think)
ESPER IS NOT A SCHOOL SHOOTER HES LLLLLITERALY THE AUTISM CREATURE
The Vaporeon answer is also wrong because the best pick is Eevee, since making that real gives access to having the largest number of distinct evolutions and Pokemon elemental types available in the real world. Plus, Eeveelutions tend to not have outright physics breaking Pokedex entries, so they'd fit in pretty well. As someone who's eternally undecided on my favorite Pokemon, verity that can work well together with the ecosystem and civilization and not end the world is a huge benefit to myself and the most other people.
My choice for closet-gay pokemon: Machoke. He's still trying desperately to tell everyone he's an "Alpha", and that he's on "Dat Grindset", but he complains about women on the internet a lot, and spends a lot of time helping other guys build muscles.... personally.   Machamp is owning it at that point. XD
I somehow fell asleep to this video
I'm so happy about the background music ❤
fun one
I swear, the moment Jaiden was on guest grumps 2 years ago, her PG-ness has been shedding off of her, this is the end result
14:29. That's just Paging Mr. Morrow, a Disney youtuber my parents love and I cannot stand in the slightest.
Furthest puntable pokemon has to be igglybuff - based on terminal montages video and Dex entry (once it stops bouncing it cannot stop)
The crustle hustle
The fact that no one mentioned hopip during the punting question upsets me. The pokemon custom built to get blown away by the wind seems like the objectively furthest thing you could punt.
Punting a Joltik would probably get you unalived by Subway Boss Emmet. Bare-handed. No Pokémon battle ahead of time.
Do another game show with youtubers instead of pokemon with same style of questions
as a Joltik fan, I think I can punt Captain Kidd pretty far
asking cade how many of an animal he can fight is a scary question knowing what he's done to a giraffe
Not gonna lie Combusken would be the one to be shoved into a locker
who else saw ra ta tas instead of ratatada
this was so fun to watch!
31:29 - Sylveon wouldn't!  Neither would Clefairy. ;-;
Oh man the SLANDER on Mewtwo and Mr Mime, absolute SLANDER lmaooo especially w/ that nickname for that one Mr Mime w/ the anti-nazi implications!!
I can never look at Pokémon the same way again…and I’m totally better off for it!
Okay but are we not going to talk about how Latios DID 9/11? Go back and watch the footage, Latios DEFINITELY hit the North Tower
I feel Maushold would be the most disney "adult" pokemon as I feel the mouse parents are so loving and kind that they'd certainly take their young to disney even if it means they must bear being called a "disney adult" pokemon since the family is a singular pokemon
Objection! 21:41 braviary has a hisui form! True legends was released in 2022, HOWEVER, Jaden only stats could stop 9/11! Not could stop the REAL WORLD 9/11, and when was legends arceus set? IN THE POKEMON GAMES PAST! Who appears in Legends access implying their unovan counter part?  BRAVIARY! (And also origin dialga but who cares) I REST MY CASE
Void easily the most hype part of this new channel
Golem's biggest regret is letting his old trainer trade him away.
no the one who raided the capitol was scrafty no question asked, he is canonically american
this video gives me new headcanons for like all the pokemon featured and it makes me happy
Just imagine Wobbuffet with a MAGA hat storming the capitol. He's already saluting the American flag
i would make mawile real and i think sableye would be spiritomb's crush same typeing
the one at the capitol  would be gumshoos.  He looks exactly like a certain someone
Hot take: Cinnamon toast crunch taste better on it's own without milk
spinda is a big big hatsune miku fan
aggron is aggressive, he will fight at denny's
Golems biggest regret is that his arms are too short to wipe
43:09 - 44:35  And no points given I feel like everyone should gets points
41:31 - 43:07 Again No points given i feel Void should get points since is ideal for me
40:50- 41:30 Since this isn’t given points I think CaptainKidd was great and ideal for me
The 9/11 questions did not answer for how to stop the plane WITHOUT any hostage died
If this comment get 1M I will tell how many artist and animators had post Bruxfish and Serpion in e621  (I’m sure no one will not even EVERYONE will like this comment for this information )
I feel like people should say Pokémon they/them (for something like this) since we don’t know what gender they are
Void wins the punting question. No one took into account that Koffing can float. Void would kick it with such malice and it would inflict so much fear that Koffing will float as far away from Void as possible until it falls asleep from exhaustion, finally resting on the ground
The best answer for the make a pokemon real question is arceus bc arceus
I feel like a good one for Disney adults would be maushold. They’d be the annoying tourist family going around ruining people’s days
Isnt weegee the the guy that just stole word for word the blue yeti video way back?
I am a WILDCARD Jester of Chaos so this channel is really Fun for me
Answer to the first question definitely should have been Ralts.
".., Snakes are known for vore,-" *GIWI IN ABSOLUTE SHOCK*
Im going to put My Answer's down for the sake of it. (Update: this is getting too long so im only putting ALMOST all of them.)   Question 1: So far the only one i couldn't think of an Answer for. Question 2: Houndoom. Something About Houndoom seems Overtly Agressive He's a big dog thats a dark and fire type. Definitley the type to have a temper. Question 3: Grumpig. I don't know why. He just feels like the last person you'd expect to be gay. Question 4: Minccino! It gets to eat the delicious sweet food, and be left with a dirty bowl after. Minccino's LOVE to clean. Cinnamon toast crunch is PROBABLY the messiest cereal i can think of. the cinnamon powder gets EVERYWHERE especially when it's consumed dry. Question 5: Victini. Can you tell im a gen 5 boy yet? Reguardless, I feel like Victini is the type of pokemon to "storm" the capital and use it's powers To Ensure that the capital doesn't fall. Mewtwo and Mr mime are both incredible answers better then mine. Question 6: Mimikyu. It would 100% Make a cosplay or decoy suit the same way it did pikachu, being one of the only pokemon that could cosplay Miku. it also has that darker undertone which could appreciate some of miku's darker songs. Question 7: Linoone! they Already have a very linear path for everything! stray off that path and its going to get lost or pissed.  Question 8: I know that someones going to pick it, but fuck it, Im going Hatterene.  (Update: SERPERIOR??? oh thats REALLY smart. Im pretty sure it gets Mean Look, And Sweet Scent too, Plus it's a snake so Other BDSM inspired kinks- yeah thats probably the smartest Answer. ) Question 9: I feel like someones going to go with a pokemon with the Ability Damp. so i have to think outside the box here. im going to go CELEBI. Celebi is a literal time traveller. Reguardless of what time travel theory you subscribe too it could definitley stop *A* 9/11. If not yours, the one the next timeline over.  (Update: HOLY SHIT that objection went HARD. Celebi was released/Revealed in 2000! 0.0 My answer is BARLEY solid enough. jesus christ.) Question 10: No response for this one. Question 11: Not Excersizing enough. he just seems/Feels... Fat. He looks like one of those people on those documentarys that are just HUGE. and they can't even walk anymore and it's kinda sad. Question 12: I think Spiritomb would have a crush on Frostlass. its 108 Mischevious/fucked up spirits bound in a keystone. and frostlass im pretty sure in its pokedex entry has straight up murdered. they would want to stick their... *Ahem, Keystone* in crazy. I regret not coming up with mimikyu though. Question 13: AWWWW TYNAMO! I think he would Bring a weighted blanket. it would help him sleep and make it so he doesn't have to hover when sleeping so the blanket will stay on. I almost mistook the question as a talent show thing where tynamo would bring a hoola hoop in my opinon! Question 14: Poocheyena Definitley bullies whismur. it's feirce, they attack people sometimes, it can howl and startle whismer, it can sneak up on whismur using the shadows, and it definitley wants to Assert Dominance. Weegee Answer is BASED though. Question 15: Crustle? Hmmn. Destruction of property. this guy gets fuckin' ROCK WRECKER. So many other rock types would be left homeless or have to deal with destroyed landscapes cus of this guy. and he has his home on his back so he doesn't have to give a crap. Question 16: Good Fucking Question. I had to look this one up a bit but i think i could punt Iggilybuff. Im not exactly athletic so the lighter the better. (Update: HOLY shit i ALMOST said minior. almost would have lost a point, lol.) (Update 2: NOOOO NOT JOLTIK! HE'S JUST A BABY! :<) Question 17: These things get super fang, endeavor, quick attack, and probably some stuff like take down at later levels. Im taking on 7 of these MAX. I do NOT have confidence. (Update: 0h, 30 minutes of prep time. Give me the shell bell so i heal when i damage them, maybe? so maybe like... 30, before they start catching on and all start sinking their teeth into my chest, legs, hands, and neck.) Question 18: I would want Minccino to be real! their small, their cute, they Love to clean, they'd be like a sentient pet roomba. :3
So why did no one choose Gumshoos for the Jan 6 question?
I think Golem's biggest regret is giving the extra pair of arms to machoke/machamp during the trade.
Magneton loves Hatsune Miku.
spiritomb's crush: cursola! look at both pokemon next to each other and say that there wouldnt be a spark between em!
If when punting a pokemon, if they never hit the ground, does that still count towards your distance? Because if so, Koffing is the correct answer. Punt it, and no matter how far it goes, so long as it just continues floating away in the opposite direction, it's just racking up distance. Same goes for any pokemon the levitates.
I just want to say there is no human could beat a rattata
if i was going to pick what pokemon was real i would pick ditto becauase it can turn into every pokemon
I feel like bouncesweet would fly all the way to neptune
Crustle would lock someone in a basement against their will
I feel like espion would bully whismer she looks like one of those really popular and annoying characters in a cringe teen drama
These people are tripping they couldn't even take one rattata they would get bodied
I feel like crabrawler would get in a Denny’s fight
Milcry? milcry. What is this miltank nonsense
The fact nobody brought up FEAR ratata is disappointing. The correct answer is by yourself you can beat 0 ratata.
"Smoliv - it's French" But...
Ok so for January 6th, did nobody think Gumshoos the Trump Pokémon?
This was extremely funny I´d love to see more of this.
this was fucking amazing
on that 9/11 question...hear me out. guzzlord.
Vigiroth gives me Dennys parking lot fight vibes
Crustle 100% commit's tax evasion
wow, really feeling old now with Gardevoir not coming up during the attraction question
Speaking from personal experience, people don't beat up the school shooter vibes kid.
I can't believe i spent 45 min just watching youtubers talk about pokemon...    I need help
10:00 each vtuber outing himself as a gullible democrat guilty of all the things they think repubs are
I was waiting to hear someone say braviary stormed the capital.
Jan 6 question was dumb as shit
"what crime would crustle commit"  Tax evasion.
Other topics for game shows? Nah, I just want more of this :)
Which pokemon would participate 8n the BLM Portland riots? Just to balance out the opinionated questions?
Oh I would absolutely eat a G-Max Alcreamie! I love cake and with a giant one I would never be hungry ever again
I can’t believe you’re defaming Mewtwo like that 😢
I believe Golem would be a Megumin fan. A single explosion every day, no matter the cost!
it criminal that none of them thought of the good old farfetch when they talk about Hatsune Miku
crustle commits tax evasion
I had so many of the same answers as void 😮😮
Bull "milk"
11:39
there’s a certain level of irony to all the pokemon that rush the capital being gen 1 picks
3:34 this question is inevitably Groudon and Kyogre as they would only be calm until provoked and you can be sure that someone in Denny’s, adult or child, man or woman, would tick those two off.
7:20 Taurus is a male-only species... I for one will probably be avoiding any Taurus "Milk"
I'd 100% punt a spider
Jaiden as a host for this is so perfect 😂. Always love these kind of vids 😂.
The January 6th hoax is one of the worst things the U.S. government has ever done. Entrapping civilians and then making an absolute mockery of the sixth amendment (right to a speedy trial) just makes me sick, and that's only the start of it.  But yeah, I'd go with Minccino because there is a quest where you have to find one, and I find it hilarious imagining where it could have ended up.
Im so sad nobody said Groudon for the dennys one
im sad noone said mewq or qtwo
how the HELL did no one choose vaporeon for the attraction one
When you realize Giwi is pronounced completely opposite of WeeGee..
Jaiden gives such yugioh vibes, but is a game show host for pokemon lol.
My Answers:  1. Blipbug. Its literally the stereotypical glasses wearing nerd that you would expect to see shoved in a locker in a 90's/2000's cartoon, and it evolves into a psychic UFO mad scientist to take revenge, its too perfect. 2. Makuhita. Its described as being really rowdy and always eager to fight, the kind of person that would happily start a scrap over any little reason. 3. I thought Granbull as well. For about the same reason. 4. Wynaut. Not sure why, but it kind of gives me the vibe of that one generic kid that appears somewhere in EVERY commercial aimed at kids, and for some reason that translates in my mind to cereal. 5. Obstagoon. He'd be the guy there just for the hell of it. Its a chance to cause some chaos for the politicians that he'd probably not get most of the time, its literally in his nature to obstruct, and here he is obstructing politics for fun. 6. Meloetta. Too easy... 7. Hatterene. Its literally a tiny little gremlin wearing some high-level cosplay that looks like both a princess dress and a wizard tower. Its all about enforcing positive feelings, and lashes out when things go sour. 8. Bruxish having exactly 34 results is just too perfect, we'll go with that. 9. Gumshoos. Its described as an incredibly intelligent pokemon with a tendency for staking out locations. Gumshoos would somehow find out about the attack long before hand, and then make a show of being on the plane during the attack to stop the terrorists, as well as having its friends stationed on other planes to do the same there. 10. I couldn't really think of anything here, so we'll go with Giwi's answer. 11. I think it would simply be the fact that it changed the way it did when evolving. "Oh shit! My flesh is exposed! I'm not entirely covered in rock anymore! I'm vulnerable!" 12. Sableye. The other ghost/dark type that had no weaknesses prior to fairy type. The two would coast on their fame of having no weaknesses as a power couple, and then the fairies would show up, ruin their fame, and cause a violent break up. 13. Tynamo feels like it would bring something really unexpected. Something involving a hobby it has that no one knows about until this show and tell.  14. Marshadow. Looks like a little kid, so they might wind up in school together. More over though, its ghost/fighting, so it has a type advantage over Whismur, and is immune to any of Whismur's attempts to fight back at the same time. 15. Easy, graverobbing. If you think about it, part of being a hermit crab is graverobbing. 16. Igglybuff. Its all in the podedex. Firstly, soft balloon body, meaning that neither you or it are hurt by the punting. Second, the pokedex says that once it starts bouncing, its almost impossible to stop, so even if you cant punt it very far at first, you'll still get good distance from the bounce. 17. So, on the Rattata question: Something they all seem to have forgotten is that this isn't a normal rat we're talking about, but a magical super rat. Other low level unevolved pokemon are creatures capable of flipping cars, smashing rocks, ripping through steel, and weaponizing the elements. These little buggers are likely a lot stronger and a lot tougher than a normal rat. A lowball estimate would have me put it at maybe the same level as a normal dog. So with that in mind, and given their size, I'd probably be able to handle about 5 or 6 if I fight in a way where I'm constantly throwing or batting them away to keep them separated. 18. One answer would be Arceus. If it made the entire pokemon universe, then its all we need in order to have all of them. If its just one though, then probably Rotom. Could you imagine the technological growth we could see with how Rotom has been integrated in the pokemon universe? 19. Not going to bother trying to randomize three pokemon for this one... 20. Basculin. I love fish, Basculin has a pokedex entry that says its delicious, and there's just so many of them. Easy choice.
I like how they all thought Primeape, but what about the pre-evolution Mankey.
Make Ditto real
Watch the full uncut pokemon the first movie with subs cause they changed Mewtwo from a three dimensional character to a two dimensional character during the localization to english
All Machamp appear male. Just sayin'
Closeted gay: cherrium
24:21 _"What is Golem's biggest regret"_  Easy. Losing his 3rd and 4th arms. Having 4 arms is so convenient. He was jealous of Machoke, and his smooth muscles. He wanted to be a lizard like him. But he forgot what he had going for him. He was a rock with arms. He could have had 6 arms. Now he looks at Machamp and says "why oh why did I give up on 4 arms?"
my first thought about tynamo's show and tell was a pressed leaf collection for some reason
7:27 _"How many people are eating real world cinnamon toast crunch with bull milk?"_  Literally everyone. Cows are just female bulls.
Btaviary is so american typed its ridiculous and I love that for them
If any pokemon were Q it would have to be Psyduck... just look at him, he is so distressed all those conspiracy theories whirling around in your head would stress anyone out.
Eevee is most gay because there are pictures of him in front of the gay pride flag.
Hoothoot is the pokemon that would like cinnamon toast crunch. It's an owl, it can see why kids love the amazing taste of cinnamon toast crunch.
Mewtwo isn’t republican he’s an anarchist so yes he would storm the capitol no he wasn’t there in January 6 cause that doesn’t align with his morals
2 Gigantamaxed Duraludons would absolutely have stopped 9/11.  The towers fight back!
I LITERALLY SAID THE LIGHTBULB THING FOR TYNAMO
For the who would you eat, Kingler. Reg weight of 132 lbs, that’s a feast. Gigantamaxed?! Even better haha
me crying because nobody said sobble for the pokemon who would get pushed into a locker, like yall are stupid (jk love yall, you make me laugh every time)
Gurdurr would definitely stop 9/11, jet fuel doesn’t melt steel beams…
is it just me or does it look like Jaidens  Head is floating behind her body?
17:37 i would say for this one specifically, hariyama, three words, big, bara, DUDES
Spiritomb's my favorite mon and Mimikyu is my Partner's, so it can be the only correct answer
"What pokemon could have stopped 9/11?" God. Why didn't he MAAAAN?! Arceus is LITTERALLY god. I rest my case.
For the capital the answer Braviary
5:18 To use a quote that works here “Big, bearded, bonking, butch Oscar. The terror of the ladies. 114 illegitimate children, world heavyweight boxing champion, and author of the best-selling pamphlet, “Why I Like To Do It With Girls” and Massingbird had him sent down for being a whoopsie”.
bro out of all them i think a disney adult would be wiggley tuff
You can't tell me Tododile wouldn't SMASHING some cinnamon toast crunch
I dunno why but my immediate thought for a pokemon that would fight in a Denny's parking lot would be Guzzlord.....it was very hungry and Denny's didnt not satisfy
It is a shame No one mentioned yongoos for jan6 or his evolution....
This was such a great watch. There was not a single moment where I could have predicted the next question. 10/10
This.  "I havent thought about anything close to this in my life" - Void
The pokemon that loves Hatsune Miku is Grookey. He's got the stick just switch it to a light stick and hes ready to go!
I Said blipbug for the first one, it’s literally just a nerd and it’s small, it would 100% be shoved into locker but I love blipbug so I’m sad
"What pokemon would you make real"  PAWMI. PAWMI NOW.  PLEASE IM BEGGING
i like how sweaty ass big eye buldging low tier god void just randomly pops up in these collabs
/J im making rattata real so kaid can fight a billion of them! but for real im gonna go with  galarian weezing, he can purify the toxic fumes in the air, he could probably stop global warming, and he seems like such a gentleman, i could talk with him for hours!
39:24 void, normal is immune to ghost type!
35:28 i'd say a jigglypuff that thing is literally a balloon, you could put in airpods playing your favorite blue oyster cult album and just go to town on it!
33:53 i'd have to disagree with void, i think he could upheave an entire bank like the underminer from incredibles 2 and just steal all the money and bank notes!
31:11 but you have to remember, whismer comes with soundproof so it would have to be physical, visual, or cyber bullying! im gonna say altaria or swablu in like a mean girls sense where he's just walkin through the woods and an altaria just swoops down and yeets him into a lake!
29:34 a plasma ball!
plot twist: the cofagrigus is the stacy and gothitelle is the chad!!
27:19 i imagine its a sableye because it could eat the rock its spirits are trapped in!
26:32 i do kinda like the lore of golem being a fuckin kamikaze pilot, now i want a pokemon version of godzilla minus one where Shikishima is a  geodude and godzilla is just a fuckin garchomp and the way he defeats godzilla is with a focus band explosion
how did no one think of marowak on "what pokemon would be a disney adult"
5:40 nah, Oranguru is absolutely out. He’s the wisen old gay who takes care of the baby gays
I have so many comments about all of these. I really feel like yall missed an opportunity with the Jan 6 Gumshoos, the trump mongoose himself
"What Pokemon is the most closeted gay?" Well Slowbro and Exeggutor are out and dating so not them
7:26 "we haven't tried milking other pokemon... like tauros" Who wants to tell her that Tauros has a 100% male gender ratio.  You can try to milk it but I guarantee whatever you get wont be milk.
17:02 most obvious answer?? not gardevoir?? what??
Me: Who is the most bullied one? PALKIA BECAUSE OF SALAMENCE
I love this! Do it again with 4 new persons :D
Jaiden I loves this video and the questions and reactions 👍❤️ I would loves to see some more videos including pokemon that they describes in the holidays 😂
genuinely surprised no one said Braviary would have stormed the capitol, it's literally a patriotic American eagle
I hate to say it, but Male Gardevoir HAS to be the most closeted gay in the Pokemon world. I mean, he had the option to turn into a Gallade, but went "Nah, I'm gonna intentionally make myself look like a female to attract dudes." Male Gardevoir is a gay little femboy, and we love him for it. You can't convince me otherwise.
He might not have stormed the capitol, but he definitely sent them there.  The answer is Gumshoos
Seeing Jaiden making political humour is really fun lol. It's the same vibe as seeing actors who used to play your fav characters in your childhood play roles in mature shows.
Captain is so wrong - I switched schools three times and was always either assisted into (middle school) or coincidentally into a group of friends.  More specifically, it's pretty bad form to mess with the new kid, so that wasn't an issue.
i only noticed Jaidens bowtie at the very end😅
I'm just saying. If you could make a single pokemon real, you make the fuckin' god of pokemon real to then cause a genesis of making all pokemon real.  Because if you pick Arceus, all of the legendary pokemon will be created to keep the balances and then a ridiculous number of regular pokemon will be created to either coexist with humans or live in the wild.
Got political with it.  I watch shit like this to get AWAY from the horrors of the world.  Every person involved in this now goes in the trash for me because I can't trust that they won't remind me of the shit state of the world now.  Is it too much to ask for escapism to be escapism anymore?
35:15 @TrebleEXE the answer is Mime Jnr #punttheclown
The one I thought who would storm the capitol is Mimikyu (The one that absolutely hates Pikachu)
For capitol storming, have we forgotten yungoos aka... trump lmao
Jaiden: "Which pokemon is most likely to get in a fight at a Denny's?" Me, _immediately_ : "Primeape!" Everyone: "Primeape." Weegee: "Wait, everyone is going with Primeape, I need to think of another one."  Big brain play right there. He saw the bait and avoided it.
I can't believe no one thought of making Arceus real.
Magikarp was a bad answer for the last one, Magikarp is canonically not edible since he’s mostly made out of bone (episode 16 of season 1)
-2 points for vaporeon? bullshit shes favouring kiwi cus shes a girl and a vtuber which jaiden clearly wants to be one too
40:40 "no lopunny awensers" gardevoir! vulpix! vaporeon! all the veons! absol! you can't block them all!
took me too long to realize that was jaiden..the vtuber doesn't match at all even if it is pretty
Sorry, jaiden, but I have to eat torchic because I want some chicken nuggies
The youtube buttons light up when people say like and subscribe. that shit is creepy af.
I totally would've shoved smeargle into a locker
LOL that crab with a knife is my discord pfp
The Like button lighting up was super cool!
Well Serperior is kinda sexy
I'm shocked no one said that Golem's biggest regret is evolving.  Dude had 4 arms as a Graveler and then "evolves" into having less in order to what? Roll around in a more spherical shape?
Tinkaton has been training to stop 9/11 her whole life
Please DO MORE OF THISSSS
I think I would punt shaymin the farthest. This is because as you can see with my profile pic, (that I made myself and i'm currently updating to make it look better) I am a shiny mewtwo, and one of my favorite youtubers is OVAS who does voice overs for the comics mew and mewtwo that Tc-96 made. In one episode there is a annoying shaymin and mewtwo, and his daughter pigement punt shaymin like a football. If that shaymin was talking to me and saying sheit, I would punt it all the way out of the multiverse. Because I could mega evolve into mega mewtwo x, and by by to shaymin.
spiritomb is poly because it probably has 108 and 8 minds due to the 108 spirits that make up spiritomb
like how in pokemon lore magikarp is inedible ,as their just scales and bones
The fact that no one picked a food based pokemon for the last question😭😭😭 Alcremie is literally a cake. You could probabaly eat that thing without any prep required
Did anyone else play along this entire video?
The locker pokemon are all of the awkward middle stage starter forms. I would list them but there's so so many.
24:00
I love your mind, Jaiden, I could never come up with questions like these 😂  What other media do you love? Star Wars? Lord of the Rings~? Maybe do Pokémon again but restrict answers to certain gens~?
Great and funny video! Love the tie and little Pokémon ball pin on jaiden’s avatar thing
79 Rattata. The base hp for humans in the pokémon universe is 100, acording to Legends: Arceus. And the minimum damage you can take from being attacked by a pokemon is 10hp. Meaning you'd lose from just 10 attacks. Assuming I can I can both oneshot each Rattata, as well as out speed every attack other than Quick Attack, it would take an average of 40 to take me out, assuming they have garbage ai that just picks a random move each attack.  With prep time however, I can totally gather up enough Survival Charms to raise my hp to a maximum of 200, doubling it. Making it so where, on average, it would take about 80 Rattata to knock me unconcious.  So yeah, I feel like I could safely take on 79 Rattata and win! 👍
Absolutely breaks my heart none of them said Vaporeon for the attraction question… the only objectively correct answer
you couldn't eat magikarp because it's pretty much just bone remember in the anime when James tried to eat a magikarp, some of his teeth just fell out. from one bite
Captain Kidd be wildin’
Mewtwo doesn't deserve that. They have a whole arc in the first movie about learning to see the value of love and making good choices despite being born into unfortunate circumstances. Then they unionize all the clone pokemon. Mewtwo is out here exploding construction equipment to stop the construction of oil pipelines, sorry!
Sad no one said croagunk for denny's fighting, he was about business in the anime
i love how people stormed the capital in my birthday
In genuine disbelief no one pitched Farfetch'd as the Miku fan, he literally does leek spin!!!!
everyone's answers to what Tynamo would bring to show and tell were so wholesome
sad to see that Farfetch'd wasn't an answer inthe miku question.. </3
Crustle's crime is Loitering. It even happens in game. Who's going to move the big crab?
I think Golem's biggest regret is sticking his head out of where his belly button should be.
Jaiden has the best questions
Imma say it right now: I was surprised no one mentioned Incineroar for the "closeted gay vibes" one. Dude is so (canonically) deep in kayfabe he won't even *smile for his fans*, y'all think he's gonna go searching through his feelings to figure out what he REALLY wants in a relationship and then actually act on it?  Edit: The problem with Minior and Koffing is that they can both control their own aerial movement, which means they objectively couldn't be punted very far by ANYONE before course-correcting under their own power, regardless of how much rage is in that person's heart (rather notably, this also applies to the honorary mentions of Cosmog, Flabébé, and Gastly for that matter!) Personally, I believe the most objectively viable punt-for-distance Pokemon is Igglybuff. Light enough to travel REALLY far, a near-perfectly-spherical body well-suited to reducing drag, no grippers/webbing like Joltik to keep it anchored, and none of that pesky aerial control to turn its impromptu flight from one-way into a round-trip (and even if it somehow tracks you down afterward, it's a BABY Pokemon, so it can't easily kick your ass for kicking it!)
Rattata are a foot tall rat 100 in 20 minutes with nothing but your bare hands does mot seem very possible
The fact that nobody said jiggly puff for the punt question is insane
giwi is so funny
I wish the vtuber avatars arms moved.
28:45 i can resist a GOOD lopunny, its the naughty ones that get me.... hypothetically..
21:52 his guily pleasure is that that isnt a tail.
19:04 i just feel like gumshoos could've done something...build a wall...just something.
9:00 mewtwo is actually canonically chill AF as of 2021. He cooled off in the first movie and peaced out with mew.
The secret answer to all of these questions is scrafty.
Its so crazy that american school students can give off "shooter vibes"
=)
“I didn’t like that Vaporeon comment, so I’ll deduct a point.”  Girlbossing!!!
tbh Jaiden's vtuber model just has this _smirk_ at literally all times, and I'm here for it
Am I the only one to think on lickitung for the breakfast?
Hatsune miku Pokémon should’ve been glaceon they have the same hair TwT
Excuse me the closeted gay pokémon is meowth.  https://youtube.com/shorts/6UdRBPi3lc0?si=4Xs2XWvSYGYPnE_P
2:08 surprised nobody said trubish
1.Srohmish 2.Incinerar 3.The Water starter from Paldea 4.Rowlet Everything else IDK
as someone who loves wildcard and the guys in it please keep politics out of it bc some brain dead idiots are going to make a big fuss and that would be tragic
I just noticed that when people in the vid said "like button", the actual like button would sparkle. (37:25)
I’m kinda disappointed nobody said Munchlax for the cereal question. He baby and he eat
Late, but I gotta say- I feel like Spiritomb would have a crush on Garchomp.   They're both on Cynthia's team. They've been through so much together; all the battles, all the training, and all the memories they made on the way. A bond must've formed and it grew to be a crush on Garchomp. It was hard not to, because everyone loves Garchomp, but Spiritomb still couldn't help themselves.
Spoilers for the video?     I never understood the concept of F*ck Marry or Kill, because you're ALREADY going to f*ck the one you marry 😅 so is the F*ck one just a one night stand??? If so, why did Giwi say F*ck Greninja if he's hot AF but not decide to marry him so she can f*ck him whenever?? That type of logic just never made sense to me, which is why I don't understand the little game I guess? Permanently being able to f*ck the hot one just sounds better than just a one time thing.
So I'm in love with Giwi now
How did nobody say Conkeldurr for Jan. 6th? It's a literal construction working clown (very in-keeping with that demographic) ready to fight from the "America" region (Unova), and holding two actual columns. Where did he get those colums? He tore them off the capitol building on Jan. 6th, 2021.
i was answering them along with everyone, primeape didn’t even cross my mind my ONLY thought was exploud
24:23 here are 3 better answers for "Golem's biggest regret" #1 most canonically, regrets being traded with a Machoke and trading his pair of shoulder-arms for turtle face #2 regrets not having Royalties in his contract for his 12-second appearance in "Indiana Jones: Raiders of the Lost Ark" as the 'rolling boulder' #3 regrets selling all his bitcoin in 2016
BRO! I was just watching this and when they said "Punt the like button" th elike button light up!
Here's why Jigglypuff should be exe. Iiii will rip-yoouur guts out-aaaand eat them-raaaaw. (hysterical laughter) It fits.
One Pokemon to bring into the real world? I'd also go with my favourite guy Jolteon  100% good boi energy
I can't fuck a turtle so that one has to die - wiser words have never been spoken before
Crustle would commit tax fraud
I gotta go with punting a pichu or a cleffa
What about morpeko? 3:43
Clearly no one thought of FEAR strats while attempting to answer the rattata question truthfully. My answer would be one. Two if I somehow also have a priority attack 😂
18:40 that is extremely low.
16:04 salazzle.
if it isnt obvious from my profile pic id make clefable/clefairy real depending how easily i could get a moonstone. cause i just wanna eat pancakes with my little guy, she won my first nuzlocke for me years ago (i wanna say 2012ish) and Faria won my heart that day to she will always be my bestest pokemon buddy.
I like Giwi's character model
I'm playing along because you guys are not fun.  Shoved in a locker? Easy. Mr. Mime.  Crabrawler would get into a fight at Denny's (Your answers were all pretty good on this one though)  Neither FAIRY or RAINBOW are gay. Stop that toxic thinking. The answer for this one is obviously Machoke.  Munchlax would eat all the cereal... would eat all the foods... and not even care.  Also... it's annoying that I have to defend Mewtwo here... because I think people who act like Mewtwo is the best Pokémon, are absolutely dumb... (Besides, Gumshoos would have been the funniest answer.) But Mewtwo as a character is often misunderstood, the answer itself was fine, but the logic was not even there at all.  I am SO disappointed in all of you... which Pokemon would be a Hatsune Miku fan? FARFETCH'D... Clearly NONE of you are Miku fans. (Or other Vocaloids for that matter. I personally prefer Rin, Gumi, and ESPECIALLY Teto)  Disney Adult? Probably Chansey.  Also Meowscarada and Satoko Hojo have the SAME look... if Satoko Hojo was a Pokémon trainer... she would have a Meowscarada... I mean... let's face it... Satoko chases after Rika a lot... annnnd Rika... is referred to as 'the cat' in Higurashi many times. But the correct answer is 'Gardevoir' cause I mean... you can not hide what the internet says. (Buuuuut I SUPPOSE that one would have been too easy)  Rayquaza could have stopped 9/11 (Braviary is a correct answer though. Dialga is ALSO a correct answer, but by that logic so is Celebi.) And... yeah... Void had GOOD logic... BUT! MY OWN OBJECTION! The Pokémon existed in their universe... they just hadn't been discovered yet. DENIED! (Though with your own logic, you should have said Mewtwo)  Landorus's guilty pleasure is probably preferring non-Organic food to organically grown food. (Also... eyebrows = misogyny? That is the DUMBEST thing I've ever heard, way to body shame... BUUUT Giwi had the best answer, and I can actually see that as a VALID answer)  Golem's biggest regret is growing legs. Kidd's is best among the four actual contestants though... you guys need MORE than just therapy...   Spiritomb has a crush on Mimikyu so Void is correct (Also, no best girl in Pokemon is EITHER Jasmine or Serena.)  Tynamo brings a lightning rod so he can attract friends, and become stronger.  EVERYONE bullies Whismur (Weegee's got the right answer) (Cubone isn't a bad answer either, especially if you had to choose JUST ONE Pokémon which yeah technically) (Also wish I had thought about this Pokémon in the locker question from before)  Crustle would be absolutely part of a Bank Heist. (Weegee's answer is KINDA on the same line as mine, obviously so is Void's but on a smaller scale, and he's thinking mugging someone... and of course Kidd got the correct answer. I'm saying tunneling for crime) Giwi... whut? The odd one out being the most incorrect...    The Pokemon you could punt the furthest... would be Cottonee, no? I mean you punt it as hard as you can, annnnd then it just floats the rest of the way... floating forever (Drifloon for VERY similar reasons) Weegee's probably got the best answer there.  I could defeat ALL the Rattatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatas Void's ALMOST got the right idea... buuuut... No I'm just going to stomp the shit out of EVERY Rattatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata I see. (They have no right being purple... they are not COOL enough for best color. -Even if it IS a pale shade of best color...- )  If I could make ONE Pokemon real.. with ZERO non-wholesome intent... Obvioously 'Eevee' I would love to have an Eevee as a pet (OR... being slightly LESS cliche... Growlithe (Vaporeon was CLOSE... buuut no... we're speaking PURE wholesome here)  Fuck Bunnelby / Kill Toxicroak / Marry Rowlet Fuck Grumpig / Kill Scorbunny / Marry Simipour Fuck Hoopa Unbound / Kill Rhyhorn / Marry Ash's Greninja Fuck Rowlet / KILL SUNKERN! / Marry Tirtouga  (I have reasons for ALL of them.) The Fuck category is because OF the options in each category, it's the least offensive for me to think about having sex with. The Marry category is 'Which one would be the best permanent partner' And then... the 'Kill' one in MOST cases, were just ones that I have no interest even catching... let alone being intimate with in any way... Sunkern though... I'm slightly color blind... My VERY first Shiny catch on Pokemon Go... was a Sunkern... PLEASE google the difference between regular and shiny...  And understand... that I felt EXTREMELY robbed.  Remember those Rattatas? I would eat all the Pidgey and not even feel bad. Chicken is BEST meat, and I BET Pidgey tastes like chicken. Plus they're EVERYWHERE.... they're in no danger of going extinct.
Personally, my answers would be...  - Quagsire - Snorlax - Blacephalon - Alcremie - Annihilape - Oricorio - Mr. Mime - Gardevoir and Gallade - Xatu - listening to thrash metal where the lyrics make absolutely no sense - being completely outclassed by Rhydon—and that's not even a final evolution - ??? - a battery - Gyarados - racketeering - Drifloon - 6 - Mew - None of them - Alcremie
I'm surprised nobody said Infernape for the second question, this LITERALLY HAPPENED IN THE SHOW
43:05 I'll use poor CGI to make you think I did but in reality they're all dead in my attic.
The mimikiu covering spiritomb stone, thats, well ...
7:25 "We could probably milk Tauros" You do know Tauros is 100% male, right?
20:22 When you ask could and they give you one that CAN still.
17:42 Okay this is a disaster, let me save it.  "Image the HUGS from that thing! No better partner to relax on the couch with on a Friday when you're just a bit too overworked and just need to relax."
1:45 Yeah, because we want to get on the psychic's bad side. They're the last one you mess with.
How did no one say gumshoos would be a capital stormer?  Just look at it.
Ditto would be my first pick.  Trying to fit in and getting put in the locker due to its face (S1 of Anime) Corphis would so fight someone in a Denny's parking lot. Snubble is still in the closet. Munchlax would love some cereal. Gumshoos would storm the capital. Totodile would jam out to Hatsune Miku Richu is a Disney Adult.  Leading the Pichu and Pikachu children. Delphox since people love Kitsune and Fox Girls. Dragapult would stop 9/11 using the dreepy missiles and if needed give up his life for the cause. His guilty pleasure is watching I Dream of Jeannie. Golem regret is missing gym day and becoming a fat ball of rock.  He use to be so Fit. Spirtomb is crushing hard for Young Agatha and missing the days they spent together. Tynamo would bring his crush Remoraid to show and tell Whismer would be bully by Tyrogue. Crustle would commit Grand Theft Shell. Ditto transformed into a Football would be easily puntable.  If it looks like someone you hate even more anger behind the punt. As many Rat Bait & Glue Traps you can place in 30 minutes. Glaceon (or your favorite eeveelution) so I can have a service pokemon that also doubles as a Portable AC.  I got Kabuto, Gigantamax Orbeetle, Hisue Lilligant: Frick Lili, Marry Kabuto, Scorch Earth Policy Orbeetle.  If I was hungry and had to eat a Pokemon it be a school of Wishiwashi since they make perfect sushi.
I can't believe nobody picked porygon for the hatsune miku question. like yeah he ain't a music guy but he's a computer program guy. an online guy. hatsune miku is his friend.
The most-closettet gay imo would be Maractus. It's 50.2% chance of being male and 49.8% chance of being female, meaning there are 99.6% straight (or hiding in the closet) Maractus and only 0.4% are openly non-straight
Crustle would commit real estate fraud. I cannot explain further.  Also, the Koffing line deserves punting. Nuzlockers absolutely understand this pain.
Like every gym bro I know is openly gay but ok Kidd, sure whatever you say, Machamp is in the closet I guess.
The pokemon I'd eat is obvious. Alcremie. It's literally made of whipped cream and has special sweets on it, it'd be so sweet and tasty!
I enjoy hearing Californians talk about politics. Just as a good reminder to never move to california.
21:22 how did no one pick Celebi‽ It's literally one of the jokes about them.
Listen, Machamp being a closet gay makes sense. I mean, look at his shorts…THOSE THINGS DONT NEED TO BE THAT TIGHT
Disrespect?? Farfetch’d literally offer themselves up for a meal!! Eating a Farfetch’d would be the most respectful thing you could do! Honoring its sacrifice!!! Kamonegi!! A duck comes bearing spring onion! An opportunity has presented itself; TAKE IT!!
IMO, groudon would get shoved in the locker. I mean, high-school for the super ancient pokemon was probably way back when they still had primal forms, and you can't tell me kyogre isn't going to abuse that x4 weakness.
LEAVE SERPERIOR ALONE. Bro Serperior is my favorite Pokémon he’s just a snake and my childhood was ruined at 11 years old looking at Serperior on google images with safe search off
the jan 6 thing should have had the trump pokemon from gen 7 lol
This is one of the funiest things on You Tube and I really hope you all do it again. xD  PS. You guys seriously didn't pick Spinda for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch questions? The pokemon with literal swirls on his body?! Shame.
For the "make one pokemon real" question I would pick Vaporeon but absolutely not for that reason, i hate that meme. Vaporeon has just been one of my all time favorites for a very long time. If not my bestest buddy, probably Eevee, Flareon, or Skitty.
During the Disney adult question, mega audino immediately came to mind. The singing theme, it’s millennial white color scheme, it’s obnoxious vibes, it gives off a mom that drives a mini van type of vibe.
I'm not too familiar with the breedable Vaporeon meme, and I don't want to be, but I like Vaporeon. Shame the internet has to ruin stuff.
"What Pokémon would get into a fight in the Denny’s parking lot?"  Easy, blaziken you’re literally going to Benny to eat his kind, won’t be happy about it.
Yea!!!!
“We could probably milk a tauros” Fun fact: tauros are 100% male
"What pokemon would eat Cinnamon Toast Crunch" No one picks Munchlax, a pokemon literally designed around eating anything and everything.
Intelion would have stopped 9/11
You can do any topic, the nonsense was great 👍🏻
Eating Dragonite just to see what dragon meat tastes like
Let's be honest, the most puntable pokémon is Whismur
Nah if ANY of those Rattatas know Hyperfang you're fuckin toast lol  Magikarp is all bones. You can't eat a magikarp...
MewTwoAnon
When they said "Who bullies Whismur" I instinctively said "Me"
One thing that i think that people forget about magikarp is the fact that it is confirmed in the anime that magikarp is nothing but skin and bones, and all together unedible
The reason every pokemon wouldn't bully whismer is that it would be implying that pokemon like sobble would be too, and I feel that sobble would just cry instead
Gothitelles not a ghost Giwi...lol
What is golem's regret? Me: turning down the offer to be in a music video with Miley Cyrus (wrecking ball)
Mr. Mime was BUILDING THAT WALL. Or pretending to?
AREN'T TAUROS ALL MALE?????  i have questions
i honestly thought crustle would just commit war crimes
This was fantastic.  Please host more game shows Jaiden!
You guys should do this again!
the only crime Crustle would commit is Vandalism... Accidentally. Because burrowing around under buildings takes out foundations. Then he just turns around like "Oh shit was that me?!"
Not just cosmog but spersificly neby I am gona punt so far 🦶⚽️
Snubbull totally bullies Whismur because they see themselves in them.
Nah Crustle's crime is home invasion  Wait I'm not done Landorus' guilty pleasure would be being dommed Golem's biggest regret is it's existence, it is the cuck of the gen 1 trade evolutions, and it knows it Spiritomb would have a crush on itself. It's comprised of 108 spirits, of course there's gotta be two that are into each other, in fact Spiritomb would be obsessed with itself Tynamo would bring a coco melon plush to show and tell Whismur gets bullied by every fighting type within a 20 mile radius.
Imagine if primape was at a waffle house
THIS SLANDER AGAINST MUK
I don't know for the others viewers but i'd like to see jacob and jan argue on all these question
2:00 Mind the Ears if you don’t like flying.
Golem used to be homophobic, and he regrets hurting his gay son, and has to carry knowing he’ll never get to apologize since his son went no contact
I hate what the Internet has done to my poor little water puppy.
Crustle is a supervillain with the goal of carcinization
Tandemaus is the “Disney Adult Pokémon”.
So glad we got this timeline instead of the one where jaiden still made animations. Nah, we get this dumb vtube avatar and alpharad style quiz show. Great.
Kidd deserved the point for the republic lickitung. That Pokémon is 100% proven to be on the right. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Glad nobody said Gumshoos would storm the capital; no way the Trump Pokémon would get his own hands dirty.
Right off the bat, 1st question, NOBODY thought to shove Blipbug into a locker?!?  LOOKIT THAT DWEEB!!!
Weegee got the punting one. Bro's got the math
I can't believe they didn't said Ting-Lu for the cereal question. He is LITERALLY the bowl pokemon
for the punting question, minior would actually fly very poorly, while joltik would fly the farthest. choosing the lightest pokemon may seem like the obvious move, but were forgetting air resistance. weight and innertia roughly cancel each other out, so minior would be like punting a helium filled balloon. you would want something with a considerable weight where punting i would be effektive, and a very small surface area (tho not to small as that will hinder your ability to put force into it) so joltik is pretty good, its just a football with very little air resistance. also im happy to see that spiritomb was included, as hes my favorite.
32:25 why does Weegee sound like an AI version of himself here for a second 😂
What the fuck the Like button did an animation when he mentioned it is that a thing they can do now?
Wait! Is noone gonna talk about "milking a Tauros" that is 100% only male! Sorry but thats some nasty salted caramel milk that I dont want in bowl.
"Patriism" ~Weegee trying to say patriotism, and accidentally creating the best word for the far right ever.
How do you not pick Diggersby for the Denny's question? 😂
Imma just say that Conkledurr and Gurdurr were definitely at the capital on Jan 6th. Blue collar workers with shit eating grins on their faces who look like they’ve taken a few too many blows to the head over the years
Cinnamon toast crunch, I don't know why, but I immediately and viscerally uttered Spinda
Ok my answer for the pokemon you could punt the farthest would be Igglybuff.   Igglybuff is a 2 pounds, one foot tall and one of the most spherical pokemon. On top of all that it’s very bouncy, in fact the dex not only states that bouncing is one of it’s main methods of moving around it also states that it’s very hard to stop Igglybuff from bouncing once it starts. Shape and weight are important but none of the pokemon they suggested would go absolutely flying like Igglybuff would, you’d kick that mf into the clouds.
Gonna be honest, didn't expect bisexuality and polyamory to be brought up in a video about pokemon
4:28 how did no one say Gallade??? He’s flamboyant but still very much in denial, going so far as to get married as well.
Which Pokémon would you eat immediately? The first thing that came to my mind was STANTLER
I feel like sunkurn is very puntable
The answer to the Ratata question is infinite because of moves like earthquake, dazzling gleam, surf, muddy water, etc (if u had Pokémon)
I'm mad no one said literal shop lifting for crustle
8:12  shouldave been gumshoos
Nobody mentioned Ferrothorn in the "which pokemon would have stormed the capitol?" segment and I am very disappointed
Golem's biggest regret? Becoming a "stoner"
I'm annoyed and concerned that everyone is using strictly male pronouns for pokemon that are 50/50. I mean tynamo? And why only the dad? Also, Cynthia's Spiritomb is female, why did you say "he" would be in love with her? Yeesh!
Nah Weegee wins for sure!
Tinkaton would be able to subvert 911 - just because it enjoys hitting things out of the sky...
Surprised gardevior wasnt on the sexy pokemon list or like incineroar or machamp
You are all wrong. Hatsune Mikus greatest fan is obviously Farfetch'd for obvious reasons🤣🤣🤣 The leak is love
4:07 none of theme put down slacking
Which Pokemon would have stormed the capitol on January 6th 2021? I guess nobody wanted to pick Gumshoos because they all thought everybody else would pick it.
Please don't "milk" Tauros... They're only Male...
I feel like the #1 Pokemon to be shoved in a locker is Blipbug. It's the generic tiny nerd with circle glasses stereotype that you'd imagine to be picked on.  Also, Spiritomb, being made of 108 evil spirits, would be most attracted to something not because of their looks or personality, but by how twister their mind is, and no other Pokemon has been as twisted in any form of media as Malamar. Spiritomb would fall in love with Malamar's malicious and terrible thoughts and motives.
Landorus' guilty pleasure is clearly ice cream. As a ground/flying type it's super bad for him, but he loves it anyways
I would have given points for Vaporeon's answer instead.
Giwi is right, Golem did kill a guy. By using Self Destruct.
Aint no way no one said gumshoos for the jan 6 question
Honestly felt like Slaking would storm the capitol on january 6th 2021.
I'm so happy you gave Giwi the win, some of those points should have gone to her imo but glad to see it all worked out in the end lol
I choose to make arceus real so he can make all of the other pokemon
This is just peak content
The question about Denny's should have rufflet check their dex entries.
Vigoroth would definitely bully Whismur. Vigoroth is the middle school bully of Pokemon.
Just gonna write all my own answers for every question, cause it’s fun! 1: Ledyba. A lot of bug type pokemon seem very bully-able, but Ledyba in particular has a sort of gormless vibe that makes it easy to imagine them getting punched. 2: Vigoroth. This guy is always awake, and constantly running on a hair trigger. This guy is running in circles around a Denny’s at 2AM, caffeinated out the gourd, just waiting for someone to get close enough to throw hands with. 3. Electivire, or Magmortar. Weird pick, yes, but the way the energy of these two Pokemon specifically is giving ‘gay power couple who never actually confirm they’re in a relationship’, which I think counts. My first instinct was Machamp but I thought it was too on the nose. 4. Scraggy. Aka the pokemon who seems like a kid who’d run up to you, kick you in the kneecaps, then skitter off. Not sure if there’s actually any cinnamon toast crunch energy here it just feels right. 5. Diggersby, idk he looks like an asshole and like he’d love to knock over a chain link fence what can I tell you. 6. Ok get it out of the way Farfetch’d for the Leek parallel, but I think someone else will take that bait. So instead let’s do Porygon… 2. You see OG Porygon is a fan if 90s style text to speech, and Z is more AI generated voiceover, so Porygon 2 is the sweet spot middle ground of the Vocaloids.  7. Electrode. Cosplays as a marketable icon of a franchise, high speed so you know they own a fast pass, and prone to exploding if things don’t go their way. Disney Adult. 8. Nihilego. I can imagine a person who played Sun/Moon and feeling ‘something’ in regards to Nihilego, especially given the boss fusion form. And yes the tentacles too you get it. 9. Altaria. I’m concerned how quickly I came to this answer is just feels right. Like objectively Rayquaza is probably more qualified I just don’t think he has the moral gumption Altaria would have to actually act. 10. Listening to police scanners.  11. Given Golem can only evolve via trades, he regrets leaving his (or her) kids in the divorce. Ok I’m good now.
for the pokemon who'd like cinnamon toast crunch, i immediately thought of spinda bc of the ads where the cereal gets people mesmerized and confused bc of the "cinnamon swirls" xD
so much hate for Golem, but everybody knows that Golem is really everybody's favourite. He was definitely one of mine. Who cares about the stats, he's hard to get and he looks cool.
Alcremie is very edible and you cant change my mind
2. Fight in a Dennys lot: Morpeko, come on, literally has a hangry mode
Pikachu cosplays all the time. Its probably a big hatsune miku fan for sure
Spiritomb hardcore crushes on Grovyle tbh. That’s clearly why they put him in hardcore bondage in PMD
The most obvious pokemon yo make real is simply Arcoos- I mean Arceus because then it can just create all the other ones (also it would definitely stop 9/11 just sayin)
I love how from the very moment I saw the quotation marks around “interesting” I knew the word that really went there was either “depraved” or “unhinged.” It would have been really interesting to hear Jaiden’s answers too though.  As for me, I’ll answer the last one. Vanilluxe is a living two scoop ice cream sundae, and I’m sharing him with my bestie Snorlax.
Why are these so political???
I'm taking Eevee they are adorable they are loyal easy to train and you can't tell me you wouldn't want your own actual Eevee they would make the perfect pet
Void? You picked a great man. Respect!
This got really political for a pokemon related video.
Tauros is all male. You cannot milk them. Unless you really want to
What a great video. What a great concept. What a way to be introduced to this channel.
37:21 without a doubt weegee
I am so happy that the last question was answered with Magicarp because that was my answer too <3
I could probably beat 3 Rattatas at most It would probably be very hard already
A Hatsune Miku lover is 1000% shiny Gardevoir 12:33
A Hatsune Miku lover is 1000% shiny Gardevoir 12:33
I also thought of Greedent for being a Disney adult, but for a very different reason. Ever since I saw that Pokémon, it looks like an animal in a Disney movie.
Koffing would have stormed the capital, he doesn't wear a mask.
Looking forward to round 2!
16:27 I got called the fuck out with VoiD's answer of Meowscarada like that boy's got his claws in me with that magician swagger hot _damn_
So I dont know about you Giwi, but I personally would not want to drink any Tauros "milk"... you know since Tauros are entirely male... I mean miltank was made to be the female counterpart to Tauros...  Although the point about the milk is still valid... since goat's milk is another form of common milk and Gogoat is basically the standard domesticated goat pokemon
Okay but like, Wooloo as the Pokémon who would storm the capitol. Literal sheep.
What's a flesh light?
4:09 the drawfee pokemon from memory challenges feature scraggy, who is apparently canonically always ready to throw himself at others, especially birds bc it friggin hates birds bc it can't fly. Final answer
Captain Kidd was robbed on the closeted granbull answer. Real gays know that THAT right there is a closeted man
For question two I would have said Krookodile
one must imagine golem happy
for the first one I would choose sobble
I'd eat out a Lopunny
During the Hatsune Miku question, i went in a completely different direction and picked Farfetch'd. Solely because of the love of leeks
totally missed out on the Vanillite / vanillish / vanilluxe line for the food question...  IT'S LITERALLY ICE CREAM!
40:36  MAGNEMITE MAGNEMITE MAGNEMITE MAGNEMITE! I WANT A MAGNEMITE!!!💖🧲💖
7:25 I expected somebody to point out that all Tauros are male. You can't really expect to milk that, can you?
Mewtwo wouldnt storm the capitol, only because after the 1st movie they realized that lives matter
The Tynamo one was so dang cute!!!😍😍😍
Ok but the pokemon I would eat would be 100% torchic, hes cooked already and everything
question at 16:16  no one said gardevoir?
Just make arceus real to make all Pokémon real
Golem’s biggest regret: He’s a rock/ground. He tried to shower *once*. He was in the hospital for *months*.
honestly i wholeheartedly believe that mankey would get into a fight in a Denny's parking lot 😭 i have never forgotten playing poképark 1 on the wii...
Pokemon stomring the capitol: Male salandit. I feel like I don’t have to explain it.
28:09 Not to mention the 4x weakness to fairy
42:23 I agree
I feel like Mewtwo wouldnt storm the capitol because he's a republican, he would just storm it because he hates the government
7:25 Giwi brings up a solid point against Cade. There are 3 pokemon that learn Milk Drink at current. Miltank, obviously, but also Skiddo and Gogoat! Gogoat milk is a Kalosian delicacy, I think, so yeah
I would personally punt jiggly puff, I don't know it's the first thing that came to my mind
7:24 tauros is... gender locked to male...
1 - voltorb (how else do you protect yourself from an explosion then to put the bomb in the locket) 2 - sirfetch'd (farfetch'd is said to have been served as a meal, this guy would not like it) 3 - Nidorino (can not breed with nidoqueen but can with ditto) 4 - Ting lu (do i have to say anything) 5 - Bisharp 6 - Literally every pokemon that appeared in the collab would be perfect but i choose Rotom 7 - Wigglytuff 8 - Froslass (lorewise she was a human at a point) 9 - Darkrai (their move dark void hits multiple targets and puts to sleep) 10 - using sahara as a litter box 11 - Not using explosion before he got caught, he just hates his trainer 12 - Diancie (she is an opposite of his dark type and is also a rock) 13 - A heart attack 14 - Tauros because he's a bull 15 - He would take of his rocks and steal klawfs identity 16 - Igglybuff literally never stops bouncing if it bounces once 17 - 11 18 - Electivire so the world never runs out of electricity again Ok not doing the next one Last one - Hoot Hoot is the heaviest chicken wing out there
Spiratomb x Frosslass. Cez Froslass os very feminine, graceful, and it is possible she killed all the spirits that make up the spiritomb. Or tried to save them all. The froslass lore cam be confusing.
I can say with 100% certainty people will bully the person with school shooter vibes(even if said person threatened to shoot someone in our class). My class had one of them he was socially awkward and very weird but not as bad as people seemed to think he was
i dont think most people wanna drink tauros milk since there 100% male.....
The correct answer to ALL of these is Scrafty.
7:20 Oh, no, you cannot milk a Tauros the way you mean. Tauros are ALWAYS male.
void wins the punting question for me that's personal
I was telling my wife about this video and all the questions, I got to “Which Pokémon could stop 9/11?” And she answered so confidently, “The right answer is Tinkaton” and I don’t remember when I have laughed so hard because she is right, it’s a good answer
Shocked weegee didn’t wanna punt whismer
Funny how Weegee said that Braviary would stop 9/11 and used pokedexes as evidence but it occured to no one that Metang's dex entry states that a plane could collide with it and Metang wouldn't even be scratched
"he's so buff you just wouldn't expect it."  - Captain Kidd does not know THE GAYStm very well huh
Did anyone else's like button have a hlow around it when they said to like, and similar for the subscribe at the end of the video?
Giwi with the bold strategy of announcing "I AM CHOOSING THE OBVIOUS AND CORRECT ANSWER, DO NOT CHOOSE THE SAME ANSWER AS ME". I respect it.
"sunkern is small and handheld"  killed me lol
Am I the only one who said Farfetch'd for the Hatsune Miku question? Because of the leeks.
crustle litterally just lazy block paths in gen 5 games, just like snorlax but more of them. they'd probably block an ambulance or something crowding up and sitting in the street
My biggest shock was no one choosing Makuhita for the Denny's Parking lot.
Get in a fight in the denny's parking lot? It's gotta be Obstagoon bro
question, which pokemon is the most likely to have been DB cooper
no one said farfetch'd for the miku question what the hell
19:05 Gigantamax Duraludon
I'm gonna be honest, my favorite Pokemon is Vaporeon, and anyone who replies with the meme will be reported as spam, because I hate the meme. I just like the Fish Cat.
i really like jaidens personality :D
20:14 You know busting the engine of the plain still doesn't solve the problem of the plane crashing elsewhere... 21:40 to be fair any strong enough psychic type would do a much better job compared to any of the entries they made, if we go by the didn't exist at this time, Mew and Mewtwo are strong contenders, not only they will be able to stop the plain at any time but also they will disarm the terrorists and land the plains safely... 23:26 when you consider what the greek gods like to do and considering the transformation I would guess zoofilia... 31:01 Oh now I know what Golem's real regret is... getting dunked on by other people... 39:02 "Rats can grow up to 10 inches (25 cm) in body length. The tail is usually the same length as the body and can be pink or brown in color, but the tail always lacks fur. Adult males typically weigh about 1.25 lbs. (~19 oz.), and females weigh 0.75 lbs (~12 oz.)." Ratata : Height 1' 00" Weight 7.7 lbs. So basically larger than an average rat and 6 times heavier, a 100 of them weigh like 300 kg that weight is able to at the very least incapacitate you if they gang up and rats usually know how to attack in groups... you have no chance of defeating a hundred of them even if you are armed with a sword unless maybe you are a master swordsman... 41:13 so If I choose Gengar and ghosts don't exist will ghost begin to exist after Gengar becomes real... 43:38 I have never eaten crab...
Bro com on drizzle is going straight into the locker
They forgot Scolipedes have poison point. I ain't riding a poisonous frog.
The correct answer to the 9/11 question is celeby. If you don’t believe me go watch the literal Pokédex videos.
This was just a hilarious video
I choose Psyduck to stop 9/11. He is a bit of a gag character in the show but when he's serious he can do some damage. Just picture him at the airport, losing his mind cause he's reading everyone's thoughts and immediately starts slapping the legs of the terrorists.
32:16 the correct answer  is skuntank who is a canonical bully in mystery dungeon
i wonder what arceus would taste like
golem definitely regrets the divorce
SUPER MARIO
bro when did jaidens avatar look so sexy OWO
I would loose to the first rattata because of FEAR
WE GYYYYYYYATTTTTT to help jaiden get this channel to 1mil :D
We all know meowth would get punted the farthes because any impact and hes blasting away agin
I think I am going to learn the „important“ stuff like which Pokemon is the most efficient for making a Dyson swarm or something.
32:56 Tax evasion, what ere they gonna do about it? Take his rock?
why did i think greninja for most closetted gay?
31:05 Jschlatt
They forgot Gumshoos and BRAVIARY! hahahahahha
Dennys parking lot is full of Scraftys, obviously, and Miku's biggest fan is Farfetch'd. Weak sauce.
11:00 they even shown the shaman,but nobody said Bouffalant.
I saw closeted gay… and somehow thought of Machamp
Spiritomb: The 'Notice Me Senpai!' pokemon
Flippin amazing
I think there are three correct answers to the “what Pokémon would you make real” for people that can’t think of just one, and those three are mew, jirachi or arceus, and my reasoning is that arceus is god so he could make all the other Pokémon, mew is said to be the mother of all Pokémon, and jirachi is a wish maker so you can wish for all the other Pokémon to exist.
Please make more of this stuff! I love your Pokémon content
My personal answers to the questions  The Pokemon most likely to be stuffed in a high school locker: Magikarp. Should I say more? Pokemon that would fight in a Denny's Parking lot: It WOULD have been Primeape, but unfortunately TWO OTHER PEOPLE Chose it, so I'm gonna pick Groudon. The dude got so angry once he made the sun hotter. Pokemon's most closeted gay: Golduck. LOOK AT THEM AND TELL ME THEY DON'T LOOK LIKE THEY'RE GAY? He would swim to impress the ladies to hide the fact that he is gay. Pokemon that enjoys Cinnamon Toast Crunch: Eevee. Look at them and tell me I'm wrong. Pokemon that was involved in the storming of The Capitol on January 6th, 2021: Obstagoon. The man LOOKS like a rebel. He ACTS like a rebel, and so why not do some rebellious shit? Pokemon that loves Hatsune Miku: Psyduck. He has simp energy written ALL OVER him. Which Pokemon would be an Annoying Disney Adult: Blacephelon. He would make his explosions look like Disney characters (assuming they work like fireworks), he looks like a dancer, AND he would ABSOLUTELY use Disney quotes frequently. Pokemon that, if told by a friend that they were attracted to them, you would understand: ... So many to pick... I'll go with Sylveon. HAVE YOU SEEN ONE?! Not only are they adorable, they're a fairy type, a type quite literally associated with the most cuddly Pokemon to ever exist. And the ribbons they have would hold you tight and never let go if you decided to have a cuddle session with one. Pokemon that could have stopped 9/11: Palafin Hero. Dawg. It's in the name.  Landorus' Guilty Pleasure: Swimming. He's a flying ground-type genie, and WATER is his weakness. Put the pieces together, and what do you get? Golem's Biggest Regret: Joke Answer: He did not JuJu on that beat. Actual Answer: He has to roll around cause his legs are too far apart for him to walk correctly, causing a loop motion sickness that ended up so bad he started randomly puking when not spinning. Spiritomb's Crush: Gengar. A cool-looking prankster? SIGN ME THE FUCK. UP! Tynamo's Show and Tell: Their really cool shell-ejecting Nerf shotgun. I would if _I_ had a Nerf gun that could eject shells. Whismer's Bully: Meloetta. She would 100% make fun of Whismer for their garbage singing. (Even though they were born to be so loud they rival even the NUKE.) The crime that Crustle would commit: Assault and Battery. Probably towards someone who made fun of their boulder.  Pokemon I would punt the furthest: To be honest, I don't think I have the capacity to kick a Pokemon How many Rattatas can I beat in a 30 minute fight in the colluseum?: 100-200 without weapons, 300-400 WITH weapons. I'm confident in my strength. If I could make one Pokemon real, which one?: Arceus. Then he can make the rest of them.  Fuck, Marry, Kill: Fuck Walrein, Marry Sneasler, Kill Gigalith  The Pokemon I would eat: Vanilluxe. IT'S DEADASS ICE CREAM, MY GAMER. (I'd make sure it's NOT alive first, obvi)
1: Magikarp. Most universally considered pathetic and useless. Plus, it’s canonically food so it goes in a lunchbox.  2: Gyarados. Very trigger happy pokemon.  3: Tyrogue. I really wanted to find a way to put Magikarp or Gyarados here, but I couldn’t. Tyrogue is a growing athletic kid who needs a good, sugary breakfast cereal.  4: Gyarados. Wants to watch the world burn, and wants to be the person who lit the fire. Would definitely take the chance to be a part of a step in that direction 5: Magikarp. Just imagine it splashing along to the music.  6: Milotic.  7: Ninetails.  8: Dragonite. It has insane attack and is canonically very fast, it could just grab the planes out of the sky and carry them down to earth, depositing them safely on a runway somewhere. (Also Celebi. just time travel) 9: An extra large strawberry ice cream banana split.  10: He peaked as a kid. That he’s the only trade evolution that wasn’t cool or good enough to be on a gym or elite four team. But Geodude was.  11: Togekiss. Spends a lot of time with them as team mates, and fell for their personality and paraflinch strategy.  12: ChaoticMeatball. One of the few people crazy enough to do a Tynamo solo run, in black/white no less.  13: Chatot.  14: It would steal all the gems and rare metals from a jewelry store and eat them.  15: Tynamo. It has levitate, it’s tiny, aerodynamic, and light.  16: 0. In gen 4 an actual bomb is set off in a lake and all of the Magikarp survive. I think only a pokemon can hurt another pokemon. I could fight a Magikarp to a draw because what are they going to do, splash? But rattata has hyper fang, quick attack, I’m dead.   17: Alolan Vulpix would probably be a good pet and not have any world ending  side effects.  18: f* Mimikyu. Marry Zygarde Complete (look at em, they’ve definitely got a well paying 9-5). Kill chikorita, it’s a bit sad but it’s canonically a bean, put it in a soup.  19: It came all the way back to Magikarp at the end! Woo! I really wanted every answer to be Magikarp or Gyarados, but unfortunately I had to give that up pretty quick. That was fun, thanks for the great video! And good luck with the new channel all of you!
This is the funniest shit I’ve seen in a while, need more of this channel
I wish Jaden didn’t do a vtuber is really bad :/
The fact that no one said scraggy would get into a fight in the denny's parking lot kind of disappoints me.
For the hatsune miku what’s the bird with the leak? What’s his name? I completely forgot but him because leak
You cant say weegee does't  sound like rengoku 😅
Im shocked that for the "Storm the capital" question no one said Gumshoos. Literally the former president.
I'm surprised no one said Farfetched for the Miku question. It has a leek! Ievan Polka!
“Who would bully Whismer?” YOU JAIDEN. WE REMEMBER HUSH CHILD!!!! YOU KILLED HUSH CHILD
Anyone else can't not notice voids headphone is sitting on his neck
I'm sorry, nobody answered Skuntank/Gumshoos for j6?
That Cynthia answer caught me so off-guard lmao
Remember hush child
Bro alcremie was literally perfect for which pokemon would you eat
How tf did no one say Oshawatt or Sobble for the first question?
oh my god when captain kid said "the like button" the like button flashed and lit up. i ever never been more afraid of a button in my entire life.
Missed a chance to say spiritomb simps for shiny celebi. In pmd sky/time/darkness spiritomb tries to possess the 'mon celebi crushes on -grovyle- clearly in an attempt to take his place and steal her attention.
I wish I could ask “is the gay question JUST gay or is it the umbrella term?” Because Maril. Maril actually said Trans Rights.
Whoa the like button actually glows up when Captain Kidd advertised it (37:27) I've never seen that before
Surprised that for the eating question, no one picked the actual ice cream Pokémon. Or like alchremie
What Pokemon likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch? Fidough I think this is what makes them shiny! But it makes them extra tasty, making them rare.  Which Pokemon loves Hatsune Miku? Kirlia She would love to dance along to her!  What Pokemon could have stopped 9/11? Tinkaton She would smack those planes out of the sky with no hesatation.  If you could make one Pokemon real, which one would you choose? Gardevoir I have a lack of a mother figure in my life. I just want a mother.
I kinda expected someone to go for Thundurus on the horny question, wont elaborate further.
the jan 6 stuff not having gumshoos
I don’t wanna be the boring one, but Crustle has canonically committed loitering and disrupting public traffic. Definitely baby crimes but crimes nonetheless.
It's Superfight but Pokemon
I’m so glad noone said Vaporeon for the c u r s e d question
more Pokémon gameshows please!!! absolutely loved this
I mean. I guess you could milk a Tauros.... theyre all male though just an fyi
There's thousands of comments, and these creators have other things to do than read the comments, but I want it on the record that Farfetched would be Hatsune Miku's biggest fan.
Can't believe no one said Gumshoos for the Jan 6 question.
The answer "What crime would Crustle commit?"  not being 'obstruction of justice' when hid whole deal is obstructing things upset me
Dang, no love for Gardevoir?  I guess everyone is just a furry these days
Magikarp actually canonically tastes bad
4:50 Thinking that Quaxly ever was in a closet. It's 2023 starter from Europe. 11:00 Literally no one said Yungoos and Gumshoos? What?!
EXCUSE ME SMOLIV IS NOT FRENCH, he is as spanish as all the other paldean pokemon. France had it's turn with Kalos. These are ours and we don't tolerate being called french around here. Poor smoliv received the worst insult
16:10 GOODRA
I love trivia that's actually secretly an improv bit
19:05 Wobbufett. Specifucally 2 Wobbufetts.
Jaiden’s bizarre adventure
40:18  If you could bring Pokémon then just use this. Wide Lens. Golem. Rollout. (1% miss chance) If that isn’t enough. 6 bulk ups.  Golem= Hydraulic Press. Rattatas Dead:infinite
I would watch this weekly
17:35 id pick gallade
When Kidd says "See how far you can punt the like button," the like button glows!
17:30 based
the whole time i was like "wow these questions are insanely american..."  and then i got hit with the "WHAT POKEMON COULD HAVE STOPPED 9/11" and, as a chilean, died laughing.
Igglybuff is the best Pokémon to punt
How did no one say farfetch'd to the miku question???
44:33 there is *literally* an icecream cone pokemon
I’m sad no one said farfetched for hastune miku because of his leek
The Pokemon I could punt the furthest is Gardevoir. It is not affected by gravity and therefore would go an infinite distance.
Oh boy, politics in a funny pokemon quiz. Who would've guessed
Jaiden with a VTuber model is weird but good?
Bull milk............
Alternate Title: 5 Twitch Streamers Label Pokemon Like High Schoolers
Take a shot every time the say loudred
Stakataka would definitely stop 9:11 prove me wrong
as we all know: Brian David Gilbert definitively proved that togepi is the most edible Pokémon
18:45 there is a pinned post in a discord server i run that is a picture of bruxish and the caption "check out the lips on this bad gay fish god I want some fucking sloppy so BAD" so maybe he's right
How did no one answer Farfetch'd for who listens to Miku?? He is literally holding a leak
13:00 im shocked no one said farfetch AAHHA
Slightly surprised no one thought about eating Vaniluxe or Alcreamy.
"Bull milk", dude bull is the term for male💀
The most obvious answer for the Dennys question is Scraggy you fools
The correct answer to every one of these is Bidoof.
I almost died laughing at this my lungs hurt and I need my inhaler good job guys 😂
My answers per round: Sect 1 1: Shoved into a locker? Shelgon Dude wants to fly so badly, he had to evolve to protect himself from falling so much. Evolutionary equivalent of parent forcing kid to wear a bike helmet everywhere. Definitely got made fun of because he can't fly. But got awarded "Most Improved since High School" at the reunion. 2: Fights in a Denny's Parking lot? Zweilous Dude can't see and bites everything, even itself. Dude would get into a fight with himself in a Denny's Parking lot. 3: Closeted gay? Eevee. Evolutionary potential and Sylveon. No further explanation needed. 4: Cinnamon Toast Crunch? Lucario Honestly would be better for eating Wheaties, and I like Alakazam much better. (Addendum: TAUROS ARE 100% MALE, YOU DO NOT WANT TO MILK HIM) 5: Stormed the Capital? Braviary. Dude's an eagle, the very representation of America (GOBBLESS). No further explanation needed. 6: Hatsune Miku? Sylveon Look at him. He is Hatsune Miku's Pokémon 7: Toxic Disney Adult? Maushold Literally mice family. They'd go hardcore like "NO ONE CAN BE A BIGGER FAN THAN US, WE'RE LITERALLY MICE TOO" and "WE SHOULD DESERVE A PASS, WE'RE MICE AND WE HAVE KIDS, WE DESERVE IT!!" 8: Understandable attraction? ... Incineroar.  Muscular furry. No further explanation. 9: Stop 9/11? Rayquaza Controls the sky and is used to dealing with t3rr0r1sm (Addendum: Dialga is the correct answer; time is inconsequential to a time god) Sect 2 10: Landorus' guilty pleasure? Rice balls Dude helps farmers and is called "Guardian of the Fields", and maybe he just does it because he loves rice so much he does everything in his power to make sure it can grow properly.  (Addendum: I love how I'm the only one who looked to Dex data for clues) 11: Golem's Biggest regret? Evolving He had FOUR ARMS as graveler, and now has only two again, like a normie.  (Addendum: I concede to Void for his deep answer) 12: Spiritomb's crush? Whimsicott Spiritomb is a mischievous pokemon, and so is Whimsicott. Whimsicott likes covering everything with cotton as a prank, and is very pretty.  (Addendum: Again, I concede to Void because his answer deserves to be canon) 13: Tynamo's S&T? A picture of his mom (Eelektross) to show off how cool he'll look all grown up. And is 100% a mamma's boy. 14: Whismur's bully? Geodude Both are cave species in Hoenn, so they interact often. Geodude is a somewhat territorial Mon and Whismur gives off klutz vibes, so must be constantly tripping over rocks and stones in caves. Including Geodude (Addendum: Giwi is most correct) 15: Crustle's crimes? Property damage of terroristic degree Dude carries a massive boulder on her back and is extremely territorial. Likes chilling underground of a construction site, and when it's completed and populated, will remove itself from the ground and brings the entire building down, potentially k1ll1ng hundreds. Sect 3 16: Furthest punt? Cutiefly Very small, very light, round enough shape, and can fly itself way farther than I could actually kick it. Also wouldn't hurt my foot 17: Rattatta I can fight? Probably only 2 or 3, even lower-level ones. I'm a big wuss 😅 18: Real Pokemon? ABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABSOLABS- 19: FMK Generated: Munna, Morpeko (reg form), Reshiram F*ck: Reshiram got that Blue-Eyes White Dragon vibe Marry: Morpeko so Marnie can be my sister-in-law and I can officially adopt her as my sister Kill: Munna (I'm sorry, small child, but not really) 20: Eating a Pokémon? Gyarados Make sushi out of it, an actual dragon roll.
Primates the type of guy to go to waffle House, sit down, and then punch someone in the nose
As a person who’s mascot is Eelektross, I agree that Tynamo would bring his dad to show and tell
I’m sorry but the gayest pokemon to me is dragapult. He’s got his nails done, his got the limp wrist. He just looking sassy and scheming
Palafin's hero form aka the Pokemon equivalent of All-Might would've stopped 9-11
Inteleon is totally gay and hot and you cannot convince me otherwise
Drowzee would have 💯 stormed the Capital
I think joltik would go the farthest and also for anyone who wants to punt pikachu I despise you with all of my being.
Crustle would commit tax fraud
1. Slowbro / Sobble (eventhough I love him) 2. Mankey 4. Happiny
The fact that all the answers for Miku were all in the hatsuni Miku collab lmaooo
This was amazing 😂
We all know Gumshoos was actually organizing the storm of the capitol
44:47 🫡
i watched for weegee!
30:26 NO SHOT WEEGEE AND I HAD THE SAME IDEA😂
why do these poketubers feel the need to bring politics into Pokemon? then they talk abt herd mentality and shi. bruh, the delusion.
15:57 arcanine. I refuse to elaborate
Once four people were murdered in our local dennys
No one said blipbug for the first one which is literally a nerd wearing glasses and a bowtie the staple nerd look it would be getting shoved in lockers all the time
Tauros is 100% male encounter, so no thanks on the Tauros milk.
fuming in rage that no one said munchlax would like cinnamon toast crunch the most
I can't fuck a turtle so that one has to die 😂😂😂
Kick a spoink
I am heckin here for more Jaiden doing silly little game shows!❤
Love this sm how did you use these models ?
FARFETCH'D FOR THE MIKU QUESTION C'MON
HOW DID NO ONE GO FOR GUMSHOOS FOR THE CAPITAL QUESTION
Cant believe nobody said that crustle would protest by blocking traffic. He literally does it in b2w2
Why would you punt minior?😢
The closeted gay answer for me would have been Sawk: always paired up with his "friend" Throh, always has jokes made on his name to Sawk on... things, but doesn't want to play into it for fear of alienating his best friend (whom he has a crush on) and instead focusing on perfecting his martial art to keep the "wrong" thoughts away.
Giwi : "To be fair, we don't know how many Pokémon we could milk, like Tauros we could probably milk." Everyone remembering that Tauros is 100% male : "Yeah, you could probably milk it..."
>:)
None it's fear rat
lol I don’t know 99% of these Pokémon but it’s fun to watch. WHO CAN STOP FREAKING 9/11?!?!
8:25 JYNX!!!
I’m surprised no one said Morpeko hangry form for eating Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Weegee seems so cocky and like a sore loser who can’t take a joke
Please more :D
Fun fact: you can't milk Tauros because they are male Miltank
8:23 i really thought he was talking about Gumshoos/ Donald Trump
Poor Ash
I lost a point without playing I WAS THINKING MEWTWO
The fact that no one said mr.mime is a closet gay and then none one said gumshoos is the trump supporter deppley upsets my soul.
37:25 I think void had the best answer just because he’s just really pissed off at koffing from his nuzlocke 😂
Is it weird to taste you own milk?
Did not expect "Landorus is into Petplay" to be a verdict reached when I started this video but I'm not gonna kinkshame
Fun fact magikarp are practically all bones and scales there's even an anime episode talking about this where team rocket is starving and fishing and fish up james' magikarp who they can't eat because of the aforementioned reasons this magikarp even eventually becomes a gyarados and attacks team rocket for trying to eat it
Just saying the biggest Miku fan is porygon 2 a digital idol makes them feel seen and so have dedicated thier live to her.
for the rattata one i would just start learning perish song for the first 30 minutes i get and then use it, then i WOULD die but as you have seen in some dex entries, some pokemon are reincarnated people so technically i would still exist afterwards
G max duralodon for 911
I can't see Mew "The circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant" Two being part of the QAnon crowd. If the dude was involved in a protest, he'd be chucking the tear gas back at the cops during the Black Lives Matter rallies.
I finally can have a real vaporeon
here is a fun question, which pokemon has the best chance at soloing the lions
I can't believe no one said farfetched for the hatsune miku lover
My own answers  Whismur Tyrogue Wurmple Sinistea Primeape Kricketune Blissey Scolipede Machamp  Furry roleplay (Close to Giwis answer) Everything Vaporeon Idk i havent paid any attention to tynamo Scrafty Dealing illegal substances (again, close to Giwi)  Igglybuff 104 Whimsicott  Fuck Toxicroak, Marry Rowlet, Kill Bunnelby Fuck Simipour, Marry Scorbunny, Kill Grumpig Fuck Ash's Greninja, Marry Hoopa Unbound, Kill Rhyhorn Fuck Sunkern, Marry Rowlet, Kill Tirtouga Gigantamax Alcremie
For me the most openly gay is Braixen, lol. If it’s a male, Femboy. If it’s a female, witch butch les vibes.  For storming the capitol, Malamar. Not only does it hypnotize and brain wash in the anime, it’s Said in the Pokédex that malamar may have had big impact on historical events.  For Pokemon crush, literally every Furrymon.
Iggily buff would be the furthest to kick since its dex says that it’s extremely bouncy.
Wtf am i watching
Bedoof DEFINITELY would have been the first kid to get crammed into a locker. He looks like a nerd
No one saying Munchlax for Cinnamon Toast Crunch? I’m disappointed.
11:38 farfetch'd is the only correct answer (yes its bc of the leek)
Lucario would’ve stormed the capitol yall
I do like the idea of greedant being an out of shape dad with the Mickey Hawaiian shirt and cargo shorts same would go for snorlax and even DRAGONITE which was my first thought he’s so dopey and cartoony and he’s a DRAGON legendary beast
i will never forgive brayden for punting that joltik, thats my son.
Seeing Weegee again after all these years has struck a chord with me, I'm so genuinely happy to see him
Giwi's favorite pokemon is Scolipede. I now fuck with Giwi. Giwi is correct
Weegee: BULL MILK! Ummmmm sir? All bulls are male
Most closeted gay pokemon is Latios cause he refuses to mate with latias.
I did not just fucking hear that Giwi accused Landorus of having a petplay kink. Please tell me i hallucinated that.
The difference in Jaiden and giwi model tho    Jaiden FTW no need for weird physics
I'm sorry, the Vanilluxe line is the obvious choice for edible non-grass pokemon.
Weegee not only losing from the truth and then not getting his channel shown at the end is truly saddening.
omg first Q and they SLANDER espurr poor thing
Bro I was waiting for gumshoos to be pointed out for Jan 6th
Do you think anyone in the Pokémon universe has ever tried using a Gulpin for a stomach transplant on a human? Think about the implications of that. Have a good day :)
I hit the like button because it lit up when they said, "Let's see how far YOU can punt the like button." (desktop online)
I was finishing a bowl of Cinnamon toast Crunch as the question came up.
This is some of the best comedic content I've ever seen holy crap
3 ratata, rats are terrifying.
also landorus’s guilty pleasure is DEFINITELY having a tail. that thing sticks up to the moon EVEN IN incarnate forme.
For the easy answer for "Which Pokemon to make real", it's either Mew which is going to be the start of having every Pokemon once it starts to replicate or Arceus if we want to use god magic to make it fast
We NEED a second part, this was so good
Crustle commits offshore tax fraud using his shell as the offshore island.
when alakazam eating five bowls of cinnamon toast crunch simultaneously was mentioned, i said aloud in my room, “BUT HE DON’T GOT FIVE MOUTHS” now i regret having a mouth
Cynthia is the biggest Simp Queen of Pokémon. Her attracting Spiritomb is Bayleef and Ash all over again.
Likes to be walked around like a little dog... god damn it Ross.
'I cant fuck a turtle, so that one has to die"  - weegee 2023
I think Crustle would commit domestic terrorism.
Ralts shoved into the locker
One thing i love about cade is he always a wildcard (pun unintentional)
smh void didnt take into account that when he dies hes a ghost type so he can't hit the rattatas
Me sharing a name with a popular pokemon trainer alway catches me off guard for a second when people say the name in a video lmao
Jaiden, you’ve got to learn to move your arms, it’s almost like you’re an AI generated being by not moving it
37:47 Oh god, it's Weegee's Kangaroo phase all over again
talking about Jan 6 pokemon and no one mentions gumshoos?
for golems biggest regret I thought trading 2 arms for a lizard face would be one of the answers
19:54 He really had to say “multiple” plane engines 🤣
Eat Applin, it's a dragon type not grass
About the plane one: Clearly Magneton! Has electric attacks (super effective against steel/flying planes), but even better can levitate to plane-height, use thunder wave to paralyse the planes, and then use the magnet pull ability to gently lower the planes down so that the people inside are safe. Maybe you would need a few Magnetons, since each Magnetons can only take one plane, but that is still the best mon by far. Early enough (gen 1, gen 2 for electric/steel type). Note that magneton can levitate, although it doesn't have the ability in-game; the mon is two generations older than the ability and the anime has clearly shown that its prior evolution can levitate, and several Dex entries clearly state it as well.
Cmon guys, we all know Scraggy is in the locker till this day
HOLD WHEN KIDD SAID PUNT THE LIKE BUTTON IT GLOWED WHEN DID THAT CHANGE HAPPENE.
Igglybuff is 100% the correct answer to who you could punt the furthest, its dex entry literally says that once it bounces it cannot stop. It will go and infinite distance.
41:11 saying an answer for this one myself, I'd choose Flareon! Flareon is a fire type, but they're a sort of comfy warm, and besides that would basically just be a dog assuming moves don't apply.  It'd be fun to snuggle up with a flareon i feel like   For the Pokemon Eating one, I'd pick Slowpoke as well. Canonically, in the Kanto region, Slowpoke Tails are like... an actual dish. Chop the tail off, cook it, and ya got a good meal. I feel like it'd taste good.
How did no one say gumshoos for the capital one it is internally trump
I actually think the best Pokémon to punt might actually be an Oddish
Mr. Mime would bully Whismur. Whismur screams when startled (Mr. Mime would sneak up on them). Mr. Mime beats the shit out of people that interrupt his performances. Mr. Mime has soundproof and would be unaffected by Whismur's attacks.  Conclusion: Mr. Mime was made to bully Whismur.
blipbug is the most lockershovable being in fiction
The attack on Espurr hurt me on a very personal level
Golem is going through it, he became Golem after seeing the amazing beard of Alolan Golem and instantly regretted it, to calm himself down and clear his mind he decided to go on a hike and ended up killing someone, he then committed SELF DESTRUCTION only to come back to life at the center realizing that hes cursed to do it again and again.
Jaiden is in her nux arc
ngl i'm VERY shocked that nobody said Farfetch'd for the Miku one. it has a leek!!
weegee was on fire.
THAT'S Jaiden in 2023!? She went from this adorable drawing to 🔥😫Mami🥵❤️
For the 31:54 Question My answer is Scrafty
mr. mime for a republican storming the capitol? i mean his pokedex entry says that he can create walls out of tin air, you just know that mf is at the southern border rn.
the fact that no one said farfetch'd for miku fans shows how little this group of people likes hatsune miku
Weegee dropped Vore and made Giwis jaw drop. That killed me.  Also at 37:27 when Kidd says to "Punt the like button" the like button flashed Rainbow for a moment and surprised me.
Blipbug is literally a nerd.
0 ratattas - FEAR strats - a single ratatta can beat any pokemon
klefki would be shoved into a locker because they would think it was a pair of keys
Slaking
How did none of them say they'd eat Vanilluxe?
I'd love to see a Mario one.
This vid got political quick😭
Idfk dude, maybe like 2?
I am surprised that for the capitol question no one said Gumshoos... also that transition from Cinnamon Toast Crunch to "Who would storm the Capitol?" is a wild ride  And then we somehow top that with not only a r34 type question but then jump to 9/11?!
"The most understandable sexy Pokémon" and none of them said the dommy mommy harem seeker Salazzle? Really you went with a fish and a snake?
Golems biggest regret? April 11, 2017. He knows what he did.
Bull milk? BULL MILK??! Bro, that ain't milk. It gives protein, but that AIN'T MILK!
Is Giwi evil Weegee or Weegee evil Giwi??
My First wild card video. Awesome takes here!
Oli
Do not click unless you want to read the massive textblock that is my answers to each prompt. I paused the video to make my answers before hearing their's   1. Orbeetle's first stage. I mean look at him. Nerd. 2. Mankey is always down to fight in the denny's parking lot, win or lose (darmanitan was a close second) 3. Turtonator. I just get the vibe. Like he's lashing out at other dragon types and strong pokemon so much that he never really has the chance to sit down and reflect. My headcanon might've been influenced by a really good fanfic called "I will touch the skies," highly recommend, but it's a LONG read right now, and it's still ongoing 4. Slurpuff is a cereal fiend. Look at that face and tell me it's not more gluttonous for sweets/sweet foods than Munchlax 5. Sorry Primeape you just seem like a Trump supporter. Was gonna change to Vigoroth after hearing some of their arguements, since Slaking is too lazy and Vigoroth would have the same views and actually have the energy, but that'd be cheating. 6. Rotom, base form specifically. They really like the attention that her robotic voice gets and wants to follow in her footsteps 7. Hatterene, hands down. She's trying and failing to live that princess lifestyle, and it's taking it's toll on her 8. Lurantis. She's a pretty flower who looks like she'd love you unconditionally 9. Literally any psychic type riding the plane, but I'm going with Beheeyem as a TSA agent/security 10. When he's not out and about doin legendary stuff, he's relaxing at home taking care of his favorite plants. Some of them probably extinct in the rest of the world. He's gotta protect the land after all. 11. Golem regrets evolving into that pose. He thought it was intimidating looking like that, but he has horrible back problems that he can't fix, because those rocks are locked in place. Sure he can tuck in his arms and legs and everything, but he can never stand up straight. 12. Banette. Spiritomb be like, damn girl, that level of spiteful anger is real hot. If I could hold a 109th soul without splitting every soul apart I would. Wanna go haunt the person who abandoned you? (I also thought of Cynthia, but I thought that was too easy) 13. Tynamo brings a geiger counter to his 1st grade show and tell to show off that he can mimic it (and he totally doesn't bring anything radioactive to set off the geiger 🫣) 14. The Zubats in the same cave obviously. They swoop down and scream in it's ears and fly back up out of earshot before it can scream back. And it is constant. 15. He's a graverobber. He'd dig up the ground above and hunker down stealing the stuff they were buried with, or their bones to crush into dust to enrich the soil back home, and because he's got all that soil on his back, he'd never be caught in the act because it'd cover up his misdeeds until the coast was clear and he could get away. 16. Spritzee, small and round, light enough to be punted far, but not light enough that it'll affect the arc. Also might bounce a bit. 17. Not as many as they were saying. Maybe like 100? 18. Mareanie because she's my favorite. Yes, she is venomous, but it's not a deadly venom. Also having a water type with me would help my anxiety immensely if I wanted to go swimming in the ocean with my thalassophobia. 19. Generated some for myself and oh boy. F**k Veluza marry Castform and kill Bellsprout. The only cotext I will give is that I really don't like Bellsprout. 20. I like most grass types anyway so I wouldn't eat them, i don't really eat fish or red meats so it'll probably be some poultry pokemon, or weird other option... I respect Blaziken too much to eat a Combusken, so Imma go with Talonflame. Sorry buddy, nothing else really worked for my appetite...  Honestly surprised I didn't have duplicate answers in the same questions. Good job me.
This is a very interesting character arc for Jaiden
The thought of tynamo bringing aa pebble with goggle eyes to show and tell is just too cute
Gumshoos was an obvious choice for storming the capitol
Teddiursa could stop 9/11 bc he would be w Mark Wahlburg
okay but in the "which pokemon would you eat" question. the answer I always have is Luvdisc. it's a heart shaped fish steak and look at that thing, you know there's no bones in there. plus there are tons of them since they were one at risk of overfishing... but their population is big enough to turn the water pink whenever they congregate so they repopulate quickly. and they weigh on average 19 pounds so it's gonna be a lot of good fish
nobody said fuecoco for the cinnamon toast crunch question. you KNOW he'd be hyped for that shit
I literally had the exact same conversation with a friend about Mega Lopunny. I miss using it in online battles
Void's Rattata answer sadly doesn't work though, Normal types are immune to ghost
So you’re telling me that Whismer is the Crying Child?
For the Miku question: FARFETCHED HAS A LEEK!!!
This jaiden’s avatar is so overkill, i cant get enought of it and i love it
how many rattatas could i take? zero im serious a rattatas attack is higher THEN ONYX with hyper fang and essentialy have the cpaability to chew threw steel and stone im just dead.
Who bullies Wismur????               Dobbs
No one talking about snorlax
I guess I'll just list my answers starting from the attraction question: There are a questionably large amount of answers, but instead of going for the big 3, I'm instead gonna say Nidoqueen. If you want an explanation, look at her pokemon stadium idle animation. Stopping 9/11: I'm gonna go with Gallade. He's all about chivalry and protecting others. Psychic powers combined with fighting typing gives him the physical abilities to stop them and land them safely.  Landorus: He likes sand gardens and tending to bonzai trees. Golem:  Since Golem evolves from being traded, we'll say that's an allegory for moving. Before he evolved, he never asked out the cute graveler across the street he had a crush on for years. Spiritomb: Satan. Just gonna be blunt. Spiritomb contains the spirits of evil people, and who has more than the lord of darkness. Tynamo: His little brother, cause he wants to teach him to be big and strong Whismer: Electabuzz. Electabuzz is always posturing with his arms over his head. He's not actually that strong and asserts his dominance by bullying the quiet kid.  Crustle: He smuggles illegal drugs in his crust, which is actually hallowed out. Nobody can detect it with scans because it's made of dense rock, so they don't bother checking.  Puntable pokemon: Igglypuff.  Rattatas: None. It's a pokemon. Have you seen what pokemon are capable of? Hell naw. Fuck, marry, kill: Uh. . .skip Eat: That icecream pokemon.
For the 9/11 one my brain  IMMEDIATELY went to Rayquaza
7:28 ..."bull milk"? That's just... ...I don't think I'm gonna finish that sentence...
I love how Void says "He might never eat a slowpoke tail." As if it could happen one day
The fact that vaporeon has been my fav since childhood hurts my soul what has become of it in the community
Jaiden out here asking the real questions
No one choosing farfetched for the Miku question is criminal
Crustle would commit manslaughter.
"it's french" immediately invalidated Captain Kidd to me.. IT'S SPANISH WTF
"Tauros we could milk." NO, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE. THE R34 ARTISTS-
SHOCKED no one said Electrode for fighting in the Denny's parking lot
for the storming the capital - obviously gumshoos and im getting an incel vibe from male salandit
I adore Jaiden as a gameshow host. I need more of this.
Note: The Like Button seemed to glow when he said "Like Button". I'd call that manipulation.
This was amazing
Void should've won that
"What Crime would Crustle commit?" Me, who gets rocked by every Crustle in Pokemon Unite. *Murder.*
Crustle seems like the type to style very valuable artifacts (like from a museum) and then sell them for profit.  And then get caught.
Why was there no salazzle in the “you’d understand if a friend liked this pokemon” section?
all tauros are male....
If mr mime is good at conning people that makes him a perfect democrat
31:06 Jaiden! it was for squidward
Surprised that nyobody said Ferrothorn for the Jan 6th question. I mean, he is confirmed homophobic, syo who knows what other prejudices he holds? Alsyo I think Pancham and Timburr would bully Whismur, cause they're Fighting types and that's strong against Whismur.
Scraggy would've been in the locker for suuuure
I’m just gonna record my answers I came up with for each one for the fun of it:  1: Bayleaf. The entire Johto region is stacked against the poor guy and he has horrible type matchups throughout the whole game. Half the school would regularly race to see who could put him in a locker first.  2: Maushold, with the parents frantically trying to fight off their children who wanted Macdonald’s instead. (The children win.) 3: Vaporeon, most people didn’t bother to check its gender ratio before trying to test the validity of the copypasta.  4: Hydreigon :) 5: Skorupi, it didn’t even know why people were storming the capitol it just tagged along so it would have an excuse to eat the curtains 6: Deoxys, some astronaut dropped their phone out the window of a space shuttle and it floated through space until deoxys found it and gazed upon the Hatsune Miku wallpaper. That was deoxys’ first ever exposure to humankind and it’s been a Miku stan ever since. 7: Smeargle, he has a commentary channel where he rants about the newest Disney movies, every time a major grievance comes up his animated avatar crosses its arms. He wishes they would just make another 2D film already (he just like me frfr)  8: -Eelektross- Salazzle 9: Stalkatalka, he could’ve taken a hit for his building brethren.  10: Watching “The Room” by Tommy Wiseau. He forces thunderus and tornadus to watch the movie with him, much to their chagrin.  11: Self-destructing in a dynamite factory because his friend said “no balls” 12: Exactly 108 different people. Each evil spirit that makes up spiritomb has a crush on someone else. One of them has a crush on a Skiploom, one has a crush on the local Hitmonlee, one has a crush on Bubsy the bobcat, etc.  13: An active bomb, so he can show off his epic bomb diffusing skills to his classmates. (He’s colorblind ☹️) 14: Cincerace, Whismur is possibly one of the most punt-able looking Pokémon in the franchise and Cinderace would 100% jump at the opportunity to kick it across a football field.  15: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, specifically against that minecraft kid who tried to find diamonds in his shell with a pickaxe. (The deadly weapon he uses is the kid’s pickaxe, the tables have turned.)   16: Eevee, part of the “puntable” test is the size and shape of the Pokémon, but the other part is how willing you would be to take part in said punting. Pokémon like Togepi, spheal, Hoppip, and the aforementioned Whismur are all very well shaped for punting, but I wouldn’t really WANT to punt them, so I’d probably just lightly tap them with my foot instead. Eevee though, I would gladly launch to the next continent. Good riddance.  17: None because I like rattata. I would form a kinship with them over our shared love of carbohydrates, and fight alongside them instead.  18: Gastrodon, was very tempted to pick Cradily because it’s my favorite but the temptation to have an adorable fat slug companion is too strong.  19: (randomly generated 3 Pokémon for this) F: Dragapult, M: Flapple, K: Zebstrika 20: Sylveon, it kinda looks like a rabbit and rabbit meat is good in stew. Also unlike most Pokémon, I would feel absolutely no guilt for eating it because it’s racist to dragons.
Hope the next one Jaiden does would be ether more interesting Pokemon questions, or with something else like Super Mario, Legend of Zelda, or Dragon Quest!
I think I would eat a mamoswine, giant boar mammoth sounds like it would slap. I'm thinking that if I'm forced to eat a Pokemon, you're in a life or death situation, so roasting a whole mamoswine would be a feast. Mega fatty pork belly.   Also Magikarp can't be eaten easily, team rocket tried before and it's hard as a rock! Inedible!
This was really silly, and really fun. The answers taht the contestants gave were often funny, unique, and well thought out. I'd love to see more like this.
What better to stop the plane from hitting the building than the jet Pokémon himself, Latios? His speed will help him catch up to the plane and use its psychic powers to hold the plane back (or move the control stick to change the plane's direction) and stop it from hitting the building in the first place.
There is no way the didn't pick Gumshoos for raiding the capital
Ofc Spinda would love cinnamon toast crunch! Spinda already looks like a cinnamon roll bun, and they're crazy! Cinnamon toast crunch would make them go crazier!
I don't think you really want to milk Tauros.
Giwi in the first f*cking question already dissing a cunning classmate friend from PSMD, I can't believe it. Espurr has done nothing wrong and even acted as a double agent for our sakes. Put a little more respect on her name.  That being said... the real correct answer to the first question (and it pains me to say this) would be Goomy. He's literally the one who gets picked on by Pancham and Shellmet in PSMD. If Serene Village's school had lockers, Pancham would absolutely dunk Goomy into one just so he'll miss class for the day, only for the protagonist and sidekick to rescue Goomy from later after class is over.
9:10 counter point mewtwo is 100% a liberal he would be protesting but it would be for blm and free palistine
for the dennys parking lot question i would say incinnaroar
Rattata qwestion:i take my garchomp ad earthquake every one off the 1000000000000000 rattatas all at once
15:56 I was hoping one of them would’ve said salazzle lmao
I spit out my drink when he said Bruxish, and started coughing increasingly harder with each sentence he said explaining himself
idk if they all saw the miku-pokemon collab, but they all chose pokemon that was in official art as the different miku's partner pokemon
for the rattata one Two words: endeavor + quick attack
I am thoroughly impressed that Gardevoir didn't even get mentioned in the "what pokemon is attractive" prompt.
Let's go Void
From watching this I realized you don't understand how cows work you can not milk a bull and you would not eat a cow that produces milk
How did no one put gigantamax duraladon for the 9/11 one? Cant hit the building if it fights back.
Y’all missed the obvious DELELELEWOOOOOOOP for the Hatsune Miku fan
I was surprised that noone mentioned Bellibolt for the Hatsune Miku one.
I love this format!
Today, I became a Giwi fan
Hi jo
For the pokemon that is a hatsune miku fan i thought ogerpon cause i think ogerpon would wanna rock the mask miku wore in the synchronicity story
35:15 surprise answer whalelord yeah he is 600lbs but because of his size his density is less than air so he'd go pretty far
Best Pokémon to punt is Igybuff. As per the Pokédex:  -It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop. -Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere.  You kick that and it will just keep going.
Farfetch'd would be a Miku stan. Leek spin!
20:58 Those Pokémon all existed we just didn't know about them! Weegee was the true winner there.
"I see now that the circumstances of one's birth is irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."  Mewtwo says trans rights and would not support Donald Trump as a result
What crime would Crustle commit? I don't know why, but my immediate answer was tax evasion.
My counterpoint to Captain Kidd in the final question: Magikarp canonically tastes HORRIBLE, and has very little meat on its bones to boot. I would've gone with Oinkologne: I love ham and bacon, and the leftover meat would make for good hot dogs/sausages, which I also love.
Stop putting political and social commentary in your videos please. You are gaming YouTubers and that's what I thought I was subscribing to. Play the damn games!!! Unsubscribed already. I thought this channel would be fun gamer content and you went and ruined it.
"geewee" and "wigi" in the samt sentence, right after eachother? Coincidence? I think not!  I must admit I laughed. No clue who they are and for all I know they might be a duo where the names being related like that might in fact be intentional, but for my own humor I will assume they are normally two entirely unrelated youtubers XD  edit: a bit in, not a fan of how often they answered with pokemon I have absolutely no clue about. Wish they kept it to gen 1-3 simply because I know about those (well, maybe not 3 so much, but at least encountered majority of them), and maybe gen violet, to cater to new kids who don't know older gens (even if I have no idea about it)
Crustle can do no wrong.
The fact that I said Tynamo would bring his dad too is amazing
I would have gone with a far worse answer for Spiritomb because it's made exclusively of evil spirits. Mine would have been Bunneary because it's a child.
Sobble; kid shoved in locker Scrafty: dennys fighter leavanny; closeted I was going to say yamper too for Cinnamon Toast Crunch enjoyer yungoose; storming the capital cherim: miku fan Mr.Rime was my Disney answer too  And I got bored and stopped 😂  Ok one more spiritomb has a crush on sableye
Hear me out on the Denny's parking lot one. Meowth. He'd f up some pancakes before f-ing up the kid at the next table for screaming.
Denny’s parking lot is one of these two answers. Zangoose and Seviper. Their Pokédex entries exude “Denny’s parking lot fight” energy
I just wanted to point out that they didn't think of eating vanillish, or alcreamie the ice cream and cream/cake pokemon, who are notably not grass types
Tauros are are all male
this was just perfect kkkkkkkkkk
Surprised none of them said Celebi for the 9/11 question. Dialga is a Time God, so wouldn't want to mess with time unless absolutely necessary. But Celebi is literally the Time Traveler pokemon though, they're fine with tampering with time unlike Dialga. So I imagine Celebi doing something similar to the shiny Celebi in the PMD Explorers game, and using their time travel abilities even if they have to defy Dialga to do it.
Weegee had the best point for puntability
8:09 Gumshoos no questions asked
Void seems so pure in this group
Alakazam was the only correct answer to the cinnamon toast crunch question
Everyone missed the objectively correct answer on the 9/11 question. First, let’s assume the planes are already in the air, like most of the contestants did. Keep in mind whatever Pokémon would also have to FIND the planes, since they had their transponders off and could not be located in time. Therefore, whatever Pokémon you choose would have to be able to a) find the planes b) be able to catch a jet airliner and c) be able to stop it. My choice of Pokémon would be Latios. It has powerful telepathy that it could use to locate the planes and it is confirmed to be able to fly faster than a jet plane. In addition, even if it’s psychic powers aren’t powerful enough to stop the entire aircraft, it has the power and intelligence to be able to manipulate the aircraft’s control surfaces and force it to land with minimal casualties.
10:39 My head where Void was at, but I don’t think it’s Muk. There’s gotta be a Slaking family out there where the dad Slaking is laying around watching TV and relays all the stuff he hears so his child Vigoroth. Slaking doesn’t have the energy to go out and riot anymore, but Vigoroth does, and fuel by rage from the nonsense he heard from his dad, stormed the capitol
funny that the boulder guy lives a recurring horror day on day like sisyphus pushing the boulder lol
Suprised no one said Spirtomb would have a crush on Hisuian Typholsion. My dude literally attracts souls. They wanna be ‘absorbed’ by him so bad if you catch my drift.
For the rattata question, personally, I'd spend that 30 minutes prep time snuggling with the singular rattata I would be willing to beat up. Then I would grab it by the tail, spin it in the air, and chuck it somewhere into the distance. (I'm sorry rattata but I own 2 cats 💔)
19:13 duraladon
Landorous is a paypig for sure, he’s constantly on OF. Makes me think of that guy who “ran into” the only fans model he’s the top spender to. Buff, weird old man with a porn addiction.
Wobbuffet vs plane, just saying.
i love void❤
20:15 Dialga would also go back in time to the first Thanksgiving to get turkeys off the menu.
I feel like we don't drink bull milk because well ummmmm you know
farfetchd was the only right answer to the miku question they were all wrong
Bruxish is literally named after grinding teeth together x.x
I disagree with Void on the Cinnamon Toast Crunch question, if there's one cereal those dog pokemon are gonna want it's COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKIE CRISP
For the second question, the answer is Annihilape
y'all really didn't think of Farfetch'd as a Miku fan? theyre constantly ready for the leek dance!
They seem to forget that Rattata is a foot tall rat, with moves like Quick Attack, Super Fang and Hyper Fang which can cut your Hp in half real quick. They are not surviving one Rattata
Igglybuff is the one that would be punted the furthest
For the Pokémon at Denny’s, I’d give it to Kanghesis Khan. She’s a Karen and I think her kid had an allergic reaction to the food which sent her off and the police are trying to escort her out but she keeps yelling at the service workers.  Honestly, Khanghesis Khan would be at January 6th too. She’s trying to save the kids from gay people for sure. She’s literally bringing her kid to the rally’s too, really wants to make sure she opens his mind to the truths of the world and that gay people can’t indoctrinate him.
NOBODY SAID BLIPBUG FOR THE FIRST ONE WHEN IT’S LITERALLY A SCHOOL NERD.
How dare weegee say that about serperior my favorite pokemon
The first question my initial thought was feebas. All because of the careful who you bully in school meme. Goes from canonically the ugliest Pokémon to canonically the most beautiful.
for who eats the cinnimen toast crunch is would say guslord
I would have chosen Cofagrigus as the closeted gay pokemon, he looks like he's hiding in a shell of himself, waiting to come out. Also its in his name
12:12 now you would think its johtonian farfetched but its actually galarian farfetched and sirfetched
Deoxys is a Hatsune Miku stan. Each arm has two glow sticks it can wave around and in Infinite Fusion it can literally become Hatsune Miku when fused with Gardevoir.
I took back my like for that afterthought decision 👎
Im surprised that for the first one no one mentioned blipbug, the literal nerd emoji pokemon
The first one I thought about for the Hatsune Miku question was Sobble. Sobble gives me vibes of an autistic weeb who would destress after a sensory overload by going under a blanket and watching Hatsune Miku videos on their phone.
Poor Weegee, Vaporeon giveth and Vaporeon taketh
Ngl i couldn't beat a single rattata
Munchlax would destroy some cinnamon toast crunch. He's a kid version of Snorlax so only he would appreciate the cinnamon swirls in every bowl.
15:55 Really no one chose Ditto
I’d eat a Tepig.  Fire type pig?  It’s cooked itself.  Ham and bacon yes please.
wasn't it mentioned in the anime that magicarp is barely edible because it's like. all skin and bones or something
For the Capitol one, I would have said Registeel (cause of his gen 4 sprite)
Shiny Krookodile got shoved into every locker, to the point he has preferences for which ones he gets locked into.
42:50 "I can't fuck a turtle, so that has to die"
Perish song would be good for the rattatas. they hear it, they die
Im surprised no one said farfetched for the Miku one.
Weegee totaly understands what people like 😌
I would’ve put Primeape for Pokémon that loves Hatsune Miku. If you know you know. R.I.P.
Golem tried to stop 9/11 FIRST and failed thats what he regrets Jigglypuff STILL STOPPED IT He’s not sad that he couldn’t save people, he’s sad that it wasn’t him who saved them.
Suprised no one went the Redditor route for miku lover
I'm amazed no one said Munchlax for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch. It's an insatiable child.
Really fun idea for a quiz and great video, but to give a bit of constructive feedback: I usually sit with youtube on the side and haven't played much Pokémon since gen 3, so would have been great to have the Pokémons up the whole time they were explaining their choice, to better follow their explanation. Maybe even keep their choices shown till the end of the round, for easier comparison between all four. Can't wait for the next one!
It’s a crime that they didn’t do the school shooter joke with sobble/drizzle evolving into inteleon
7:20 gogoat milk is actually a thing in cannon too just like miltanks, it even is the only other mon that can learn milk drink, so tecnically we know theres at least 2 pokemon we can milk.
The first answer should have been Orbeetle's first form, it's literally a f*** bookworm nerd bug 😭😭😭
Half of the answer could be ledian
17:24 Glad to know that I'm not the only one who would've answered a snake on this question, though my guess would've been Arbok. I'd get it if someone's into just the pure primal muscle of a very large snake hahaha.
For landorous's guilty pleasure I went with ice skating or roller blading. This is because of his therian form having clouds on his feet and making him hover over the ground.
I am absolutely floored that no one answered Gardevoir to the attraction question.
Bro they asked what pokemon fights at a denny's and my mind immediately went to bewear, that thing qas always looking for the smoke and in the anime not even the ultrabeasts could stop them
gmax duraludon could've been a fodder tower put up right next to one of the towers or both and stopped a big majority of citizen casualties
I was screaming scrafty at my screen durring the second round because while primape is definitely the best choice scrafty is a very good second
I'm surprised Gardevoir didn't even get mentioned in the attraction phase.
my answers 1, I left my klefki in the locker 2. Tyranitar would fight at Denny's. 3. Mankey is closeted gay, why he's so frustrated all the time. 4. Flabebe loves cinnamon toast crunch fight me. 5. Tyranitar would be my first answer... But then I thought gumshoos the trump looking pokemon would storm the capital. 5. Whismur is definitely a milku fan. They be shy till they hear a song play and they can't help but to sing with it 6 Disney adults, plusle and minun are mice, and watch all the movies together. 7 basic answers, mega Gardevoir is in a wedding dress. The unique answer is himonchan as a fighting boxer tomboy. 8.Elgyem, abduct the plane. 9. Landorus guilty pleasure.... Shibari 10. Golums biggest regret was giving 2 of his arms to machamp during the wonder trade. 11. Spiritomb has a crush on Chandelure as Chandelure can burn away all 108 of its spirits releasing it of sin. 12. Tynamo would bring a light bulb to power it up. 13. Pancham 13. Crustle commits destruction of property... Just hates cars. he cuts the metal with his claws, stands in the middle of the road to absolutely demolish speeding cars with his shell. 14. I can punt solosis the furthest. like bouncy ball. 15. 4 rattatas 16. Sceptile, just to eat those back fruits like ash did in the anime. 17. Fuck Sneasler, Marry Maractus (life long cute partner, would cheer up the rest of my days), Kill Crabominable.  Random generator answers Scatterbug, dracovish, carkol  Fuck drakovish, marry scatterbug, kill car coal....  i do not want to fuck or marry coal, too messy. I also like scatter bug.  I tried to re roll my genorator and I got yamper, iron leaves and vaporeon... Yeah im done  18 If i was forced to eat a pokemon. Alcreme obviously... But if thats not allowed then tauros meat steaks.
How on earth did nobody think of Lechonk to eat? Gotta get that bacon.
I feel like Cubone would get shoved into a locker, I love him but he's small, venerable and has dead parents. Easy target. Also Embaor would definitely storm the capitol in the front lines.
11:49 meloetta was the first pokemon in the pokemon x hatsune miku collab
For "What Pokemon is the most closeted gay," the correct answer is clearly Smeagle. Guy's got awkward/stubborn art major vibes, he is 100% in denial.
for the miku one I thought Farfetch'd cuz they both hold leeks
Fir the 911 one, I 100% would have said gigantamax garbador. Just look at it!
For the thumbnail; It depends on the level. 2 lvl 5 pokemon trashed a room in gen 5, so I'd say if it's lvl 2 ratattas, I'd be able to take down about 8-12 before they get me.
"What is Golem's biggest regret?"  Caboose: You're round and you can't wear pants.
this crustle SLANDER my lad would be an excellent robber  IT KNOWS SHELL SMASH
Crustle's crime would absolutely be illegally blocking highways in 100+ degree weather
Surprised no one brought up eating Octillery. Spicy octopus rolls are amazing.
ABSOLUTELY do more of these gameshows
Everyone went with Primeape for that one question except for Weegee and apparently me lmao, I would have gone with Sharpedo because it chases literally everything that moves so it would pick a fight at Denny's
For the milk question- there is a very good reason nobody drinks bull milk-
19:27 fight subside bombers with bombers
I'm going to give the Pokemon-attraction point to the Serperior answer given I've gotten Serperior requested more than once in the context of lewd stories. And before anyone asks, yes, of course I wrote the stories.
Punt Joltik!
Good luck bro
I would have said tinkatink for the 1st question
EUSTASS CAPTAIN KID????????
4:30 meowth asked out a boy in the anime
You cant tell me NO ONE thought Scrafty would be throwing down at Dennys.   That boy was constantly picking fights in the anime.
Brother just said my boi crustle is slow, tell me how slow he is when he shell smashes, actully just look up clips of crustle in pokemon unite
Why did the whismur line take so many fucking hits
How did no one say gumshoos for storming the capitol
I mean, the only objectively correct pick for making any 1 pokemon real is Arceus since it by proxy could create every other pokemon that has existed and then you'd have every pokemon : )
7:20 Tauros are all male...
Stormed the capitol, Emboar, take it or leave it
They slept on Kangaskhan being the Disney mom (the Karen kind). She has her baby with her as the over protective mother, and is willing to cause a scene at the slightest inconvenience.
0:20 Sobble
I can't believe Weegee really went, "First of all, vore." When justifying Serperior
Duuuude They really missed Petplay on ladorous
I’m so surprised no one said Gumshoo for the Jan 6th question. I thought it was the obvious answer!
Kidd saying that a Spanish pokemon is French physically hurt me
I was thinking for the hatsune miku one, Kirlia. They give off 2020 scenecore vocaloid fan vibes
For the question where what Pokemon would you understand if someone told you they were attracted to it I was surprised that no one said Gardevoir 💀
Jaiden I respect the decisiveness of your choice of winner but Cade was robbed
Says no Lopunny and deducts points for Vaporoen.. how cold hearted ._.
Morpeko for the Denny's fight, literally the Hangry pokemon
Fun video. Can anyone tell me the name of the piece of music used at 25:17 when Void is talking about Golem? I know its used in many many youtube videos but I've never known the source
My take to the gay Pokemon: ITS MINIOR, LITERALLY HIDDEN IN A SHELL AND THE COLORFUL RAINBOW BELOW, CLOSETED GAY PRIDE FLAG
Weegee should of followed the gag and say the pokemon he could punt the furthest be whismur
I would make Absol real, my favorite pokemon. And although it is said they cause natural disasters, in reality they warn people so they could be a good utility animal for predicting natural disasters and reducing casualties as there is time to prepare.
I have two answers for The most January 6th Pokemon Conkeldurr and Lieutenant surges Raichu
Show and tell dad "HE HAS NO WEAKNESS!"
Golem's biggest regret is shitting himself in Pokémon Stadium
7:20 "To be fair, we don't know how many other Pokemon we could milk. Like Tauros, we could probably milk"  Does she... does she know Tauros is 100% Male??
Nah, forget Jo-Jos bizarre adventure, we got Jaiden’s bizarre game show
crustle's eyes tell me he does what he thinks needs to be done. he commits warcrimes.
Wimpod wouldn't get shoved into a locker. How they gonna catch the fucker?
Gumshoos would deafnutly storm the capitol
Bruh, smoliv ain't French he's Spanish
No-one said Ditto for the smash or pass one
18:39 how did nobody say tsareena for this question
I think 1 Rattata will solo anyone Cause of F.E.A.R Strat  Focus Band  Endeavor  (quick)Attack  Repeat
Bull milk
Gumshoos f9r jan 6 answer
I surprised no one wanted to make real Arceus. It is like All-in-One bundle to make real any and every pokemon.
My answers were: Sobble Pangoro Azumarill Lickitung Mightyena Skeledirge Swalot Hatterene Abra (Teleport) Listening to Yaoi Smut audiobooks Being Rock/Ground type Mismagius He’d bring in his lunch because he forgot to actually bring something Makuhita Money Laundering Plusle If I can learn Mach Punch it’s over Cyndaquil FMK: Nah Klawf
15:55 Dissapointed no one answered Salazzle.
7:28 …aren’t all bulls male…?
fuck it im writing my answers bc if theres one thing i love about these types of things its the variety of answers!   *Locker Kid:* snorunt. if anyones getting picked on its the runt of the litter. second answer politoed, hes the optimistic freshman who tells the teacher they forgot about the homework. *Dennys Fighter:* arceus. if theres anywhere im fighting god, its a dennys parking lot. second answer bidoof for the same reason *Closeted Queer:* MIMIKYU. mimics the pikachu in order to fit in while hiding itself. second answer cofagrigus. bury your gays + being undead = using your coffin as a closet. *Mmm Cimmanim:* igglybuff. that is a kid on a sugar high. second answer milcery/alcremie, i think the cimmanim crunch would be like one of the berry toppings of the evolution *Shitty Revolutionary:* gimmighoul. that little shit wants nothing but his own profits, he would storm the government if he thought he might make money. second answer incineroar and i dont think i need to elaborate.  *Miku Lover:* sylveon and pikachu. do i need to elaborate. third answer farfetch'd for the leekspin.  *Overly Disney:* fuck it. lopunny. second answer diggersby. they are the Disney Loving Parents they will drag their children around the park all day long. no snacks no bathroom breaks they have an ITENERARY. but diggersby is the dad who loves star wars and marvel; the properties disney Buys. lopunny is the purist mom who is here for princesses and the mice. *Smash? Ok...:* hariyama. hariyama is canonically flinging 10-ton trains, is made of pure muscle, and values kindness and etiquette. my second answer lickitung.  *Twin Towers:* the obvious answers are the gods. the real answer (besides braviary) is alolan exeggcutor. that longneck palm tree couldve taken the hits. my second answer is tinkaton. take the planes down like corviknights. *Guilty Pleasure:* hairstyling. it must take a lot of work to get that hair into the log-like structure, and to get that mustache into the perfect point. i think he goes for those to mask his love of hairstyling as something macho and manly but in secret he loves to try cute and fun styles. *Golem's Regret:* i have no thoughts on golem im not gonna lie.  *Spirit's Love:* who better for the souls of the damned than the souls of the damned? the 108 souls that make up spiritomb have crushes on each other!  *Show and Tynamo:*  he brings a cool rock :) < i wrote that before two of them said a rock.  *Bullying Whismur:* sableye. this little shit would love upsetting whismur for no reason.  *Criminal Crab:* crustle is a crab; much like crabrave, he will cheer for the deaths of royals and wealthy. but crustle's not satisfied patiently waiting. crustle will kill them. and start the crabrave itself. he killed kissinger, *Long Punt:* not just a test of skills and math, but of wills: that stupid fuckin diaper egg bird i hate that bird. most pokemon i would not WANT to punt, and therefore would not try. the diaper egg caveman bird whose name i never bothered to learn, however, i would punt that thing to gods realm. *F.E.A.R. Him:* none. this thing is too fast and small for something as large as a human to get in a hit. once its on your legs, its over. it quick attacks first thing, getting in close, and unless youve got the reaction time of a botw flurry rush, youre done. *Real Boy:* appletun. i love him, i have a friend who loves him, i would love nothing more than to give that friend an appletun.  *Randomized FMK:* rayquaza mega, clefairy, swampert. rayquaza mega for bragging rights, clefairys cute and playful and if im marrying anyone theyve gotta be fun, and swampert gets the short end of the stick. *Mealtime:* my first answer is Also Miltank bc steak is my favorite. my second answer is the aformentioned diaper egg bird. i would feel so superior to that little thing. slow roast that shit put it on the holiday table.
The pokemon I would make real is WITHOUT a doubt Haxorus. Awesome pokemon, and I'd breed 2 to make axew, one of my favorites of all time. It's a 2 in 1!
Yo we know Exploud be vibin to hatsu miku as much as he be rockin out to hardcore deathmetal  Golems biggest regret is being a rock type
Should have made ditto real then you have every Pokemon  Or Mew Or Arceus to create a new dimension
The genies Therian forms are based around the directional Beasts of Asian mythology. Landorus, specifically, is based on the White Tiger of the West. The other 3 being the Azure Dragon of the East, the Vermillion Bird of the South, and the Black Tortoise (which is often depicted as some weird turtle/snake hybrid existance) of the North.
Koffing wins the punting answer for me. Pikachu is close, because at some point you get tired and you don't want to see it anymore. But the story of rage towards Koffing? Yeah. If you hate something, you're putting strength behind that and you're doing it with intention
Pointing out Tauros is an only male species, that milk would be sus
I love ham sandwitches so lechonk is gonna be yummy yummy in my tummy
I want rowlet or sceptile as a real mon, cause they’re my fav mons who wouldn’t kill me(my second fav mon is krookadile which would delete me)
Giwi makes a compelling case, what if we could milk other pokemon? Like Tauros. The exclusively male counterpart to miltank. The possibilities are endless.
Nah bro if espurr tells me to not come to school tomorrow I would 100% oblige. Bro has murder on his mind.
Vaporeon was the objectively correct answer, they did him dirty
There are pokemon that are literally food like whipcream, ice cream and a dog bun, yet these guys pick miltank and slowpoke
“Who would bully Whismur?”  See Jaiden’s first nuzlock video.
why does giwi have bub physics
WOAH IT'S JAIDEN
For the storming question how was gumshoos not mentioned
The cinnamon toast crunch one, after I heard Alakazam, the image where alakazam is bringing a spoon to his mouth while sabrina watches instantly came to mind ngl perfect answer
Spiritomb definitely has a crush on Sableye. When they were first introduced it was rocky, since they were forced to compete as the only two pokemon without weaknesses, and Spiritomb was considered better so it was a tough gap to bridge. But next gen, Eelektross rolled around and now a magic type without weaknesses wasn’t quite as alluring anymore, there were three now and with some variation, and then Gen 6 rolled around with fairy type and now they had a weakness. So now, even though they aren’t the cool kids on the block anymore for their typing, now there’s no status quo to uphold and I think it’s just a matter of time until one tells the other.
Sorry not to um actually but captain Kidd couldn’t eat a magikarp because they are described as inedible mostly being just scale and bone
Weegee definitely won the punt question with minior
Yungoose would've stormed the capitol if not for his secret service agents refusing to take him to the capitol building. Even if he tried to strangle his driver with his tiny Yungoose paws  Rotom is physically able to make out with Hatsune Miku. Think about that.  Alakazam has an absurdly high IQ. It can foresee Al-Qaeda's plans to hijack those planes and can teleport itself to each air port and then melt their brains. Even if the planes get into the air, Alakazam can teleport onto the planes, melt the terrorists' brains, teleport all the passengers to safety, and then learn how to fly a jet just by looking at the controls for a second, thus turning on the auto-pilot to go around in circles until it lands each plane safely. Not to mention it was in Gen 1, thus was available in 2001. A Japanese Alakazam would have from February 27, 1996 to prepare for this.    Spiritomb has a crush on the only other Spiritomb. The two Spiritombs of Sinnoh are forbidden lovers. One with Cynthia, the other waiting for a worthy trainer. But even when the waiting Spiritomb gets their trainer, they have a very low chance at coming face to face with Cynthia's Spiritomb.  I think I could beat one Rattata. Possibly up to three if they're a low enough level. All Pokemon are incredibly dangerous. There's a reason hardened criminals will give up if you beat them in a Pokemon battle, even if the one Pokemon left standing is a Rattata at 1 HP. A tackle could break bones and rupture organs. If you have a Pokemon, you are armed. Though a criminal will still surrender to that if it's the last one standing. I could possibly beat ONE with a baseball bat if I managed to dodge it.   If I didn't have to eat an entire Pokemon, I agree with Void. Slowpoke. Slowpoke tails grow back. No Slowpokes die by my hand.
"Like Tauros we could probably milk"  All Tauros are male
Everyone who thinks they can beat more than 2 rattatas is a fool! They can effortlessly chew through even hard wood, so human limbs are no problem. They can even attack you with sucker punch before you can do anything.
Cade answered the question of 'Who would've tried to stop 9/11" rather than who could do it(Granted the bird is able to fly while carrying a car according to the dex). My answer would've been mewtwo lol  Also I super vibe with Giwi wanting Scolipede to be real
Weegee wins in my heart
Naahhhhhh mewtwo's a leftist he would not be q
I still think Vaporeon is legit it's a dog that can clean after itself solving half of dog problems
Seems fun so here are my answers for all the questions in order:  •Sobble is a crybaby so it definitely gets shoved into lockers, specifically by Treecko (he looks like a cocky guy and also type advantage)  •Crabrawler is a coconut crab, those bastards eat literally anything so he definitely would frequent Denny's. He seems to have bad temper and is a boxer so his first option when confronted in a parking lot is very likely throwing hands (or claws)  •Popplio. He got bullied the most during the Sun/Moon era. He got called ugly and a lot of people disliked his evolution Brionne. Poor lil guy must be reluctant to evolve and be his true self after all that.  •I didn't know what cinnamon toast crunch was before they said it was cereal so my first answer was Munchlax. Mf eats like there's no tomorrow so it felt like a good general pick. But know I think it still fits. It's a baby pokemon after all. Needs a balanced diet and what better than cereal amirite?  •Falinks. They are already a group and know war tactics. Perfect for storming places  •Thundurus. All three genies tbh but Thundurus is blue like Miku's hair. Also, what legendary electric type was paired with Miku for the promo? Miraidon. What is Thundurus? A legendary electric type. Finally, Meloetta is the Miku of the pokemon world, and in lore, Meloetta is the master of the genies. In the anime, all 3 genies are summoned when they hear Meloetta singing. I also think Thundurus attending a Miku concert with a shirt and glow sticks is very fun idea  •Kangaskhan. She was already a mom by the 90's so she definitely grew up with old disney films. She takes her baby to disneyland al the time with other kangaskhan moms and mega-evolves so that it can get on rides for sure  •Salazzle. She has a harem of male salandit. She literally gaslights, gatekeeps and girlbosses  •Lugia. They were around during 2001. With a flap of their wings they could start a 40 day storm on september 10th and cause all flights to be cancelled due to bad weather. Even if the plane did take off, Lugia is a powerful psyquic/flying type, a legendary no less. Bet they can use their psyquic powers and strenght to just make the plane land safely  •Landorus' guilty pleasure is genning teams built around himself to play casually with his friends  •Golem's biggest regret is losing 2 of his arms upon evolving from Graveler. He is now an inferior specimen  •Spiritomb is made of 108 EVIL spirits so it probably has a crush on Giratina, lord of the distortion world. But it's a parasocial thing. Spiritomb thinks Giratina is the pokemon version of satan(they kinda are, really), someone who wants to see the world Arceus created burn while all Giratina really does is kinda just vibe in their own dimension  •I think Tynamo would bring a cd player and an imagine dragons mix but he'd just keep looping "Thunder" over and over again until everyone gets sick of it  •I also thought everyone. There aren't many pokemon who wouldn't bully Whismur. Sobble and Smoliv for example cause they all get shoved into the same locker every Monday  •Crustle literally just shanks people in dark alleys (or top/bot lane) then shell smashes to get away  •Igglybuff, no contest. According to the pokedex, Igglybuff cannot stop bouncing once it starts. Forget punting you can just gently toss it to the ground and it'll bounce up into space  •Combining the pp of karate chop, low kick, low sweep and stomp (these are all moves a human can realistically know) makes a total of 85. 136 with pp max. If I spend the 30 minutes prep time maxing out my moves and drinking proteins I can definitely take the 136. I could also bring a Leppa berry to beat an additional 10 Rattata  •Like Giwi, my favourite pokemon is Scolipede. Unfortunately, it wouldn't fit in my apartment. I'd choose Venipede instead. It's smaller so it's the more responsible choice imp. It could sit on my lap while I pet it and we could play inside without the worry of destroying my place  •Kill Swalot, fuck Mienshao and marry female Combee (those are the ones I got from the generator)  This is definitely the longest comment I've ever written holy shit It was fun tho
Chingling has the ability levitate, so it would probably never hit the ground.
37:00 The obvious choice was Igglybuff. She's basically just "The Kickball Pokemon"
Everyone took the wholesome route with tynamo. No that dude would’ve brought his type chart to show and tell to rub salt in the wounds of spiritomb and sableye who used to have no weakness before fairy was added
Golem's biggest regret is never learning Hebrew and feeling like an imposter around his cousin Golurk.
If I were to give an answer to "most closetted gay Pokémon"  I would probably say Zangoose!  Long-running rivalry with Seviper (a literal snake) and they don't even have a reason - like a predator vs prey sorta thing - no, they just hate each others guts! So imagine if one day, they suddenly realize "...shit, I kinda like you!" They'd never be able to admit that given how long their bloodline's been fighting, but they would _definitely_ be thinking about slamming faces in a different way than usual!
Come on, obviously it is gardivour for the biggest hatsune miku fan. The shiny is literally cosplay
Weegee has the best answer
surprised no one chose whalord for how far you can kick a pokemon, isnt that thing lighter than air? could probably just tap it with your foot and it’ll fly up
8:07 Jaiden, normally you have so much of my respect but WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!? did u think this was funny? I saw that tragedy live and what I felt must've been what many felt when seeing 9/11 happen live, the sheer horror and shock and fear that shook the world that day, even probably for years to come... this was a pretty insensitive question and it will probably just send so much controversy through these comments, I hope you don't get canceled and I hope you apologize someday, I'm not mad, just a little hurt...😔 best of luck Jaiden            @JaidenAnimations @Jaiden
I was gonna say I relate to giwis description of espur but then the school shooter comment popped in and I was like Oh
I haven't laugh like this with a video in a long while. Please do another one, this is so good!!
2:16 Cubone nothing else needed to be said
With spiratomb, why did no-one say itself? Its 108 spirits so the easiest answer would be to say its polyamorus ans loves itself
Beedrill would totally get into a fight in a Denny's parking lot
Blipbug, Muchlax, Eevee, Alcreamie, Gumshoos, Whismur, Hatterene, Mega Lopunny,
"called soldiers of the sky"did MandJtv write that Dex entry?
Nobody said Snorlax. You know what question I'm talking about.
Jaiden canonically bullies Wimpods
15:55 This is me sometimes as an ace when my friend tells me they attracted to someone😂
8:07 zangoose is the only correct awnser. Canonically racist, attacks in groups, no one likes them
If I had to make a pokemon real it'd be Diancie. I think we would be ride-or-die besties AND i don't have to worry about student loans
The anime has already shown that Magikarp is inedible. As for Farfetch'd, its design comes from an expression that goes "beware a duck that comes bearing leeks," which basically means "if it seems to good to be true, it probably is." This makes me think that Farfetch'd probably doesn't taste very good.
Aren’t you supposed to punt Magikarp in order for him to evolve.😂
i wouldve gone with hattrem for the dennys question. why? when hattrem comes close to strong emotions it will literally just start wailing on you. dennys is the perfect place to get fucked up by one
i can appreciate these answers..
19:11 bombirdier
The correct answer for the Denny’s parking lot fight question was Guzzlord. It’s gotta have ate a Denny’s, and mfs be fighting it all the time
8:08 The correct answer is Zekrom. It is not concerned with truth and has tried to overthrow the Unovan government.
For the hell of it, let's play along and put our answers down here!  1: Scraggy.  Guy talks a big game but would easily get stuffed in. Big bro Scrafty though would then beat the bully up. 2: Damn it, I also went with Exploud, RIP my point 3: Honestly had a hard time with this one, also ended up on Quaxwell since Quaquaval is so out there. 4: Sticking with same brain as Void, went with Emolga for this one 5: How the hell did I actually score with Braviary, dude's literally 'murica in a Pokemon 6: There are some really obvious answers, so going a bit out there, Porygon-Z.  Program for a program. 7: For some reason Wigglytuff was the first one that came to mind. Constantly positive, a bit childish, kind of fits for this one, I guess 8: I know it's gonna get picked but I gotta simp right, Lopunny (Ayyyy Giwi and I same brain, but honestly basic Lopunny over Mega.  I think it's the claws and the rounded fluff, not doing it for me as much) 9: First off, WTF Jaiden, I forgot how amazingly unhinged you got once you went full VTuber, love it.  As for my answer, I would say Absol of course, but going with second choice of Gardevoir.  Probalby one on the plane, senses the bad itnent, saves the day. (Okay guess everyone went for off the wall answers with this one, damn) 10: Scaring kids that come to his shrine.  He's got Intimidate after all. 11: Tough one, but I gotta say it'd be so much of a burden for its trainer.  In order to get to this point the trainer needed to find someone, trade it, and then hope they'd trad it back, such a hassle. (DAMMIT WEEGEE) 12: No idea, female ghost, Mismagius 13: Dunno why I went to this, but an Air Balloon.  Talk about all the cool stuff it does, but then a bully could try and pop it.  But then Tynamo just keeps floating there, and that's when hell breaks loose. 14: I'm going wth Pancham, same sort of size/age so it'd make sense.  And then about a month into school the police are called because daddies Loudred and Pangoro came to school and got into a brawl. 15: Hunting Mandibuzz with rocks, dunno why that's the first thing that came to mind, but we're going with it. 16: I was gonna say something light like Sunkern, but too light and you just get slowed by the air resistance like a cotton ball.  Gotta be something with the right heft, not too litlte and not too much, with an aerodynamic shape.  I'm giving my point to Togedemaru, the steel type will give more inertia but it's still light enough to zip on. 17: I mean if we're fighting and they have the intent to kill, not many, those teeth are sharp.  I'd have to go with like 7 before one gets to the ankle and it's all over from there. 18: .....Lopunny.....no reason why, fuck you Jaiden, it's not stated in the question! 19a: Fuck Bunnelby, marry Rowlet, kill Toicroak, no question 19b: Fuck Simipour, marry Scorbunny, kill Grumpig, again easy (hell yeah Void) 19c: Fuck Hoopa-Unbound, marry Ash-Greninja, kill Rhyhorn, a bit tougher but I think Ash-Greninja would be better long-term (solid logic Giwi) 19d: Fuck Tirtouga, marry Rowlet, kill Sunkern, man you got screwed on this one Weegee 20: Moltres, spicy fried chicken, hell yeah  This was messed up and fun as hell, I wanna see another one of this :D
So, Tauros and Miltank are counterparts, tauros are all male, Miltank are all female, so hypothetically, you COULD milk a tauros, you just wouldn't be getting milk.
You know what would be funny if jaidan animate/draw some of these pokemon with the theme so like mewtwo storming the capital
I love the Golem story that was built up. When golem evolved from graveler, he wanted to try out his new move, self destruct. Addicted, he would keep self destructing and his self destruct turned into explosion as he grew older. He would often wish for a band of luscious hair like his younger brother, Alolan Golem. Alolan Golem was always seen to be superior than him. Golem's parents would see him as a downright failure, while the younger Alolan Golem to be much more successful than him. This stress along with nis addiction would lead him into accidentally killing a man in a hiking trip, forever burying any sort of achievement he would recieve.
4:25 my mind immediately went "Male gardevoir" when the question came up lmao
The mental image of Greedant Soyjacking is so fucking funny
I can’t believe no one said maushold for Disney adult
I would've had a shiny LeChonk, personally.
I can't believe Kidd would use Bruxish instead of Victreebell. Same kind of answer, yet more understandable.
“Bull milk”  Does he know?
Constructive criticism: plz show the pokemon too at the end of rounds with numbers. Good vid by the way 🤟🤟
Dynamax building guy to stop 911 he just stands in front of the towers
I’d eat the shit out of some Talonflame tenders
Honestly I though of two pokemon, that could stop 9/11, & that would be Lucario & Luxray For Lucario the AURA pokemon, as the ability to read & sense Aura. So Lucario sense the aura of the Terrorist(Cause their aura is CORRUPTED with EVIL) & stop them from any Terrorist attemts & For Luxray, THEY HAVE X-ray Vision even the pokedex says “Luxray’s Ability to see through objects comes in handy when it’s scouting for DANGER.” So they can use their ability to seek the bombs, & stop 9/11 from happening.
7:20 fun fact Tauros have a 100% chance of being male
For which pokemon could stop 9/11(if we're assuming they existed we just didn't know about them until we move to hoenn as the PC): LATIOS/LATIAS? DUH? JET PLANES!
I said Watchog for the first 3 lmao
I could kick an Igglybuff pretty far.
Please have the Kill, Marry, Fuck return in yhe future
My puntable pokemon is meowth. Because pretty much anyone can punt team rocket into the stratosphere
You know what, i would make Arceus real. That's kind of a cheap answer but think of all the NEW pokemon it could invent
can't believe they missed out on farfetch'd for miku. they have the same leek they're basically the same
Mew-anon is something I will never un-hear
Imo, Spiritomb would have a crush on Ditto, but not in a healthy way. Like, Spiritomb would have a crush on the IDEA of Ditto, but not Ditto themselves.
conkledurr stormed the capital with his baby timburrs
I would love to see a video just like this one but with Digimon or Animal Crossing villagers.
8:08 Gumshoos is literally Trump.
Meowth is an appropriate answer for most if not all of these questions.
I love how no one acknowledges that tauros are male only.
you really could just do a whole series of this gameshow lmao
if you punt a hoppip, it can reduce its descent velocity, so that fucker will *go*
Does Giwi know that Tauros are all male?
Mr President a Garchomp has hit the second Duraladon
Crustle commits tax evasion because he knows no one can stop him
I would want Flareon to be real because warm fluffy hugs
More of this please.
Bro the Pokémon consumption question was so boring. All the answers were just so vanilla. Where’s the roast cinderace, squirtle/tirtuga soup, maybe even some smoked arbok
You might even say Mr Rime has....style
these questions are incredible and so creative LMAO and i love how many answers are so out of pocket,, this is perfect :’’
alcremie is litteraly the desert pokemon wth
Nah, the best pokemon to make real is Arceus so they can make every other pokemon
I'm waiting for jaiden to incorporate her pokemon stuffies so she can write them off as a business expense
Most colsetted gay is 100% charizard and you can’t convince me otherwise
I'm responding to this as well cause it needs to be said.   Abra would get shoved in a locker in a heartbeat. It's got the vibes of someone wearing chunky glasses, suspenders and a bow tie. It's the geek kid in highschool that grows up to own a tech company
42:50 "I can't f a turtle" but what you can to a seed??
for the 9/11 one my mind immediately jumped to G-max Duraludon LMAO
"Which pokemon is the most closeted?"  Gulpin and Swalot. 😈
Please do another one of these
For "which pokemon would love hatsune miku?" I said, "Deoxys"
I’m surprised for the “Storming the capital” no one said Gumshoos
The obvious answer to "which pokemon would you eat?" is  Klefki
1: Blipbug. I know there's way smaller Bug types - Joltik is out there, after all - but like... *look at Blipbug.* 2: Kangaskhan. It would take its child to the Denny's to get it some pancakes, and smash somebody's car on the way out. 3: Conkeldurr, for similar reasons to Machamp. 4: Whismur. Every morning it gets a bowl poured out for it, and it picks out the individual pieces with its li'l hands and nibbles on 'em. And if you try to take the bowl away before it's done, it bawls loud enough to make your ears bleed. 5: Tauros. Super aggressive, tends to travel in large herds. Very stubbornly set in their ways (they can only charge in straight lines). 6: Steenee. I mean, look at it. 7: Furfrou. When I think "plans a vacation a year in advance and will KILL if something goes awry with that plan", I think the snooty aristocratic dog Pokemon. 8: Rotom. Basically confirmed to have human intelligence by the Rotomdex, meaning they're one of like five Pokemon that can pass the Harkness Test. Plus, they can possess any electronic device... *ANY* electronic device...... 9: Magnezone. This Pokemon patrols the night sky like a UFO and uses radar to monitor its territory. A Magnezone would ABSOLUTELY notice a plane deviating from its flight path, and intervene using its amazing magnetic powers.  10: Therian Landorus is a dog. It buries things in your lawn. It absolutely COULD just create a fissure instantly using its incredible power, but nah, pawing at the ground over and over is half the fun of digging. 11: It's GOTTA be evolving. Bro used to be able to touch his own face, before he got traded. If he gets some dirt in his eye (which is REALLY likely, given he's a Ground type!), he will never, ever be able to wipe it out. And that isn't even getting into the fact that he LOST FINGERS when he evolved. 12: Spiritomb has a crush on anything and everything. There are over one hundred spirits making up its body; statistically speaking, whenever they meet somebody new, SOMEBODY in there is gonna experience love at first sight. If that isn't a valid answer, though, then Sandslash; one would find an Odd Keystone while burrowing underground and take it home to its nest. At night it would curl up around the Keystone as it slept. 13: A little Snap Circuits board that it powers with its own electricity. Each Tynamo in the school brings a totally different board that does something different when powered. 14: Darkrai. Whismur cries when its scared, and keeps crying until it tires out and goes to sleep... but then Darkrai appears in its dreams, scares it awake, and it begins crying again. Rinse and repeat. It might not be INTENTIONAL bullying, because Darkrai is just territorial and protecting itself, but... 15: Crustle is a squatter. It's a super territorial Pokemon that needs a dry place to hole up in on rainy days. And it's like five hundred pounds, so good luck moving it.  16: I think Solosis would be very puntable. Just somethin' about how it looks. 17: Zero. I would want to hug all the Rattatas. 18: My fave, my bestie, Torterra. 19: I am abstaining from answering this one. 20: My first answer was Slowpoke. My back-up answer, though, is Combee, 'cause I bet they taste very sweet but also have a nice crunch to them.
I got genuinely worried bot this
19:36 Hoopa should’ve won this one
meowth is the most puntable pokemon just because in every episode in pokemon he flies away
I wanna see more of that Pokemon Fuck, Marry, Kill game.
Would've said Conkeldurr for the 9/11 question.
Neopetss my love was recently revitalized
Abra would be shoved into a locked hard it’s literally the nerd Pokémon
69
If every Rattata is FEAR, they can take all the other pokemons lmao
This was a fun video.  Great stuff everyone.
Idk I’ve seen Cade fight a Giraffe before, I think he can handle a billion ratata’s
I'm amazed at no point did anyone say Gardevoir for anything
1:33 wait I don’t know any Pokémon. This video will be very confusing but I will just write some thoughts here. 4:15 idk why but I got distracted and searched „Thanos Bernd das Brot“ 4:17 I think I know why. I saw a specific YouTube thumbnail.
Sawk. Sawk will fight whole families in the Dennys parking lot and will use bulk up before hand to insure maximum ass kicking
this was so awesome, I'm excited to see more
Can’t lie. Loved this video till it got political. Funny, but I’m here for Pokémon, not political commentary. But I don’t want to discredit the whole video.
Crazy how no one mentioned alchemie to eat ?! The CAKE ONE !!
vaporeon missed opportunity
Excellent job and awesome potential for the channel! If it's not too much trouble (or proprietary), I'd like to ask about the software Jaiden and Giwi are using for their respective avatars, thank you kindly!
I am eating arceus and becoming God, what are these pitiful answers.
Farfetch'd is actually based on a Japanese saying about a duck walking up to you with a leek, meaning things are coming together at the perfect time. So yeah, he is a walking meal.
Duraludon would def be the one to stop 9/11. Put two of them side by side to act as decoys
42:29 Quick note, when greninja used battle bond the trainer/ash starts feeling everything that the Pokémon feels, so you would also be f*cking ash at the same time
20:00 latios/latias
Captian Kidd forgot that Magikarp is made completely of bone, as confirmed in the anime
Ok i might seem weird but i think the closeted one is Lucario. Explanation: i can see him as the guy that hugs his best friends,gets bullied,gets less innocent and the people who bullied him needed up being right.
Topic: have the pokemon try odd sports!
Cade nooooo
I don't think I could take on even a single Ratata if it pulled out the FEAR strats
They missed the most obvious selection for “Which pokemon likes Hatsune Miku?”  Farfetch’d. It always carries a leek. It was RIGHT THERE!
37:25: I punted it so far it flew over my head three separate times and then landed fifteen feet away from me. (so the Earth's circumference times 3 + fifteen feet) 😁      Also, can I compete in the f, marry, kill? If so, I actually searched up a random pokemon generator and got Gimmighoul, Cinccino, and Sceptile, and decided to kill Gimmighoul because I don't know who or what it is, marry Cinccino, designwise the best to do so, and f Sceptile, because he looks like the best option out of my results.
During the "which pokemon would you eat" question, I love how everyone just collectively forgot that there is literally an ice cream pokemon.
Machamp is masc for masc on grindr they are a homosexuals
Surprised nobody said blipbug for the first question that thing is literally the nerd emoji that's the kind of kid to go "ermmm actually" and then get beaten up while getting put on snapchat
That Serperior description was wild
Fun, fun, fun, fuck Golem, fun, fun, fun
ideo from GLITCH X
Golem's biggest regret is that his arms are now too short to masturbate
Weegee sounds like AI
1. Stunfisk 2. Scraggy 3. Ralts 4. Milcery 5. Braviary 6. Gothita 7. Tapu Lele 8. Pheromosa 9. Iron Valiant 10. allowing natural disasters 11. not migrating to alola 12. Cursola 13. a magnet 14. Hatterene 15. first degree murder 16. Smoliv 17. 0 18. Snom!!!!! 19. f*** Dugtrio-A, k*** Ariados, m**** Duraludon 20. Togepi
Im sorry but Crustles crime was was founding Established Titles and fraud. He literally scurries up to people and goes like "hey kid, you see this land on my back, buy it and it'll make you a lord". Worse than ET, Crustle keeps selling the same plot of land.
The only correct answer to the Jan 6 question is Gumshoos
"Which pokemon would you eat?" I'm turning Fidough into a pizza and no one can stop me.
Cinccino would totally get in a fight in a Denny's parking lot. Would just get really huffy and entitled about parking or something.
The best answer for the “make any Pokemon real” question is Eevee, and here’s why. If Eevee is real, then it should be able to evolve into all of its forms.  Flareon and Jolteon are going to solve a lot of problems in the world. You don’t need fire to cook anymore, and electrical power would be a lot easier to produce. No more nuclear power or fossil fuels, just put some Jolteon at a high spot when it’s stormy out and the energy from all of the lightning strikes will last a long time.  Espeon would make a great therapist and could also be helpful with science because- well it’s a psychic. Umbreon would also make a great service animal: it’s tough, it can see in the dark, it’s smart, and can light up incase you’re lost. It would also be super helpful on construction sites or in search and rescue missions for the same reasons.  Just casually solve a bunch of problems in the world by making the eeveeloutions real. And Eevee is already one of the friendliest Pokemon out there, so all of them would already be inclined to help out humans because they like humans.
In my opinion, togapi would like cinnamon toast crunch. They're so child-like and children like cereal.
Here me out, here me out, when Jaiden asked about the pokemon someone, NOT ME, would be attracted to, my mind immediately went to Ninetales, both Alolan and Kantonian
Ok no the answer for Hatsune Miku was farfetch'd
Now I want to see therian lando on a leash lol
4:32 you are going to get demonitized for this
19:07 The answer is so obvious I am surprised nobody picked it. Skamory or Charizard. Skarmory is a metal bird type, obviously we need a metal bird to take down a "metal bird". Otherwise jet fuel may or may not be able to melt steel beams, but Charizard could absolutely. Steel type is weak to fire. Those are Gen 2 and 1 respectively,  Not to mention that Skamory can fly up to 190 MPH. A boeng 737 flying at cruising speed of 600 MPH would be moving roughly thrice as fast, but you don't need to be faster than your target if you are in front of them, especially if they are inflexible in their trajectory as a commercial passenger plane never meant to be doing air tricks is.
17:50 I LITERALLY JUST GOT DONE STAGE MANAGING THE MUSICAL THAT THIS IS FROM “LET YOUR FREAK FLAG WAVE, LET YOUR FREAK FLAG FLYYYYYYYY”
Primeape is so angry that his anger made him defy death as an angry living ghost  Also very sad they didn't say Farfetch'd for Hatsune Miku
gumshoos was the clear choice for the capitol storming one, i can't believe i didn't see this answer
I’m upset no one went with Farfetch’d for the Miku one 😭 he literally has the leek and probably shows up at every Miku convention
Is Giwi ok? Does she know Bulls are always male?
to be fair it is also a story arch that you can't eat magicarp
I am so angry noone said Farfetch'd with the Hatsune Miku question
I can't belive nobody thought of deoxys defense form for hatsune miku. That pokemon is literally just cosplaying miku at the cost of his hands.
I think Kadabra would've been shoved into a locker in highschool. The pokedex states that one morning, a boy woke up turned into a Kadabra. It's quite possible that this boy was also a HUGE nerd which is how he became a Kadabra, so it makes sense that he would be shoved into lockers for being such a NERD
G-Max duraludon could totally stop 9/11, I would call it a meat shield but its more of a metal shield.
I really wanted someone to say Blacephalon for the Denny’s question. Like, it’s got the silly vibes- it would go to Denny’s at 3AM specifically
Let’s go Void I was screaming Mimikyu from the rooftops
How did nobody say gmax duraludon for stopping 911 dude is the towers
cant fuck a turtle, fucks a fucking seedling\
I'm pretty sure Incineroar is A Hatsune Miku lover. After the hard day of work at WWE when he goes to the gym to relax he puts one his earpods and starts his set listening to 1 hr loop of Hatsune Miku's Levan Polka daily at least 1 time. Also that Cynthia was such a meta answer cuz I too immediately thought about that and I'm sure the Spiritomb Cynthia has is probably made of of the 108 spirits of the first Cynthia Fan Club who were tricked by a Bannette into sacrificing their soul to the devil(Gengar) and became the Spiritomb cuz some doofus there had a odd keystone he "coincidentally" picked up
I could punt jiggly puff very very far
The questions for the specific Pokémon are all great
Mewtwo stormed the capitol because he was bored and wanted to see a government toppled
the forced to eat section and NOBODY picked the actual FOOD POKEMON????
29:04 I mean Spiritomb is 108 different souls in the same body, it kinda had to embrace Polyamory as a result so I’m surprised nobody else thought of that
“What Pokémon would you understand if someone told you they were attracted to, and you would get it?”   I really thought with all my heart someone would say Ditto
This whole concept is fucking genius.
for the attraction one gardivoir no competition  (you can not say anything because you are also into her)
Fun fact that no one mentioned and I learned because of my partner, snakes have 2 penises.
How did nobody answer Alcremie for the “which Pokémon would you eat” one? Literally a living dessert
Charizard is 100% first in line to punt Pikachu
The man of the people weegee should win!
I can't believe no one thought Fuecoco would have liked Cinnamon Toast Crunch
39:20 two at most endeavor and quick attack drop me down to one then finish me of before I can react
As ironic as it is…. For the Pokémon real I would have said eevee because in our world if we were able to alter its dna like dogs we would have so many different colors and types and because of the lore with eevee I would be getting all the eevelutions eventually and maybe even more then just that….   The the correct answer is mew. Because mew is all Pokémon dna in 1 so you have the original Pokémon and in the Pokémon world it’s fact that animals used to exist so…. Eventually Pokémon becomes real in our universe… just different Pokémon that we have never seen before
I will not stand for this Mewtwo slander!!!😂 He's my favorite Pokemon and there's no way he'd do that!
Weegee
Where did rubber the ross go :(
Where is Markipier
About the Pokémon you could understand someone being  attracted to my mind almost immeiatley went to Eternamax Eternatus! It's a hand and that's ALL I have to say!  911 though! Arceus... It's fucking god!  Landorous enjoys The Rock rule 34...  Golem regrets destroying Nagasaki... He was the Pokémon equevilant of Fatman!
“Fairy all along” is CRAZY 😭😭😭
Didn’t expect to see the whole loudred line
Im surprised nobody said Absol for stopping 9/11. It can predict disasters and warn people about it
Since igglybuff can infinitely bounce and is the perfect puntable shape they’re all wrong it’s igglybuff
I like the way Jaiden and Alpharad grouped up (along with other friends) to make a new channel known as WILDCARD. I really love it.  JAIDEN ANIMATIONS 4EVA!!!
Since in the Pokémon universe, 9/11 is canonically caused by an oversized Tentacruel, as shown in the opening credits of Gen 1 and in the episode that was never aired due to the event happening. Therefore, the question isn't who can prevent planes, it's who could prevent a giant Tentacruel from razing a city in a terrorist attack. Therefore, the correct answer is either Groudon, to kill the seas and dry him out, or Alolan Raichu, the only pokemon fast enough and with a proper typing to take down the Tentacruel. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk
"Like tauros, we could probably milk" You know, the pokemon that is 100% male and cannot produce milk
Nah dude, Landorus is a brony who plays otome games, but he thinks people will judge him so he photoshops screenshots of League of Legends to post to specifically Facebook and Tumblr to make it seem like he's a platinum player.  Spiritomb toutally has a crush on Glaceon. It likes the cold, distant type.
18:14 this is how you know they are content creators, they stayed AWAY from gardevoir and Lucario or any eevelution, one did touch lopbunny but like…. Mega is definitely trying.
i love this format!! i wonder if there’s a way to do an animal crossing themed game show??   i could see there being fun questions about catchphrases and home decor or which villager is just the littlest guy
Honestly, Igglybuff is the pokemon you can punt the farthest. It's super light, and according to its Pokedex entry, once it starts bouncing, it NEVER STOPS!
Surprised no one said Blipbug looks like they would get shoved in a locker. No offense to the little guy but he is built like the nerd emoji 🤓
Weegee was robed
Honestly, i think the closseted gay would be gardevoir, not only does it have the granbull reason but its disgusted by the porn to the point it decided it didn't want that
Nobody said Darkrai. And I got to be honest. He’s definitely someone I could see dating. Don’t come for me. Giggity.
Kartana is known for slicing a steel tower in one fell swoop, homie can fight back he’s not going in anyone’s locker and if he is he can get out with ease and clap back
gumshoos is SO storming the capitol
Surely Registeel would storm the capitol, due to his original sprite.
19:23 ok I see your point but a counter point Homelander
I'm so disappointed no one said Gumshoos for the storming the capital question 🤣🤣
I have never seen Jaiden this unhinged in her content and I am here for it
the fact I wanted to answer Primape for like 5 of these tells you all I need to think about the angry monkey
8:20 How did noone even think of Gumshoos
Ok but mewtwo is literally the great replacement theory embodied, he wouldn’t be at the capitol. Could be Q tho lmao
Crustle is a serial mass murdered who burrows under buildings and cause massive collapses.
7:15 "Provider, when you think milk, who do you go to?" Go... Gogoat? Just me? Anyone?
An Undertale Game Show would be awesome
I firmly believe Spiritomb is crushing very hard on Froslass. They literally spawn near each other on Glaseado Mountain. Bro is probably fiending and is not ever gonna get attention because he tries too hard
For a pokemon to eat I'm surprised they didn't say alcremie
Landerous is 100% pegging the other jennies and or getting pegged by Enamoraus
The correct choice to which pokemon you would eat is arceus, because if I have to eat one i'm eating god
This is the quality content I subscribed for
TIL that spiritomb actually has genders in pokemon. I thought it was like legendary pokemon and the robots where it doesn't technically have a gender
For the 9/11 one, dialga beats not having existed in 2001 by being the god of time, but I think a better answer would be celebi. Celebi is the only other pokemon that can time travel, and being less of a god would have more motivation to actually prevent 9/11.
i love this game show!! I'm not sure what the next topic should be, but I think RPGs (like Fire Emblem, Octopath Traveler, and even Pokémon again) could be fun. you could also just ask real-life questions, like "how many mice could you take in a fight?" instead of rattatas
COOL
This Video was so entertaining. Loved every secound. 👀
I see Joltick bein send the fartest
I feel the answer for best punting is igglybuff, because she just keeps bouncing forever.
How did failinks not get picked for the Storming question?
"HE IS ALSO LITERALLY A CLOWN!"  CADE WITH THE READS! FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!
18:00 im surprised no one said gardevoir
7:15 Lopunny
I pokémon to eat but that is not a grass-type? But there are so many great choices that are fairy-type! I'd love to try a Swirlix or an Alcremie 😂
As a long time Jaiden subscriber, this was absolutely awesome.
captain kidd literally said bruxish when gardevoir was right there
Legit thought Farfetch'd immediately with the Hatsune Miku question. The Birds literally holding a Hatsune Miku prop/pen light 24/7.
"bull milk" 7:35
I think Porygon-Z would be the Miku lover. Porygon is too outdated to know her, Porygon2 is caught up on the internet, but Porygon-Z has been corrupted by the internet, so he's definitely stanning someone, possibly Miku
I think crustle would tunnel under shiny thing steal them and put them on his back for decoration
The second I heard Captain Kidd thought of Eustass "Captain" Kidd from One piece
I would take on 1b Rattatas coz here is the thing Rattata... is Normal type. Its weakness... is Fighting. And us Humans, like to punch the sh!t outta things, sooo, its a super effective hit for every one, and just spray a potion or smth on your hands when tired!
Rowlet is extremely puntable
18:50
very intresting questions
I can't believe no one said Alcreamie on that last question D:
xd why did you use poland flag on thumnail background
Oh i definitely want more of this😂❤
How did they miss the Donald Trump Pokemon for the Capitol riot question?😭😭 (Gumshoos)
The Torchic Line is litterally spicy chicken why did no one want to eat them?
So upset that nobody said Slowbro or Exeggutor for the gay Pokemon (sad r/stunfisk noises)
That jiggly puff counter for the 9/11 one was insane
Going with Weegee's argument, any of the hoppip line would be a better punt than mineor, but also pukumyuku is football shapped...
you should do a game show where you show different pokemon and ask how many lions would be needed to kill it to prove that a billion lions could defeat one of every pokemon
But- but Tauros are all male… You’re MILKING THE TAUROS?!?!
Just gonna go ahead and drop my answers and justifications here in the comments as I watch. Anybody else that feels like it can drop theirs here too  #1: Smeargle. Little art nerd that doesn't really do anything interesting himself, he just matches whatever the others around him are doing. Disclaimer: Smeargle is one of my favorite little guys. #2: Scrafty. He's an aggressive and territorial dude, and that Denny's is *his* turf. #3: Sawk. He definitely spars with his fellow martial artist Throh, a big manly/muscly guy, because on some level it gets him hot and bothered. Unfortunately, his buddy Throh is a very traditionally masculine guy with some slight, casual homophobia moments so Sawk isn't out to him. #4: Bonsly. idk he's a little guy :^)  I got tired of justifying mid-watch  #5: Obstagoon. #6: Porygon #7: Jynx #8: Roserade #9: Metagross #10:  Eats mulch #11: Never evolving a neck #12: Rotom #13: A really cool pair of light-up sneakers (he can't wear them) #14: Toxtricity (A) #15: Tax evasion #16: Igglybuff (Also Weegee was so right) #17: Realistically like- 50 #18: Castform #19: Fuck Spiritomb / Marry Riolu / Kill Dragalge #20: Krabby  Probably gonna come back and edit in justifications later, tbh
"I cant fuck a turtle, so it has to die"
Jaden please do more. I love this channel already
Crustle would commit tax fraud
My answer about Danny's question was actually Hawlucha  Happy to be there but I feel they would mess you up if pushed over the edge
The fact that not a single soul mentioned the Fire-type pig Pokemon for who they would eat was funny to me~ xD
"We don't know how many other Pokemon we could milk."  Sentences you'd never have thought you'd hear ever! 😂😂
i feel like brionne def has the potential to be a hardcore hatune miku fan (i mean they've alr got matching hairstyles lollll)
23:16 laser toys
Neat idea, do the same but with animal crossing characters
Golem just ate 1 too many Goron Rock Roasts and got fat
My initial thaugt on wich crime crustle would vommit is: he would commit arson together with macebug from hollow knight
Mewtwo would cause 9/11 if it had the choice
i would punt togepi so far
19:06 gigantamax Duralodon tanks the planes
I think a great answer for what Pokemon you could punt the furthest would be Dreepy essentially a living rocket that is fired out from Dragapult's head, it would be aerodynamic and self propelled
can't believe noone said Glaceon for the Miku question, literally has her hair, also, correct answer for storming the capitol is Throh, angry dude who did karate beyong primary school also he's literally red
i think Farfetch'd is the real hatsune miku fan
Giwi sees something covered in rock "murderer, comits forgery, master criminal"
There better not be BULL MILK in my goddamn cereal
Jaiden's facial expressions when Kidd explained his Bruxish answer absolutely sent me. Everyone was surprised and confused, but the way Jaiden's model kept going "🙁...🤨...😟...🧐???" as he elaborated was hilarious
Came for Jaiden, Stayed for Void.
ohh man you should do these things in personnnn
It took me 18 and a half minutes to realise that Jayden has a bowtie lol. edit: the video was on two times speed so not really 18 minutes
I love the vibe of this video! I hope Jaiden hosts something like this again
I lost it at the most closeted pokémon, Giwi's answer was perfect 🤣🤣🤣
this was really cool.  loved it.
"What us the most closetted gay Pokemon" HAS to be Chatot if you ever played PMD 2! That guy is the definition of being homophobic and gay at the same time!
Spiritomb being bisexual and polyamorous just makes sense. With being made of 104 separate entities, statistically those aren't all gonna be into the same gender and aren't all gonna date the same person, so by definition the whole Spiritomb would inevitably be bisexual and polyamorous
This is 10000000% demonetized
43:09 Now, I'm not a huge fan of eating meat. it grosses me out and makes me feel bad.  that said, if you put every Pokémon in front of me, and gun to my head told me I had to eat one, even if the grass types were available, the answer is obvious. I'm eating god.
29:41  No kidding, I looked at Tynamo's face and thought: "This is that one adorable little muffin in 3rd Grade who would show off his Dad to class."  AND WHADDYA KNOW. SOMEONE HAD THE EXACT SAME THOUGHT.
"We could milk Tauros" and no one mentions how its 100% male. No one picked the low hanging fruit.
6:13 great answers from everyone, however, they overlocked the obvious true pokemon: Snorlax.
I’m surprised none of them said gardevoir but I get it for their options
Hi non American here what happened on jan 6?
Several of these questions and answers had me raising an eyebrow, Jaiden is pretty bold with the topics chosen.
Obviously vegee had the best answer about punting a Pokémon!
the person who chose to use gen 7 pokemon music is a motherfucking legend
For fighting in a Denney's parking lot my brain jumped to Scraggy.
clefairy dancing in pokemon stadium on n64 would make her the best backup dancer for Miku and therefore, love her the most
Mewtwo seems more a Robspierre type instead of a Qanon type.
MORE
giwi at 25:13 made me remember what human emotion is
You really have to eat togepi, BDG said it's the most edible Pokémon
7:25 all tauros are male 😩😩
God me and my friends were discussing which Pokémon could solo for the police on the riot day like a couple months ago. We eventually ended up doing teams of 6, but it didn’t improve the Pokémon’s chances by much lol  Edit: I DID THIS BEFORE I SAW THE STOPPING 9/11 QUESTION WHAT WE DID THAT TOO IN THE SAME NIGHT
Look, I'm okay with the political content, there was some fun to be had there with the storming the capitol.  But when you had family there and agree with the reasons that what was done was done, it puts a bit of a sour taste in my mouth to see someone just shitting on the entire idea with no remorse or consideration, it's a shame because I actually kind of liked Weegee up to that point.
Liked video because it’s fun. Though don’t like the political aspect.
OK listen: Porygon line is the biggest miku fan. Miku is a VIRTUAL singer, what pokemon would be a bigger fan than the pokemon that's made out of data? This argument applies somewhat to rotom as well
There's an old anime episode where ash and the gang are stuck on a boat with team rocket, and they realise Magikarp CANNOT be eaten.  There's literally no flesh in there, just bones.  They're absolutely useless!
I love how BOLD these questions and answers are. A little risky in places, but I think the best humor can come from that if approached with care.  I need more of these, this is the funniest shit I’ve seen on Youtube in a while.
Maybe this doesn't count since it's a fangame, but the deoxys porygon fusion is literally hatsune miku. And of those two, Deoxys is 90% of that fusion, so deoxys would have been my answer.
"What Pokémon would've been shoved into a locker in high school?" Sobble. It's already crying about it.  "What Pokémon would get into a fight in the Denny's parking lot?" Groudon. It's whole lore is that it's picking a fight!  "What Pokémon is the most closetted gay?" Throh and Sawk, for each other, they just haven't realized it yet.  "What Pokémon likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch?" I'm at a loss, but Munchlax. It likes everything.  "What Pokémon would have stormed the Capitol on January 6th 2021?" Bouffalant. It already looks super American and doesn't look particularly intelligent.  "Which Pokémon loves Hatsune Miku?" Steenee. Look at those twin-tails and happy attitude. Just the girly-girl to love Hatsune Miku and have those twin-tails to copy her.  "Which Pokémon would be a Disney adult?" Indeedee male. He looks so much like a done-with-this butler. Just getting more and more tired the more time passes.  "What Pokémon would you understand if someone told you they were attracted to, not saying you are, just that you would get it...?" Snorlax. ... No explanation.  "What Pokémon could have stopped 9/11?" Delphox. It's capable of seeing the future in that flame of theirs, could have seen the planes coming.  "What is Landorous' guilty pleasure?" ... Fishing with his tail. He just dips it in something fish like to eat then sits over the water fishing. But as an earth-god, it embarrasses him.  "What is Golem's biggest regret?" He managed to convince Tajiri to split up the Earth type into the Rock and Ground-type. He's been screwed over by water and grass ever since.  "Who does Spiritomb have a crush on?" It's an amalgamation of 108 evil spirits. They all have crushes on each other, that's why they're spinning around so much inside it.  "What would Tynamo bring to Show and Tell?" *googles what Show and Tell is* Well, it lives in flocks, so clearly, it brought its whole flock of other Tynamos to join in the game.  "Who bullies Whismur?" Me. I train for Roxanne in the Whismur cave. Oh, and the Twitch Plays Pokémon guy while playing Gen 3. They were in that cave killing Whismurs for hours.  "What crime would Crustle commit?" Kidnapping. It found a Golem, figured it could replace its boulder with it, and to this day Golem's family has no idea where he went.  "What Pokémon could you punt the furthest?" Igglybuff. Haven't you seen TerminalMontage's videos? Punt it once, it goes an infinite distance! It can't stop bouncing!  "What is the maximum amount of Rattatas you think you could beat in a fight?" None. It uses Super Fang and I am scrawling. Alternate answer: None. I kick it, it survives on 1 HP because of Focus Sash, then it uses Endeavour to leave me at 1 HP, then it Quick Attacks me.  "If you could make one Pokémon real, which would you choose?" Meganium. It can revive dead plants and they remove any desire to fight or any aggression. Just flood the warzone with them to make people not want to fight. Every politician should have one in their office.  Okay, so I got Mamoswine, Sandshrew and Dusclops... ... ... and I am going to pick them in that same order. I did consider Dusclops first, but that thing absorbs everything inside it and it never comes out. Nope, nope, nope.  "If you were forced to eat a Pokémon, which would it be?" Tepig/Emboar. I'd be curious about how a pig that cooks itself tastes.
the gameshow vibe is great id love to see a smash brothers, or one piece version
Let’s be real, mewtwo picking fights at dennys is a given, cause he’d win
Eyyy pokemon
Tauros is 100% male, idk if tauros milk would taste right
Nobody answering octillery or clawitzer for the January 6 question is absolutely insane to me
People here be underestimating Rattata super fang
Honestly surprised Weegee didn't say he would bully Whismer. Glad Giwi caught that though
Machamp would 100% shove the abra line into a locker. Like. No question. Metacham line to. Mega gallade to. He would be the cringe anime kid everyone bullied but actually had some skills till everyone ganged up on him Tyranitar for number 2 This man will basically rage cause someone got his tatertots to hot
I'm genuinely so sad no one answered gumshoos for the january 6th question. I mean the joke writes itself
ahh weegee, a man of taste.
7:24 Machamp would definitely be a himbo lmao
I dont like that my first thought for the 911 question was just to add a third tower in the form of Duraludon
Saiduck wouldve gotten shoved for sure 😂
I can't believe Giwi wants to milk Tauros with it being an only male species 😭
Falinkgs is definitely in the closet
42:51 NOBODY TAKE THAT OUT OF CONTEXT
The real answer to the Ratata question has to be 0 because a youtuber *would objectively lose* to F.E.A.R. strats
can't believe giwi is a horse girl
i would have said charmilion for the denny's question, he just gives off the vibes that he has a OTF and will put it through your neck     ALSO HOW DID IT GO FROM BRUXISH TO r34
Primape is such a karen
9:23 patchouli
very suprised gumshoos wasnt mentioned in the jan 6th question 😭
I loved this so much! Hilarious!
Eat Arceus. I wanna know what God tastes like.
I think OMASTAR would love Cinnamon Toast Crunch because i would enjoy crunchy things with a mouth shaped like that
This video was excellent gimme more game shows
void got my respect with the moewscarada pick
I was playing along, while watching. My answer to each of the questions were:  1. What Pokémon would’ve gotten shoved into a locker in High School? My Answer: Mega Sableye. Took his giant gem, puts him into the locker, and about to sell the gem, only for the Mega Evolution to wear off and the gem to disappear, causing Sableye to be bullied even more. I’m sorry, Sableye and Sableye fans.  2. What Pokémon would get into a fight in the Denny’s parking lot? My answer: Blaziken. The question reminded me of those Family Guy chicken fights, and Blaziken seems to match the aspect of my ideal opponent at a Denny’s.  3. What Pokémon is the most closetted gay? My answer: Salamence. That pseudo-legend can’t hide behind its trans-flag-colored skin, literally! It’s coincidentally colored that way!  4. What Pokémon likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch? My answer: Ogerpon. Just look at Ogerpon. Try telling me it wouldn’t like the cereal. Cause it will. The sweet look on Ogerpon’s unmasked face says it imo.  5. What Pokémon would have stormed the Capitol on January 6th, 2021? My answer: Mandibuzz. Imo, it’s the counterpart and somewhat opposite of Braviary.  6. What Pokémon loves Hatsune Miku? My Answer: Altaria. It’s colors remind me of HM, and it can learn Sing. Also, an idol and contest star in Hoenn (Lisia) uses one. Pop stars.  7. Which Pokémon would be a Disney Adult? My answer: Snorlax. Looks like it would Hyper Beam its own child if it is behind schedule SLIGHTLY. Looks fat enough, imo, no offense to the Snorlax fans(for the comparison. I’m screwed).  8. What Pokémon would you understand if someone told you they were attracted to, not saying you are, just that you would get it…? My answer: Gallade. Probably sick and tired of seeing “that art” of Gardevoir and wanted something new.  9. What Pokémon could have stopped 9/11? My answer: Latios. Psychic Jet, a year before introduction, I know but still. It could catch up to the plane, use Psychic, and land the plane to safely! Could be the same with Latias.  10. What is Landorus’ guilty pleasure? My answer: Outspeeding and killing anything that isn’t an Ice-type, a special attacker, or physically defensive. Played a lotta VGC. My funnier answer is looking at The Rock eyebrow memes. !dog ym hO  11. What is Golem’s biggest regret? My answer: Not taking up juggling before evolving. Or not purchasing Wii Fit.  12. Who does Spiritomb have a crush on? My answer: Mismagius. Ghost-Type from Sinnoh. Idk what else to put lol.  13. What would Tynamo bring to Show and Tell? My answer: Finding Nemo DVD. Despite being an Electric-type, I consider it a fish. And young Tynamo would say this is his favorite movie.  14: Who bullies Whismur? My answer: Makuhita. Play ORAS a lot, and used a Makuhita to KO a bunch of Whismur in Granite Cave.  15. What crime would Crustle commit? Answer: Bank robbery, SANDMAN STYLE. And “Make my monster grow!” itself after Shell Smash and sweep hard!  16. What Pokémon could you punt the hardest? My answer: Illumise. Because I had a recent experience where this firefly annoyed me too no end on smogon. I almost went with Smeargle due to my distaste for it.  17. What is the maximum  amount of Rattatas you think you could beat in a fight? My answer: Zero. Nada. But that is only if they each have Endeavor and Quick Attack. If not, I am not a strong mon, so probably 8.  18. If you could make one Pokémon real, which one would you choose? My answer: Spheal. IT IS SPHERICAL! SPHERICAL!!!!!  19. Got Popplio, Hoothoot and Dracozolt in the generator. I would F**k Popplio, Kill Dracozolt, and Marry Hoothoot.  20. If you were forced to eat a Pokémon, which one would you be? My answer: Octillery. I like Octillery as a Pokémon, but if I was stranded on an island with one, me and the Octillery would duke it out, and the loser would get eaten. Dark, yes, but worth it if I am lucky.  Pretty cool list of answers, huh?
You can't really "Milk" Tauros.... They are all dudes
The best pokemon to eat is Falkners pidgeotto specifically so he can go get a Noctowl
1. Sobble 2. Charmeleon 3. Minior, because they're all colourful inside but they hide it (QUAXWELL HAS A BINDER) 4. not familiar with this one uhhh... litwick, because they're a cereal killer, i think, and also they're still young, kids like sugary cereal right? (i feel bad for not thinking of alakazam and miltank) 5. OK, Yungoos and Gumshoos will absolutely get dupsed frame 1, this might be a 4 way tie, so instead i'm gonna say... Hisuian Braviary, because they're an old version of a patriot, they belive in old-fashioned values, they're also violent i think. (Mewtwo is genderless, not a he or a guy... It's one thing to arbitrarily gender a species of Pokemon as if they're an individual but to arbitrarily gender a Pokemon with only one gender [or lack thereof] available? c'mon...) (HOW DID 0 PEOPLE SAY YUNGOOS OR GUMSHOOS ARE YOU KIDDING ME) 6. The thing is, there are 4 obvious answers here. So the options for dupes are wide and varied. However, I have come up with another. Chatot! Because they, like Miku, say trans rights (pre-gen 6 when their gimmick was different), and like a vocal synth, Chatot can mimic what people want them to say. They are also music-based. There are better answers but they get dupsed hard. (I'm surprised that Jigglypuff was one) (12:27 not blue, and miku isn't low-key, and toxtricity is gross ew) 12:29 (They're not even all that similar of hues though, Toxtricity's aqua leans azure and is pale while Miku's hair is either a vibrant aqua or a similarly pale but springish Aqua. At least to an official capacity, which is what matters here, unless the idea is that Toxtricity Low-Key was inspired by one Miku MV in particular???) (12:35 There's a lot of options there INCLUDING uh, actually, literally everyone else's answers so yeah I guess they did good there lol), also that's the upbeat version because Miku is upbeat, not low-key) (12:55 Can't believe I got dupsed, I guess Farfetch'd was just so obvious that everyone was on the same wavelength as me) 7. Pikachu, they're a mascot mouse so they're biased towards a similar phenomenon.  8. I mean, we have to avoid dupes, so I gotta go slightly obscure, uhm... Jynx, cuz she looks very human and adult. 9. OK so, I gotta choose a Pokemon with OBSCURE time travel powers. So I'll say... the Legends Arceus form of Palkia specifically. If you have time travel you have infinite retries. (And that Pokemon existed in 2001 because they existed in ancient Sinnoh) 10. WHY ARE WE CHANGING TO THIS GAHHHH uhm so, well, uh, look Landorus likes Greening in Toontown because Landorus hates fun and when you Green in Toontown not only are you trolling in a place of comfort for people, but you are also literally making your allies' fursonas sad in-universe to defeat them. Landorus also doesn't record his Greening. 11. Getting top surgery for non-gender related reasons. They were annoyed about having to hide their breasts but now they're dysphoric over the lack of them. :( 12. OK so, Spiritomb is like, 108 spirits, and we know that at least one of them is a little girl, but we don't know EVERY spirit. Thus, you know who Spiritomb likes? Another Spiritomb. There isn't another individual Pokemon who comes in a set of 108, and for all we know there are varying romantic orientations and age groups within Spiritomb so they all have to be accounted for. (The Cynthia answer becomes weird when you take this into account, I'm sorry, we can just act like that's uhhhh a different Spiritomb) 13. Air Balloon :) 14. I think Incineroar was one of the first Pokemon to get Throat Chop, and since Whismur is a sound-based Pokemon who has soundproof (sometimes) they can't tell if they're screaming loud or not so having sound-based moves disabled would be really bad for Whismur :( 15. Public indecency because they smashed their shell and now they're like Escargoon from the Kirby anime, their back is pixellation censored 16. Can I even do that? OK so, no dupes means I need to be careful, I'm gonna say Skiploom because that's a middle evo so people forget about them, and they're light and they fly on the wind, as seen when violent windstorms happen in Scarlet and Violet. (HOW DID NO-ONE SAY IGGLYBUFF, JUMPLUFF, OR HOPPIP!!?!) (Best answer was easily Void. It's personally charged AND the best. Minior has rock, so you have to break the rock, and that shell also probably hurts you while kicking so you kick less far. Joltik isn't durable enough to go flying, you kick them and their body caves in turning them to goo. They are a baby spider. Pikachu doesn't have levitate like Koffing so while they're closer than the other two they're still far, plus Team Rocket shows that Koffing can absolutely go flying but that doesn't happen much to Pikachu at all, and I think if it DOES happen to Pikachu it doesn't happen from sheer electricity which is something that doesn't even innately have knockback) 17. One Rattata uses FEAR strats on me and I'm gone, so I'll say 0 since it didn't specify the skills of these Rattata. 18. Slowpoke, because they have a regenerating tail that is a delicacy that they don't even feel when it falls off or is removed, meaning that they can help solve world hunger by producing a lot more food. They are also cute little pets despite their psychic powers, and if we go by anime rules we don't have to worry about them evolving and becoming powerful and dangerous because they need a Shellder to evolve and I didn't make that Pokemon real. (SCOLIPEDE IS HIGHLY VENOMOUS GIWI WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO US) 18.5. Skip. Skip. I kill Rellor because it's easy and they have several negative traits. OH this is... an entire round. Oh. Why would you do this, Jaiden? 19. Kill Toxicroak, skip the other two, Kill Simipour, skip the other two, Kill Rhyhorn, skip the other two, Eat Sunkern dead, skip the other two- Oh that wasn't an entire round, it's just that each person got one, OK. That's... better. 20. Does Slowpoke Tail count? No, no I guess not, that's only part of a Pokemon. Well I like Watermelons, but there isn't a Melon Pokemon yet, aside from Jynx, and I don't want to eat Jynx. OK guess I'll eat ANOTHER Sunkern. (43:35 YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT SLOWPOKE EYE TASTES LIKE)   Good vid aside from 19, though I guess for what it's worth viewer engagement wasn't directly endorsed. Would an Undertale Gameshow from someone work? Or maybe an extension on the Pokemon gameshow that also includes battles, maybe the Pokemon that are answers are randomly dispersed or something?
Weegee sacrificed his victory for the meme and I respect the hell out of him for it.
20:00 uh fucking Dina max derladon that building pokemon
bull milk?
7:24 "Bull milk", Giwi? "Bull milk", Cade!? None of you are going to question that!?  BULL MILK!?!? Y'know, milk from bulls? MALE cattle? The real world version of Tauros, an EXCLUSIVELY MALE Pokémon?
If PP becomes an argument then yeah even in the ideal scenario, a hoard battle, you can only kill 5 rattata per attack and that's only with spread moves.
Tsareena would be a Disney adult. It's more the fact that a ability they have is Queenly Majesty, which stops other Pokemons priority moves. So they have the only say, and is definitely going to act spoilers because they are a queen.
Arcanine real. Why? Extreme speed. Ride it. Strong. Warm. Protective dog.
Let’s be honest spoink is the most puntable Pokémon ever created
Nobody said Farfetch’d for Miku
Mewtwo is NOT correct, Mewtwo is an anarcho-communist
I would have go with Farfetch for Hatsune Miku
Weegee is now my new favourite game show participant
You've become the koomax of pokemon. We as a community desperately needed this
its obvisuoly tentacruel since in the anime he tecnicly caused nine eleven so he could probably stop nine eleven
Less of this void dude in the future hopefully, otherwise good video
Farfetch'd is biggest Miku fan for the Leek, maybe Sir Fetch to defend her honor.
Pokemon Legendary favorite to less favorites this includes ultra beasts.
This was fun~  More Gameshows!  More Gameshows!
*SPOONING INTENSIFIES*
So fun fact about Farfetch’d, according to one of its Pokédex entries it was nearly hunted to extinction because it was so delicious
11:40 I would have said Glaceon because they have similar haircuts and their blue color.
My answers: 1. Scraggly bc he's halfway through getting pantsed already 2. Mankey, because I do not think Primeape or Annhilape would wait until the parking lot 3. Throh, he strikes me as a sensei who just needs to meet the right man 4. Trapinch, the boy loves the crunch and he would adore cinnamon 5. Maschiff because I think he was indoctrinated by the internet 6. Altaria I feel very strongly loves Miku 7. Glaceon bc she reminds me a lot of Jenny Nicholson and just in general white women 8. Skeledirge, bit too animal for my tastes but like I can understand attraction 9. Aegislash could've stopped 9/11 with a glare 10. I do not believe Landorus has any guilt in his mind. He could slaughter millions without emotion. 11. Golems biggest regret is not treating people better since now he's bitter and lonely 12. Spirito,b has a crush on Garchomp, specifically Cynthias and they make glances at one another often 13. Tynamo has a little toy castle in his fish tank and he would bring that 14. Dugtrio bullies Whismur due to a rivalry with his dad, he calls him the F slur to his face. And to be clear this is an adult bullying a child. 15. I think Crustle would shoplift from a grocery store and think he's committing a heinous sin. Like he tries doing evil but his idea of that is highly skewed. 16. I could punt Smolive a good distance I think. Shaped like the football and if that olive game in S/V is any indication they'd fly 17. I'll be real like 4, those things teeth are like knives and are the size of one too bc these things are the size of small dogs. I'd bleed easy. 18. Clodsire. I need to cuddle that guy. 19. I got Charjabug, Kabuto, and Shelmet. Kill Shelmet, fuck Kabuto, marry Charjabug. I do not want to fuck Kabuto but I must kill Shelmet and Charjabug is the only one whos marriage material 20. I would eat Alcremie bc I think she could survive it and if she couldn't at least it'd taste good
This was really fun! Everyone’s chemistry was really good and it kept me engaged the full video. I loved how each answer was given a quick explanation so that it was understood how each person was thinking
i left a comment on the other 2 so algorithm or something i want yall to pop off and keep making stuff
Someone should make a uquiz that determines your sign based on how you answer these or smt lol
7:25 "tauros we could probably milk" - giwi 2023, yeah that's not milk
also im going to need a part 2 as well
When the second question cane up did anyone wonder what Brennan Lee Mulligan's favorite pokemon was?
Poor Brayden had to go after "Landorus likes to walk around with a leash"
im suprised no one picked farfeched or whatever their names is for the miku question
ayo jaiden what vtuber software do you use? luv the vid btw!
Golem’s biggest regret is beating his wife.
I LOVE THE ACE ATTORNEY REFRENCE! AAA THIS MADE MY DAY!
Now do Digimon.
I would never allow someone to harm espurr he’s a baby 🥺
If you do this kinda video again (which, please do, it's great) for us dumb bitches in the back could you leave each person's answer on their cam? The amount of times we got to the fourth answer and I forgot the first and second 😢
I'll be down for some unusual game questions of games you like that are unpopular/unknown. Like people known of .hack//, but do they know .hack//
Day 1 of asking the wildcard to share their rare candy code
This felt like 'cards against humanity', pokemon edition. Definitely wanna see more like this
2:23 I would have said Sobble or Drizzle 13:02 I would have said Farfetch'd, because of the stick, Miku always goes with that stick
1:58 But instead of shooting, it will mind blow
Hol up So Donald Trump is Mr Mime?
raboot is completely the in-closet pokemon it's entire evolution line is a mtf allegory
18:49, they all laughed at the same time, me included
I'm going to be real, i can't defeat a single ratata. They tell you that it's too dangerous to go out into the tall grass without a pokemon, that means that a ratata is strong enough to absolutely decimate a child. This isn't a normal rat, it's still a pokemon, id say it AT LEAST has the equivalent strength of a feral dog and I'm not winning a fight with a feral dog.
7:22 we can milk gogoat  it’s actually a thing
for the dennys one, i was thinking sylveon XD
I was screaming “GARDEVOIR” for the attraction one
Pokemon that loves Hatsune Miku is Gardevoir.  She even looks like Miku when fused with Deoxys and anyone who watched Alpharad would know that
Void forgot about Celebi being another time traveling Pokémon
“I can’t fuck a turtle”
I think Void wins the punting category, he’s gonna channel all that rage to sending that Koffing straight to the moon
Id eat exeggcute
16:19 fun fack lucario has the most results on rule 34 and other websites
What’s really crazy is that I legitimately thought of applin for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch round too.
tbh based on what Weegee describes Mr. Mime as, he'd be the politician, not the people storming the place.
if you could make one pokemon real i would make mudkip real
no not smoliv D:
How did nobody say Farfetch'd loves Hatsune Miku???? He's literally got the Leek
15:55 for me it’s mega Pidgeot, its the hair
I just realized, each rattata could use quick attack and widdle you down.
I gave like the hardest wheeze laugh in a while when Weegee said Serperior and EXPLAINED IT  That one caught me so off guard
The fact no one said gumshoos for the capital one is nuts to me
falinks would absolutely storm the capitol
this is so great while high, thank you for the content :-)
I can't wait for more of this amazing game ahow.
THIS SETS AN AMAZING TONE FOR THIS CHANNEL
We need more of this specifically.
Weegee won in our hearts though
For the closeted one, I said Galade so fast
Here me out, I think G-max Duraladon could stop 9/11 😂😂😂
Cinderace would kick whisker like a soccer ball
Machamp is definitely closeted gay. But the “likes femboys” sort of gay
Riachu stormed the capitol with Lt Surge. do pokemon go to jail? because Lt Surge did.
silly
For the most closested gay I would go with gardivoir those things can be MALE
I actually love this. I want this to be a series. It’s basically,  “Convince Jaiden why I’m right.” The game show!
Personally, I believe Spiritomb would have a crush on togekiss. Now hear me out. Togekiss is one of the more lighthearted pokemon, and is on Cynthia’s team. Maybe they met a long time ago, and at first Spiritomb hated them because of their cheeriness but lately it makes them more happy, but because they are so different they couldn’t ever like each other so it is a love from afar situation.
Tentacruel could stop 9 1 1, I mean, in the pokemon universe he's basicly the one who caused it, so you just gotta convince him not to.
32:45 video bookmark
i would eat pikachu
37:26 weegee
"Ubers ever since he was released" Uhh ou would like to talk to the therian form
i’m kinda sad nobody mentioned punting meowth in reference to team rocket blasting off again
Cmooon' if anything he should get an extra point for bravery (this is so rigged)
Similar idea to this show, but with Sonic side/b-list characters (so you can't say Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Amy, etc. every time)
5 cereal bowls at the same time... the power we all wish we had... GODDAMN LET ME EAT 5 CINNAMON TOAST BOWLS AT ONCE GOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!! ALAKAZAM IM JEALOUSSSSSS LET ME MEGA EVOLVE!!!
counterpoint to braden's "machamp is closeted" opinion, it's very good! but as a gay man myself, he looks like every masc fucking dude on grindr
Void has a very good reason for most puntable pokemon.
1. Scraggy - he’s already half pantsed himself. Finish the job, give him a swirly, and shove him in a locker.  2. Hariyama - I mean Denny’s food ain’t keeping you thin. And LOOK AT THE BROW MAN HES MAD 3. Raichu - he lets it fly in alola, but Kantonian alola feels it too. Deep in his bones.  4. Steelix- have you ever had CTC? It’s SO TOUGH and DESTROYS your mouth. A giant steel type doesn’t have to worry about that. Plus it already likes to eat dirt so I’m sure this is a step up.  5. Throh - I mean come on 6. Farfetch’d - leek 7. Maushold - it’s a family of Mickey Mouse lookin dudes come on 8. Milotic - I mean the thing is really pretty so I wouldn’t doubt it.  9. Wow this really was the 9th question huh? Uhh anyway soodowoodo could stand in front of the cockpit and ain’t nobody gettin past him without a watering can 10. Gotta give this one to Giwi, the leash is perfect 11. Getting rid of that second pair of arms for sure.  12. Look it’s 108 souls I’m not gonna tell you every crush it has. I will tell you that it’s actually only 106 because of of the souls is aromantic and two of them are crushing on the same person.  13. My thought was also thunderstone.  14. Vigoroth - same generation, same typing… but when have you ever been as scared of an Exploud as you have a Slaking? Vigoroth KNOWS it’s got more potential, and unlike slakoth, it’s got the energy to do something about it.  15. Jaywalking, and he thinks it’s serious. He looks around to make sure nobody is looking before he scuttles across the street.  16. Sobble. I hate crying children 17. Does the rattata also get prep time? Because if so, 0. I don’t have any priority moves to deal with FEAR.  18. Riolu. He’s so cute, he would ride on my shoulder and be like a genuine friend. God I want him so bad.  19. I got Sableye, Mega Lucario, and Machoke. Kill marry fck respectively.  20. Uhh. Milcery. Duh.
Hear me out. Audino's hot.
At 16:00 I'm amazed no one said Vaporeon!
More pokemon game shows! This was great!
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..  .  . . . . . . . .    . 8hrs ago
BRO YOU COULD NOT FUCKING FIGHT EVEN HALF A RATATATA IN A FIGHT POKEMON ARE FUCKING DANGERS TO THE WORLD, Tyranitar is stated in a pokedex entry TO BE ABLE TO DESTROY A MOUNTAIN IN ONE PUNCH, that means Tyranitar has nuclear bombs for fist, no, T-sar bombs, strapped to 50 other T-sar bombs, for fist, also, REMINDER RATATATA'S HAVE MORE THEN EVEN 1/5TH OF THAT POWER IN THEIR JAWS, they would just vaporize you by breathing too hard.   21:12 MAN EASY AS HELL, any legendary, especially ones that can fly, just laser the planes out of the air, also pokemon are fast enough to probably EASILY hit a plane out of the sky, especially pokemon that can fly like rayquaza, just grab the plane and yeet it.
I'm starting a new hashtag because Weegee was robbed of his deserved victory! #JUSTICEFORWEEGEE !!!!!
Wait void the rattatas are normal type they’re immune to ghost types attacks
I'm sorry, but these people aren't beating any amount of Rattata (well, aside from VoiD for the reasons he's mentioned) with 30 minutes of prep time, because you know what the Rattata are gonna do? FEAR strats. For those unfamiliar, FEAR is short for Focus sash, Endeavor, quick Attack Rattata. It's one of the oldest tricks in the book and is a strat that can solo level 100 Pokémon like Mewtwo, Arceus, etc. at Level 1.
My personal answers  1. Blipbug. It’s literally just a nerd.  2. Guzzlord. The fight would be him eating his opponent and then the Denny’s and then the parking lot but technically it is a fight in the Denny’s parking lot.  3. Quaxly. Evolving into quaquavel is his coming out. (almost disqualified but ha!)  4. Swirlix. It has swirl in its name. Cinnamon is known for being swirled. Also swirlix like sweet things so yeah it’d like Cinnamon Toast Crunch.   5. Iron treads. Elephant, robot therefore does as it’s told without question. I rest my case.  6. Porygon2. Digital pals. :)  7. Swanna. Just look at it. It’s definitely the Karen who thinks they’re all special and can’t do anything wrong because they grew up on Disney movies so obviously they’re super innocent.  8. Garchomp. I know a lot of monsterf***ers. I am also one of the aforementioned monsterf***ers.  9. Tyranitar. The Pokédex says it is literally immune to damage. It’s also Godzilla. So it could stand in front of the towers and block the planes.  10. Landorus is into degradation and being treated like dirt(haha ground type) He doesn’t want people to know that though. (Or does he..?) he’s got an image to uphold after all. (Sort of similar to giwi’s but not quite so I’m not counting it as the same.)  11. Golem regrets the huge shell of rocks it’s created because now it can’t fit through the bathroom doorway and it has to wear adult diapers.  12. Spiritomb has a crush on pheromosa, as most of us do. However it likes her because she’s so cruel. It is a dark type after all.  13. Tynamo bring’s his mom’s vibrator without understanding what it really is because he found it in her drawer and just thought it looked neat.  14. Meditite. If you’ve seen jaiden’s ruby nuzlocke then you understand why.  15. Loitering. He plops down and nobody can move him because he’s a big f***ing rock.  16. Igglybuff. The Pokédex says that once it starts bouncing, it literally never stops. Once I punt it, it will never land. It will just keep getting further and further away. This is simply factually correct.  17. Realistically like two or three. Rattatas are way tougher than they look.  18: arceus. He can make the rest of the Pokémon real.  19. F toxicroak, M rowlet, K bunnelby  20. F simipour then never seeing it again, M scorbunny, K grumpig  21. F hoopa unbound, M ash greninja, K ryhorn   22. F Tirtouga, M rowlet, K sunkern  23. Miltank. Fat cow = wagyu beef (backup answer dachsbun)
Does gardevoir being 50/50 male despite looking pretty feminine not count as MEGA closeted gay?
7:29 He has a point. Tauros is 100% male and miltank 100% female. If they showed up in later games they'd likely be gender specific evolutions of some pokemon name Calfield or something
Can't believe no one said Golem's biggest regret is losing 2 of his arms
I like void's answer for the punt question because not only is koffing shaped like a football he has a personal reason to punt it
Can't fuck, can't live -Brayden
I just have to say the most in the closet Pokemon is actually Primape, and it’s at least partially why he’s getting in fights outside Denny’s
weegee has higher thinking level than any
Based weegee with the serperior answer
Should have done a 'who's line is it anyway' into. Though she may not know of the show.
For the first question I was waiting for someone to say psyduck 😭  (Edit) I mean just look at him he has anxious neurodivergent heavily bullied vibe
Did Giwi just say Tauros could be milked...?
applin would like apple jacks :)
Who bullies whismur? YOU JAIDEN!, i still remenber what you did to hushchild the whismur
Which Pokemon would I eat? Alcremie of course! Especially gigantamax, it's a giant cake!
I need this to be an ongoing series!!
This may be the "spicyest" game show Jaiden has ever created
For the last one I'm surprised no one said any of the food Pokemon.
Ngl I think someone is getting endeavored by the 4th rattata
Every time Jaiden does stuff like this it's always fun to think about how Jaiden used to be the (camera)shy(?) storytime animator to "WHO CAN STOP 9/11"
2:44  i feel like pangoro could be a possible answer 6:13 for this one id say lickitung cause 1 duh and 2 i remember the cereal people having long tungs
Landorus to me looks like a 50yo retired Naval Officer who was closeted until his 30's and got in some bar fights with some intolerant people but is now living his best life hitting up the gay bars with his husband Granbull who he first fell in love with while they were both in the Navy and spent years together as "Bachelors" and "roommates" until they both came out together and promised each other they would never hide who they are again.
Ah yes, Giwi, milking Tauros. The all male pokemon species. Exclusively. Nary a female within their group. The counterpart to Miltank.
The pokemon who can be punted the farthest has to be pyukumuku. Think about it! Its an alolan pastime! You can get so much practice cus they're everywhere !
No i have the perfect answer for spiritomb. Froslass, where is one of the places you find spiritomb in s/v? The snowy peak, theyre both ghost types. 2* wandering spirits actually, they meet up around the old ruins, both attracted to its deathly charm, and they hit it off!
I think it’s safe to say this is my new favorite video of the year
I hadn't realized how expressive Jaiden's model is
Y man hon birtv
Make Arceus real and they will make all the other Pokémon.
I am genuinely shocked none of the eeveelutions were brought up in 18:02 and before.
The comment about Sunkern near the end caught me so off guard lol
Farfetch'd is correct answer for hastune miku
them: which pokemon loves Hatsune Miku        Me: LITTERAL GOD (with the aqua/water plate/disc so that he is blue and water type)
The true answer is you can punt an Igglybuff the farthest
For question one my answer is blipbug
The points are kinda throwing me off like how was it negative 1 😂
You know which pokemon you could punt the farthest? Wailord.  Now, hear me out here, what does a punter have to take into account very often?   The wind. The wind can very easily push the punted object and send it to and fro.  And you know what Wailord does? Float. So, even if my punt only initially send Wailord into a slow ascent, the wind will take him for as long as he floats.  Therefore, you can punt Wailord for a theoretically infinite distance.
If rayquaza could stop two legendary pokémon from destroying the world by just standing there menacingly, those planes would be no challenge
im writing my awnsers to the questions in the comments because i want to. 1) BLIPBUG 100% 2) took me a second, but hear me out. impidimp totally would 3) drizzile is the type of pokemon who is not ready to come out but everyone already knows 4) hear me out. yamper. children's cereal fuels it's smile (same as void, -1) 5) Fearow has such right wing reactionary vibes 6) i was gonna say meloetta but i paused too late and heard giwi's awnser. alternatively, BRIONNE is ABSOLUTELY a miku fan. take ONE LOOK at brionne and tell me they wouldnt. 7) purrugly looks like someone messed up their plans and now they have a bad mood for the rest of the day 8) gothitelle. very understandable 9) hear me out: rayquaza. rayquaza stopped the world from ending before, i think it could stop a plane    stopped playing there bc i am not creative enough to play the second half but spiritomb has a crush on mismagius and tynamo would bring a lego set to show and tell is tax fraud too obvious for crustle? i can beat around 40 rattatas in a fight if i were forced to eat a pokemon i would eat Dachsbun i love bread
Please do more of this
Golems actual biggest regret was he saw all his brothers self destructing and his regret is that he didn’t. He became what he is instead going out on top.
I could punt wailord the furthest because it is less dense than air and could literally go into orbit
The Correct Answer: R O W L E T
I have to say as for pokemon to punt it would HAVE to be Dreepy, it was MADE to be absolutely launched
Justice for Weegee! He was the people's champion
Can't believe nobody said blipbug for the first question lol
Wog^w^
I'm disappointed no one said Igglybuff for which pokemon you could punt the farthest, not only does it only weigh 2.2 lbs but its pokemon entry states that once it starts bouncing its impossible for it to stop
Dude no one is taking on those ratata. Al it takes is one focus sash, an endeavor, and some speed. I will be taking on -ratatas.
43:37 :( but having my tail removed hurts 😔
This is honestly better than I expected
Smolive doesnt even need to be shoved into the locker, you could just pick ‘em up and plop him in there
5:01  Weegee "Straightest Thing Alive" "The God" explains how Granbull was normal when it was straight but we all knew it was gay because it was pink     And no Cade, you cannot beat 1000000000 Rattatas, your flimsy human body can only handle a couple giraffes at best (which are definitely powercrept by the rats)
I rate this game show 11/10
3:24 primeAPE is a pig Pokémon?
I want give my answer to which Pokémon I would punt the furthest. I’m taking a Void approach of a Pokémon I hate with a burning passion. I will ALWAYS punt Weavile to the SUN.
"Which Pokemon loves Hatsune Miku" Bellibolt, they literally live with Miku
Damn when Weegee answered Exploud on the second question I've never vibed so much with a person i've never seen before
I'm sorry, but for a Disney adult how could it be anyone other than Maushold? They're literally mice and have kids that they'd take to Disney every day if they could.
Void has never seen Crustle in Unite if he thinks Crustle is slow
19:07, Rotom
Weegee was robbed. Nothing more to say.
Couldn't you technicly make all pokemon real if you just made Arceus real?
Wiw
Another person who likes Scolipede is always nice to see.  Imo its one of the most under appreciated bug types also the fact that it can get iron defense, swords dance and baton pass while alse having some chonk is insane.  I'm really glad i got a excuse to talk about Scolipede
Quilladin was stuffed into the locker as a kid. He started out as a cute kid who was a little different then puberty hit and he was stuffed into all the lockers and then he grew up after working out a ton and became a beefcake.
Golem's Biggest regret is he couldn't stop 911 😢
The Pokémon stopping 9/11 is Conkeldurr because it has two towers technically.
We all know shiny Toucannon would've won the gay question
I love how every pokemon in the hatsune miku question are all part of the official Pokemon x Hatsune Miku collab they are all the correct answer (in my heart)
I was expecting Farfetche'd on the miku one.. I mean, bro is literally holding a leek
The tynamo show and tell was so wholesome and I love it!
Man I fucking wish that mandjtv was in this gameshow.
Great video everyone, you had me laughing a lot with some of these questions and answers.   Speaking of answers, regarding the punting one. I think Void has this one. He has the personal reason for wanting to Punt Koffing, so he gets the win in my opinion.
I’m surprised no one chose to eat Tauros.
You know what?  Wild/Card too many types race, lets see it!
Nobody thinks Munchlax would eat the shit out of some Cinnamon Toast Crunch? Also, Gumshoos or Yungoos for storming the capital, and I shall not explain.  Also, Magikarp are canonically not a pleasant meal, being mostly tough scales and bones.
Im binging these 3 videos and seems like this one os gonna take a while...
No no Void had the right idea for the Ratatas, some pokemon are the spirits of humans - if you let yourself die in the right way (after taking some with you ofcourse) you can become a ghost type then just spend the match flying above the Ratatas and win by letting them starve to death after eating one another (which rats and rodents tend to do). Plus you become immune to like all their attacks anyways (you can just phase through them + ghost type immunity). With prep time you can grab items to help sustain what effective moves you might learn or get a Pokemon you can possess to deal damage while waiting for them to kick it.  Jaiden didnt specify wether or not you got all the kills on one life, so. . .
Oh boy
I’d punt munna the farthest, looks squishy and elastic so I could get some force into it
After much delibirdation I have concluded that the most likely pokemon to get into a fight in a Denny's parking lot is Tinkatuff, followed closely by Swanna
"More than half the pokemon didn't exist" get's countered by Dialga time traveling.
It was enjoyable until they got political. If i wanted political crap i would watch the news. Not sure why people, from both sides, need to bring political stuff to entertainment videos. Other than that gripe, I am glad to possibly see more Jaiden content.
Sad they didn’t use the obviously correct answer for the Capitol question: Gumshoos
The Pokemon who loves Hatsune Miku is Chatot, but specifically the Chatot from PMD Explorers. You know how that guy acts at the mention of Team Charm, so I can easily imagine him concealing a Hatsune Miku obsession from the rest of the guild lmao
1. Drizzile 2. Scrafty 3. Ferrothorn 4. Falinks 5. Bouffalant 6. Farfetch’d 7. Beheeyem 8. Salazzle  9. Magnezone 10. Playing House 11. Forgetting Custap Berry 12. Cynthia's Togekiss 13. Tera flying + Air balloon 14. Toxic Toxel 15. Embezzlement 16. Igglybuff 17. 10
The pokemon who would buly whismer is medicham if you know you know *cough* jaiden nuzlocke *cough* pokemon planium.
Spiritomb doesn't have a crush on anyone, they are a very fulfilled and active polycule.
THESE VIDEOS WERE DONE WITH IN 6 HOURS
25:24 holy sh*t is Void on DMT wtf are you saying
100% Scrafty is getting into a fight outside a Dennys. Just finished a grand slam after smoking a splif made of leftover native spirit and some shwag and decided whoever pulls up next gets decked.
When i thought of Disney Adult, I thought of Maushold. Constant Mickey and Minnie fans who try to get their kids deep into the Disney Franchises.
•Bonsly would be shoved in a locker because it is such a baby pokemon. •Tauros would fight anyone... Well any where really. •Mr mine is the closeted gayest (purely because he is in denial) •Slurpuff is a cinnamon toast cruncher because it can smell very good (also when I think milk I think milcery) •Braviary would storm the capitol because what encapsulates Pyure Bluded Amaricayns more than the literal eagle pokemon. (Normal not hisuian) •Chimecho seems to be a hatsune miku stan •Venomoth... I don't know why but it seems like an annoying disney adult in a right but wrong way. •Machamp, It is literally just a buff guy (Feegee please shut up for our sanity) •Blastoise has fucking cannons, Just load a homing missile in there, I rest my case. (The pokemon for the most part existed but they don't have games yet.) •Landorous's guilty pleasure is roasting the shit out of people •Golems biggest regret is taking machokes face. How do you recover from... Decapitation... (When you trade machoke and graveler they swap body parts) •Spiritomb has a crush on froslass. It's a ghost waifu, what more could a ghost vortex want? (t's kof-uh-gree-gus, not kaf-ag-ree-us) •Tynamo would forget to bring anything, not a thought behind those eyes. (It tried to correct "tynamo" to "retired tynamo" for some reason???) •Whismur gets bullied by Krokorok, It just seems to be that kind of pokemon
when the question "who is the most closeted gay Pokemon?"  i immediately yelled GARDEVOIR
The questions are random, the responses are _amazing!!!_ 🤩🤩🤩 Seriously, this is probably among the best videos I've watched. It's incredibly clever, I did not expect a single thing, and it was all just idea after mindblowing idea 🤯
Clearly the Pokemon who would love Hatsune Miku the most has to be Porygon. Who else but a virtual Pokemon would love and adore a virtual idol the most?
Very odd not to see gumshoes for J 6th question lol. Literally trump the pokemon.
A wise man once said; "I would eat a klefki."
Also, funny how they said Cosmos was light… he’s incredibly heavy
Weegee: "Can one billion lions kill all the Pokemon? Probably not." Jaiden: "LION JACKET!"
Anyone else think that Crustle just commits Tax Evasion?
Maybe don’t use bull milk for cereal…
7:25 DON'T DRINK THE TAUROS MILK
Weegee was robbed.
The only Pokémon I would make real is arcanine
I would have said digglet for what Pokémon would someone be attracted to
Best punt target is Abra.  I might not be able to kick it well, but after I do, it'll teleport God knows where.  I'll take the RNG over my punting skills.
Shoutout for Weegee takin' one for the team!
16:04 Okidogi obviously
41:36 The time we’ve all been waiting for.
7:25 Uh aren’t Tauros 100% male…?
I get the point Void was trying to make for the 9/11 one, but like...while the games the pokemon were from didnt exist yet...they still existed in universe. Like you dont say before people discovered America, American animals didnt exist.
How did nobody say scorbunny for the “Denny’s parking lot”. That’s an athlete that made it from the mud, but still likes cheap comfort food. Boy you fuck up that grand slam? Or god forbid he be calling his grandma and you interrupt him on some fuck shit? Oh it’s on😂
37:31 The correct answer is 0, purely due to FEAR.
I was surpised no one said smoliv for the throwing one. small light and already kinda football shaped
The correct answer to which Pokémon to make real is Arceus then you could make the rest of the Pokémon real
This was so funny, I hope we get more of Jaiden's quizzes with different Pokemon and different funny situations.
This is my first video watching wildcard and I love it already
Yall should play monster hunter
Other topics for Pokemon, which would be fun,   Evil teams What evil team would you join they must be their most evil version (no joining n in team plasma).   If you had to be the boss of an evil team what's your gimmick and goal.  What legendary would your evil team need for world domination.   F, m, and k, but with fused randomized Pokemon.   Which Pokemon if it never existed you wouldn't know. Or be happier for it.   Which Pokemon would you want to turn into for mystery dungeon.   Which Pokemon would become your most hated rival while adventuring in mystery dungeon.
Golem's biggest regret was losing two arms.
blipbug would be THE pokemon being shoved into lockers
Weegee is the people's champ
stoping 911 and being gen 1-2 is easily Celebi the time travel pokemon
Indeed.
The reason Lickitung is a republican canonically is because when Alpharad added more Pokémon types lickitung was republican type. I can only guess it’s because of Repub-LICK-an
1. Spinda. I’m sorry my boy, but you’re an easy bully target. Normal type, low BST… Second is Mimikyu, due to being disliked and rejected for Jockachu. 2. Morpeko. Enough said. Also, for my second, Mankey will throw down over food in Mystery Dungeon, he will throw down at a Denny’s. 3. Glalie. Because there are female Glalie, and can you spot the difference? 4. Jamaican Sudowoodo. He’s da winnah mahn. Second is Mega Alakazam, with all his spoons. 5. An Orange cranky rebel? Primeape! Second is Beheeyem mind controlling stormers. 6. LUCARIO! Not only does he have the blue and head tails, but he can use Bone Rush to make spinning blue glow sticks! 7. Probopass. He knows directions and has to herd his three kids. Falinks are the kids too. 8. Pheromosa has the dominatrix vibes, and plays hard to get. I’m not, I prefer the softies, but I get it. 9. Needs future sight and can take down either airplanes across the globe or terrorists. I’ll say Mega Alakazam.  10. Enamorus. He kept her hidden for nearly a millenia, despite the rest of the Genies being well known. 11. Leaving his original trainer. He chose evolution and power over loyalty. 12. She is made of 108 souls. She doesn’t have a crush, she is made of the malice of every single ex Machoke ever had in high school. 13. Tynamo would bring his pet Joltik. Small enough to ride on his head. 14. Machoke! He is the chad of all jocks. 15. Highway protesting. No car would dare run through his cement block.  16. One who is light, soft, and is easily carried by the wind. Hoppip! Jigglypuff is my second. 17. Zero. I can’t beat a FEAR Rattata by myself! Focus Sash Endeavor into Quick Attack is a death sentence! 18. Gardevoir. I have trouble expressing emotions, but they can read them naturally. Also, have you seen how cute the alternate art cards from _Scarlet & Violet?_  19, no random. First two are Gardevoir, since I believe in marriage-only. Last is Zubat, because of Mount Moon as a kid playing Yellow. 19, random: Shuppet, Oshawott, Crabrawler. Marital loyalty to Oshawott once she evolves, and our reception dinner will be crab legs.  20. Clawitzer. Lobster better than crab.
Well there’s only one reasonable conclusion after this: digimon.
I will admit, I am absolutely stunned that of the 3 most expected answers I had for the pokemon attraction question, only 1 of them appeared. I am very surprised. Edit: Also, question potentially for the future: Which Pokemon would be the most excited to be taken to McDonalds?
I doubt you could milk a Taurus due to it only being male.
Fuck, marry, kill:   Gardevoir  Lopunny  Vaporeon  Discuss in the replies.
7:26 giwi no not Cinnamon Toast Crunch with cum 😢
Regarding Weegee's FMK round, do y'all remember when he uploaded his How To Inkling video, when Ultimate came out? Even youtube called him out on that, the word loli is literally in the video URL
Weegee is the People's Champ.
I want an animation of braviary stopping 9/11.
Is it bad that my initial thought about the Tynamo question was a pipe bomb?
Guess who realized that their dad is a Disney Adult(TM) (derogatory) because of this video!
I’ve very excited about this channel! Love all of the creators yall have worked with so far!
What Mon can I punt the furthest? Simple answer, just open Smash. Ganon… v. Jigglypuff/Kirby, it feels like the best game of Kickball/Dodgeball.  SLAM!
Bruxish? Captain Kidd has seen The Boys
Interesting video.
Back in the 90's there was a team rocket quiz that asks if you would drop kick pikachu.   So, Giwi is not too far off. 😂
Dude jigglypuff would throw fists no hesitation
29:31 i cant explain it but.. tynamo would bring a box of cereal. he would just talk about his FAVORITE box/flavour of cereal while the teacher thinks he is the absolute cutest
Who bullies Whismur? Me I bully Whismur
if i were to eat a pokemon it would be arceus
Thx giwi for sending me to this channel
I mean nobody saying Gumshoos for the Janurary 6th question, and no Tandemaus for Disney is insane
For the Cinnamon Toast Crunch answer, I definitely thought someone would say Milcery!
This is a great format!!! You came up with some amazing questions, and the whole show was relaxed and improvisationally explorative. ^.^
I think Ferrothorn is a closeted gay
3:20 you see what Giwi should've done is change her answer to Anihilape, an evo of primeape so angry that it died and became a ghost type
HUGE missed oportunity for the 9-11 one for tenticruel ifyky
i CANNOT believe no one said gumshoos for the jan 6th question
19:14 2 gigantamax dureladons
Igglybuff doesn't stop bouncing. Easily the most puntable.
ratatata q i fight 1 it eats my face
How did they not choose Gumshoos for storming the capital?
I heard Kidd say Republican and I immediately thought Lickitung
“Which pokemon could have stopped 9/11”  Hear me out, Wobbuffet. Jumps from the towers, counter.
100% i could  punt igglybuff to the fricken moon cause it doesnt stop because it needs to hit somethng but itll go faster and wont stop
The koffing answer was so relatable that i couldnt chose any other
As to what pokemon should be made real. Mew or Arceus, the origin of all pokemon. Make them real, you make ALL pokemon real. (Of course Mew is the better choice.)
Im surprise no one  said that Emboar will fight in Dennys parking lot
Toros is the male version of milktank. There are only male Toros and only female milktank. Sorry if I spelled either of those wrong.
You should reach out to Drawfee and borrow their digimon smash or pass slide show. After fuck marry kill segment i think it would work well
okay entirely unrelated to the video- why does Weegee have the TF2 icon for irises?
voids characterisation of jynx makes me like jynx now lol
11:00 HOW DID NO ONE SAY BRAVIARY????? In his dex it says that is too much of a jerk to be a fly taxi and he looks like the definition of M'ERICA
Is Jaden a passive agressive menace? My fingers currently subscribing seems to think so at least.
You actually can't eat markicarp, they are mostly made of bone.
The disney adult should have been Kangaskhan it litterally has the baby to go to Disney!
The 1 billion lions reference was actually genius
I was sent by a self destructing message
Why would you kick a Joltik 😭
Jaiden quiz content yay
i think blipbug is the type to be shoved into a locker
dude i just ask my friend if he watched Alphard and he said " unfortunately yes" do i except to see him, he brang a pokemon box for photogrpahy
For the sexy Pokémon one, my instant first thought was Salazzle. Like her whole thing is being a sexy lizard, a dommy mommy. It’s not my thing, but I know plenty of other people are into it, so yeah, I’d totally get it, no judgement.
okay for the spirit tomb 1 i say........    if u sensitive idk why you would but if you are dont read the rest        spirit tomb has a crush on Hitler because he is a stone of evil spirits and probably likes evil so hitler
farfetch'd is the biggest miku fan I refuse
The question at 16:00 went from "Okay good answer" > "okay very good answer" > "um, okay i guess" > ".......NANI"
Really love the gameshows Jaiden comes up with. What about a FNaF one next?
Incredible that they all picked pokemon that were featured in the PokeMiku collab LOL
this is my fave one so far
the only correct pokemon to make real is arceus, bc it can just make all the rest
They all had decent answers for the punting question, but I have the absolute #1 best answer. I could absolutely punt Igglybuff the furthest. Not only is it small, light and round, but it has a special pokedex entry. In a majority of Igglybuffs pokedex entries, they all say "It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop." It would basically be like punting a pink soccer ball that nobody likes and keeps bouncing forever. Your honor, I rest my case.
Dude, not me getting cozy for a quick pokemon quiz video to then notice I spent 45 MINUTES watching lmao
How did they not think of Gumshoos for storming the Capitol?
For attracted to I would say Tsareena. She has that regal, "step on me, mommy" energy. And her thighs are thicc!
40:50 Those who know: 💀
2:42  Anniahlape
As I’m writing this comment, I’m now done watching all three Wildcard videos released on the channel’s opening day. I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again: This channel has a lot of promise
A little surprised no one said voltorb/electrode for storming the capitol
surprised they didn't say hawlucha for the fighting in dennys
B... bulls are exclusively males. No one, is eating Vinnamon Toast Crunch with "bull milk" 🫠
How they didn't answer Licktung for the ceral one?
Am I a joke to you? 9:58
Im sorry, but Spiritomb doesn’t need a crush- it needs to learn to love it’s 107 other selves and come to terms with its self-love.
15:58 I was confused at first why no one said gardevoir, but obviously it's because everyone here IS attracted to them. it didn't have to be said.
punt tokepi
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU GUYS YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY I'M GLAD YOU GUYS HAVE YOU'RE OWN YOUTUBE CHANGE!❤️❤️❤️
U know what bedoof would be the nerd shoved into the lockers In my opinion, Dennis parking lot brawl would be a hitmonlee send em in coach. Closeted gay would just be a male lopunny. Cinnamon toast would be a slowpoke I have no reason why it just fits I guess. Mewtwo is just a full on vigilante so he storming the white house just to be apart of a revolution.  Hatsune Miku fan is cellabi or wait what was that legendary water Pokemon in a movie I will have to look it up and then comment it afterward. Disney adult why does jynx come to mind so dam easily I don't like it but no I'm picking that family of mice.a person who has a Pokemon attraction would have to be a guardivore. A preventor of 9/11 what is that one Pokemon that straight slap corveknights outta the sky to make there hammers outta there armour.
I will not STAND for this mewtwo slander! Mewtwo is a COMMUNIST  He was made by republicans but he betrayed them!
Crustle would commit numerous war crimes, I mean look at his eyes
Bruh, Taurus are only males... 🤨
6:16 I thought Eevee, "she" would down a bowl with Yamper
11:04 i can’t believe they didn’t mention gumshoose or youngoose
For the eating a pokemon one, in the original anime team rocket and ash's gang are all stranded at sea due to the sinking of the Anne, and James tries to eat a magicarp but it's revealed they have pretty much no edible flesh and are pretty much entirely scales and bone. So, i'd say Cpt. Kidd probably shouldn't've gotten the point for it.
1: I would pick blipbug, because it’s literally a nerd and a little weak bug  2: I actually picked tyrogue because just like primeape and annihilape it’s always trying to battle, even if it’s not because it’s angry  3: I didn’t think of one. Quackswell was definitely a great one, and granbull made sense, but I didn’t think of them  4: definitely ralts, though mostly if its trainer likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch, it is also a child so it makes sense  5: buzzwole. Just gives off insane and conservative vibes in my opinion.  6: I immediately thought of rotom, mainly because it was the project voltage electric mon, but it also loves electricity and hatsune miku is computerized  7: disappointingly, I didn’t think of anything. Truly sad  8: diancie probably, but especially the mega. It is very feminine even if it’s not that humanoid like some more obvious answers  9: gigantimax duraladon would either take the fall or it would at least take revenge for it’s fallen buildings. The Shard will have vengeance.  10: I do agree with Giwi here, I didn’t come up with anything though  11: golem wishes he didn’t give away 2 of his arms so he could be what machamp is, including the gigantimax inclusion  12: if all of them had a combined crush, I would go for Volo similar to weegee’s Cynthia. However, I actually think that since there’s 108 souls in spiritomb, they all have different crushes and some of the souls are actually with their soulmates.  13: tynamo would show off a light ball, NOT a light bulb, thinking it’s thunderstone that he can evolve with when he’s eelektrik  14: sleep deprived podcast, other than mikasacus  15: definitely would commit identity theft on torterra. I mean crustle is basically an alternative to torterra in design, so he would try to pretend to be torterra to an extreme degree  16: whismurr, it’s ball shaped and a baby so it’s very light  17: 12, but maybe 60 if a lot of them become rat kings. I’m not very strong.  18: porygon Z we will be BFFs and there’d only be one unless I let people copy them since it can’t reproduce and it’s already manmade  19: I can’t answer this one because I didn’t get my turn on the generator  20: as a joke answer I would definitely eat some poison type because I drink Cyanide in a Bottle daily! Real answer clawitzer seems like fine dining  Fun gameshow to play along with
i love longer videos and game show formats because it has both discussion and a competitive side, this was so much fun
My thought for which Pokémon do you eat was vanillish I gotta know if that ice cream cone actually tastes like ice cream
For the second question I would have said jigglypuff flashbacks to that one episode 💀💀💀👌
ok ok ok i'd like to drop my answer for one of these, specifically, which pokemon is the most closeted gay. i think its swadloon. leavanny is gay, shes fabulous, she is into fashion, and is cool as hell, but then we have swadloon, the little hoodie wearing cocoon. this pokemon is not only closeted gay, hiding itself away in her little leaf hoodie, but i believe she is also a closeted trans woman, again, hiding in her leaf hoodie, to alleviate her dysphoria.
Y'all had a Pokémon question related to Hatsune Miku and none of y'all answered with Farfetch'd? Really?
The correct answer for the gay one is minior because he is always inside of a shell, and inside is all the colors of the rainbow
Voids golem monologue is unironically so tragic and poetic lol
I would love to see more of this style of content from you guys!!!
Man No one said Minior for the closeted gay pokemon? They come in single colours of the rainbow so only when they're among friends do they show their "true colours," also they hide in a rock until hit when they "come out"
For the second question, Pancham would have been a great answer cuz not only would he always get into fights at Denny's, you know he also always losing.
Captain Kidd? More like Bottomof D. Sea
WAIT HOW WAS INTELEON NOT IN THE GETS SHOVED INTO A LOCKER
44:17 rip Kidd. Guess he's never watched the anime? Magikarp is canonically inedible and has literally no meat!
Im so disappointed that nobody said that gumshoos would storm tue capitol.
Geewee for punting. I too wish to punt Pikaboo
Muk storming the capital is my new favorite thing ever
i said drowzze for "what pokemon is the most closetted gay?" because of MandJTVplays
Not counting the Golem storyline (as it feels a little unfair) the only pokemon evolutionary line that had every stage mentioned was Whismur. Exploud was given as an answer, Loudred was given as an answer (twice technically but by the same person) and Whismur was brought up as one of the questions.
We gotta see more of these game shows
Do this again and bring Wolfey on!
Unknown Q form
i really like the stuff on this new channel,but right now, this is my favourite!
No one shoved into a locker more than psyduck
Wobuffet would stop 9/11 bro. Existed in 2001. Counter. Shit bounce off him. I rest my case.
Y'know, I'm actually disappointed that none of them suggested Red-Stripe Basculin as a Pokémon who'd storm the Capitol. They're identified by the colour of America's mainstream right-wing party and have been recorded getting into vicious fights with Blue Stripe Basculin. Oh, and because they're fish, these Pokémon also attack in groups.
i hope we get more of these jaiden pokemon game shows
“Tauros we could probably milk”  Tauros is 100% male 😰
Yungoos or Gumshoos would be the pokemon who stormed the capitol
Personally, I'm surprised no one said Farfetch'd for the Miku question.
Keep Whismur away from Weegee!
I see many good things coming from this channel
Another child successfully slaughtered by kenny
Bruxish is uglier than purugly 😂
My answers: 1. Dartix - He's a scholar, a dweebe, and too polite for his own good.    2. Zangoose - He's a tempered guy though innit?   3. Absol - He's emo and likely has different pronouns if its male.   4. Munchlax - Cereal is consumed by more than 70% of americans and can be one of the leading causes of obesity among children. And munchlax eats anything.   5. Gumshoos - He is the closest pokemon to donald trump. Now, donald trump would not storm the capital, but his fans did. So he is likely to be in there at that time, also considering how much Trump loves himself.   6. Glaceon - Glaceon has the colour and hair style of hatsune miku.   7. Nidoqueen - has the head similar to the mickey mouse logo and looks older than she should be to be at disney world.   8. Thundurus - Incarnate forme.   9. Metang - I don't know why I heard of it somewhere.   10. Landourus guilty pleasure - Watching films featuring Dwayne the rock johnson. The therian forme has the Eye brows.   11. Golem's biggest regret is not seeing a chiropractor sooner.   12. spirtomb biggest crush is togekiss. He got cynthia to ditch her gastrodon in platinum for togekiss because he crushes her.   13. Tynamo would bring batteries, he like what they can do. :)   14. Slaking/vioroth - The generally strong hoenn nomal type and Slaking is the bully of hoenn. Even the varsity legendries have the same base stat total.   15. Crustle -  would fabricate artwork for for burgh.  Fraud.   16. Hoopa - I would punt it and it would travel in a space hole to another place entirely . I'm scrappy  17. Rattata is scary - guts is one of the strongest abilities in the game. I'm roughly 182 cm. 5"11" and rattata is 30 cm, 1". Thats a big rat. If I were fearless, maybe 4.   18. My favourite pokemon - Gardevoir not for internet reasons but Gardevoir would die for their trainer.   19.  My choices: Granbull, swalot, and seviper. I only like Seviper out of these three. This is tough:  k - Swalot m - Granbull? f - seviper  20. Carracosta - I've always wanted to try a giant tortoise, there are stories of how it was the most exquisite meat ever and there was drinkable water within it. I would assume that being a water type it would have water. If not that for whatever reason either ducklett or torchic.
Shrek the musical freak flag ayo
I would have gone Drizzile for the first
7:31: bull milk, that would be some salty cereal...
For the Denny's parking lot question, I'd say Jynx. Like she's definitely the girl that frequents either Denny's or Arby's and would definitely throw hands if someone spilled their fries.
20:59 I Object to the OBJECTION!!! While giwi chose Dialga, a gen 4 pokemon who wasn't around, she did state that she'd go BACK IN TIME with him to stop 9/11! So take that!
Weedle is the one getting shoved into lockers. Them and their damn nipple feet.
Ima put my answers here because I'm bored     1. Wigglytuff. he's just ugly 2. Gyarados. Have you read the dex entries? Watched the anime? If so, you'll probably know... 3. Zorua. Just look at him. 4. Miltank. It can put the milk into the cereal. I have no clue what Cinnamon Toast Crunch tastes like, if you can't tell. (Also written before Weegee's answer. Great minds think alike I suppose? Also Tauros cannot be milked, it's gender ratio is 100% male) 5. Tyranitar. I don't have much logic other than it's an angy boi who looks like it wants to commit crimes. 6. Lopunny. I again don't have much logic but... idefk man... 7. Vanillish. Just that smile... I don't hate Vanillish as much as other people, but jesus christ, that smile SCREAMS Disney... 8. Mincinno. Just because it's cute, I don't see it that way, I just appreciate the cuteness, but still. 9. Metagross. Hear me out. Firstly, it can fly when it Mega evolves, secondly, it's REALLY freaking strong, I wouldn't be surprised if it could destroy an airplane. But, lastly, it's a really good counter for Tentacruel. And if you don't know why I say that, look up "banned tentacruel episode." 10. Destruction of property. You're telling me a genie wouldn't want to mess with humans? And it's a GUILTY pleasure, because their trainer would scold them for it.  11. Being traded for a Machoke... and barely having eye brows. 12. I have two answers, Sableye or Giratina. Sableye because they're bros, you know, both Dark/Ghost, both fairly small, they have a lot in common, but tbh, I like to view them more as just really good friends, but Spiritomb actually has a crush on Giratina, because Giratina is a powerful spooky ghost type from the same generation, and it's a legendary Pokemon, so Spiritomb looks up to it. 13. A teddy bear, because he's just a little guy. 14. Charmeleon. I knew it had to be a middle stage, because it can't be too big, or too small, and what is better than a starter middle stage for that? Other than that though, Charmeleon just seems like it's looking for easy prey. Ivysaur and Wartortle look like they want even fight, like they're honorable, but Charmeleon? Nah... 15. Manslaughter. Like, it would just be walking about, not really doing anything, and then BOOM, it completely crushes someone by accident. It wouldn't even be fazed. Not like it wouldn't care, it would, but it's like a neutral pacifist. He doesn't want to kill, but if he accidentally does, too bad. Again, he does care, just, too bad, y'know? 16. Applin. It's only 1.1 pounds, spherical, but, it's also 100% solid, with a NOT HOLLOW inside, like Cosmog or Igglybuff. (I would personally give this one to Void, btw.) 17. 0, 1 at most. It would strike so much FEAR into my heart, if you know what I mean... I mean, what a f#cking evil annoying rodent Ratatta is, am I right? 18. Assuming I get to keep it, Arceus. If I don't instantly own it, Spheal. Arceus because it's literally God, and Spheal because it's a cute and yet friendly boi. 19A. F: Toxicroak. I won't like it, but assuming I don't die, it's the best of the three. M: Rowlet, cute lil guy, deserves to live. K: Bunnelby. Sorry, Bunnelby... 19B. F: Simipour, best of three bads, M: Scorbunny, part of the starters, I can't do it... K: Grumpig. Again, sorry, Grumpig... 19C. F: Hoopa, I'm not gonna explain because you probably know. M: Ash Greninja, cool dude. Wouldn't mind. K: Rhyhorn. I don't feel as bad as the other two, but again, sorry, Rhyhorn 19D. F: Tirtouga. I'm only doing this to keep him alive... M: Rowlet, same reasoning as the Rowlet before. K: Sunkern. Sorry, Sunkern, you were a good meme while you lasted (even though Wishiwashi has lower BST and saying you have the lowest is misinfo but whatever) 20: Moltres. I like chicken, but Combusken doesn't look good, and Blaziken, I both like more than Moltres and looks like it would be too large (Btw, I know Moltres's height in the Pokedex is like 6 ft tall but Ima ignore that) Either that or Magikarp.
Why did no one choice to eat alcremie…
The real Hatsune Miku fan is Ludicolo.
And nobody's going to lift that shell it's too heavy it's a rock
"What Pokemon is the most closetted gay?" Me: OH thats easy, the answer is me
Jaden please invite me I came up with the best answers for the crystal question it should have been shoplifters he'll just hide stuff under his shell
Void talking about the Jigglypuff singing stopping the plane just made me imagine the terrorists going "SOMEONE SHUT THAT DOG UP" and then bang bang the air gets let out of the balloon.
Tbh, Hitmonchan would scrap at a Denny's.
7:13 Hex Maniac. Hex Maniac also provides milk.
I'm shocked no one said xatu, absol or celebi in the who can stop 9/11
Rattata is 30cm (1ft). That is a big ass rat and they can learn thunder and blizzard. Good luck with a billion👍
I believe gumshoos would have been at capitol
as someone obsessed with project voltage (the miku pokemon collab) i was so happy that it was mentioned !! a fun fact: all the pokemon mentioned were used for the project! meloetta for psychic, chatot for normal, jigglypuff for fairy, and toxtricity for poison like mentioned !
For a Pokemon to make real, how about Arceus?  And then he'd make all the other Pokemon real, and then we can all get excited about the idea of becoming Pokemon Trainers for a whole 5 seconds before the human race goes extinct.
i like pokemon
0:21: answer: sunkern.
I'm surprised no one said Gumshoos for the storming the capitol question.
I HOPE NO ONE IS DRINKING BULL MILK OH MY GOD
The whismur question should’ve been meditate because of Jaiden’s first nuzlocke
34:20 its tax evasion, he is a crab, that piece of land is stuck to him after he dug himself in a hole to avoid feds.
Humerously for the Hatsune Miku question, all four answers were featured in artwork for Project Voltage, Toxicitry for Poison, Jigglypuff for Fairy, Chatot for Normal, and Meloetta for Psychic type.
31:06 the answer is simple, Apandah
god i dont know why but around the ending was just so funnyyy like im crying rn
I think rufflett would storm the capital. Unova is the American region. Braviary is a very American bird and already rapped in politics against mandabuzz so I think rufflett is prone to seeing too many ultra right winged (pun intended) tik toks and then flying out to the capital to join it.
24:30 I couldn't help checking and this is not true.     There is sauce.
How many people just realized Jaiden had a pokemon bowtie?
( note all made in moment not after question) 1. sobble          i mean look at it 2. incineroar   angry on outside so needs to maintain that  is to fight 3. diglett   starts off alone but joins bros in evolution 4. machop   almost a human child 5. machamp    big macho man  most of trump's following 6. altaria      seems like the sort of guy that sit down and listen to music- pop music and watch anime 7. venusaur     matched Disney as kid looks like wouldn't quit also really annoying because a literal dinosaur 8.  incineroar again        tough in public really nice and sweet once get to know 9. mega salamence          really angry  flying objects nearby crashes into plane before crashes into twin tower 10. k pop big macho men will get shamed for listening to k pop 11. playing Mario galaxy 2 with rock power up causing existential crises 12. mightyena    a cool fellow dark type really looks up to in a little more ways then admiration 13. a really cool rock found while swimming and it's meant to be young at least in my eyes so a cool rock, it would just be proud for finding a rock 14. raboot, cool kid who is expected to pick on small ones such as whismur 15. arson just wants to see the world burn for all the people and Pokemon that were mean to it 16. altaria they would under stand and start flying once i hit them to make me look good 17. 10 before they gang up on me 18. swablu i considered altaria but if sawablu then both of them instead of 1 and it's a nice cloud bird friend 19. nope 20.machoke i wonder how humans taste like and is less muscular then machamp so more meat
Surprised nobody say Vanilluxe for which Pokémon they would eat.
The sheer disrespect to Mewtwo is unreal, smh my head
This Ratatta question is really highlighting the fact that not enough people understand the true terror of rats. Go play Dishonored and learn something.
I can't fight even 1 ratatta if they are level one..  The F.E.A.R ratatta will just endeavor quick attack me. '°-°
Cant believe incineroar wasnt mentioned   15:54
LOVE Jaiden's bow tie.
I'm gonna leave what my answers were as I watched here.  1. Oshawott, cuz he's fat, short, has freckles, and swings a seashell around like a sword cuz he's a nerd. 2. Alolan Raichu, a Pokémon that canonically gains its strength from pancakes. Honestly surprised no one else thought of this. 3. I also guessed Quaxwell, cuz look at that thing. That's "in the closet" in Pokémon form. 4. Munchlax. Not only cuz Cinnamon Toast Crunch is food, but it's also the third most "child-adhering" cereal ever, only behind Cocoa Puffs and Fruit Loops. Munchlax is a baby Pokémon, so it fits. 5. Magnemite, solely because I remember an episode of Pokémon Generations where a SWAT team was tracking down Giovanni, and they used one to open a door that was magnetically locked. I know almost nothing about this event, so that's the best I've got. 6. Slaking. No question. This guy is a total weeb in disguise, don't even lie to yourself and say that he's not. 7. Maushold, don't even get me started. Literally a family with children, and they even have Mickey Mouse ears. 8. Salazzle. For a second I thought this question was gonna be hard. /lh 9. Ludicolo. It doesn't wanna hijack a plane, it doesn't want anyone to hijack a plane, it just wants to dance. Probably on the plane. I wrote this before hearing Void's piece, but honestly Jigglypuff is the only Pokémon before gen 3 I can think of that makes sense. 10. That really bad Lion King knockoff. He would absolutely watch that in secret. 11. Losing two of his limbs to some random buff himbo. So, very similar to (almost) everyone else's answers. 12. Dusknoir, if we're going off the bonus content in Explorers Of Sky. Dude literally trapped Celebi and almost possessed Grovyle solely cuz Dusknoir asked him to. 13. A framed photo of his best friend Stunfisk. They're both gen 5 Electric-types that live in water, so I can definitely see their parents letting them have playdates after school all the time. 14. Poochyena. They're often found on the same routes, and it's generally stronger than Whismur (until they both evolve at least). 15. Tax fraud. 🦀 16. Paras. I'd hope so, at least. Giwi's answer is what I'm following, though. 17. Assuming they have the same power level as actual rats, uhh, like two maybe. I'm a wuss. 18. Zorua. I know Ditto can transform into more things than Zorua can, but Zorua can still transform into any Pokémon, plus it's cuter and cooler anyway. F: Bunnelby, Scorbunny, Hoopa Unbound, and Tirtouga. M: Rowlet, Grumpig, Rhyhorn, and Rowlet again. K: Toxicroak, Simipour, Ash-Greninja, and Sunkern. Final: Alcremie. IT'S A DOLLOP OF WHIPPED CREAM THAT GIGANTAMAXES INTO CAKE, *PLEASE.*
The perfect puntable Pokémon is Igglybuff. Once it starts bouncing it will never stop
"Sunkern is small and handheld so I guess I'll fuck it" is the worst sentence ever uttered by man
👍
15:54
Crustel would commit acidental murder stepping on another bug or something
7:27 tauros can only be male, so you might be able to milk it, but it might be a bit salty
Giwi is a straight up vibe
Alright, I'm going to try playing along here.  Rate me if you want.  1. Locker would be Scraggy/Scrafty to me, who also gets pantsed and atomic wedgies everyday.  I did love this on my B/W team still.  I guess it could end up like Giwi's take. 2. Honestly Snorlax would throw down at Denny's to me.  You don't get in the way of Snorlax and food without risking it all.  If Snorlax passes out after a good meal there you best not wake it up. 3. Closeted Gay...Machamp I'll go with, but really could be about any Fighting humanlike Pokemon.  Aside from Hitmonchan, he is owning it with that skirt/tutu design. 4. Cinnamon Toast Crunch?  It's gotta be Alakazam and his spoons loving all the cereal.  Alternatively Quaxly came to mind, but I got Captain Crunch and CTC mixed up there haha. 5. Gyarados comes to mind, but he's storming everywhere any day.  Or Yangoos, just a bunch of Yangoos ready to vote for Gumshoos Trump.  Yeah, I'm going with Yangoos instead! 6. I want to say Jigglypuff, but that would be more of a rivalry with Hatsune Miku in my mind.  It's all I can think of off the top of my head, though. 7. Well, Maushold would be the whole Disney family.  Screaming kids and the parents trying to wrangle them while dealing with lines. 8. It's overdone, but I can understand Gallade/Gardevior.  Basically the humanoid ones to a certain extent could be seen as attractive.  But all but Kidd are valid to me. 9. He wouldn't, but Mewtwo could have.  Really any Psychic type that saw it coming.  Abra line, just come in and teleport the planes away.  Yeah, Abra line with Teleport ftw. 10. Oh, that eyebrow raise?  Landorus loves Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson meme compilations. 11. I'd say Golem regrets losing those extra arms from his Graveler days.  Machoke/Machamp stole them and now they got beef. 12. See, with Kidd's question I would say Cynthia.  Crushing dreams and teams side by side, but Spiritomb has to contend with Garchomp and hates it.  Or maybe Spiritomb secretly wants that love triangle and is crushing on that Garchomp on its team. 13. Tynamo is bringing a taser to show and tell.  That will stop everyone from picking on Tynamo, but maybe they will be friends after. 14. I mean, who doesn't bully Whismer?  Zubat/Golbat probably, but they bully everyone that's in a cave. 15. Either petty theft, which is apparently common with animals from seagulls to squirrels, or Crustle has made someone swim with the fishes.  I'll say the former (petty theft) because I keep thinking of the seagulls running off with bags of chips and imagining a crab doing that instead. 16. Depending on wind direction I think Hoppip, though that is having wind currents help me send it further away.  Otherwise Smoliv comes to mind, looks like he gets punted often though and I would feel bad. 17. Without weapons I think I can reasonably take 10 Rattatas, more if I have something to keep them at bay. 18. Ditto shall be real, and so with it all Pokemon shall exist.  Yeah, that's where I'm stopping with participation haha
How many knives are ducktaped to them?
As a Bruxish Lover. I am not that sort of Lover.
For the Hatsune Miku question how did choose shiny Gardevoir
Eevee would be a great house pet, can evolve based on friendship and also not into vaporeon because no water stone.  I'd make it real for the people.
"What is Golem's biggest regret?" Let's just say he was never the same ever since what we can only refer to as "the kindergarten incident."
I feel like Jaiden got this idea from CJ and made it infinitely funnier. Also Scraggy would be the one fighting Primape in the Denny’s Parking Lot
Awesome video!!!!
I'm winning the Ratata fight, reason, I'm a yakuza fan and have practiced Majima's breaker style. *One-eyed dancer starts playing*
Just gotta say, for the which Pokemon I would make real? Mimikyu ^w^ My fave pokemon of all time and while yes, I can never look at what is beneath, I wouldn't want to, I just wanna hug it and make it feel loved ;w; Maybe make it more sweet disguises or give it the materials to make it's own little disguises besides pikachu :3 Just hang out and make it happy ;w;
Which fnaf animatronic would blank, like, the cast is massive and any die hard fan would be able to give similar answers to this obe
Let's be honest guzzlord is a veteran Denny's parking lot fight club enthusiast. Not to mention their cry in the anime is just a man's scream.
Dude Whismur is easily the most puntable Pokemon 100%
Calling Golem a sauceless pokemon after Landorus was on the screen is insane. 💀
Jaiden looks so cute with her little bowtie and pokeball!
I want snorlax to be real so bad
You guys should do something with character AI! That's unhinged
My list of answers 1.Clobbopus- crybaby that wants to get into fights but always loses them 2. Grapploct- After years of bullying, never really grew up and is always quick to anger 3. Grapploct- Uses his fights as a distraction to his closeted feeling of attraction, and always goes for grappling techniques to gratify his want of physical touch 4. Slurpuff- just really like sweets , and cinnamon toast crunch has that in droves 5. Copperajah- Elephant represents republican ideology and mascot, and also extremely destructive 6. Eevee- literally just a child who wants to grow up into hatsune miku, also loves her many outfits and styles and expressiveness 7. Banette- Abandoned and obsessive, disney is a void that Banette feeds into to try to fill the emptiness in her relationship to her original owner 8. Lucario- I understand why people like it (big thighs and also fox), but the giant chest spike removes any ability to give it a hug and I'd want to do that with someone I like :( 9. Hoopa- has the ability to create portals anywhere, could just make the plane go somewhere else, and not have to hurt the passengers, easy game  10. Landorus' guilty pleasure is playing cod/fortnite until 2:00am, also very toxic and will cuss you out if you're not playing meta (Damn Giwi went hard on this answer) 11. Golem's biggest regret is investing in niche cryptocurrencies, but not really understanding what crypto was, resulting in losing all of geodude's college fund 12. Spiritomb has a crush on Banette, but knows they cannot be together, because her love of disney will overshadow her love for them, and so they leave, longing for something impossible for both of them 13. Tyanamo would bring one of the gems from chargestone cave to show and tell, and show off how both of them float through their electrical powers 14. Whismur's bully is Jangmo-o, it being both super effective and having the ability soundproof makes it easy for it to have power over the little whismur 15. Crustle would commit the crime of identity theft, trying to steal kingler's identity, but not realising that hermit crabs and crabs are 2 very different animals, making him easily convicted 16. I would be able to punt a Swablu furthest, not just because swablu is a cloud bird that would float very far when kicked, but also because my personal hate for the pokemon, I would not be able to restrain my strength like I may when seeing any other cute, ball like pokemon. Also, my pure hate would be felt in that pokemon, making it fly as far away from me as well 17. I could fight off about 3, but with the moves hyper fang, super fang, and double edge, it can do real damage very quickly, and so I only realistically can fight off about 3, where 4 would be able to overwhelm me (damn they are really over estimating their strength) 18. I would want to have my boy Hawlucha, specifically Talon, my lv. 100 shiny hawlucha I caught in sw/sh, to be in real life because he is awesome and cool and I like him 19. I generated Gigantamax Grimmsnarl, Unfezant male, and Alomomola. I would fuck alomomola, kill Unfezant, marry Gigantamax Grimmsnarl 20. I would eat Oinkologne, I love porkchops, epecially when marinated and spiced correctly, and sausage is a top 5 breakfast food    Thank you for reading! This was a great video.
I think Farfetch'd would be a big fan of Hatsune Miku for bringing honor and joy to the humble leek
"What Pokemon could've stopped 9/11" Absol. Absol can sense disasters before they happen. However, Absol is also an emo kid (obviously), so it knows that if 9/11 did NOT happen, My Chemical Romance would never have formed, and that simply will not stand. So it chose not to.
Shocked no one said Gumshoos stormed the capitol
Since their is a screenshot of PokeMMO in the video at exactly 1:39 could we maybe see a PokeMMO collab video on the channel?? Or maybe on the new WILDCARD channel perhaps???
No… snivy is my favorite starter
This will be a great channel
Play mother 3
This content is trash, I’m sorry but go back to story times.
Bull milk🤨
did weegee just admit he likes vore
At the 9/11 question I love the idea that quagsire would stop 9/11 because of the damp ability
I think Porygon & Miku would be friends inside the computer c:
Can't believe they didn't say Bonsly, no hands to fight back and all it does is cry, that fuckers in a locker the second it enters a hallway
How did the trump haircut Pokemon not make it to the capitol?
Wsp
as a  Republican, I appreciate the representation at 8:07
"can't fuck a turtle, so that one has to die" -weegee 2023
So much fun! Loving the new channel
Bravery stormed the capital
I feel like machamp is the kind of guy who is gay because he just wants to have a gym bro
I liked this video, some of those answers were spot on and others couldn’t hit the broad side of a barn lol. As far as other quizzes or game shows, I’d like a Jeopardy Video game trivia game, or a guess that video game song video. Those are usually fun!
what a game show
Rip FWoB, but this’ll be awesome
Why did nobody say that Gumshoos would storm the Capitol.  It literally looks like trump
igglybuff according to the pokedex would not stop bouncing so technically we could rack up a lot of distance
sup
23:12 WHEN GIWI SAID THE WORD: “Therian” MY PHANTOM SHIFT EARS LEGITAMATELY PERKED UP- I- AAAAAA!!!!
I'm honestly shocked nobody answered Gardevoir or for question 8. It's such an obvious answer!   -my answer probably would have been Mewtwo-
THE BOWTIE HAS ME DYING
One must imagine Golem happy
Already over 100K subs 💀
two vids and got 106k subs.  Nice
I don’t use lockers :D
Why would you do my boy Mewtwo like that 😢
A gameshow about what kinds of things you would do in certain Disney cartoons or Jump animes?
so disappointed nobody said farfetch'd on the hatsune miku one
17:25 TRAUMA DUMP TIME Be me, probably 13-14 and pretty sheltered, browsing deviantart, and finding THAT EXACT DESCRIPTION for erotica and being confused and grossed out
Timburr definitely stormed the capitol
I love all the questions that Jaiden had asked all of them!!!
Fun fact. Tauros is always male, so you shouldn't try to milk them.  Someone should find a way to make Hisuian Zorua real.
Dude voids reasoning for punting koffing is why he wins
meow
Great video but idea , yeah right so like pokemon dungeon but you voice the characters or the pokemon types
I would've eaten Arceus because not even god can handle my unstoppable human will
TIL Giwi's favorite mon is also my favorite mon! Bug Stallion ftw!
Counterpoint to Chatot being a fan of Hatsume Miku: Chatot was absolutely at the January 6th riots and is a Republican.
in my flesh
I’m so surprise no one said alcremie to eat dude it’s 90 foot tall cake
25:17 Bro gave Golem a tragic backstory 😢
17:40 MY answer for this section would be Ninetales. Like...that's a fucking fox. BUT...she do got those fuck me eyes.
16:05 How could no one chose Vaporeon for the memes in this section? Or the actual correct answer: a lvl50 shiny mega Rayquaza with 6 perfect IVs.
13:01 I thought we were at least have one person mentioned the Pokemon Farfetched
2:50 Crabrawler. He’s ready for a fight 4:36 Machoke. 5:38 Nah, Oranguru would be an old queen 6:17 Alcremie, baby loves sugar, and cereal is up there 8:16 Gumshoos, he has similar hair to Donald Trump 9:21 Mewtwo started Q-Anon so humanity would destroy itself, and so pokemon could reign supreme 11:42 Meloetta, she seems like she would idolize Hatsune Miku. 13:50 Maushold, it’s literally a whole family, of course they’d be at Disney. 19:16 Mewtwo, they have psychic powers 22:02 chewing cigars, instead of smoking them 24:25 not filing his nails before scratching his ass 27:13 Gothitelle 31:45 Scraggy, cause they constantly pick fights, it’s what they do 35:24 Snom.
And just like that, they had to go politcal. Im out
Voltorb was at Jan 6th, hothead already wearing a Maga hat.
My new Favorite Quote that made me wheeze; "Can't fuck a Turtle? Death."
:D
Ah, yes. Consistent Jaiden Content
i am better than all dads
We all know the Ohio-type Taurus would be the first pokemon up the stairs on January 6th
🤔
jaiden jumpscare
Pretty sure all Tauros is male so milking them might be a tad bit hard...or easy
I'm here from the lethal company stream, just doing my part
I’m sorry but the correct answer for the first one is Scraggy without a doubt. Bro looks like he tried to act tough and got shoved in a locker for it. Although I also feel like he’d tell big bro (Scrafty) about that and he’d beat up the bullies.
Who could you punt the furthest? I'd say Weegee wins that with minior. Specifically because I imagine the rock exterior breaking on impact and he would become a shooting star 🥹
Everyone knows Ludicolo is the gayest Pokémon
Oh my god giwi and weegee have opposite names this might be the best day ever
for the storm the capitol i was  thinking about gumshoos by basically being trump but then thought about how theyre more causing the storming rather than being there in person
21:00 hydreigon pokedex entry: This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack. he is canonically the pokemon who crushes airplanes, now the 9/11 incident has been eradicated and totally not been replaced by a new one.
"What Pokemon likes Cinnamon Toast Crunch?"  Crustle.  Well known fact that the Cinnamon Toast Crunch squares are cannibals. There was an entire ad campaign showcasing that. You know what else is a cannabal? A hermit crab. They'll eat their own kind no problem. Crustle will watch a commercial for Cinnamon Toast Crunch and feel seen as a cannabal, so he'll go out and buy a box and see the resemblence between the squares and his shell (don't ask why it took until now to notice) and be even more hooked, and now he's found a nice viable alternative to eating Dwebble.
33:15 igglypuff, once that thing bounces, it will never stop - pokedex
HERE BEFORE 100K SUBS LETS GOOOOOO
the crustle question made me think that he has similar energy to the big red bird from the angrybirds movie so he probably k*lled a man
8:07 Gumshoos tweeted out to Aloha in order to storm the capital.
The storm the Capitol question  I’m just wondering why no one recommended Gumshoo ?
I don't know any of these content creators besides Jaiden but I love this cast Jaiden's got. Jaiden saying "you're gonna have to fuck one of them" is wild but a welcoming one 😳
Mewtwo was storming the French capitol.
How do I sign up for this
Sleeper pick for the January 6th question is Gumshoos I mean do I even have to elaborate
Jumpluff would go the furthest being punted. It’s very light, and its biological purpose is being carried by the lightest wind.
Love that this channel exists. Literally my favorite people on the Internet just vibing
Nobody said Morpeko for question two?!
helleaux
17:04 xDDD i was really expecting someone to say Gardevoir this round lol
I cant believe after the 9/11 question, when it got to Golems regret no one said "that he couldnt stop 9/11" lol
Yoooo new channel! With content! Yoooo!
ohhh man, I was wondering if he was gonna fuck the turtle or not
Slaking got to the steps of the capitol.
This ruled Please do more
Therian Landorus actually got knocked down to UU i think
HEYYYYYY
Haunter's big stoner energy fucking loves cereal of all types.
15:55 "THERE'S NO LAWS AGAINST THE POKEMON, BATMAN!"
I think the most compelling case was Joltik, it definitely deserves to be punted, just look at it!
I feel like this channel has already gotten politically charged with the 6th Jan question.
You cannot look in crustles eyes and tell me he does not commit arson
Golem's biggest regret was giving his extra arms to a Machoke and in return getting it's dopey face.
I feel that, for the "Which one would be at 1/6" question, yes, Mewtwo would be there, but he'd be there every year to be angry at everyone in DC. He's there by default.
lickatounge eats more cinnamon toast crunch  imo
Beleaguered middle-aged mother Lopunny gets into a fight with a Salvation Army Santa Claus in the parking lot of a Denny's while her husband desperately tries to get the car to turn over and the kids are just yapping and she has had ENOUGH.
Punting should have been Meowth - since we know that dude blasts off from the smallest attacks.
I mean… while you COULD try to milk Tauros, they can only be Male…😬
I think farfetch’d would fw miku. Solely bc of the leek
self destruct gang
Smoliv would be flanked by like 4 Machokes and if Smoliv got messfd with, its bully would be turned inside out by a bunch of buff dudes. The correct answer to that question is definitely Mr. Mime.
This is already looking epic can't wait for more
31:06 Chatot bullies whismer, because they secretly have a crush so S/he will repeat what Whismer says. embarassing whismur and takeing credit for whismur's ideas.
Can't believe no-one chose Gumshoos for the Jan 6th question.
8:17 the moment the word capitol was said my mind pictured that little dude that is just pokemon donald trump, and i am so proud of myself
i dare you to invite vanossgaming
Is it bad that for the 9/11 question I said tentacruel cuz of the banned episode
As if Crustle wouldn't commit tax evasion
1:05 I mean I feel like blipbug would be a good candidate
I think the one who would storm the capitol would look the most like Trump so i would say Gumshoos
Some spiders will literally catch the wind and 'fly' on the wind so sadly, yeah, I think you could punt it on a windy day and it fly for who knows how long
HIIIII
2 minutes in and this is already great :D
It’s funny that everyone’s answers for the Hatsune Miku one are all Pokemon that were used in Project Voltage (which is the official collab between Miku and Pokemon for anyone who didn’t already know). Though I can’t believe no one said Farfetch’d!! The iconic leek bird! Bonus point to because fighting type Miku even has a Sirfetch’d. It’s the only pokemon line that was featured twice in the lineup. And yes I am counting the original promotional art that features Pikachu and Farfetch’d for this case.
I'm surprised Giwi brought up Newgrounds games for punting/launching pokemon and didn't say Squirtle
Poopy
Weegee
wait is that weegee in the flesh
What anime character is giwi?
Giwi likes Scolipede too? Thats for sure a subscribe
Excited to watch this! Love the channel name too, Wildcard is such a cool name lol
You mark my words, eventually we will get Jaiden, Ironmouse, Cdawgva and some other 4th party together someday which will inevitably lead to jaiden being on an episode of trash taste. Im using my future sight.
Mewtwo would not storm the capital, mewtwo is literally antifa
I feel that crustle would unknowingly kidnap someone. like a caterpie would crawl on top of him and crustle would accidentally carry him home.
Oh my goodness farfetch’d would’ve been my answer for the Hatsune Miku question! The guy literally already has a leek!
ok
This was a blast to watch looking forward to so much more!
27:13 the 108 spirits have a crush on Dodrio, because they can not agree on which head is hotter
The pokemon that I could punt the farthest is Igglybuff. Because the pokedex states that once it starts bouncing it never stops bouncing. Therefore infinite distance.
As a Raichu favor, I totally feel that for Pikachu but sadly, you gotta have the Pika before the Rai. u_u
Watchog just gives me bad vibes so they were probably there January 6th
19:06 I mean, the best game in the franchise does revolve around a Grovyle that travels back in time to stop a tower from collapsing, that’s all I’m saying.
for which pokemon loves hatsune miku, whimsicott. why whimsicott? Jacob Fucking Alpharad. thats why
For the Hatsune miku one the answer is Farfetch'd, because of the Leek!
Giwi and Weegee... there has to be a joke in there somewhere...
Ass video
Gumshoos would have stormed the Capitol. Not only does he look like a certain treasonous President, he's also a cop.
So excited to see more videos of this channel!!! I am really hyped up for this one
The format here is awsome
HOOPA MENTIONED, MY DAY IS 50 TIMES BETTER NOW. THANK YOU
I dont even play or know anything about pokemon but this vid is so good and the channel looks promising
Love Crustle was in this. Dwebble rules
I was forced to subscribe I had a gun pointed to my head
Golem biggest regret is he can roll correctly
My lungs shot out of my body because of how hard I was laughing at the question here 💀 8:06
I cant believe that during the January 6th round no one brought up Gumshoos, the Trump pokemon itself
E
GIGGles hiIIIIIII OMGHH JYAYYAY
I just heard jaidenanimations say "Fuck". My life is forever altered and my childhood is forever shattered.
This comment will self destruct after you like it
True answer to the locker is definitely Blipbug. New with Gen 8 and he's totally a nerd.
How did you get 72 thousands subs in one hour
Lovely and funny, pure enjoyment.
19:07  Latios/Latias... Mega Salamance... Mewtwo... Arceus... Giratina... Giratina My final Answer!
Landorous would be the kinda pokemon to frequent 4chan doxxing people who dox people but is also hella racist and self absorbed
I'm only 2 questions in, but I'm hooked
:0
Came here for Jaiden content, stayed for Golem slander
Luxray can see why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch.  It has x-ray vision for crying out loud lol
The miku question is a SCAM Farfetch'd literally has a leek
Void over here actin like pheonix wrong with that objection 😂
I can’t believe no one said Yungoose for the storming the capital question
I came here from Jaiden's Self Destruct announcement, who else came here?
I find it funny how none of them chose Groudon and Kyogre for the Denny's parking lot question.
Plot twist. I don't even know who this jaiden person is? I'm here solely because I'm a weegee fan. His content, especially in the last couple of years is just stellar! I guess jaiden is cool too
These are the important questions
2 minutes in and GIWI FUCK YOU MEAN i’ve played psmd, espurr is the quiet kid, she is BADASS
Thank god theres more then a single fortnite video on this channel, jaiden i know you dont like that word but like relax for fucks sake im surpriced you didnt get burned alive
zigzagoon would totally fight on a dennis parking lot. with another zigzagoon. after them both disputing over a dennys leftover in the dennis back alley dumpsters  also for the miku question everyone chose the pokemon featured in project voltage omg
i was the 3000th like!!!
42:44  Never did I think I'd hear that sentence from Jaiden
Jaidens little bow! ❤
I'm surprised no one said Gumshoos or Yangoose on the Jan 6 question considering Gumshoos is pretty much Trump.
Trapinch would love cinnamon toast crunch
Landorus’ guilty pleasure is making sigma edits of himself. No explanation.
My first thought for the miku question was Farfetch'd because he has a leak lol  Edit: I feel like one of the questions for the next quiz should be "Which of these characters has daddy issues?"
I definitely didn't instantly thought of yamper as an cinnamon toast enjoyer
How about this tho for Vaporeon (ignoring the copypasta)  Dogs are awesome, they almost always love unconditionally, and they already like water. But, i personally am a poor swimmer, i sink like a boulder, so a Vaporeon buddy who would let me go out into the water and keep me safe would be amazing! Plus if anyone tries to say something weird about the lil man, you remind them that your fish dog can create tsunamis on command!  That being said, i want a sandshrew buddy, he is always best boy in my heart (:
We need a whole series of this
Joltik is too small to punt accurately! I’m giving that one to Minior
Man they really missed out on Maushold being a Disney Adult. It's literally a family of mice to take to Disney World.
Let's Gooo!🎉❤
13:00 Wait, no farfetch'd?!
Perfectos desconocidos English version?!?!?!!!?????
Exploud would be the one Primape is fighting.
"Most humans have teeth" was not prepared for that technical truth
13:00 Am I the only one who thought Farfetch'd ? His signature item is a literally a leek
32:06 i I love that everyone in the camera and ducks away from weegee.
The Pokémon that loves Hatsune Miku is 100% Farfetch’d. Bro’s got the leek and is ready to hit up a concert using it as a light stick and you can’t convince me otherwise.
Imagine this channel doing a D&D session-
hmmmmm
I only know Jaiden and Jacob (and only from Jaiden’s vods), but I already absolutely fucking love this crew, I expect to be subbed to most if not all of their channels within a few weeks.
Jaiden's power is absolute  1 hrs =>65k subs
The most closeted gay, is totally slaking. He is the old bear that goes to church and hits the gay bar in the same day.
THIS TIME IM FIRST, dang it im about an hour late again
I really love this so far, amazing video concepts and everyone already collaborated with everyone else bassicly every video so making this channel to group it all together with big projects looks really promising.
nice touch incorporating cards into the name considering ace of hearts.
now hears the thing, they forgot the pokemon that truly loves hatsune miku farfetch'd and his love for the leek as he dances to her shows.
You cannot convince me that Gurdurr wasn't walking up those front steps on Jan 6th
8:19 Murkrow
8:10 *Gumshoos*
the character selection in this video is just a bunch of oddballs.
"who can stop 9/11" me: alakazam. it has a 5k iq and psychic powers are nuts in pokemon it could just stop them.
Common LuWeegee W
Already love the WildCard content! Can't wait to keep seeing it!
How did this turn from, "I think this pokemon is gay" to "I THINK MR MIME STORMED THE CAPTIAL"
I feel like the answer for a lot of these could be Emboar
I wonder how Jaiden came up with these questions
I’m gonna say that the Pokémon that would be getting into a fight at Dennys is Jigglypuff. No questions asked.
You’re all wrong, Crustle commits *TAX EVASION*
The machoke line is not at all closeted, that is an out gay man for sure, he doesn't declare it cause hes comfortable in it but he doesn't hide it either
Void can't be more furry. XD
the dream team of streamers gathering up for making content together on the reg is such a welcome surprise!! not even halfway through the video and already having a blast with just the incredible amount of chemistry everyone has in their banter!! very much looking forward to more content from the channel!! :D 💙💙
Jai Den's Bizzare Adv- Game Show
11:38 Ok hear me out, Farfetch’d, he’s got the green onion, clearly he loves Hatsune Miku
11:37 ITS FARFETCH
What's the deal whit Lickitung being republican??😭
26:16 why is my humor so dirty :')
Good video, but I wish all the Pokemon images stayed on screen as they talked about them rather than immediately disappearing for some of them.
nice job
Hey. Idea for vid: play Ark: sutvival evolved (not survival asended, cause ark evolved has more content and dinos are stupider). Also studio that made Ark called Wild Card too!
Bullshit.   Drizzile would be put in the locker so hard. Look at this bitch  And Raboot?  Total closet gay  Edit:  Landorus’ guilty pleasure is simple:  That isn’t a tail. That’s all I’m sayin
I love this type of this kinda improvy game show content. Very game changers core.
Only 2 videos? That's risky
These avatars better not awaken anything in me...
2:21 Unown: Almost pointless And not really talkative.
no vanilluxe or alcremie for what pokemon you would eat.
Lmao I love this Also I didn’t notice Jaiden’s bow tie until halfway through the video
Can't believe they are trying to slander MewTwo as if his, "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth is irrelevent, it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are." quote is not one of the most transfriendly lines in pokemon, no way he's a republican
As someone who's favorite Pokemon is Serperior I don't know how to feel about Weegee's answer lol
Yo jaiden
Here from jaidens Self-destructing Announcement! love you guys!
The best quiz game ever!!!
Loved the video!
Havent seen Giwi before. Half the time she's vibrating those jigglebones. The other half of the time she's got that maw out.  ~~frankly i think we could do with more maw but~~
I DIDNT KNOW YOU WERE A V TUBER SLAYYY
LETS!!! GO!!!!!
Honestly not having Gumshoos storm the capitol is a crime
hug?
Problem with Mewtwo is that he would hate republicans. He would just storm the capital just because.  Also why didn't anyone say farfetch'd for the Miku fan.
nobody said Farfetch'd for the Hatsune Miku question? I'm surprised
4:38 LMAO I HAD THE EXACT SAME THOUGHT PROCESS
Bidoof for all of these
hellooooo
Well now I'm gonna go binge watch weegee now
So who will be on that channel
Hi guys 😆
After Weegee said Exploud it was insane how many other questions could have been answered with Exploud again
12:59 WHY NOT FARFETCH HE HAS THE GROCERY
Haha  ( I just woke up )
The person bottom right is truly in the flesh
Just got to the channel, hyped 😮👍
*Those who didn't come from tiktok can like this comment* 👇
w vid!!!!!
I already love this channel!!!
Here
This is a fun format for questions, there's some answer that seem "correct", like the miku meloetta one but it's all just for fun
As one of the first subscribers i see this as an absolute win
He have weegee in the flesh but we cant see his flesh
Cool video new sub
4:26 I said “Steven stone” with my full chest before remembering he’s not a Pokémon   This video had me howling thank you haha
infinity ratata
Blipbug was such an obvious answer for the first question
More of this please :D
The amount of anger Giwi produced after hearing her answer said by someone else is something
The Mewtwo Jan 6th pick is so disrespectful. Mewtwo was forced into this world and learned his lesson from Ash in the movie. He’s also a big psychic and would know better.
NO WAY SKYLANDERS REFRANCE 2:48
the kind of questions i expect to see in tomodachi life quirky questions
7:25 giwi.....tauros are male only. I hope no one is milking them....
Whenever I hear Pokemon's names, I know exactly how they sound because of Brian Hull's impression videos😂😂
This is such a chaotic fun channel dawg
I don’t think I need to explain why vigoroth is the most likely Pokémon to fight in the Denny’s parking lot. We don’t have Denny’s here in Australia but I promise you a vigoroth would fight in its parking lot
ITS WEEGEE IN THE FLESH’
Bro farfetch'd with absolutely be the biggest Miku stan He's already holding her trademark leak.
Been here before the million
Weegee is Alive? I wonder what happened to his channel
I still do not know who giwi is, they just kinda appeared one day and honestly I'm fine with it!
Guys it's Weegee in the flesh! or it is Weegee?
7:26 do not drink "bull milk"
two videos with jaiden in it in one day?!? new record
dang.
Last time I watched this channel feels long ago and now she a vtuber
-BLAST 'EM AWAY, CAPTAIN KIDD!-
I ALREADY LOVE THIS CHANNEL!!!!
Giwi is f***ing amazing on this channel.
these questions are the reason why we love Jaiden
POV you came here from the video
I wanna see a group terraria playthrough. that would be some serious shenannigans
My hand is bleeding
Wasn't kidding when you said videos will be out soon
I would have said tinkatink for the first question. Being bullied by stronger steel types is in its pokedex entry
For the first question, my answer wouldve been sobble. Hes literally a bullies target, cries all the time.
3:37 I’m not even joking when I say I thought Exploud as well.
Weegie in the flesh?!
This is aprroved by french 👍
Here in the first day!
Am I the only one from Jaiden’s the self destruct short video ?
This was really fun to watch, I hope we see more silly game shows in the future!
I think it’s be nice if you put a border around whoever is talking, kinda like what Discord does :)
Thumbnail Question is making me question my morals. Im not going to be able to sleep tonight, need the answer, no matter what it takes.
who's here from the video Jaiden made?
Weegee in the flesh!?!?🎉🎉
:D
I'm disappointed no one said Blipbug for the locker question...
Is it wrong that under both "Denny's Fight" and "Closeted Gay" all I can think is Snorlax
hey im gonna request a very funny yet scary game if you ever will play  Lethal company
Jaiden brought me here! ❤
This video was on my recommended and I had no idea that this was a group channel. Subscribe.
Landorus, loves sweets in particular rocky road ice-cream.
10:49 I’m so surprised nobody said Gumshoos
indeed very interesting show
Yeah gotta say this format and channel has a ton of potential and just seeing Jaiden host something like this is a good time itself. Wish you all the best with it!
Who’s here from her new self destructing video?
Well hello there
What
Floragato wouldve gotten shoved into a locker
2:03 I think he’s forgetting how op he is
pin???? (love this vid ngl)
I'm here
Whos here from Jaiden's Video👀
Hello
Counterpoint to Weegee's Braviary answer, Braviary is America the Bird... but America failed at stopping 9/11, that bird ain't shit.
:)
Bjorn
Already subbed so yay🎉
Weegee
Holy shit Lois is that Weegee in the flesh
Aww cool people 🥳🥳🎉🎉
wow really nice to see the gang
Hey I love all of you
WAIT YALL GOT CAID IN HERE?!
Watching this while doing science, make it go by a lot faster! ❤
We are witnessing history in front of our eyeballs, pay attention 📸
New channel?
Woah new channel!😊
The hard cut to "what pokemon stormed the capitol" was fucking hilarious
YAYAYA
its pretty crazy how much i do not care about this channel. wow, 1 hour and already getting hate comments! you are welcome
Cannot believe nobody said Braviary for the Jan 6 question
real
Im just here because you're fine
Hi!
Im gonna leave this out this man, Thundurus has butt beads on his back
I’d like a part two of this
Weegee from Fwob how I missed you
First time I see Void not win a competition lol
Cade should've won. He lost because he spoke for the people.
Mikkuuuu
Holy shit Weegee has a new icon
Mr Mime isn’t a Clown Weegie HES A MIME!!!
Holy crap these questions are amazing 😂
Id like to see one for sonic cus they have so many weirdos
Why did no one say Scraggy for the first question?
Why does lombre fit so many of these questions
Is this Pokemon cards against humanity game show edition? I'm all for this
wowzers
6100th sub babyyyy
26:28 LMAOOO
Hello! Just subbed from Alphas video, love you guys hope this channel is as successful as the rest!
AlphradbCaptainKiddcdefgun/giwihijaidenklmnopqrstuvoidweegeexyz Now you know your Mentally unstable abc's
Farfetch’d is the biggest miku fan of all time he literally has the leak
it's too bad that nobody said farfetch'd would love hatsune miku, since he is always holding a leek
the gay question got me
I'm calling it FWOB 2 and you can't stop me
Funny you say that about Espurr. According to it's Pokedex entry, it's ears are closed to hold back it's psychic powers. Because if it stops, it'll destroy everything in a 300ft radius. He's not a school attacker (don't want to get my comment deleted), he's s school nuke.
Awesome:D
This channel is already looking really promising, I haven’t even finished the video yet but I’m already hooked
This is a hit
A new channel with more Jaiden, Alpha and Bobby?  Sign me the fuck up.
i would say midnight lycanroc for the second question he’s a crazy guy also i think furret would love cinnamon toast crunch
I think Gumshoos would have stormed the capital
Hatsune Miku quiz show!!!!!
Grafield
Thank you for giving me another reason to procrastinate 😌
first 1k subs, first 150 views? happy to support this from the start <3
Wildcard like Persona 5!!! :0
so thats what jaidens been doing
very glad to have been sub number 375, very excited for things to come!!!
824th subscriber  🔥🔥🔥
I like this already! Can’t wait to see what this turns into!   Also, party crashers colab?
second cause brayden was here first
2nd vid and instantly clickbaiting jaiden, well done
Can’t believe we got Weegee in the flesh!
happy to say i’m the 195th sub of this channel. love u guys<3
first
