NEW - We discuss the details of Putin's speech & the international response in today's episode of The Daily Briefing... WATCH NOW: https://youtu.be/p8as1IrN7c4
Every losing side gives a “final push” before it gives up.
He is killing the Ukrainian people.
Putin is not only making war
I'm afraid that the Europeans, in their euphoria of unity and myths about their democracy, will never understand that in the eyes of Russians this crowd of bandits and looters united again, united in another predatory campaign to the East, Russia. And our desire for equal relations is not clear to them. They react only to the deterioration of their situation, but in no way to their atrocities and meannesses-conscience will not wake up a priori
It is not only war of Russia and Ukraine, actually it is a war of America and the west with Russia. West and the America use Ukraine as a war place to destroy Russia. Because There are 5 power in the world British, America, France ( These 3 are actually Zionist state and they are all the same), Russia, China. If Zionist state can destroy the Russia and China then all the power of the world will be their. Then eventually America wont hold the power because there will be massive civil war. As a result the power will transfer in the Jerusalem. Jerusalem will be the ruling place in the world. But It takes quite long time....
It's not that Russians are Stupid.  It's that the Smart ones flee Russia and become Citizens of another Country.   ANY OTHER Country!
Putin needs to be torn into parts for the sake of the world,
Best to leave Russia. If you want to be canon fodder in Ukraine, a slave to Putin, etc., then just stay there. Otherwise: leave Russia while you still can and keep your future in your own hands. 100% Respect for the people who are against this terrible, insane war!
Putin do it hard pls. Send the joker to circus...
russia is backed into a corner so putin definitely is gonna send nuclear threats and im not surprised i really expected that outcome
Russia is a dying country on many aspects. Many inside the nation refuses to accept such a fate. To them, if death is inevitable, then they would not die along. Russia will not sink alone silently, it will drag a lot of us down into the whirlpool together.
If Russia had been smart; they would have not mentioned mobilization until after offering unemployment benefits and then conscript the people who apply for unemployment and need jobs instead of taking skilled labor out of the economy. But it seems that Russia can't help itself from messing things up.
im curious as to why they didnt attempt to seperate the land bridge between russia and crimea and encircle the units in the middle
Operation assorabrab
Unbiased my azz, you didn't even mention the fact that Russia and Ukraine tried to get a cease fire, but the USA didn't let them cause war is more profitable since they are selling armament to Ukraine.
Never understimate Russians. Because on every stratagem they will answer unpredictable "stupidity".  Otto von Bismark.
This is western propaganda and no more.
Putin's health is rumored to be bad, he could step down and his malignant tumor could be president.
This guy is clearly pro west and he got most of his information from watching CNN and other western media
Tldr needs to talk about Ecosia they are a search engine that plants trees
WW3
Putin is so desparate he is just looking for excuse to simply nuke Ukraine, so it would surrender, truly pathetic
People from USA talking about "the invasion*... It's funny and sad at the same time, your criminal goverment is the guilty provocating russia, you are real enemy of this world.
I hope Putin wins the war, and no more American influence in Ukraine.
Nuking your literal neighbor is incredibly stupid.  On top of that if Russia actually does succeed in conquering Ukraine now you have irradiated areas you have to either avoid or spend millions of rubles/euros/dollars cleaning it up.
The numbers that they are gathering is enormous. Nobody can just convince an entire squad to drop their weapons and surrender to Ukraine, they will just get shot. The people have no control over the situation. People's surrender will only work, if a million people just randomly decide to drop guns and join the Ukrainian forces or go into willing capture.
Usa: we wont send advanced offensive weapons to ukraine to not provoke russia into escalating the war  Russia: escalates the war anyway   ....so usa...how about you start sending tanks and long rance roket artylery because russia doesent care they will fight to the last russian,better send the best the "grave" as mich russian soldiers maybe that gonna make them stop the war
Here are Americans, Europeans, the whole world.. He says: "Oh, you're Russian, so you're a Nazi and you need to be exterminated" Dear world, so if I live in Russia, then I have to be killed? How is your logic? Do you think we PEACEFUL CITIZENS want war? No, we are for peace. So, think before you write something in discord channels, in chats, in social networks about Russians. For you are covered in blood up to your neck.  p.s no war.
Thumbnail: "putin goes all in"  Video title: "Putin moves for partial mobilization."   One of these things is not like the other.
US, EU and NATO should respond to the Russian annexed regions with swift action to prevent Russian from actually taking and keeping these regions. The annexation and partial mobilization is now a threat to eastern Europe, Europe, US and NATO.  Swift and decisive response to this threat to the global stability and rule of law is at stake. If Putin wins there will be anarchy as others will follow this example. We must double down to make the stakes for Russia's intransigence have an extremely high cost to teach a lesson for the ages yo come.
It seems like a lifetime ago, but 2 days before the invasion - or at least this iteration - started, I'm sure Putin met with leaders of the two breakaway 'people's republics' and agreed to admit them to the Russian Federation. Now they are going to have referendums on joining Russia. As the results have already been decided perhaps this is more of a "do you want to stay in the RF?"
Rip Russia soon 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
When the news doesn’t know how to spell mobilization
Putin .. poor and lonely clown ...
Russia already lost in war. Not point to comment. Hope war end immediately
Big Fat Smelly British BS.
clown
Putin is stupid He has 2,5 million active troops and he not use it,instead mobilizing russian reserve
Maybe Putin heard that Ukrainians still have 300k extra washing machines 🤔
Clown channel
why or why distract us with your face taking so much  space in every video?Is it the dislikes you're after...?
As a Swede I've learned to dislike Russia and even be a little scared of them since I was young. But since the invasion started I've grown to outright hate them, and i know that its technically Putin to blame but unless the people of Russia do something about him i'm not sure i will change my mind
I dont know what you lot are thinking. I understand that Russia is agresor here, but this warmongering goes on in the west aswell. The most to loose here have Ukraine, Russia and EU. And if you dont let Russia atleast save face, you are forcing extreme solutions. FFS do you think USA or China really worry about escalation of this conflict into EU? Well they might due to loss of buissnes, but that is all. Not talking about ordinary people here, because ofcuorse they dont wish war on anyone, but those pulling the strings, the ones with real power. Politicians should be a lot more carefull with their statements. And its jusg hsrd to belive how easy people are taking this nuclear war threats...its not a fricking video game. Once nuckes are out, its game over for most of us.
Can’t wait for the first nuke to go off hopefully he sends some our way yahhhhhh no more pedicures for your poodles today’s society makes me sick we  need ww3 we’ve gotten to lazy and spoiled. Maybe everyone will put their phones down.
Russia has no right to mention territorial integrity because they are land grabbing, they are not defending. The last card of putin's mobilization will just prolong the war but the result is the same which are more death and economic collapse.
Maybe it's time for the west to threaten Putin the very same way: Do something stupid and the nukes are out.
The amount of illogical and retarded info in this video is insane
Love how dumb media keeps reporting how russians are losing for months now.
Rebellion is an obligation of the Russian folk right now. Otherwise the whole russian nation bears the responsibility.
Moscow IS ALWAYS LYING! Remember this fact. There are much more men mobilised in the first 2 days - nearly a million
Going all in with arrested and forced people as a human wall with rusty old AK47 and non working tanks
all in? if he was then it would be a full mobilisation.
Guys I know you refuse to take feedback into account but for the love of God fix your clipping issues. It's unbearable.
RIP
Russian here. Leaving right now for Georgia. God help me.
Now it’s time to kick Russia out of Kaliningrad!
You really used two random tweets from obviously biased sources to claim Russian troops are ineffective lol. All i see is propaganda from all sides.
All in, fold, ah whatever.
Great WorK For Russia❤️🤗👍in Putin,S
Putin thought it would be a picnic. -  Picnic time for the russian bear He thought he'd have an easy time today See them - watch them run away The russian bears are having a shitty time today  See them turn and run in rout They panic and they shout Their heads are full of cares At six o'clock Ukrainian heroes  Will send lots home all dead Because they're fucked little teddy bears  If you go down in Ukraine today, you'd better not go alone  It's lovely down in Ukraine today, but safer to stay at home For every bear that ever there was Is scared as shit for certain because Today's the day Ukraine has stuffed their picnic. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x  With apologies to Songwriters: Jimmy Kennedy / John W. Bratton
If Putin is bringing up nukes again, then that means the Ukrainians are about to win.  If Putin actually orders nukes to be used, he will suddenly be hospitalized with a "serious case of the flu".
If Russia has any success in their land grab the end of nuclear non-proliferation will follow soon after.
Blatant propaganda
Russia is all in and has no choice but win by all means necessary, including nukes
revolt sheep maybe we should all take a vacation in russia go wreck havoc there
Useless cow country not worth fighting for
Unbiased news lol
Seems putin is super cereal now
More propaganda.  Nothing more to be said.
wow, he's such a bad head of state. liz truss will have to up her game if she wants to remain as unpopular as putin
distortion on the vocal. drop the preamp down and boost it in post. also pop a low shelf on it from 400hz and a high shelf boost from 5k. will sound alot better
Lol
Putin will go down in infamy.
Seeing Russia collapse in real-time is nothing short of astounding.
Hilarious that both the announcements of starting the war and beginning mobilization were both pre recorded…Putin is a next level coward and probably sprinted back to his bunker to make sweet love to Lukashenko…
Putin is afraid of full mobilization, an army that size could turn on the state...
Ukraine can take Lyman and still cut off the main rail line. This is not an either / or  "choice", they appear to have chosen and are doing both.
Like everything the Rssn authorities say, 'Partial' mobilization is a lie. This will turn into a TOTAL Mobilization of all able bodied Rssn males and Putn will keep sending men into the meat grinder until he either liquidates all Ukrnians and erases the Ukrnian culture and language from the face of the earth or he himself is liquidated
What a mix of news propaganda and fake news
No mobilisation. Special recruitment operation.
Putin is very tired and wants to die, but is afraid to do it alone.  We need to help him calm down.
i think there getting themself into the politcal postion to use small yield nuclear artillery.
Man this Millennium Dawn server is odd as hell
Finland: I've seen this one. Poland: Me too.
Condensing veteran forces isn't gonna help. It's far too late for that and Putin is just throwing fits like a petulant child in front of the world. He wants an empire but there's no easy way to obtain one..
Oh HiMARS!
It's hard to root for either side, I don't like either country.
Apparently, there folks have no idea what 'partial' means
I think this will install more hate within the nation of Russia for future generations as there father & brothers die in a sick man's paranoid war
The Russian defense minister also added that the mobilization is partly do to overwhelming evidence that Ukraine is recapturing territory because Nato soldiers are on the ground not just mercenaries but active soldiers
Putin is not threatning anyone with nuclear weapons, he is just warning like he did years ago that if someone attacked a russian territory with any kind of weapon the response could include nuclear weapons.  NATO is escalating this war, forcing Russia to seek other measures. Why don't you talk about the truth, instead? Well your video could be demonitized or banned, I understand.
Putin must be spending a lot of political power to change those national laws
Now Putin spent all his Political Power to change the Conscription Law
If he's going to blow up the world over it. Give it to him now. When he calms down we can take it back during a nap or something. When we get the chance to not ruin the earth
The thing Ukraine truly needs now is to pimp up their soldiers discipline.  A Finnish volunteer who returned to Finland after being injured told how stupid the behavior on the frontile is. His platoon was attacked from the rear in a close up firefight because their night guard was watching tiktoks. By sheer miracle they managed to win the firefight. I would never question the bravery and skill of the Ukrainian fighters, but they will never win the war before they start acting like soldiers.
This is so funny. I remember, like their propaganda was screaming, that they will take Kiyv in 3 days, whole Ukraine in few weeks and then will take over Poland and Germany (Not a joke, the really were saying that). Still makes me laugh
🤔
The fate of the world is up to this one man. He's getting older and more angry and senile. Im scared that towards his eventual death, he will destroy the world.
Just like Darius vs Alexander ,Hitler vs Russia ,Saddam Hussein vs NATO etc Russia has overplayed a card to a point of no return. Their ethics do not conform to Western ethics or answerability. Commies don't believe in God and Righteousness. They will egotistically use every power they have to the full rather than accept defeat. We are witnessing the beginning of events spiraling out of control soon. Enjoy the ride .
I don't exactly how this will work out but all I know is it will go horribly wrong
so many sk....
When the West complains about how the Russians I'm Crimea/Donbass should move to Russia, yet support Kosovo breaking away from Serbia.
Anyone else not terribly concerned about Russian threats to deploy nuclear weapons?  If their nuclear forces are as well maintained as their regular forces, then 3/4 of the weapons won’t work at all and the rest are still a larger danger to the users than anyone else.
Everybody thought Ace Combat 7 was unrealistic by enlisting prisoners to be fighter pilots, but as we can see in this war, if you're country is desperate enough, they will try anything that works. And if one of those prisoners happens to be gifted at winning battles, why stop?
So to be clear Ukraine regained 2000 square kilometers at a cost of over 3000 men Russia has taken 100,000+ square kilometers of Ukraine so my question is how is it going bad for Russia?
Putin should have gone all im since the beginning
By using conscripts ie wagner group , Russian government does not have report the dead on the fatality reports.  If they conscription takes place on jails, there is less chance of angry family members and so on.
I think you could do a little more research on some 'facts'.
Which "international community" do you mean?  The Western 'international community' or the whole international community?
Zelensky was told numerous times i think around seven times that Ukraine Has no chances to survive, the PM of Ukraine and a General of the army had both claimed that they have been called numerous times about warnings and how they would negotiate, all of them were ignored and then out came zelensky saying that russia doesn't want to collaberate peacefully even though openly was told that Peace can be given in amounts of ways whether its by politcs, land, manpower, areas or local economy.   I'm not a russian supporter and i sure as hell don't want to be a Ukrainain Supporter anymore after the amount of Supporters i had to argue with and the amount of bullshit medias spews out. Zelensky if you can't make up your damn mind I might aswell not see my cousins and family in ukraine anymore because of your stupid ass Decisions.
No, he goes 15% in only, for now!😂😂 Love how nato rats are crying!!!
That’s how napoleon lost towards the end, before the end all his trained soldiers were dead or retired and he could only mobilize 16 year olds who didn’t know what to do so it was a disaster
Until Ukraine says that it will stay away from NATO, I ain't supporting them.
Cue in the sweating speedrunner meme.
Westeners, stop being afraid of russia so much please. It's 7th month of war already, open your eyes – russia is rather weak and naked than strong and scary.
Sorry, I don't agree... based on the picture you describe, the Ukraine will simply take over more of their country at the same rate they have solar before the new trained Russian troops arrive. New troops as you point out will lack equipment so their impact will be limited suggesting the Ukraine will be reasonably successful in retaking their lost territory. This would suggest a fairly quick end to the war compared to one with well equipped and trained new soldiers. Not to mention moral. Unless, nuclear arms come into play. This is a last desperate act by Putin that has come 4 months too late.
As much as I want the United States to kick Russia's ass I think we need to call for five party talks to in this war. Putin can keep Crimea but he has to give back to territories that he has gained since the invasion. If he does not accept these terms we will send in US troops and go to DEFCON 4 of the American nuclear response.
Putin is a smart man
eh... it would be more worrying if Putin doesn't threaten nuclear attacks.
putin puts himself in the frying pan or kazan!
2022, Russia is living in the fu**in past
But the alt right guy on facebook with the sunglasses profile picture says zelensky is a soyboy, how can he be beating putin??? Wtf
Putin is rock solid with a capacity of 1 million people in an automatic mobilization system that drafts people as soon as they join a demonstration.
The claim that a referendum will lead to nuclear war is a massive leap of logic, and a synthesis of unrelated points. Russia as an example did not even remotely considered using Nuclear weapons during the war in Chechnya a region which was considered to Russian territory, neither will it here, as it's claim has no basis in any policy or reality. This is some pretty shoddy journalism, and definitely breaks all forms of journalistic ethics, if this can even be called journalism.
Putin wanted Crimea that's why Ukraine stills existing
Ukraine has been an independent country since 1991 and Putin does not support the ideals of a democratic society (which the rest of the world runs on). He wants Russia to take back sections of Ukraine that his army invaded forcibly, call it Russian land by his own staged sham referendum voting. Then he'll defend it with threats and by forcing a drafted army in his country. I can see why large populations in Russia no longer support the war or have any confidence in Putin (or his lies about Nazism that is no where to be seen in Ukraine).
"Is not really mobilization... is more Special Military Operation 2.0"
Keep up the good 🥊🇺🇦 Ukraine!
Just a back up strategy. The pretense rout of irregulars and authentic abandonment of equipment upto a riverline could also be an old Sun Tzu tactic of drawing out and overextending/ exposing the adversary before using neutron munition ( tactical) selectively from rear operational areas inwards before attacking / mopping up the "head". The best time to do that is during  winter when lockjams of logistics could be effected. There is a need for less euphoria and sustained vigil/ overwatch duly consolidated. Hope better sense prevails.
threatening nuking at short range is hard to take seriously ngl. Hydrogen bombs (assuming they do not do radiations) would be scarier.
He was not all in already??? Dont make me laugh
fix your mic, your sound quality is terrible for a channel as huge as this
Such a terribly sad conflict. And unnecessary too given how much both sides have in common: hatred of black people, hatred of homosexuals, hatred of the disabled, and hatred of all foreigners. If only these two sides could get around their ultra-nationalism they could find so much to agree upon - I suggest both of them propose an. alliance with my country, Britain!
Where is your coverage of the Swedish elections?
Frank Herbert wasn't wrong when claiming in "God-Emperor of Dune" that an army constituted only of men will inevitably become destructive to itself and its own people. It is the instrument of disintegration. Hence Leto II's army of women.
When throwing millions of troops at your enemy doesn’t work (classic Russian war story)
It looks like they’re doing the first one, but remember that originally it looked that they were doing a huge offensive in the south and not the northeast. Could be another clever trick.
Now the media is so corrupt and videos manipulated that nobody knows the truth anymore
Well if they dont fight against Putin they deserve to die, more people for the Ukrainian meat grinder. Destroying Russia and its future completely.
Russia's weakness is it's poor logistical planning. Should definately hammer wher it hurts the most.   India stands with peace. ☮️
It was a special operation but it’s pretty obvious Russia is fighting nato thus the 3 hundred thousand extra soldiers
He has already murdered thousands and now he wants to murder thousands more of his own people as well as Ukrainians.
All fake shit you didnt hžget it by now its a media war
Wish Mr Putin good luck with finding me in our big big country. Let's play some hide and seek you sick old man...
UN, US, NATO Useless, they are afraid of treat and to putin...
clowns and geopolitics !
Bullshit Analysis .. Russia is winning through and through
And xi xi ping is watching and waiting I can see it already Comrade putin,you are looking wery weak,i will take your eastern coast etc
"But where are their guns?"
Russian Volkssturm. I *totally* see this working /s
The Point of this war is still being left aside...for the Numnuts... The rest is for the Playstation flakes...
Can't believe they're actually buying North Korean weapons..
Putin is doing a Hitler
Hell is about to happen and it's the fault of the United States government and it's neo con members.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.       ..
The new communists!????
Reserves are activated in desperate effort to defend a nation. Here, they're used in an invasion. That stinks of desperation. If regulars couldn't hold out, then reserves will be cannon fodder.
So far it's been a Putins war. Now this crazy little man wants to get involved in this shit people who didnt much care and wanted to end this madness. Common folks will start to die and the revenge is only a matter of time. Good method of manipulating masses
Bullshit
Remember that this is only partial mobilization, imagine Putin go all out and declare total mobilization
If after the weekend LPR DPR and Kerson region vote "Yes" then they will immediately become a part of Greater Russia, the resent Ukrainian offensives are a  cleverly devised  plan in strategic areas to scare the people into a "No" vote, but if it is in fact a "Yes" vote Russia will be at war with Ukraine if it continues shelling Donbas or this recent offensive and it will no longer be a SMO! If NATO wants to back Ukraine in a war with Russia it will become  WW3, Russia will under their law be allowed to use "tactical nukes" if  deemed necessary to protect their new citizens and this will not break the Nuclear weapons treaty with the West. Remember USA used spent uranium weapons on Iraqis in Kuwait decades ago and it did not break the treaty! We should all be very scared.
Russia is about to declare Zaporizhzhia oblast as part of Russia....Without controlling the city of Zaporizhzhia.
Get a mic that does NOT visually obfuscate the mouth of the speaker or place the one  you use properly.
Please calm your speaking down, no need to shout into my ears...
I wonder if this is the first time in history when a mobilization is going on in a country which is not officially at war with anyone
TLDR is a propaganda organ of the imperialists. Russia must also liberate Odessa and include it as part of NovoRussia.
Why did Ukraine join NATO?
PUTIN      IS        DYING        !           HE       TAKE       RUSSIA        WITH      HIM     !!!
НАТО сдавайтесь, Вы проиграли.
Did we forget when the US invaded Vietnam, the draft in Australia and the US was mandated and in the US many fled to Canada and Mexico while many Australians refused to be conscripted, protested, tore up their draft cards and also left for abroad. Lets not forget the clashes with police and in the US, Homeguard soldiers killed University students during those protests ? Also what about how when Cuba want to have missiles as part of their defence, it nearly started WW3 with the Cuban missiles crisis ... It would appear Russia is following the justified protocol / logic that the US and Commonwealth countries have regarding ''forward defence'' and the ''elephant in the room'' is the fact the Ukraine breached the Minsk Accord 1 and 2 and attacked, marginalised and persecuted the 2 provinces that sort secession in 2014 ... Ukraine should have learnt that from the Yugoslavian break up, that it's not a bad thing and now in the former Yugoslavia they are neighbourly ! I have now doubt that the Ukraine military will continue to target civilians in the Donbas regions where secession was sort back in 2014 as part of ethnic cleansing process in the area of secessionists which is made up of a Russian speaking majority .... Did Trump threaten nuclear weapons too, but the world was silent and even the new UK Prime Minister said she has no drama with nuclear weapons and would press the button ! I'm still of the belief, until proven otherwise, that Russia sole focus is to the two provinces that sort their support when they sort secession democratically back in 2014 and other conflicts are mrely a military strategy, to spread the conflict over a great area to thin out troops
😂😂😂😂😂😂    🇺🇦💪💪
As a Russian nobidy wants that stupid war , other than Putin, People here are forced to go to the war or they get to prison. And now even woman and doctors are forced to do that
hey, will Canada accept Russian draft dodgers?  now we see that draft dodging is really a vehicle for peace.  whichever nation finds a way to remove Putin as quickly as possible will win the Peace Prize.  kudos to China for finally making a clear non-neutral stance.  now if it will stop abstaining from UN resolutions against Russia, that will be the most important step.  and India has to take a non-neutral stand too.
EU and NATO clearly need to fully mobilize all reservists step up military training and manufacturing of weapons including delivery to Ukraine, there is also nothing wrong with EU training Ukraine troops to use EU weapons, Tanks and aircraft
American media made Russian war of he WORLD MOST DISGUASTING MANNER is EXPLAINE BY A FANATIC IDIOT AMERICAN CIIZENS HERE
also by sending one milion men to war will simply cripple what's left of russian economy after western sanctions. he's pratically killing industry and commerce, cause the people that should be at work will be busy dying in ukraine
when i watch this monster in the eyes i finally know how the free world people in 1939 felt while they listened to hitler speechs
I think a second conventional attack by Russia will be a fail as well, even more so. Ukraine is ready now. They were not as ready before , and they still succeeded.  The only way it'll work for Russia, is if they take six months to a year,  to mobilize a million troops, and 10,000 tanks or so,  then it would overwhelm Ukrainian forces.
US democrats will provoke putin to remain in power
Ukraine should still use deception and disguise their real intentions.  I think right now they’re refitting all that captured equipment like tanks, APCs, ammo, etc.  it’s likely Ukrainian metal shops and refurnishing facilities are busy doing this right now.
It would be a shame  for Russia as great power
This is not a partial mobilisation if they are pulling ppl out of villages, universities, buses. Some reports say the real intention is to mobilize about a million soldiers.
Typical white boy bullshit.  Oh, and very biased
The war the Russians started in 1979 didn't end well either.
Putin is afraid!
These guys talk absolute biased waffle.
I really hope I will see the day that this mass murderer is hold accountable
New World Order
Bolseviks criminals
This winter will be very hot in Ukraine and very cold in Europe...
Vladimir Putin : '' I never asked for anything that isn't mine. When I watched Russia collapse, I promised myself in front of God that I would save it. It turns out I have to save the whole world, because the demons that ruled the west have rotten everything spiritually on this planet. " 🙏 🙏🇷🇺
God, you are so naive.
don't know whom to believe and wtf is the actual TRUTH.. everyone is manipulating the reality by their so called NEWS.. FUCK all the biased shite mainstream and fake stream outlets.. fuckuall
well it's either TLDR don't know how to read/analyse a Speech out of idiocy or twisting what's been said: The Nuclear weapon mentioning was a response to western threats and especially NATO/US , if they want to dig deeper into this fight well what one would expect ? there will be no submission anymore  to western rule that's for sure , and that's the message, you guys are welcome for a better analysis, cheers and enjoy your cold winter, it will be warmer this time on the Eastern block , welcome to a New Bipolar World.
If Putin was to fire nukes is there any idea of where he would aim them? If he bombed the contested areas it would be too close to Russia and would hurt Russian civilians, if he bombed Kiev he’d turn all of his allies, especially China against him and obviously if he aimed it at a NATO country we’d all be dead in a few days
Lies upon lies. Bias
Won't help. Sending a bunch of poorly trained sods is only going to make Russia's population, which has been in decline for ca over two decades, deminish even faster with all these men dying and the further ramifications of this war.
putin and his putineers are just embarrassing the motherland
Umbiast news do's not exist, I realy like the channel but don't say stuff that can't possibly be true.
This is merely a special military mobilization.
lets invade russia after the war... they r weak but they have alot of gass...
The world has rallied around Putin, Russia, and The separatists. This is the end for Puppetlensky and obiden-soros kiev coup. 🇷🇺🇺🇦🇧🇾👍..n
By recruiting prisoners, Putin aims to accelerate his Special Rape and Pillage Operation.
Russians claims that they lose just 5k of soldiers, and then they need call up additional 300k. Russian logic. They also claims that Ukraine lose 60k+150k in hospital, by the way looks like they just take their lose statistics and say it’s a Ukraine looses
sehr geehrter Putin bitte bitte die Atombombe schmeißen auf Deutschland
The special operation requires more volunteers 😆
War time. Don’t you mean special military operation time?😂
Winter is coming.
west using Ukraine as its proxy to fight Russia so as to project innocence and freedom for the people ..remember when the west used isis forces against assade in syria ..the west called them moderates but they were isis ...this is what goes on you clueless western media programmed mutts
they never tell you that ukraine for the past 8 years has been bombing these disputed areas to which the majority are russian speaking and want to remain as russian ... no they tell you it was an unprovoked invasion ...no it wasnt its been disputed for 8 years western media always leave out the nuggets ..watch for us nato stir shit over Taiwan next as part of the russian china suppression agenda of the west ... the power has shifted eastward the ole colonial mindset west is falling in real time but dont worry their compliant media will come and paint you perceptions they want you to believe and sadly ...you do
As a Russian I can say, that we're feeling the same as you. What the hell is happening?!  Really. Most of people don't understand why we have to go to war. No one tells us nothing. And historically, when Russia starts an unjust war, it always ends bad. God never forgives us these things
This Channel is full of S**T or what is the same, LIES.  It is not neutral.  All arguments are a Copy and Paste from Western Propaganda.  It's not serious.  Good Bye trolls.
Why do despots always double down on their bull****
While Putin's move is going to obviously have an adverse effect on his domestic popularity, I suspect he's getting pretty realistic projections from his generals at this point and has changed his goals. The more territory Ukraine regains, the smaller an area the Russians have to defend. I fear that once these 300,000 troops are trained and equipped they will be poor quality but numerous enough to stop the Ukrainian advance and create a stalemate. I think he'd rather the Russian people hate him than view him as weak, which is what a continual retreat would create.
Putin:  "Send more bodies.   And if that doesn't work.... we have nukes."
Referendums in Luhans and Donetsk and other places are not okay but nato backed referendum in Kosovo and Metohija is okay?  Damn that's first class hypocrisy right there
Put some effort and stop butching place names, it takes 20 seconds to check how it is pronounced, my ears bleed from Layman, Bilhoreeka and Karkeev
Typical Western propaganda...Putin is doing great, captured 10% of the country within weeks.....just because Ukraine took back 5% of that with all the might of NATO behind them, overall the land is shrinking
This will be Russia’s Vietnam…meanwhile they will round up countless anti war demonstrators, beat them and send them to the gulags. Russians will realize that Putin is a liar and a criminal, and he has to go.
This could all have been avoided had Ukraine and NATO countries supported the Minsk Accords way back in 2014...sigh Canada allows its province of Quebec to speak French and maintain their french heritage, why could Zelensky's government not do the same for the ethnic  Russians in Donbas and Luhansk...sigh
When watching TLDR videos, I get distracted by what I think, are botched pronounciations of Ukrainian toponyms. I don't think it's too hard to get it right: Just watch some videos from native speakers
West should make the rest of Ukraine into a NATO member if this referendum push through.
Now that Russia continues to bombard innocent cities and people now is the time to send Putin a messages taking out a ship in the Black Sea every day til he stops this cowardly stuff or there are no more ships or subs.
Cut and Paste - assassin drone
Too bad all those Russian soldiers will come back in a bodybag while their wives and girlfriends are in the meantime going out with other Russian men that will give them secretly more than enough love.
The west needs to exclude Russia from the international system permanently. No trade, no immigration, no contact.
The only way to stop Putin from launching a nuclear attack is to give Ukraine nuclear weapons.
Going to Partial Mob half a year into war? Putin worst HOI4 player ever!
Really feels like putin wants to toss nuke(s). Filling up those areas with prisoners that were canon fodder anyways just to make it look like they were attacked on “referendum voted” territory
That’s not going all in, full mobilization would be all in, but he just went with the stupid gamble he’s gunna win cause the UN won’t do shit
I Hope putin destroy communist european Union
True Freedom and democracy for all the Nuremberg Treaty for all human rights for all.. Freedom for all oppressed in the WORLD..✌🏻✌🏻❤️❤️🌍🌎🌏   Free Palestine And Yemen From Terror And Appartheid…🇵🇸🇵🇸🇾🇪🇾🇪🇵🇸🇵🇸🇾🇪🇾🇪🔥❤️✌🏻✌🏻… Some hypocrites your democracy and freedom and your lies are obviously not for everyone ... ?? This is Iraq again! .. We must never forget the Iraq Iraq scam🇮🇶🇮🇶❤️❤️✌🏻✌🏻🇮🇷🇮🇷🇮🇷🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇱🇧🇱🇧🇱🇧God Blees Iran And Russia And PALESTINE..🇵🇸     USA and NATO And Your Zionist Puppies Are EVIL.. Iraq was War crime AND PALESTINE ALSO..🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
What's the odd Europe gonna start a world war AGAIN?
Why would it be a "so-called address?" It was an address lmao
empty threats......   Ukraine doesn't want to invade Russia, they just want russia outta Ukraine
The fact you have to call yourself unbiased is ironic.
Putin be like: Chill bro, it’s just a social experiment
He has been using prisoners, and a lot. Old equipment, expired equipment. Now he is going to start sending Real troops, updated weapons like the rare now common Ak12-C, new tanks, More air support
Good idea sending some peasants with north corean pitchforks against a battle hardened uktainian army with state of the art western weaponry, if this continues russia will run out of men to sacrifice by the end of next year wtf.... Time to riot russian peeps or u ded lol
He does not look very convincing with so much 1990s technology on his desk.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Гнилой Путин арестовывает всех, кто думает иначе, чем он сам! Любой, кто выступает против несправедливой войны, — великий герой. Все россияне, которые молчат об этой жестокой агрессивной войне, должны еще раз подумать. Путин обвиняет всех и постоянно изобретает новую ложь. НАТО не угрожает России, Запад не угрожает! Только Путин и Кремль угрожают и ведут агрессивную войну. Прекрати врать, Путин! Скоро русский народ проснется и тогда вам конец, иначе вы уничтожите свою страну и народ. В чертовщине виноват только ты, Путин.
Bro am sorry the old iranian drones are enter the service on 2018 mach newer than most US UAV And these drones even the most powerful US SAM sistem (PATRIOT PAC 3 , THAAD)  in KSA and UAE can't stop them and even C RAM in Iraq can't stop them so they are not expensive and much effective
I think they Will be making Rambo type movie's about the Ukraine President in the future! He is bad ass!😎
Very biased video
Why you alternate shouting to whispering? How am I supposed to set the volume?
Bro is getting desperate 💀
bro why did i think we were gonna get nuked after the speech me and like 3 of my friends did
As i see was fun for those russians support war from sofa watching tv earlier huh? Because support of war in russia was very high before.  Would not come to that is Putin knows ppl dont support war, but as bigger part did support before now they got what they deserved - now they need move asses from sofa and die as propper putins supporter
Russia will win this, cry harder Europeans.. I mean US slaves.
Can't stand the way you talk.  Loud...then soft... loud.. then soft.  Take a class in public speaking.
hey really nice informative video but can you please refer to the military as putin or russian government russia is a beautiful multi-national country that i call home i know it is a small detail but please peae for Ukraine
Those poor Russian people..Demos all around Russia..
But what if Russia's nuclear weapon might happen to malfunction and end up blowing up Russians. Malfunctioning even seems like it could be somewhat common with Russian weapon. Bad enough when its malfunctioning conventional missile what boomerang back on the people intending to send it out upon others. But then what if the same malfunction were to occur with nuclear weapon.  Putin is basically turned into another Hitler. Hitler had also attempted to use fear as a way to prevent people from daring to stand up to him too. Anyway it about time that all us citizen from across the globe would begin to pay more attention to matters on a global scale. Long gone are the days when human could afford to choose to simply not bother to care to pay close attention to world affairs. Back in the day when the ocean might offer the human some natural form of protection due to size of distances between  country. Today those natural forms of protection are now long gone. Today, any long term hope for protection, requires the human to rely on reason. The traditional bumbling  haphazard way of the human way of being, really needs to cease now
Only way to stop the war !!!  is to lift all economic sanction on russia and  and to recognise don-bass and Cremia as Russian territory in return Russia should lift its energy sanction on Europe and both   nato eu and russia will respect each conscientiously with no anti sentiments of any kind and not threaten each other via economic or military provocation ,  fact why did the US interfere in proposing an unprovoked sanction on nordstream 2 Pipe line in may 2021 further halting the final co joining connection pipe line further pressuring angela merkel to resign and servereing German Russian friendly diplomatic and business relationship  did Poland and Ukraine Instigate, influence the US congress and administration of a fake threat that the US swallowed hook line and sinker which root cause triggered the build up to this nato eu ukraine war vs russia
Im pretty sure he will use nuclear weapons. It is the only way he can win. Now he will have an excuse to use them.
It’s really pity, that none english speaker gives a damn to read ukraine places names correctly
Putin has a serious ego problem, and it doesn't matter how many young men die in the process they are just cannon fodder.
It was a mistake to help the Soviet Union in WW2. We’ve been dealing with the results of Roosevelt’s idiocy for the past 80+ years. Roosevelt’s dumb ass strategic decisions have given the world communist China and the Soviet Union/Russia.
Russia is looking to peace out, but I fancy their warscore ain't quite there yet...
Funny is how they want a referendum. After your Village is shelled to pieces, they expect citizens to chose russia? Lmao
Your facts are fake in favour of the  great reset terrorist!
i would love to ask Putin this question : what if turkey declare its own ''Special military operation'' against Syria and claim since its not a war Russia wont be call in to defend Syria.  If he then answer that its not the same since Ukraine isn't officially allied to NATO  Then since Ukraine isn't in a war, then lets start the progress to join NATO and see how quickly Russia then declares a war on Ukraine.   Witch then again would justify not calling a ''Special military operation'' in Syria by turkey a war right?   To be clear this isn't a good outcome any way since it could destabilize the middle east all over again.   Also Putin claims that Ukraine is Historically Russian and always have been. But then turkey could use same logic Russia is using. to then annex : Georgia, Armenia, Syria, ISREAL, IRAQ, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Libya, Tunisia, Algeria. And this is only about half of it....
It's always fun to hear all about russian military tactics from civilians
Its simple on what is happening  Putin's finally realising that he's losing this war, so instead of admitting defeat, he's getting very desperate to find some manner of an advantage that he just lost all touch with reality. Even if his own country would be taking a toll
"O
My God - what a biased pig-ignorant Pommie propaganda prick propping up the sycophantic Truss & BoJo pushing the USAs conspiracy to cripple EU - Germany with a colossal sanctions Folly... LoL
Your mic keeps clipping...
Meanwhile Ukraine is calling all women of age without babies to join the army next month... Maybe nato should just take out Moscow and be done with this already
Putin is a proper leader. He's smart and knows the diabolical plans of the collective West and has resolved to defeat them. These shameless, racists, colonialists West who have destroyed so many countries, killed and maimed millions and plundered the wealth of so many innocent hard working people are now crying foul. That's why the world is not with the West. It's with Russia.
Why is the referendum wrong? Albanians did the same move on Kosovo in '08 and the eu accepted it. They could approve the referendum then but they won't accept the Russian referendum in southern Ukraine... double standards
Putin Spells retard
🇷🇺 is planning to use for first time nuclear ☢️ The plan is ready and need to find excuses to use them. Now is the excuse time and then the bomb 💣
Any sources for the quantity of people that will be mobilized (as mentioned in the video) as a result of the partial mobilization? The 2,5 million people is conflicting with other news outlet that claim that Russian Defense Minister Shoigu claimed only 300 000 will be mobilized.
"Keep it up boys, you're doing great!" Say's a 'near arctic' China as it fairly salivates over the sight of so many 'RusPutins' bending over to pick up the soap they keep dropping - - -
Asking referendum while guarding the place, where is the freedom of choosing your side if you are guarded
"300,000 - - - when I wanted 1,000,000!" - - - "Hey who dropped the soap: where's the soap - - - Lavrov: where's Lavrov - - - Lavrov!"
I can't stomach this bias bullshit. Time will tell what is out come not this speculative selfserving journalism.
Putin's Rus-Putins - - - Yeah, Yeah, Yeah: yeah, yeah, yeah! Ra, Ra, Ra, ra-ra, ra: one banana, two banana, three banana, four; La, La, La, la, la, la: flipping like pancakes, and popping like corks, tra la la, La-la La, tra-la, la; playing in the nuclear-bright-warm sun, la, la, la: La, La, La, tra-la la - - - la-la, la:
#1 trending
I feel like the only wars that Russia has ever won is the once where they use there own soldiers as meat shields and the officers in the back of the line shoot the soldiers who try to flee. That might be what we are going to see again. If I had anything to say about this I would let Ukraine into the EU fast so that we can see Russias attack as an attack on EU and then get our own nukes ready. Lets see what Putin has to say then.
cant they just bomb the railway,,,
So what you really expect Russia to do if over 30 Countries are helping Ukraine against one Country,,,,,Plus y can't you guys tell the truth He never threaten to use any Nuclear  weapons that's y I side with Russia you guys lie too much if y'all tell the truth then I will believe your side....🥴🥴💣
F Ukraine and F russia
Obviously the failed Russian invasion of a peaceful Ukraine continues with Puking Putin and the stupid Kremlin morons. Isaiah 33:1. Zechariah. Scriptures are self evident. Thanks Jesus. Only Jesus saves.
Dreams, Dreams!
"THE MANKIND IS A FAMILY" ALL HEART'S PRAYER & EFFORT ARE "TRUTH, BEAUTY, JUSTICE & PEACE " FOR ALL
This is funny
Nothing to know really about both countries. Both want to fight. You get it. Since both leaders and citezens accept the price so it's no longer outsider business even if both countries use plenty of nuclear wars
Mmm I don’t like how you talk/narrate this. These are mostly opinions but sounds like complete facts
Mobilization of men who haven't served in years, not fit for combat. Armed them with older tanks, to replace all the most modern tanks Russia has lost so far.  Weapons from N. Korea and Iran won't be enough.
This is no different when the US mobilizes the National Guard and Reservists. I know you are European so you don't know anything about the military, but its not uncommon.
To me this won't help the Russian army it just prolonged in the inevitable
Could world leaders kindly but firmly spell out what a nuclear strike means to Russia in general. Leaders of nuclear welding countries and their people must understand that if they resort to use nuclear strike on any country preemptively, all their nuclear lunch sites must be severely destroyed and their leader targeted and killed. More importantly their own country will be wiped of before they have another chance to lunch.
It looks like somebody rubbed honey on your neck then threw a handful of pubes at you. There are female to male transitions that have a stronger facial hair game. Its like the guy with 4 hairs still doing the comb over. You go girl.
Fix your audio, it's distorted. Maybe it's the mic.
Can’t wait for this to backfire on Putin, when 300k starving and angry troops will march on Moskow. Fun times for the clown
Putin is putin' all in.
Putins statements that he wants those captured parts of ukraine to succeed to Russia, so russia can basically nuke ukraine for invading them is beyond me. I know this might sound hawkish, but if putin uses nukes in ukraine I think the world needs to go to war with russia.
I wonder how long the kremlin have had the results of the sham referendas, it must be at least a week since they found them gathering dust in a drawer.
You and your ff.k country, Nato and EU are dooomed...now all this regions are Rusia territory .....youq deserve ...a some nukes....jajajajajajaj....I want to see how you fries....😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
putin is a cornered rat now hes forced to bite
Too late Putin You have lost everything
Russian as per my understanding, will try to save the area under it's occupation until referendum is done. Once referendum is complete and occupied areas are declared part of Russia then any offensive on currently occupied areas will be perceived as attack on Russia and Russia will go completely rogue against anyone dares to do so including Ukraine. By rogue means anything that Russia can do, will do including use of nuke or other advance weapons. So in my opinion Ukraine need to act fast. They must challenge the safety of referendum process at minimum, if Ukraine can't win back. This is turning worse for Ukraine and all supporter of Ukraine.  Edit: at large this war can easily turn into world war after referendum.
Another point... By taking this to a full on declared war, Putin can then direct the entirety of the Russian military against the Ukrainian army where as now there are legal obstacles for him doing this or, at the very least, political obstacles and problems of public perception and acceptance of such a move. Really, I think Putin is hanging on by a thread and has to turn this into a victory or otherwise humiliate himself, his government, and severely damage his standing on the international stage if not simply remove Russia as a major player. Now is the time to watch very carefully because if he's backed into a corner, I have no doubt that Putin will lash out in a last, desperate effort to retain power because I think he is well aware that if he leads Russia to ruin, head head will end up on a pike outside the Kremlin along with many members of his government. Recall that the last time Russia lost a major war, it resulted in the Russian revolution which led to the Czar's family being killed and their bodies dissolved in vats of acid.
well maybe the soldiers that Russia sent to ukraine will join ukraine instead 😂
I read a thread from the retired General in command of at one point all Army training and then all American Europe forces. The "rot" and errors within the Russian industrial complex are the system itself. There is no way the "Russian military industrial complex" can compete with the "Western military industrial complex". As an entrepreneur in the US, I've learned how ungodly competent, competitive and skilled our private sector is. I believe this same "culture" permeates through our entire military industrial complex. Putin clearly has no chance to compete with this - to begin with, it won't be an additional 300k troops in Ukraine for Russia - they will likely just be replacing the current injured/KIA troops. I mean, Russia is attempting to go against an extremely populous, motivated and driven by necessity force, in an enormous country, backed in full by the freakin US, Germany, France, UK and the rest of Europe. That's an insane fight. There is no country in the world that could compete with that alliance - not even close.   Thank God for the American/Western industrial complex. Imagine how much worse this could be. Ukraine could be fully subjugated, CCP launching invasion on Taiwan off the Ukraine news and Russia could be invading/destroying the Baltics, Poland, Romania, etc. Meanwhile, the world economy would have completely collapsed and the world would be shifting to one not run by democracy and code of law but of dictators.   There's a saying inscribed in the Venetian Arsenal which states "Happy is the city (country) that thinks of war in times of peace". How unbelievably true that is. Or another saying goes "it's better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war".   While Russia is using convicts to fight on the Frontline, the US also just announced the B21 Raider will be going public in December. We are ready. Thank God for that preparation. Imagine the horrors that would be occurring in Ukraine and all of eastern Europe if not for the Western support. There are things far worse than death. We must continue to ensure pure, unadulterated killing capacity of our military industrial complex. Hopefully, and I genuinely hope this, that it never sees a day of service
Ya 2.5 million more soldiers will not work in ukraine according to you.  But look at what did a 200 thousand russian army had accomplished in ukraine that conducted special military operation.  Remember ukraine is in its 4th wave of general mobilization. The 700 thousand men they have conscripted from the mobilization of mostly civilians is still inferior to a 2 million reservist and 500 thousand viterance.
“I had no clue on what I wanted to do when I was younger, so I was pretty lucky with this YouTube thing.”
Putin becoming more desperate every minute..
Shit's getting worse and worse, I came to Russia for work, not war!!
Ww3 is coming
L DIE! From the USA   🇺🇸 🇺🇸🇺🇸
You know things are bad when you have to buy North Korean equipment.
Only indians support this war
Please don’t say Russians when you mean Russia.
Why dose a Special military operation need mobilisation when he clearly stated stated that Russia hasn't lost anything since the beginning of the invasion?
The UN Could run the  referendum so it would  be a bit more accurate perhaps ?
"Hooks in the jaws..."
Well, if he takes over parts of Ukraine, our side should make it clear that Ukraine, part that's free, will immediately be considered part of NATO and EU... and it will get armed to teeth from our... with ANY TYPE OF WEAPON Prezi of Ukraine calls for...
Bogus post
More troops doesn't matter when you can't feed or equip them in the first place, this isn't 1945, Russia has neither the industry or the capabilities to wage a full scale war without getting trounced by literally everyone It can only threaten and bluster, Ukraine isn't fighting three world powers at the same time, it isn't Germany it is a nation that is focused in one direction and defending it's homeland from an attacker and is getting loads of support from the West while i Wish it was more, in my opinion if North Korea or China offer troops oh I'm sorry "Volunteers" (aka fight for Russia or we will execute your families.) then I suppose the US can offer it's own "Volunteers" I'm sure the USMC would be happy to give Putin a wake up call to reality that he is NOT top dog.
hahah Russian anounced mobilization of 1% of it's Reserv force and you think they are All in.
Putin : Let's finish this off guys and party 💃💃
Can't stop seeing the face in the Russian territory outline at 2:03, beard, chin, mouth, nose, eyes then either a massive forehead or an Afro.
Please help me😔
protest  against putin is actually forced recruitment for conscripts
This situation feels like a repeat of russias disastrous war in Afghanistan.
lack of understanding 1: Russia is mobilizing only 300.000 not the whole 2.5 millions because it doesn't want to instore an economy of war yet  .  2 : Russia in a more primitive state managed to quickly manage 9 millions in ww1 and 37 millions soldiers in ww2 in a matter of months to a year only , and that was with papers only . now with all the technology you think they will struggle doing that ?  3 : Russia wasn't defeated in any battle past week in Kharkov because russians fought only with the rear guard temporarily  . from own ukranian words " we came to the region and fortified our positions in case the Russians attack us but we were surprised they already left the whole area" .  4 : if anything the ukranian counter offensive made them lose strategically because it gave Russia an excuse to put on this move on them .  5 : the ukranian counter offensive on Kharkov made them try a naïve landing and other stupid offensives in the south . result was a whole army cut off north of Kherson , and a failed landing on a peninsula south west of it , aswell as failed attacks that led to a Russian breakthrough in the trench line of Donetsk resulting in massive ukranian losses all because they tought they have a momentum but they clearly were wrong and so you are . 6 : Russia now is using kamikaze drones and heavy artillery on the troops on Kharkov who is a flat land and after one officer said " we have lost 4 self propelled american mobile howtzers 2 bmps and btrs in my area of operation alone" in reference to the precise russian strikes on ukranian positions . 7 : ukraine itself and uk and usa stated that ukraine depleted its offesive capability it was preparing for months while russia is just starting for real finally treating this matter as a real war and not a desert fox style of operations with a limited army in size .   conclusion, ukraine took a territory with almost minimal fight and that made its whole armies try stupid attacks elsewhere who ended in disaster , geopolitically that gave Russia the perfect chance to finally stop treating this as a military operation with a limited number of brigades and turn it to a full war in case ukraine dare to attack . real conclusion its almost a political chess mate . russia since day one stated it will never lose crimea or the 2 republics so your best hope is status quo with actual borders . every expert know that Russia can nuke itself in a defensive way in order to prevent any assault on its land .
If Mr. Putin is thinking to use nuclear weapon why then mobilize 300,000 new soldiers to be ground beef in Ukraine.
I wonder if Putin understands that he's going to keep losing this war until he actually declares war and fully mobilizes his country.
"Ukraine shouldn't escalate the war!!!" krakkas when Russia escalates the war (again):
Please understand that if Russia will not protect people of Donezk and Luhansk Republics they ALL WILL BE either KILLED or IMPRISONED BY UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT. Just because they was brave enough to request independency 8 years ago and still fighting for it. Russia has to protect those children and women who living at the war site for a last 8 years. GO RUSSIA WITH GOD HELP 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Please understand that if Russia will not protect people of Donezk and Luhansk Republics they ALL WILL BE either KILLED or IMPRISONED BY UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT. Just because they was brave enough to request independency 8 years ago and still fighting for it. Russia has to protect those children and women who living at the war site for a last 8 years. GO RUSSIA WITH GOD HELP 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
We should let the people on that region decide their fate.
Putin has been threatening the use of nuclear weapons pretty much since the beginning of the conflict. The West has been calling his bluff for about six months. There's nothing particularly new or worrying about this latest threat.
Do both. A dual pronged attack worked before. It may work again
Whatever Putin says, you can only take it with a grain of salt.  Most likely, he's blowing smoke into his own where the sun don't shine:(
With good diplomacy, this conflict could have been avoided. The Ukrainian leadership should have honored the Minsk agreement and pledged neutrality. Praying for the innocent people. 🙏
Excellent,  ring them on Putin….
Putin has kept looking to the Russian Empire's past to associate himself with greatness, 1720s, 1780s, 1810s, and 1900s when historically Russia was at its peak.  And now, congrats, he's finally reached back to 1914 - 1917, when the Russian Empire violently ended itself the same way.
he doesn't need men. He needs hypersonic missiles at wholesale
More sunflower fertilizer coming to Ukraine.
it would be much better if you don't chew your words when talking so that it would be much discernable and clearly audible...
So, do you think they'll oust Putin or will he just fall out of a window?
Imagine being 1 of these 300,000 being chucked in to a hugely demoralised army. You'd be absolutely terrified.  Going up against an extremely motivated army.  Who have you on the back foot. You speak to the soldiers already there and they tell you it's a complete cluster fuck. 😐
If Russia is running low on supplies with the troops they have now, how will they supply a major increase in fighters? Or, maybe Putin hasn’t thought about that. 😂
This is pure and utter propaganda.
What a bunch of crap
Some objective analysis would not be amiss
putin is a loser. that we can all agree on.
Getting those recruits mobilized will be a problem as Russian supply lines have been shaken. Not to mention equipment shortages and the the huge problem of training that many recruits in a months time, and who knows if he can round up that number that quickly. Support for the war has mostly been because it was a limited action that hasn't effected that many people so they could be apathetic about it, now it has a escalation that effects many more Russian people won't be as enthusiastic to be forced in to combat.
Putin is sending his men at a grinding machine why not him join the frontline instead of hiding in Kremlin
Putin: we’re not at war Also Putin: help we must mobilize to protect Russia from the west..
Can’t wait for the desperate nukes
Putins a fool and will just get more Russian soldiers killed, Russia will never win a war in Ukraine, remember Afghanistan Mr. Pute? took The Soviets 10 years of death to figure it out, now your fighting well armed, well trained Soldiers that will NEVER give up or give you 1 inch of their country, and also the entire world is behind them! SLAVA UKRAINE
Putin should mobilize himself to the front line to see how he lose so badly
Is there any way to interrupt these referendums so soon
Putin will come to save you oooooooooooo sorry cant afraid  Ill send YOU !
Buy buy Putin no more Rusia it will be istory😂😮 😂
Help Help !
You know things are going well when you have to buy weapons from North Korea
Recently, India and China declined to backup Putin; to help Russia attack Ukraine. Now, the 'Partial Mobilization' strategy by Putin will backfire. The reason #1 is that it gives the West time to prepare themselves even further; to maintain the counter offensive. Russia might no longer exist after the next 10 years.
Can you speak normally?
I was born in Boston Massachusetts..they should try a tea party things might getting bettah
Warmongering propaganda.
I guessed they wanted that 20% consumer good factory huh
The Russians will force their own civilians to fight in a war they want nothing to do with. No training, no supplies, and no leadership. All this is, is cannon fodder. The Russians are down to using old Soviet era weapons, junk from N Korea and Iran, and still using post WWII tactics that no longer work against modern strategic and tactical planning. Any traitor that are part of the Russian puppet state governments in the Ukraine will have very short political careers, in one way or another.
last I heard the Kremlin says their losses are a little under 4000 troops. So they need to mobilize 300,000 because they lost 4000 troops.
LOL.........so much BS and it's flowing all the way to the US
I call BS, this commentator has no idea what is actually happening in Ukraine. Go and do some real research enstead of parroting the MSM propaganda war.
300,000 Russian nationalists on the battlefield is 300,000 fewer politically active Russians at home. There'll be that many more Russian in Russia who oppose the war. Even if they conquered all of Ukraine in a month, Russia is going to be worse off than they were 5 years ago.
Strange how russian are saying its full not partial
Russian army under putin is the weakest army in its history.. garbage regime
You'll get what you wanted.
I hope the USA starts to covertly funnel in some more advanced weaponry to the Ukrainians and we quit announcing when/what we are doing. Surprise, surprise, and more surprises is the way to win a war.
300,000 new conscripts.... TRANSLATION: 900,000 or more to be sent to early graves.
your reporting is so terrible its just propaganda
come on don't be very extreme on one side, when usa fighting vitanam, or tellaban or ...etc it is up and down. so as russia.  be pratical. this kinds of things happened with not very great birtan and all others...
Russia will win with the supplies the west will send via convoys at Sea              Sorry wrong war
The Russian army has brought Chinese military vehicles into Ukraine, the US is deploying ground forces to the Pacific, October is the earliest that China can invade Taiwan due to weather conditions. The stars are aligning for a Russo-Sino alliance, Russia needs the men not just for Ukraine but to support China, for the moment I'm betting against nuclear escalation but a big war is a great way to distract ppl from unavoidable economics problems and food shortages predicted to kill 2 billion ppl.
New title: "putin goes balz deep"
You go from whispering to shouting. Wtf. I dont want to wake up the neighbours..or wear headphones.
Do the mobilized troops necessarily have to be sent to Ukraine? They could also be used to relieve any professional units that are tasked with overall territorial defense of Russia and have not yet been sent to Ukraine.
Russian subtitles please 🙏🏻
Why can't the Ukrainians just bomb the railway? Its clearly at reach of the most accurate artillery.   And would Russia really be willing to ship OIL by train?
Empty the prisons send them  instead of the young men to die
PUTIN AND RUSSIA ARE DOOMED.
It is showing that Putin is desperately making mass recruitment of arm forces to stay away from the cities where a coup against him very likely to happen.
Go Putin take Zelensky out use the high tec toys
He's losing on an epic scale. He's a short little man with a Napoleon complex, plain and simple. He thinks he has to project strength for his obvious shortcomings and has only proven himself a bigger loser than we could have ever imagined.   It's quite hilarious honestly
Poor Vlad, watch your back. You are not long for this world.
I forecast that there is going to be a military coup in Russia and Putin will get some flying lessons from a window.
The president of Ukraine should make a formal request the Russia. Ask Putin to send 2 500 000 body bags and 100 litter of fuel for each soldier. To send them back to Russia. Free Ukraine 🇺🇦
Finally Russian people lift their asses and go out protesting In The streets. Like a week ago all youtubers from Russia was like "sanctions not working" "prices going down" "sanctions only effect EU 😂"  It's a bout fukng time the fire hit Russian butts 🙀🤣😺🐁
Nothing worrying about it. Putin also threatened "nuclear annihilation" if Finland and Sweden joined NATO. Well...
The sound of your voice is distorted somehow. Too much gain on the signal. Please use a prper compressor or limiter as it is a pity cause you are providing really valuable content.
The restraint of the United States and Europe will also fuel Putin's bold moves.  , this world is daring and starving to death.
Winter is coming russia will get beat on the winter
300k more mouth's to feed during the cold winter.
I lost IQ watching this.
easy way the conscripts can flee! go to the front and surrender and witch sides to Ukraine.
What is Putin going to supply these new and untrained troops with -T62 tanks or does he have some T34s left.
Unsupported allegations. The Russian mobilization will move the world to WWIII. As soon as the referenda lead to approval by Russia tactical nuclear weapons will be brought in. The devastation and deaths resulting from this escalation will either force Europe to reconsider its support for Ukraine or cause the West to enter the fray instead of letting Ukrainians die by the millions. WE ARE LIVING IN VERY DANGEROUS TIMES. WISDOM IS SCARCE WHEN THE WEST REALLY NEEDS IT!!
Putin=Hilter the 2nd
Going full Soviet.... Stalin said "Quanity has a Quality of its own." 😧
it would be nice if western msm could stop lying about russia and putin. NO ! russia is not buying old out-dated millitary equipment from the junkyard, nor are the soldiars old and fat....it tragic to see how bad westen msm has redused themself to petty downplaying of russia.  russia has a huge metal industry,and in case of emp bombs their tanks dont stop,du to the lack of electronic. they relay on mechanic. a country with 150 mill inhabitans, there are enough soldiars. no war is a given victory for anyone, frontline change side many times. war means losses- no matter what. so they lost some territory and west msm is going ballistic in there rapport of russia loosing the war.
Putin is so high on copium and I absolutely love it.
More meat for the grinder.
russia should have never invalded in the first place. this is how you piss off the entirity of nato
All in? I don't think so...
Long story short Putin is having a hissy fit and is now throwing a temper tantrum
Putin is displaying his unlimited non-intelligence to the world he has been trying to hide for years. Nothing to do with his weakness because that is part of his natural character. "Slava Ukrain" will be on Putin's deathbed and truly well deserved!
The current fiasco is fraught with thinking errors. Why would anyone want  to support or be a part of any plan by Putin given his world-wide disregard for logistic support for his subjects? He dispatches them to  do his will, cuts off needed support, then holds them accountable for failure. The new rules  for engagement said nothing about, "Thou shalt not rape, torture, or kill innocent civilians..." either. Probably NOT an oversight!
Putin is destroying Russia's economy. Russia's next leader has lot of things to recover from
Surprise invasion.. Divebombing cities ... Murdering civilians and prisoner of war... Looting... Bragging about war changing super weapons ... Slow 🐌 progress ... Stalemate... Conscription of civilians ... We have seen this before in history and know how it ends.
EARTH TO RUSSIA ;  YOU LOST THE WAR YOU IDIOT'S !! DUH ,...... ,MFAO
I have a gut feeling that Putin is going to break out the Big Guns
idiot putin just keeps losing this war daily ,..it just gets funnier watching vlad lose
The main threat to Russian people is China, not the West. Putin and some of his government officials should seek a compromise with the West in order to save Russian people and deal with the threat from China. Putin actually betrayed Russia.
"The war has turned not necessarily in Russia's favor"
soy
If morale is dirt low with volunteers, how do you think it'll be with conscripts...
I think Putin can't take all Ukraine, so he try to hold what he got. Like he done with Crimea, but not this time..
Russias whole propaganda campaign is based off of defending “allied territory” and if they use nukes on Ukrainian territory it will show both the world and their own people that that is all a lie and it’s all about the destruction of Ukraine. I honestly think that would lead to the end of the Russian Federation. Keeping in mind that the use of a nuke on the front line will likely backfire morale wise with their soldiers. Front lines are so close and the fact of Russian targeting being so far off up until this point they would likely kill many of their own men while instilling pure rage in to every single Ukrainian soldier. There would be no more prisoners taken on the side of the Ukrainians. A war crime yes, but so would be potentially killing civilians with nukes.
More than 40,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine, their blood is on Putin's hands. What started out as a 3 month special operation is now a six month war. Putin believed the troops would be welcolmed as liberators by the Ukranian people but they are hated as conquerors. Now 300,000 Russian military reservists are to be sent to Putin's war , how many of them would have volunteered?
Please stop showing us your face it's unnecessary
Russians' morale is low?! Blimey! Are you kidding? Russians have been criticizing Putin for delaying mobilization ever since the special operation had started. And by the way, your info is factually incorrect. The number of the towns you have mentioned are not under Ukrainian control.
out of weapons? Use more men! classic soviet tactic.  Seriously though the casualty ratio already strongly favors ukraine but if they really deploy with their current stockpile it'll be like 20 russians dead for every 1 ukrainian. They're p much sending 1.5 million people to death.
Its just funny how things are justified if big players/countries are involved. There is no " bad " side in this war. Everything is just political and media influence. Both NATO and Russia are equally good and bad, just a demonstration of force .
The Russians withdrew in Kharkov and the Zelensky forces lost thousands in taking a virtually undefended area.  In straightening their defence lines the Russians have massively strengthened their forces.  Over and again Ukrainians have advanced only to have their bridgehead destroyed. It wasn't "the international community" which made the expected denunciation it was the West which is increasingly globally isolated.
I’m just worried about what happens when an animal is backed into a corner…
This is totally bulshit to be honest, we should stop this, if it’s comes to nuclear war we will all suffer from it
i think there should be a clarification on the wording used in this video. Severodonetsk was liberated, not captured. the people of the Donbass are pro Russian, and as such, Russia did not "capture" them. The Iranian drones are not "old" and are actually the most effective seeker drones in the conflict. There is no weapons purchase from North Korea If Russia intended to use nuclear weapons, it would have after Ukraine attempted to blow up a Nuclear power station inside Russia (yes, inside Russia). its a partial mobilization....300,000 (not 25 million) actually, this whole report is BS.
Fake fake news
Time for all the Russian internet troll-warriors to try the real thing lol.
Putin seems extremely desperate.
Hope everyone who sees this has amazing day. 😀😀
If putin presses even the nuclear button even may it be tactical nukes in his dreams, it will be over for russia, madman with nuclear button analogy, either his own countrymen will eat him or he will be responsible for russian hiroshima and russian nagasaki, gone are the days the global community used to block countries  from by isolation and sanctions, the planet is at a fragile junture of climate chanllenges which are irreversible, while one mad man risks his own contrymen like herds to be slaughtered for his injured pride, and risking a global nuclear annihilation, not by any natural event but by a nuclear button at the hand of a goon madman once who claimed to be a peudo patriot by kgb. But russians know what to do in such critical situations and when to follow chain of command and not, just like in the movie "hunter killer" bypassing rogue self ambitious, so called national leaders. international community nuclear players will jointly retaliate for purposes of fear of global nuclear winter.
The only way he'd use nukes is by using small battlefield tactical nukes. It'll be "shock and awe" to stop Ukraine's counter-offensive in its tracks. They'll use multiple tactical nukes simultaneously along the frontlines.
Wow! Number 1 Trending on YouTube UK!
i doubt it's a partial mobilization, and closer to full.  and was only announced, as such, to save face.   but he needs far more troops, announcing a full mobilization is problematic for internal politics, a partial mobilization just won't get the job done.  Quantity is the only way they are going to overcome the lack of quality
Russia is not USSR and doesn't have a proper infrastructure and facilities to get significant impact in their invasion from this mobilisation. Also, these troops wouldn't be as much effective as these ones who are now killed or injured. It's rather replacing of their losses with new cannon fodder. Putin wants to scare westerners in this way but I hope it won't work. It's totally suicidal for his cronies to use nuclear weapon. Also, their families live in that "rotten west". It has no sense to use them in Ukrainian territories that russians want to settle. So, don't allow fear mongerers to scare is with their propaganda.
#1 on trending... Nice
This is not war tho, it’s a very very very special military operation.
Ukrainian failed in Kherson
Lacking the logistics for 200k let alone 2.5 million. Yeah but nah... this guy is deluded
This guy putin  will not stop untill his own people catch him and hand him over to hague to be tried for war criminal, or either he lands russia in nuclear war like hiroshima or gets himself ousted or assasinated. This guy is responsible for the blood of his own countrymen and now is speaking about protecting russia and its people, i dont know which one, russian mothers curse putin more than ukrainian mothers, now he is roping in more ukrainian civilian population to die as livestock not for motherland but to protect and prevent him from being overthrown and being assasinated or being handled over to the hague court, how paradoxical, a war criminal is lecturing and is calling those ukrainians who are fighting for their land as terrorists, new definition of terror, russia itself is a mafia and merceneray operated state half way from being a full fledged terror stae like ISIS. he is calling occupied territory as russian and calling sons of russia to die for his ulterior ambitions, wow!, he has shown his real face a mad man with a nuclear button, same as kim jong, gadaffi, sadam hussein, pakistan, iran.high alert for the russians and global community, creating war like situation when its not for one persons amitions due to injured pride. Hitler 2.0 reincarnation.
Ukraine should just hold a referendum in the whole of Russia, and then kick Pootang out afterwards.  Seems legit.
I know this is nearly impossible, would be absolutely hilarious if the Breakaway regions referendums didn't follow Russian orders
Throw a River in the Hell than to throw  yourself into Hell, Can you calculate its meaning or blind your mind
"Russian moral is at an all time low".   Me: It appears to get lower everyday. Wonder why
This guy putin  will not stop untill his own people catch him and hand him over to hague to be tried for war criminal, or either he lands russia in nuclear war like hiroshima or gets himself ousted or assasinated. This guy is responsible for the blood of his own countrymen and now is speaking about protecting russia and its people, i dont know which one, russian mothers curse putin more than ukrainian mothers, now he is roping in more ukrainian civilian population to die as livestock not for motherland but to protect and prevent him from being overthrown and being assasinated or being handled over to the hague court, how paradoxical, a war criminal is lecturing and is calling those ukrainians who are fighting for their land as terrorists, new definition of terror, russia itself is a mafia and merceneray operated state half way from being a full fledged terror stae like ISIS. he is calling occupied territory as russian and calling sons of russia to die for his ulterior ambitions, wow!, he has shown his real face a mad man with a nuclear button, same as kim jong, gadaffi, sadam hussein, pakistan, iran.high alert for the russians and global community, creating war like situation when its not for one persons amitions due to injured pride. Hitler 2.0 reincarnation.
what a fools you people are .. you need more brains to understan that putins game .
No matter what Russia will still do some damages, but the west still be talking 😅
Дух у России боевой💪 хочется побыстрее разобраться с НАТО. Не надо всякую чушь людям говорить по ТV
What'd I miss, I've been Putin.😆
Putin's aim ( I won't say Russia's! ) was to take the Donbas region as the main priority;  remove the Ukrainian government and it's military threat and take as much of Ukraine's land East of the Dnipro as they could hold. But Ukrainian resolve and the increased Western support has now ended most of these aims, but Putin will know he must hold on to the taken Donbas territory ---the stated aim of 'The Special Military Operation' ---------or he is finished.
If he does use nukes man I dont even wanna know the response from NATO it definitely start a world war
I saw this coming..
We need to stop accepting "thinly veiled nuclear threat", we need to really push that issue publicly.  Because if he's threatening nuclear, then the few people left supporting Russia/Putin need to understand this.  We need to make it quite clear to all the pockets of support he has left that this is a mad man threatening the near-extinction of the human race over losing a war against their neighbour.  Whilever we allow him to suggest and hint about it, then he can continue to push his propaganda, and his supporters will continue to argue in favour.  We need to make it crystal clear where he stands.  So the people in Russia, and anyone else supporting him realises what they're really supporting.
All in... Uses 300k With 25mil in reserve🤦🏻‍♂️
Crazy
Even Brexit is illegitimate according to some sources, people should stop watching lying Videos here and instead watch Indian News channels coz they are more truthful!
Leave Ukraine and come to Venezuela 🇻🇪 🇷🇺greatest oil reserves and lots of gaz  we welcome you and defend your boarder and our country against US invasion
They had to delay the speech, and eventually pre-record it, because Putin couldn't say it all in one go with a straight face, with all the BS it contained !
You know shit's fucked when you're buying your weapons from North Korea.
Maybe North Korea and Cuba will bail putin out, gotta get those "nazis" 😄🤣😂
The old tactic of holding sham elections in a bid to legitimize the absorption of other territories is particularly concerning. Putin already denied the Baltic occupation(s) by claiming they voted themselves into USSR on a contractual basis. (Plus, the Duma has been making noises about not recognizing Baltic independence as legal or legitimate.) This man really is nakedly pining to rebuild an empire and he's willing to rehash every same, tired tactic and propaganda line to do it. And it's so futile and wasteful.
Well, Putin needs that -10% consumer goods and +40% millitary factory build speed
..going full vodka, haac !
This whole thing damages Russia, it damages Ukraine, and it damages us in the US thar have to keep paying to send weapons to Ukraine, so they're not overwhelmed by Russia 🤦🏻
Stop shouting your mike technique is shit. Just saying
If ANY Country uses Nukes I would hope that the entire rest of the World will gang up and erase that Country. That includes my own- if we use Nukes on anyone for any reason other than retaliation against Nukes I hope my Country no longer exists afterwards. I also don't take his Nuclear threat seriously. I'll be part of the riots here if they use Nukes and the World stands back and lets it happen- sanctions are standing back and watching in my Book, we must Kill the Country and end its History if Nukes are used.  It's too bad the World was so ignorant about the Atom bomb when it was dropped on the Japanese- it's my Countries greatest single act of shame IMO- there are many others, most of which are much more ambiguous- to me, Nukes are not ambiguous at all unless the source is unknown- thank god it was still on a small scale back then though... using an H-Bomb or any of our current Nukes is an inexcusable/unforgivable act- unless we are killing them invading Aliens!
Keep wining, the sheep never stops baahing and neither does it change anything.
We need to stop this war. Break up Ukraine and block nato and eu membership.
Think about how many of these men are going to die. Think about how many families are going to have an empty seat at the dinner table. Think of The sons, Fathers, uncles, nephews, brothers, and grandchildren, who are all about to die over a war created by some madman. I am against russian invasion and occupation of Ukraine as much as anyone else Is, However it is important to also think of the human cost of both sides. War is not glorious, war is a tragedy.
Russia was just all hype losing already smh why even bother
Most stuff I see is stupid why doesn't he mention the other huge offensive in other areas where they Ukrainian Forces failed and took massive losses also East Kupyansk is still controlled by Russia. I won't him to mention all the other front after this one offensive where Ukraine took hevy losses. And aslo the Russian knew those area were weakly defended so they actually just left and are not stupid enough like Ukrainian. To leave their units to be completely destroyed like the Urakine was doing in this war at the start. Russians knew they couldn't hold those areas so they left.
I didnt know you could half hit the mobilization button.   (Victoria 2 joke)
Russian morale is apparently as a al time low from the beginning of this war. Now I wonder what will happen if they'll get a little morale boost.
Well Putin has enjoyed high support from Russians because he has been pulling soldiers from the interior. Now it affects people in Moscow, St. Petersburg etc. Don't think this shit will sit well there. Brings the war to them and their  families that have been insulatled from the ral war. Glory  to Ukraine!
The more I think about it, mobilisation won't be in time for winter nor actually add a lot of effective fighting power. And the threat of nukes was never off the table.  Either there's going to be a 'demonstration' (tactical nukes are hardly useful against ukraine as their troops are spread out and operate in independent units) or this is just posturing to get a better deal out of talks.
3 motives of the devil. Steal, destroy and kill. Sounds familiar. Believe or not he does excits.
What is the difference between EU and Titanic? Titanic had its lights on while it was sinking
You failed to address that the Russians don't have enough clown cars to get their reserves to the front.
"We are mobilizing 2,500,000 men!" "Unfortunatly we do not have guns to give them."   It's a tale that is as old as The Russian Empire.
Holy shit dood.. sort out your audio levels!
"Volunteer battalions",  I hope Ukraine gets all of its territory back including Crimea.
HOW  CAN  A  MAN  MAKE  SUCH  A  GRAVE   MISTAKE  SO  LATE  IN  LIFE ?  PUTIN  THIS  MOVE  WAS  UNNECESSARY  .
When Russia holds them towns when ukraine strategic city's
Putin would sacrifice the 300,000 for him to stay in power.
190K "professionals" couldn't do jack s**t, so Russia is throwing in another 300K untrained farmers, just for the sake of it. Load up with popcorn everybody...
I didn't get it when Russia invaded but I understand the tenuous strategic aims. But what the hell do the Kremlin think they have to gain here. If they continue to escalate they either get their ass handed to them, suffering the most humiliating defeat in Russian history or they win take Ukraine and have a massive highly vulnerable border with a hostile neighbour that is orders of magnitude more powerful. There is no "winning" for Russia here.
I bet many of the soldiers will get no training !
Pot calling the kettle black 😮
Russia has declared mobilisation only three times in it's entire existence: WW1, WW2 and The Ukrainian special operation. Let that sink in.
i hate the queen
Russia or China, they dont have quality NDT test, soo anything they make that is high quality standards, they cant make. Its not 1900s anymore, things are not simple to make, even to test materials, soo many inspection paper goes under the tablet. Quality manufacturing/ production is not simple as people think .
"thousands of square kilometres of territories" Don't mention they have captured 1.4% of all Russia occupied territories... :D
FUCK UKRAINE 💩🇺🇦💩🇺🇦💩🇺🇦💩🇺🇦💩
literally 1984. all jokes aside its funny how suddenly you don't see many Russian bots preaching all that QANON shit about NWO when Putin is the one leading it
Putin is a demon-possessed psychopath and it’s itching to press the nuclear button.
Congrats on number 1 trending
😂😂 "Partial". 300k is more troops than most countries have in their total army.
Typical Putin, can't even fully mobilize his country. What a moron...
How does this sound, Putin takes the two rebel areas boundaries of pre war , give back Mariupol, Crimea,. Who wants the rebel people anyway let them go they want to be Russian let them , Putin has already ruined Russia’s reputation and now we all know they have no real army. So let’s not re-arm them . Make him pay for the damage he did to Ukraine.
Omg guys #1 on trending, been watching you since you were running this week in parliament the first time around, I'm so happy for you 🥳
Why doesn't Ukraine organise a referendum to counter Russia's manipulation?
Great video. But, Use a software to make your sound loudness the same throughout.
Excuse me but it seems that the majority of people fail to see a very important point. The territories anexted by Russia are and still will be Ukrainian land. A referendum for Pro Russians DOES NOT mean that the land becomes Russian. All the people of the pro-Russian areas will still be under Ukrainian rules and laws. And if they do not like it, they MUST leave and move to Russia !
I don't understand the Russian generals; why weren't the Ukrainian infrastructures destroyed when the war started? They know that weapons would come from Poland and other NATO countries by rail or air; the railway system and airfields should have been destroyed and regularly bombed.  You have Pelosi, Boris, Shultz, and other foreign leaders coming into Kieve taking photo sessions in broad daylight. This war was fought with idiocy from the beginning; also, Ukraine was massing troops for the counter-offensive for weeks, but high altitude and ballistic missiles were not used on them to destroy their formations and make it difficult for them to counter attack. A 15-year-old could have done a better job than these Russian generals.
Whenever i hear him using nuke threats i just think " Yeah do it! See how fucked you will be if you do. Do it!"
I know you're working with a visual medium, but god, I wish you didn't have to show Putin's face so much. I hate it.
Putin is desperate at this point. Not only because a bloody, war-torn Ukraine kicked the shit out of them and taken back 1000 square miles, he's made a complete mockery of Russia's military and horribly damaged Russia's political power for the foreseeable future.   His only real threat now is nuclear weapons, but I somehow doubt any of his allies or "friends" are mad enough to truly consider them.
He will even mobolize toddles like Hitler did it used to
Is it all in or all out?
This war is about the fossil fuels within the currently occupied territories. (That is why there is no military action in the northern part of the border.) Nobody has the balls to say that. Putin HAS to go all in. He is fighting for the economic survival of his country that depends on energy exports. Therefore he "had" to start the war. Otherwise Ukraine would have easily beaten Russia as a gas supplier on the European market. Also with oil and coal.
yea we getting nuked
The poor Russian troops. Death by cannon fodder .
🤣🤣 so long for the "strong russian army" That dog only make noise...
Western press is bought out and most people don't bother to research history.   NATO should not have installed their puppet fascist president in the Ukraine and stuck to their agreement  to stay out of Eastern Europe, but the profits are worth it to them, sacrifice Ukrainian lives for NATO leaders profits.  Money paid to family members of leaders who might have power.  No wonder Russia is pushing back.
What Zelenski told Putin was: if you send in 130,000 more green troops, dont forget to send a good supply of body bags.
Are Russian women subject to the draft❓
Huh? *sweating looking side to side as bombs EXPLODE all around me* I thought.. I- Wha-? *my eyes widen, pupils dilating like when I see children* What the hell is happening?! *I squirm and moan*
Anybody know what happens to the captured Russian soldiers. Are they allowed to walk back to their line and leave their weapons or are there prison camps?
What about these North Korean troops they were planning to send?
Partial mobilization is what you  get when the US and friends are screwing arround on Russians doorstep, using and writing off thousands of Ukranians.   I have no words to describe this sorry character who is called the President of USA.The worst ever. This Biden idiot are going to be responsible that the whole world will soon breathe  "Sulpheric Acid" He and friends in NATO are begging for it.   I knew it from the moment this   bullshiter Biden grabbed power in the US by trickery, deceit and criminality, a war he's going to start.  Russia, I know your armed forces will prevail! You have my moral support and Good luck and good wishes.” to every Russian Soldier going forward to face this enemy. 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺👍👍
ey dude u r an fucking idiot , ask howe hunter was involved , ask what kinda faciletys where to be taken like medical laboratorys   you look like a muppet cuzz i asume u have someones hand up your a
So the Russian Army has gone from green and/or undertrained to kinda undertrained and/or rusty.
Funny that Putin wants to restore the Soviet Union, but instead he is killing, bankrupting, and psychologically destroying what's left of it. The Russian Federation will break up into 20 or more separate ethnic countries instead. Good riddance to Russia!
TLDR are as bad as the BBC 🤦‍♂️
Does the Kremlin still call it a "Special military operation" after Putin's speech? "So, yah, we are gonna deploy 2,5 million military personell to our military operation in Ukraine. No, of course it is not a war"
Does partial mobilization mean partial war? Or triple special military operations?
Big bomb gonna make UK into cobalt wasteland soon
The war that isn't a war and the mobilization that isn't a mobilization.  Who you gonna believe, me or your lying eyes?
TL;DW
A lot of you may die comrades, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.-Vladimir Putin 2022
Just more walking undisciplined bodies
Literally just cannon fodder. They won't last a week
Don't feed the bear... But USA don't give a fuck - they feed thi bear. So whole world play in solidarity with Ukraine... But it is dirty play while they STILL fuckeing FEED the BEAR!.. Hillarius, isn't it?
Surely "all in" would be full mobilisation
I hope Ukraine takes FULL advantage of this war, to kill, capture, or expel all the "separatists" who were infiltrated into Ukraine by Russia in order to provide an "excuse" for their invasion.
"There is no war in Ba Sing Se"
Putin is slowly going to kill his own people because of a war he is losing.
yepp and this is what i feared, 1 mill men MAX will now go into Ukraine by the next year we can agree on, cuz it will take the 3 and a half months left we got of 2022 to organize these men... But then again is what i feared, remember guys Russia only have 150000-300000 men in Ukraine at this time (just an estimate ofc). While Ukraine have around 500000-800000 men (also an estimate, but remember martial law is active and therefore there are at least over 300000 battle ready troops, so half a mill to 800k is an good estimate), anyways that makes the Russians out-numbered by 3-1 / 4-1.   Now with this then Russia will get many more men and will be able to solve it's low amount of troops problem, this will then even the troop count in the war, if not the Ukrainians becoming out-numbered eventually. Where then the Russians will have the advantage cuz Russia still is the second largest army in the world, thought i think they are now 3rd behind China, due to all it's looses. But anyway still very very powerful, giving it again an advantage in equipment, and with then even amount of troops.   This will drastically change the war back around, and will see Russia beginning on the offensive again, trying to reclaim Kharkiev oblast (idk if i spelled that rgt or not), take full control over Donbas, take full control over Kherson oblast and push towards Mykolaiv oblast with the aims to take the entire coast line from Ukraine. SO that is what i was afraid of and now it has happened!  Only thing Ukrainians now have is time, cuz by half a year then the Russians will deff have an clear advantage over Ukraine if the conscription goes after plan, which it might not do... we'll just have to see.  Peace to Ukraine and Russia, may they end this war before many more lives are lost!
Russia is close to using nukes be warned
and angry Russian will kill Putin soon because of his call for army mobilization and their love ones have to go to war to die for this mad man sleep well in luxury palace and eats good food and their love ones have to sleep in the trenches, don’t have food to eat, just “eat bullets” to the heads for the chests or become fertilizer in Ukraine..haha.  Modern war doesn't care the number of solders.20 HIMRAS systems can kill many. Ukraine loves those 300000 fresh meat of mobilization for fertilizer in Ukraine! send Putin's supporters to war zone first, so they (I**D**I**O**T) can be proud to die for Poo-tin!/\
How about opening up a new front? another land to sea ship attack, keep em guessing?
Yeah, the first option seems better, cutting of the supplies would be like cornering a wild animal, makimg them more desperate, best to opt for 'mediocridly' wear them down,  to slowly raise the temperature on the metaphorical frog, by they time it realizes it, he's cooked!
Wow trendin number 2 congratulations
I've always hated the term 'mobilization'. Such a benign way of describing a policy leading to the enslavment, imprisonment and mass slaughter of thousands of innocent civilians.
KhArkiv, not KharkIv
This is called a war. Will be on for about 10 years.
Absolutely tragic news. A totalitarian and sexist policy leaving hundreds of thousands of young russian men imprisoned, enlsaved or dead. Completely disgusting.
Lies on top of lies .. Ukraine is losing woefully
It'll be winter before his new troops are combat ready for ukraine. Fighting in a ukraine winter!? Yeah, its not gonna end well for Russia
"We have no weapons and our troops are ineffective. What do we do?"   "I know. Lets send even more men to the country and have a bigger weapons issue"
We should hold a "referendum" on Ascension of Kaliningrad into Ukraine
BRO, WE'RE just sitting on the other side of the screen, YOU don't need to begin each sentence by shouting, WE can hear you. THE weird up and down cadence and YELLING is really distracting for YOUR video.
The last " saving face " that the Russian ppl will witness.....how many more innocent Ukrainians and....their own Russian military will perish under this delusional soul.......the world is closing in.....I am, TOMS very British future wife, Veteran, Iraq, Afghanistan & Continent of Africa....as delusional as this imbecile Mike from MN.......
russia's going to present a target rich environment to Ukraine. A lot more russian fascists are going to die.  I say that because we already know that they're suffering when it comes to equipment, they're sending in ancient tanks. Do you know what you call a poorly equipped soldier in a modern war? Dead.  I'm betting the zinc markets are going to climb again. russia's going to have to buy a lot of coffins.  Do not feel sorry for them, if they don't want to die for nothing, they'd find a way to object.
People need to stop thinking Putin's threats to use nuclear are just bluffs. Why on Earth does anyone think he won't do this?   The international community needs to start planning for how to respond when he does. Putin has shown he will never back down and will continue to double down to win. If this new mobilization fails to deliver results then I think it is inevitable Putin will drop a few nukes on Ukraine, if for nothing more than spite. There is no evidence to suggest he will not go to any extreme if he has to. Let's hope Russians rise up against him.
Lol, you still worry about nuclear threats? This was worrying in spring, at this point it's just laughable. Ukraine bombs russian military bases in Crimea regularly and russian media constantly report Ukrainian bombing or russian border oblasts. What changed? The nuclear threat is not for west, it's for the people of russia only.
Объединённые силы Европы и Америки получили по носу.
But why sin't the rest of the europe helping, really?  Really though, If the people fighting in Ukraine has captured more stuff from russia than the rest of europe helping, that's a joke.  Yes we all know inbred trash in england has to play dress up like mental defectives, I wonder how much that country would save if they got rid of the trash.
Putin totally failed in this war. Announcement a proof that he is not courageous enough to use nuclear weapons. He should just surrender and admit defeat and withdraw all defeated soldiers immediately before further humiliation to his people
Yeah, the nukes are out. Finally they are coming. 50 years waiting on, threatend by Russia with them, but now we get the change to answer his first tactical nuke with all NATO has available. Of course Putin does the same, that is the game, the END game in a lobal nucleair winter.BRING IT ON PUTIN LOVERS!!
I think adding "looting" to the legal framework is particularly ironic. That means that most of the soldiers that served in this war would be guilty.  What are they planning to do, ship everyone straight from the front to Siberia?
I'm willing to bet that the vast majority of Russias nukes dont even work and have long since degraded to a non functional state - and that Russia doesn't even know which ones work or which are duds.
Big fat nothingburger
I’m surprised he hasn’t gone full totalitarianism and moving all economic development to arms and conscripting citizens
All the best to Mother Russia! <3
Is there any industrual and economical mobilization for mass producing weapons etc. ?  otherwise i can't see manpower alone changing things too much. I think main point is those referendums thats where the danger is when they join Russia nukes became option hopefully Russian high commannd and politicians also peoples act responisble and stop this madness.
O!!ver last months...
make video about iran as well
but i thought the troops in ukraine are only a small portion of the entire active/regular russian army? why'd he declare the partial mobilization of reserves? why didn't he just commit more of the troops who are in active service already?  what is putin preparing for?
So, if a partial mobilization is called an "all-in", what's a full mobilization called then?
Important note: "Reservists" in Russia are basically any men between 18 and 60 except disabled
keep a little distance from the microphone.
He just spent 150pp on partial mobilisation lol
This would allow Putin too deploy the conscrips to less threatened locations like inner Russia, borders to freindly states and deploy the trained men ti Ukraine.  The veteran will be the first ones to go init service because they will provide a good backbone to the weakened officership   So all in all militarly logicallly
What a couple of himars can do to the "second most powerful army" is amazing... The most pathetic military humilliation of the 21 centuary 🤦🏻‍♀️
FIND A DIPLOMATIC SOLUTION TO THIS NOW!!!! this is getting out of control and nukes will start flying. we don't want that.
Since China isn't stepping up to help him, I can see two outcomes to this.  1. Russian citizens scramble to find a single person with two healthy, low-hanging testicles who is willing to put a bullet into Putin's brain, or 2. Nuclear war, where the only possible end is the complete dissolution of the Russian state and all traces of Russian identity worldwide are stamped out by prison or death.  At this point, I'm fine with either one tbh.
7:40 With that argument you can say UA should habe surrendered. This would have stopped killing
All those poor people being forced to fight on both sides no one should have to suffer
6:24 Nope
Like how russia fights for it's territorial intergrity in a foreign country🤷
A tactical nuke will be used sooner or later.  just wait and see.
Never in the history of human conflict has one man been in such dire need of a blowj*b as Vladimir Putin. The question though, isn't how pleased and docile he would become, should he get one, but how the hell does the rest of the World find one willing to take one for the team?
Russia is fighting a war that does not exist.   Their tactics are antiquated and countered by western doctrine and hardware.   The push in the eastern part of Ukraine just shows this.   Conscripts and conscript doctrine will never stand against motivated and well armed forces fighting for a cause they believe in.   They just will not have the morale or initiative to counter them.
I think this video made a small mistake. As far as I understand (and I could be wrong so I welcome any corrections), Ukraine never really stood around the Oskil river. The Russian haphazard defenses were broken in a day or two and they advanced past the river quickly. It's likely at the time of the script writing the TLDR team assumed that this is the new front line but I just figured I'd point that out.
Putin isn't as dumb as we all think. Rumour has it these men are well prepared. They all have a lunch box that contains two egg sandwiches, a king size snickers, a pack of beef monster much, some grapes cut in half to prevent choking and a strawberry crunch corner. In addition to that they all have a large bottle of sugar free ribena incase they are thirsty. The fact it's sugar free will prevent them from clowning around too much afterwards and getting carried away with it all. Keeps them focused.  He's a smart man.
TLDR, take the CNN mask already.
Oh no not the rusty nuclear sabre again! We're shaking in our boots over here, I swear! 🤣
Now Putler recruiting criminals or civilians to fight Ukrainian military.
Desperation, that's what the hell is happening...
It will end up with Russia carpet bombing Ukraine with its huge bomber force. Russia has the biggest military in the world. It’s a beast.
Putin/Kremlin keep using the nuclear threat like they've something they others don't so they can use as threat and act like they are free of any consequencies, or putting on a different way, threats of nuclear weapons when there is many other countries that also do have and russia is a big target and god forbid if that lunatic uses em, than many on the west will likely change the view on retaliation in kind to russia and than we get a disaster for decades... This nuclear threat thing was viable when back on the day there was only two sides with an arsenal, nowdays there is no monopoly on such... Putin threats nuclear war, but forgets that he strikes once, gets striked back and Moscow still located on the same place as it was decades ago... TLDR: Putin is threatning self-destruction to put it short...
Wonder if the Russian people will wake up eventually
When your soldiers’ morale is dropping lower and lower, mobilising seems like a brilliant idea. Nothing like giving weapons to thousands of pissed people who would rather surrender than fight  Edit: ah yes, penal soldiers. No way this could backfire
Lies, fake news. You really like Ukraine thou. Either way, Ukraine is screwed forever.
Great. 300,000 more demoralized common thugs, drug addicts and rapists heading over the border from Russia to Ukraine. That'll end well for Putin.
The ways things are going, I'd be very surprised if we didn't see Putin use a nuclear attack of some sort before the year is over.  He is losing, and getting desperate, and he enjoys pushing things to the limit to see what happens.  Fun times.
Ah, Putin's bringing in more cannon-fodder for Ukrainian target practice; just in time for a long, cold, wet and windy season of mud, mayhem, mutilation, murder and misery.  Another Death March of Russians into Ukraine.  He'll need more uniforms, munitions, vehicles, first aid kits and body bags.  There is, however, some good news; Flower sellers and coffin makers will become rich!
The orcs couldn't even win the Battle of Hostomel. It's time for an orchidectomy. (Google the definition)
So if the people vote to not join Russia in the referendum, will Putin pull out all his troops and leave immediately?
Not gonna work for Russia with winter around the corner, advance Ukraine, make sure you install strong defensive measures, and secure your flank....good luck!
TLDR: Putin goes all in Also TLDR: Putin's Partial Mobilisation
your title sounds angry...just so you know russians cant wait to go kill nazis in ukraine....
What's the point of mobilizing more troops if you do not have the weapons to give them.
Russia could lose the war not because of only fighting Ukraine, but fighting with over 30nations  You can't win such kind of a war when everyone is supplying weapons to Ukraine If Ukraine was alone in this, then we would have seen whether Russia could even lose an inch of a conquered territory. So let's be fair in praising Ukraine with its fighting skill and laughing at Russia for losing
Putin is just upsetting more Russians and this will cause his down fall.
Mind Begs the Question: If in a World X oppose Occupation - Heroes Y oppose Occupation - Terrorists World Governed by - Righteous,Evil?
*beginning of WW3*
fuc the west for proving help and weapons, Russia will be the strongest country on Earth
The Putin nuclear threat was more directed towards the Russian people to sway them towards his goals to legally use them as well further support his “special operations”.    1.  He indicated to the Russian people that the West has already given their own nuclear threats (which is a factually outright lie on his part) and it would be in Russia’s interests to use nuclear first strike option abilities.    2.  By doing this he is also motivating the Russian people to volunteer for conscription or further support his “special operations”/invasion in their capacity to avoid an all out (Russian initiated) nuclear war and deter the “Mad Russian” from pushing that infamous “red button”.  3.  By better supporting his ambitions, he is also essentially getting the Russian people to shut down elected leaders and independents attempts to kick him out of office/impeach.  He sees the rise in the common people and lower governmental officials are turning their backs towards him.  He wants to shut them down or turn the tables on them by getting the majority of the Russian people to rally behind him against the potential “Western threat”.
Because of Putin, I think within 15 years Ukraine will be growing economically, part of NATO and the EU, steadily climbing in upwards; while Russia will be a Belarus and sinking into obscurity.
Putin needs new cannon fodder for his failed war on Ukraine, send your sons and daughters to die for Putin's greed and poor leadership! You too can suffer the pain of loss that is all that Putin can offer, say another 50,000 Souls! Oh, that's right Putin does not have one of those.
Where are the Ukrainians going to bury them all?
Nuclear time
fake news
Erdogan said a few days ago that Putin wanted to end the war asap.What happened to that?
Penalty for looting?? That is 90% of the russian "soldiers" pay?
I think its  time some special force troops go and hunt  down putin  bring him to ukraine and give his just  reward remember how sadam get his
WW3 seems to be getting ever closer and closer
I dont think its 2,500,000 men, they announced that they are mobilizing 300,000 men.
Before starting this war, Pooptin should have really done a little housekeeping. It seems that Russia's administration is floundering under its own weight and you can't make a war if you don't have the logistics and the administrative in order.
Back the Plan A it would seem. Grind out a victory through sheer weight of numbers. I sincerely hope this is the first time in history it doesn't work - for a defensive war the Russian people may back such a fight no matter what, but when Russia is the aggressor in someone else's land...? For all the help Ukraine has had they will need an awful lot more. A war of attrition isn't good when you have fewer bodies (sadly) to spare.
Now the Russian army has more unmotivated soldiers, great just what Russia needed...
No matter the outcome Ukraine loses, hey either get militarily occupied by Russia or have mountains of generational debt to pay back to the West.
It’s time to stop clown rasPoetin, playtime is over. It’s now time to react to his treats wit a war declaration from NATO against Russia
Russia will have it’s second October revolution… Putin’s head will roll.
who would have tought an ex stand up comedian cokehead has strategy tactics as well..... yeah the whole old world controlling system will be dead soon
The difference from Putin is that he plays the legal game, Washington plays we know best and we have no morals and philosophy, however we the Wall street gang do as we please and we have the industrial military complex as our gangsterism army, When Europe disobeys we make war/ since 1913* Russia got the SOVIET UNION USA MADE/ is a taste of what we can do from 1917 to Israël Palestine/ ruin Europe & its leaders until they Obey, prince charles III has no say since he is just a photo on a front page. and Everyone must obey on discourse and speech. ☢☢⛽⛽🤑🤑🤐🤐〽〽
I think the referenda might backfire horribly though. If parts of ukraine count as attacking russian soil, then what's to stop them from striking on ACTUAL russian soil next? By pushing his border forward, he's essentially running the risk of it being pushed back further than it was originally.  In essence, putting out an arrest warrant for a false crime can act as permission to commit the crime for real. After all, punishment's the same anyway.
Putin just keeps digging his own grave deeper and deeper
Now every russian patriot, that could only support russia in the comment section, can now directly support the russian army.
I do not understand how the Russian people are served by a leader who aggressively attacks a peaceful neighboring country, destroys it and at the same time threatens Europe with nuclear weapons. His soldiers commit heinous acts against civilians, which is simply denied as evidence emerges and when his attacks are repulsed, he claims that Russia itself is threatened and that strategic nuclear attacks against European capitals can be carried out. He ignores NATO's musketeer promise where an attack on one country will be seen as an attack on all. That man is a psychopath and a mass murderer and should be removed. People of Russia, unite and dismantle the greatest danger in world history.
They must be hiding  something
US senators are finally drafting 2nd state sanctions for russia, targeting anyone who trades with russia, china and India. This would cut off all revenue for the war and its something that should have happened day 1
Just wait till the rivers freeze over, then tanks will starts rolling through
I don’t think they are ‘old Iranian drones’. Just ‘Iranian drones’ would suffice.
we need to first strike russia asap
This kind of cemented Russia is actually losing the war.
algo
so they are not using the 5% of the army like the russian bots said
It ain't over til the Fat Bebushka sings
What russia has dine is effectively replenish its lost numbers with even shittier and less motivated troops
So.... Putin became toxic and went full on tryhard mode
speculative garbage, read by a little boy putting on a stupid voice.  You clearly watch too much CNN.
He’s mad
Its not "partial mobilisation" its "a larger special operation"  this wingnut of a leader needs to be deposed at least.
Putin is running out of fighters he will have old ladies fighting, young people are fleeing country!!
Thus begins the end of the Russian Federation.
Putin is a traitor to his own people  When things don't go his way he has to  threating the world with nukes he doesn't want to play fair take him out he's a threat to human civilization
He is just sending 300k walking body bags to safe face and even that won't help...he lost his lifetime dictator-membership the moment he gave the speech cuz now people are protesting and riotpolice is cracking down hard...till they get drafted and once they stop fighting the normal Russian for this Stalin-wannabe there is nothing holding the people back. On the nukes...he may just be arrogant enough to use tactical nukes but if he does NATO and even China will step in. But hey,he achieved his goal : he will always be remembered ( as the d!ck that destroyed Russia ).
Belgorod and Crimea have both been had Ukrainian assaults take place during this war and there has not been a tactical nuclear response.
did he just spend 300 PP jumping from civilian economy to partial mobilization?
What did you expect?   If the people of Donbas decide to be part of Russia, then Russia has every right to defend the people of Donbas as part of their country.   It is not possible that the West wants to cover with a finger the atrocities that Ukraine had committed against Donbas.
Very biased
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦  just sucks that Putin keep degrading the standing of his own country day by day for that past 20 yrs. He sure knows how to be manipulative to his people so one would think he'd be smart enough to not throw his country's standing into the shiter but oh well.
Что вы тут как черти на сковородке? Россия победит! Путин победит! А вы продолжайте дальше уничтожать семейные ценности
Ukraine is about to become a meat grinder. Having watched number of videos about this, Ukraine is a BIG country, the land gains Russia made were actually TOO MUCH for the number of soldiers they had, it was much more of an occupational force than a defensive force. Russia literally had to choose if they wanted to put their forces in the east or south and they chosen south as they view those much more strategic. Reducing the territory they hold and new conscripts should help them hold the territories they hold. Now supplying those troops, or training the new conscripts is another story.
I wonder if we will see a single move from the Russian people
gain too much
1 month training = we would be at end of October... then they need to enter Ukraine during the start of winter and it won't be over in a week (as they thought the first time) so it would be a winter fight... they will lose so hard they can't sit on their arse for the next 20 years...
The US should supply Putin's army with vats of vodka...
Apparently votes should only be counted when is in the best interest of the west. Got it!
Balls to Russia, China, North Korea - never back down - should have stood up against Russia when we all met in Berlin and never buckled under to letting them half of Germany - look where it has got us.
He’s basically shitting himself
Imagine invading a country (while refusing to admit to it), claiming parts of their land and then calling it an attack on your own country when they try to retake that territory. That's essentially what Putin is trying to do with those referendums, it's truly mind blowing in the worst way possible.
he is planning to send in all the babushkas and they will take off there pants and stink up Ukraine and kill them all he said in an interview
more like "putin goes *partially* all in" since it's a partial mobilitation
One thing we learned from all this is that nukes are the only thing we need to fear from Russia
Imagine calling a province of russia american out of nowhere with a fake poll, then proceed to draft 400k soldiers and telling russia to go off of the territory or face war.
nobody says Yampil is freed and everyone else says mobilisation = 300,000 Russians
Ukraine must have so much more long range missiles to push and take back its territories: Kherson, Crimea, Mariupol, Donetsk, Luhansk...........   Anyone who wants to follow Russian's government are free to leave Ukraine's land now!!!  You will be held accountable as traitor and prosecuted for your crimes against Ukraine. 😠😠😠😠😠😠
Putin is rolling out the peasant militia.
Russian tsunami loading...! Now Russia preparing the final hit before winter!
God bless America! Slava Ukraine!
Ha ha ha tripe
Turning point in the war, I think.
If Russia can't beat Ukraine -- they want NO Part of the "west" joining in directly and I SERIOUSLY question their "actual" nuclear capabilities (as far as America is concerned).
Putin /Hitler has just backed the West , NATO and the United Nations into a corner . It should never have gone this far in the first place . Stop the talk , stop the money and flood Ukraine with war ready weaponry and troops , push Russia out of Ukraine .
What is left of Ukraine forces have little artillery support and 0 air support. And Russia has not even declared war on them!
A world war in the making, because one man couldn't handle a past loss, is what's happening    Again
6:20 They've already stated that its a war... why are people still mentioning this?
It's not partial: everyone in the western media seems to take Putin's speech as a source, where he said that, but the actual law doesn't introduce that limitation to the contingent of the mobilisation. Considering Putin's track record of telling truth in his speeches, I guess everyone can figure it out for themselves what that means...
Your inability to pronounce Xarkiv is starting to drive me crazy.  If you can't make the X sound (a lot of us can't) then just pronounce it like an H.   You do still have the letter H in Britain, don't you?  (I know you don't have R anymore.)
It means you dum asses in EU are going to freeze AND starve this winter.
You idiot, the ukraine is not fighting the Russians,they are fighting the militia of the donebas and LPR not the Russian military....the 27th of September Russia is voting to accept the regions into the Russian federation and then by law the Russian military will title the ukraine as terrorist and attack the ukraine out right to end the war....they just called up 300,000 troops to do the job and every forenner from other countries caught will be put to death as the three Americans and One British man just found out, they were shot last week.....
If he escalates. We can escalate. I'm fairly sure us Europeans 🇪🇺 can show vlady boi who's the daddy. Even if ye brits don't wanna join we still can. Even tho I'm fairly sure you brits enjoy a good scrap.
Russians need training...ukranians dont need it?
Your audio is crap.
Putin did not expect Biden and NATO to go so all in. He basically now is responding to the reality on the ground.
💛💙💛💙💛
Russia's war in Ukraine is like Mercedes F1 2022 season, they just keep sandbagging
Russia has already proved its unable to organise the 150,000 troops it sent to Ukraine. Another 300,000 or 2.5 million is a joke. This is a country that just a few weeks into the war was drafting civilian trucks.
Prevailing winds generally blow east in that region correct? Meaning any nukes used in eastern Ukraine will mean fallout blowing into Russian territory…
So now Russia cannot use there majority of Federal countries entirely,now also ethnic Russians wil have to join the battle. and when that is happening the body bags will be arriving to every town.
More disabled people like before. what they are doing to even their own people is terrible, these will be untrained young people who has no clue what to do students thats to young to be in a war,  Millions of money wasted on weapons that should be spent on many other things in that country,
Right now NATO is hands off mostly to avoid nuclear conflict. If Putin orders a strike the main reason for NATO holding  back will be gone.
End the war Putin, NUKE em
Let’s give Ukraine nuclear weapons again and say “they’ll use all means available”.
What the hell is happening?  I hope for entirely collapse o russia into microstates, otherwise we have to nuke them into oblivion.
really enjoy your content. :)  i'm not sure, but for me it feels like the microphone sounds a bit muffled.
3 minutes in and you're still not on the topic but everything around it that we already know. You like your own voice too much.
Not saying your wrong but I'm hearing so many different sides to this story
Ukraine should announce their own referendum on regions in Russia and then claim those regions voted to become Ukrainian
So weak these Russians! I say EU will end in Vladivostok,,,,,,, u hear me "Vladi". Going full North *Korean ret*rd .....to bad the Russians are to scared and to corrupt to get rid of their miserable leaders!
This guy paints a bleak picture of the Russian position which is in reality very strong. Ukraine is making rapid advances? They took 5% of the territory back, on this map they managed to make that 5% look like 20....  UAF did this with a massive cost in human lives. 6000 dead on the conservative side. They cant afford to do these offensives. They are pyrrhic victories. Russia can simply sit by and watch the Ukrainians kill themselves under waves of artillery.
You aren't anywhere near to being neutral on this topic, and you shouldn't be. But you should've mentioned that their war ministry said "those conscripts will only garrison the places that are already conquered". Not that they are famous for keeping their promises but knowing that, it is easier to comprehend why there wasn't an uprising in russia today.
Sex is only for procreation, just as anus, which is not a sexual part, is for defecation. Do not copy the animals, as they have been contaminated by perverted humans for a long time. Stop buying malice stimulators, and with the money buy perfumes and dresses for your wife, and Bibles for your children..
Very difficult for Russia to fight US NATO and EU but she will succeed in the end....  this winter the war will be over...
the referendums in occupied territories show what he was doing this for all this time, land, empire building, imperialism, the Donbass was always an excuse and whilst there is examples of Neo Nazis in Ukraine (in small amounts) there is basically no evidence for a genocide of ethnic Russians.  If he wins it sets a dangerous precedent that might makes right, and China will likely invade Taiwan
If Putin were to politely ask Ukraine to give back all the tanks the Ukrainians have captured, Ukraine might oblige him, when they take delivery of their new NATO tanks. They'll want the target practice.
USA needs to Beef up in the scene, move in the F 22's, go heavy with antimissile system. These Russians will understand only one thing and that's force. Putin is a Dictator, the people are scared of him, Little Stalin.
dear god, please stop using that terrible picture of Zelensky with the microphone
Thats 2.5 million men that are going to die when charging Ukrainian lines  Its too late for Russia now 😌
Vladolf goes all in with nothing on his hand, the psycho tyrant is in panic.
Given how atrocious Russian supplies lines are  What the hell are they gonna give the troops? Aks from decades ago
The god of this world and his followers, says that if I identify as the opposite gender; other people must treat me as such; therefore Putin can identify Ukraine as a part of Russia, and defend it from NATO and Europe. Sounds satanic to me.
Good think is that Russia will have less and less men… now at least 50,000 free russian girls for everybody … let’s see,,, 200,000? Without men 😈🥰
Europe, do some quick checkouts of your nuclear defenses and offensive launch prechecks as Putin has threatened again to use his nuclear bombs if he thinks it is needed. I'll assure you  NATO  is  ready and willing and very tire of dealing with Russia, Soviet or otherwise!
I think Russia is going to fake an attack on Russia for a mass mobilization.
Putin is bluffing hard with the nukes. If he fires nukes, Moscow will be nuked to shit by other countries, would they really waste a nuke for fucking ukraine and get destroyed?
Putin is still bluffing about using nukes to try get west to stop helping Ukraine as he has not still said this is a war legally these new laws dont count in this operation. But the west will probably fall for this bluff like they always do.
How does going ALL in align with “partial mobilization”  Fuck the bias is crazy
"unbaised"
The search term “how to break your arm” has skyrocketed in Russia, since *NO ONE* wants to be conscripted
The West continued fighting the Cold War many decades later, and are reaping the consequences of those actions. Simple enough?
in 6 more months little pooty will be sending women and childen in to speacial operations
Surely these new laws introduced are for war time and as Putin has still not declared war they can't be enforced as it's still a special militry operation?
You guys keep going on about the nuclear angle, but that's just to keep us out of it. That situation hasn't changed at all. Mobilizing 2 million reservists? THAT'S huge news.
pass the ammunition and change the barrels regularly.
Fake news
This is how Russian Government changes laws to suit it self. Oh hey let's start referendum in a warzone and make it legal to use all those sick weapons we didn't allowed to use before.
Are we back to "Russian soldiers are tired, hungry and unwilling to fight"  Remember in April 2022 when they were "unwilling to fight", "running out of missiles" and "Putin is about to die of cancer" and Russia did exceeding well
OK, Putler, so now we are talking. There will be widows in S:t Petersburg, Moskau and other major cities. Parent losing their children in these cities. Not poor people from far regions in russia (who have already witnessed the slaughters).  And now 50-year old reservists who has forgotten what is the front and back of an ak-15 (cannon-fodder). There will be a bloodbath among russian amateurs against well-proven ukrainians. Putler - you are on your way out......Sorry that you have to drag along so many unsuspecting russians to their deaths. For every dead soldier in a major city there will probably be hundreds of persons who will wonder why this soldier had to die.....For what? Simply for Putin and his rich ego-tripped merry band of bandits. And so many lies - first it was a special military operation, to rid the ukrainian regime from naz-sts (?), then the eins-tz-gr-ppen  from russia was to protect Luhansk/Donetsk - now we really see the old outdated imperialist dreams from Gröfaz.
"Referendums are illegal in part because Russian doesn't control these Oblasts in their entirety". So if Russia controlled the oblast in its entirety it would be legal?  Why not just hit the nail on the head: any attempt to hold referendums to annex part of another sovereign nation is illegal and unrecognized.
Russia can't afford to lose, that is the fact, they will use nuclear option if they get close to loosing. There should be peace talks and compromise so we can avoid ww3 and death of us all.
Well they have plenty of fuel as they belong to opec
Is Putin still a genius?  Not looking like it.
Back in ww2 ruskies were so capable to kick nazi ass that they basically speedran the conquest of nazi Germany tp beat the americans to Berlin. Americans and allies went from northern France to Berlin, while the ruskies went halfway across Europe from basically Moscow to Berlin. Let's assume ukrainians are nazis as per Putin says. Ruskies aren't able to fight wannabe nazis nowadays, let alone proper nazis. Rusia is a joke and their population deserves better
Been following this channel since February, praised be Ukraine. From what we have seen so far, these conscription efforts can only be really used for defensive operations at best, as the army groups present in Ukraine are already struggling with Logistics as is. Having an army outscale your logistics and supply lines hampers its potential movement and at worst, introduces an even more dangerous foe than the enemy- starvation, disease and desertion.
With Russia's spiralling economy I don't see how 300,000 troops could be armed, equipped, fed or paid.
Russia and their half measures. By the time Putin gets his extra 300,000 men the Ukrainians will have another 500,000+. This is at best just delaying the end.
NUCLEAR BOOM BOOM WILL KILL BOTH RUSSIANS CIVILIAN,  MILITARY IF IT IS USE BECAUSE OF THE FALL OUT.   THE WIND DIRECTION TO  MOSCOW AND ST. PETERSBERG  WILL EXPOSE EVERYONE NORTHWEST OF RUSSIA TO  NUCLEAR RADIATION.    AND THE ORCS WILL TURN INTO ZOMBIES.
Good Speed Russia!
Maybe a mobilisation is just a decoy plan for their goal which is referendum for the 4 Regions they occupied in Ukraine. As long as the referendum went successful Russia can live in peace with its new territory and Ukraine and the world can't do anything about it like what happened to Crimea.
Putin can't singlehandedly launch nuclear weapons at a country because he does not control them, don't be fooled by these speeches. He needs the approval of the Minister of Defence and the Chief of the General Staff and they are not so stupid to pull of such a disaster just to make things worse.
and those russia terrorst that life in urkarain most also retriet whit the russia troops to russia
Whatever happens, I just hope that Putler fails. As the way things are going, so far, so good. It's been a while since a sitting head of state has been executed. Also, no one is going after Russia's territory. Donetsk and Luhansk are Ukrainian territory, but currently function as breakaway states. Crimea was annexed by illegitimate means. It's Ukraine's territory.
it isscary how  the people in russia are not fighting against this system
1 russia most retreat out of ukrqaine 2 ussr is no more  and puthin most stop killing his own people for somthing that never will come back
Cant see how those 300,000 will fare any better than the first 150,000. It is a lot of soldiers so it will prolong suffering on both sides. Prolong the inveitable defeat by maybe a year or two. Maybe Putin is under the illusion that he will have a solution by then. Likely not.
It's one thing to mobilize. It's another thing to equip, train and keep all those men supplied. Let's see if Russia can do that.
Putin took a huge gamble when he invaded Ukraine, and now he’s taking another with this “partial mobilization.”  Declaring war now, after trying to sow an attitude of indifference to the invasion, runs a huge risk of causing unrest in the populace, which is probably why he’s keeping it at “partial mobilization.”
RAJUMOHAN PRESS 💯💯💯🌍🇮🇳🇮🇳🙏👍👌👌
does anyone worry like me that ww3 might happen i cant stop thinking about it and im a bit worried
I know the Russian veterans are pissed to have to be reinstated into uniform to fight an illegal battle.
Putin has no chance winning the war in Ukraine. He needs to back out his so call  confused wore out army and throw in the towel. If he keeps up this  war he will  meet his demise by one of his Top General by assassination.
Karkhiv more like car key
I guess we will be finding out which do the Russian people fear more. Them or their relatives being sent to war, or their own government.
Russia 🇷🇺 go back to home
Putin's syphilitic mind is rotting. He's doubling down on failure like Hitler did in 1941. He only surrounds himself with clownish yes-men. How many thousands of young Russian boys have to be made into fertilizer before the Russian people start to give a fuck?
I think this is the beginning of the end. Putin will have one final push to grab what they can and then they will agree to some kind of ceasefire.
If they vote to become Russians, then they (meaning the people who vote yes) do confirm that they are traitors and frankly treason carries the death penalty, so yeah, could end up being strung up or shot and frankly: I agree with this, because if Russia is your promised land then LEAVE - if you attack your own country you are a traitor and those get shot!
Almost all flights from Moscow to Belgrade in the next few days are booked as of today morning...
Putin is teying to justify the use of nukes. That's all it's about.
Russia mobilizes. Baltic states: sweating intensifies, cause after Ukraine, they are next on the meniu (I am from Lithuania and being close to this neighbor, you start to understand him)
3:26 Isn't it a bit contradictory that the referenda will be illigetimate because Russia does not control all territories within the regions that will hold referenda, but somehow the current and previous President of Ukraine is legitimate to call himself President of all former Ukrainian held territory despite not having had elections in all of these regions since 2014 neither? Pro-Ukrainians will most likely claim it evident that the former is illigetimate and the latter legitimate, but there is obviously more than just Russia/Putin that commenced this crisis in 2014 in the Crimea and the Donbass.  I'm just wondering why the one is illegitimate whilst the other is legitimate from an objective stance.
WW3=  Tajik vs Kyrg,  Israel vs Iran,  Greek vs Turk,  Egypt vs Ethiopia, Russia vs NATO, China vs Taiwan, Armenia vs Azerbaijan
Russian isn’t going to use any nuclear weapons. It’s a bluff.  Putin is trying to save face for his most bellicose vassals-The ones who ultimately control his fate.  He’s doubling down instead of admitting defeat. The desperate gamble of a desperate dictator
I do not know what Putin is doing ....... but I would've done the same so far (if I knew what he knew) * 1) The NATO build up with the Azov wasn't funny..... I would know, I can't walk in and take over 2) He knew, it will take a long time, so he could get ready the economy and other countries as China. 3) I would show a little in the beginning. Moving towards Kiev, tying forces down and capture US technologies. Then borrow time to replicate them (in Siberia and China) 4) I would've advance slowly, cracking down the Azov and other bull fighters. 5) Knowing that I can't hold a 1000 km front line against 3X bigger army, and having poor supply routes, I would've plan retrait, where I want them to come. 6) I would have planned to call for partial mobilization, for I needed and supplies are ready (?)... and for forcing the second generation Ukr forces advancing too fast in the hurry, pulling their HIMARS behind them. 7) ....... Now this one we have to see..... I would bring forward hidden forces and technologies to surround them..... and take the spirit out of them.... It works best, when they believe, they are winning. After march for Kiev with plenty of force and little resistance. * The question is, is he a real chess player or that stupid as the West displays him? ... I doubt. * Else. There are no nukes, and he knows it. True, there are big bombs, few knows the chemistry. Still, they are heavy, for medium range only.
Wait they've taken Yampil?
What an idiot this man is... Yeah send alot of people to war that doesn't support you. That will surely go your way Putin...
Never be intimidated by Russia, or Russians. They're using your fear against you. Let they threaten by attacking NATO, or using nukes. They won't. In case they do, they would be annihilated in days, which of course they don't want to happen. So stay calm and push them back where they came from. They will need to suck it up eventually, no amount of falsified votings or threats will help.
5:25 they do that and they're fucked. Even with a tactical strike on Ukraine's forces,  every country in the UN will say: "Okay Vlad, that's enough, nuking is way too far. You have 48 hours to end this shitstorm or we all nuke you back"
Kkkkk biased reporting and analysis 🤨🤨
One thing I wonder about russia's nukes is, are they as poorly maintained as the rest of russia's stuff. Because I can easily see a russian general just taking the money for themselves thinking "when will these ever be used".
He won't be "all in" until ethnic Russians from Saint Petersburg and Moscow are conscripted.
Dumb question, why not just shell/bomb. Himar the railway to Luhansk?
This means war. Conquered territory (and even territory not held by Russia) are forced to vote on independence. And we all know the outcome of that vote already. Afterwards Putin will declare it all part of Russia and then he can use his nukes. It's the only card he has left. The Russian army can't win a ground campaign that much is clear. Question is now how the Americans will react. Will they allow Russia to whipe Ukraine from the map? Or will they join in knowing full well that means China will see chance to take Taiwan. Third option is that the USA will force Ukraine to give up their territory but the likelihood of that dependence on what hapens in the coming weeks. If millions of lives weren't at stake this would be all very exciting to follow..
WWIII will happen if Putin launch nuclear weapons on Ukrainian soil
Lol penalties for looting ?! He’s invaded another country and stolen their territory along with supplies like grain stores already. What a joke.
More cannon fodder for the meat grinder
I've got a good new name for your show.... "Chicken littles nuggets"
Fix your mic please! :o
Every half way smart young Russian (who isn't some oligarch's son or something like that!) will now leave, hell they already managed to crash the website of the Russian rail service because so many want tickets to leave and a lot of people booked flights for Turkey! Need to give Ukraine TANKS and aircraft NOW! They need to be ready (so trained in the use of the new equipment) by the time Putin sends his reserves so it becomes a quality against quantity battle (with modern western weapons ruining the advantage more - but poorly armed - troops give Putin!)...hope my own country (Germany - so led by someone who doesn't know what decisive action is...serioiusly, Sleepy Scholz is worse than Biden and that guy already gets next to nothing done -.-) finally gives Ukraine Leopard 2 Tanks from the Bundeswehr (we can replace them, Ukraine doesn't have that kind of time!)
All those who oppose Putin and his views should stay away from open windows to avoid an "accident" caused by the FSB.
Ok First you call the professionals Second, the reservist 3rd, conscripts, and along with them, third world war
Using nukes on Ukraine, at this stage, would be a brutally bad decision on Putin's part. Not only because the West would take this as a nuclear attack upon legitimate Ukrainian territory (in their eyes), but also wouldn't require much of a push to view it as a nuclear attack upon freedom itself. The US, especially, would be VERY FIRM in spelling this out to everyone. In short, Russia using nukes would basically be the end of Russia. Putin has to know this. He's crazy, but he's not an idiot. If he makes Russia a nuclear target for everybody else (which is what deploying nukes in Ukraine would essentially do) there goes all of his internal support. He'd be DONE as Russian president, after that.
If this doesn't motivate Russian civilians to revolutionize and rebel against Putin in large numbers of their 140 million population than I don't know what will.
Let me provide a clear warning.  IF NATO does not draw a very clear red line in the sand (such as "Any use of chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons in the war will be considered as an act of agression towards NATO and Europe"), then Putin will use them.  After he gets the false referendum passed and declares the controlled areas Russian Territory, and with the mobilization of reservists to "send into the meat grinder" as one person fleeing to Turkey said, any continued losses or setbacks will result in him using such weapons and claiming it was defensive.  I am warning you now if the leaders in the West do not have the backbone to set this line, he WILL cross it, as he is that desperate.  Just like the leaders of WWII who pushed and pushed with no one willing to stand up to them, he is the same evil model.
PUTIN IS GOING ALL IN IN BUT VERY SOON HIS GOING ALL OUT.....
Why is Putin trying to turn Moscow into radio active ash? Please stop the madness.!!
Everything is going as planned
another banger video from tldr 👏
So 200 days into vlad's 3 day 'special operation', to "liberate" Kyiv from invisible nazis, he has run out of army, to hold on to what was his already his, prior to his out burst of greed back in Feb.  His answer, to force an additional 300,000 untrained orks, into red shirts to use as canon fodder, against the Lions of Kyiv, and their righteous stand against godless invaders.  The people of Russia were okie doke with vlad's orks committing war crimes in Ukraine.  As long as it did involve them at home.  This winter... no training, no food, no ammo, no fuel, no ordinance, no winter gear and no hope.  The Rus will know the life of an ork and get to know winter at an intimate level, as their bodies are left unrecovered to rot on the battlefield yes?  Now that actual Russians will have to leave their comforts of a warm hearth and full bellies,  to go and accept a cold, hungry death in a foreign country, against their one time brothers and sisters, whose soul purpose in life now is the death of all vlad's orks... things will become real with a precise clarity, that their only purpose for being Rus is to fulfill vlad's bloodlust.  The Russian people allowed their leader to start an unjust war against a peaceful nation, where vlad was not welcome.  And after just 6 months.... they are now being marshalled as a peasant army to go die for their lord and saviour vlad.  Knowing each of their deaths will be cheered by the world, how many weeks before vlad runs out of this 300,000 Rus and requires more Rus to spill their blood in Ukraine for his pleasure.
So really I am nitpicking here, but if we do not want to end with a nuclear holocaust, we must keep our reasoning sound. From 6:15 the argument is made that the decision of mobilisation is admitting that it is really a full on war instead of a military operation as Moscow insisted so far. However, you can also make the argument that it indeed was a special operation (hence no extra mobilisation) _so far_ and that it is now turning into a full scale war, which indeed needs approval of the Douma. This second reasoning is also more in line with the reluctance (until a few days back) to bomb civilian infrastructure (when not used as a place to station military).  If we do not _understand_ the structure of reasoning that Putin uses - understanding is not agreeing because no one should condone an invasion - we should also not pretend do and simplify everything as "he wanted WW3 from the start". I see that way to much and that will indeed bring about WW3. Understanding, even without agreeing, is the only way to stop wars.
Russia has been using Soviet Russian Weapons for must of this. People need to wake TFU & realize, Do not listen to main stream networks because, Russia could easily take Ukraine, & I am against Putin's actions 110%, And know this will not end well for all of us.
Need to look at the balance of mobilized forces as they become available. They will meed the right mix of logistics units. More people in an absolute sense means more bottlenecks. If they have enough tanks to abandon, they need more fuel trucks and truck drivers and heavy equipment recovery vehicles, etc.
Your microphone gain is too high,  there is a distortion in the sound at times
Oral diarrhoea at best
By the time finishes with what he wants to do, the ratio of women to men in. Ukraine and Russia will be, 5 women to 11
So back to human wave doctrine.
This mass mobilization is a win-win for us. Because it can only have one of two results. Either Putin overthrown by a Russian mob that won't stand for this bullshit, or heaps and heaps of dead Russian bodies. Either outcome is just fine and dandy in my book!
Russia tried to play nice and now they are reaping the consequences.
Russia is losing. Hahahaha
The german mainstream media wrote about that russia is retreating and usually they are no pro russia. They wrote there were no battles won. They jsut went in and recapttured the terrority.
quite an army, they can't even take out the ukraines! we would take out russia in 2 weeks!
You  must have one too many horse manure for dinner  !!!
So Putin is going to have an illegitimate election to "officially" claim territory that they just stole from the Ukrainians. What a maniacal joker.
Russia should also know that blackmailing attempt with nukes simply cannot let succeed. What a precontext would it be? Let alone for imperialistic purpose. No way. Let it be then ww3   but it would come eventually anyway becouse of russia. It might aswell start now, but nonfor russian demands to expand and annex
I'm glad you seemed to stay more neutral in this one because no matter the topic if you claim to be neutral news then be neutral!
Ukraine should handle these secessionists in the same manner the US did with the confederates.
you know when Russia is losing when a poor 3rd world country like North korea had to offer them help.
> All in > Reservist / Prisoner drafties Got it, so scared...
Gonna be interesting to see how much the Russian people support this. I gotta feeling Putin is already thinking he might have to use tactical nukes and hope to blackmail. Very dangerous situation to say the least  He seems to be setting everything up for a weapon of mass destruction use  I literally just said yesterday that he was going to have to mobilize or use a small nuke. 🤷🤦 He's done one already. I think it's either they win with artillery or they win with nukes in Putins eyes. He seems determined and already to have made his decisions. I don't think he is bluffing. And I don't think he means nuking Europe first. I think he means he will nuke Ukraine before he does full mobilization and if he has too he will further escalate should nato or the us respond. My simple mind anyway. Idk, jmo
So Russia Chooses Death.
Just formally declare war already. The lack of formality is rude, everyone must be ver upset, little Putin.
This guy is brainwashed and this is copium. Russia smoked the ukreich army TWICE already. They are now fighting the third NATO build Ukreich army since February.  Anyone that believes Russia is "loosing" and "demoralized" is a brainwashed hack
why mobilize?  I thought he didn't take any losses and was winning
So how does "neither of the opponents being in control of an area" make "a referendum by people living in an area" _illegitimate?_ This is a very weak argument from a logical perspective, that is just accepted as truth. Naturally, it would be utterly dangerous for the people in those areas and those of  international organisations that verify that the execution of the referendum is proper? But that is not an argument to make it _illegitimate._, on whatever side you are.
More meat for the meatgrinder. Though it's more than likely a fat bluff
one maniac man in the Kremlin can not and should not decide the fate of Russian people  it's far beyond the unjust war in Ukraine !
Sheesh. Putin has been threatening nuclear weapons since the beginning. Regardless of what Putin wants, the rest of his cabal don't want to die on this sword.
Sure, add another 300k men who've been trained for all of a month against veteran forces who have been fighting since February, some since 2014. Let's see how that works out. 300 000 soldiers with low supplies, useless weaponry and no individual motivation to fight. God help those poor boys, but God save Ukraine.
Video on swedish election?
Stop shouting in the mic.
I believe some thing out of mankind.Europe are  christian countries.Turn bible to last chapter Time has come..
im really not fan of Russia but western media only tell people what they want to beleave, i have causin in Ukraine, so he showed me some videos about your training front for European weaponry, there is no bad guy here, think about this, you come to power, order your soldiers and police to fck around any citizen that is not native ukrainian, you start rebelion, then naturaly cautry natural to that people will answer, then Ukraine call that invasion, go read something before 2022 you will learn how bad Ukrainian liadership realy is, double standards are shown all over the world, west is not world people, west is not freedom, west is slavery, think about how in Iran people dont pay for gas and you do, think about medical bills you pay in US and most of Turkey dont think how free you are realy? and Ukraine is just playgound and testing site for west classic they don't give a damn about those poor people
maisntream bs
Him declaring is already a partial mobilization defeat on his part.
Funny how Russians can allow the greed of Oligarchs like Putin to send their people out to be killed for GREED. Ukraine simply defending their country.
HOW ABOut not yelling into the microphone
They will never have the logistics to do this
Bluff or not, russia is goin down. Even an all out nuclear exchange w/ the west russia will be send to stone age. After the armageddon better let all russia provinces declare their independence & eventually putin will be burning in hell
нет, диктатор Путин. остановись со всей этой ложью, которую ты придумываешь. Развязанная вами агрессивная война в Украине идет не по плану, как вы утверждаете. Зачем вам мобилизовывать 300 000 молодых солдат и отправлять их на смерть, когда все идет по плану? Вы слабый, жалкий и маленький человек, который тянет Россию в канаву. Это только ваша вина, перестаньте обвинять запад, НАТО или всех остальных. Прекратите угрожать ядерным оружием, да вы единственный, кто это делает. Если ты будешь таким глупым, Россия исчезнет раньше, чем ты успеешь попрощаться. ВЫ давно проиграли войну на Украине. Вы настраиваете людей против себя, когда еще больше людей возвращаются домой в гробах.
It's fun and all, but why youtube creators are so lazy when it comes to looking up how to pronounce city names, seriously? it's one google search away. And there are websites specialized on how to pronounce words.
It would be nice if Putin were around long enough to see Russia completely kicked out of Ukraine, but it looks like the Russians have had enough of his insanity and don't want him around anymore.
Bleed Russia beyond collapse into rubble
The Partial Mobilisation only shows, how desperate Putin is. I mean, he alsways claimed the invasion to be a "Special military operation" not a full-scale war. His current actions (if not allready happened) prove him to be a liar. Not only in the world but also in Russia itself.
Are the Russians really going to allow themselves to be forcibly conscripted? Are Russians even aware of the number of casualties? Like sheep to the slaughter.  It's so sad that they just go along with it.  At least put up a fight before they drag you away to your death ..
Winter war 2.0 coming. We all know how that ended.
Putin is a deluded poker player. Was winning in 2014, then goes all-in 2022 only to lose everything he previously won. Which is a good thing.
Putin- mobilises 300,000 reservist put of a reserved of 2.5 millions to make them combat ready after NATO's increased troops and weapons in Ukraine TLDR News- Putin mobilises ENTIRE Russian army as they are losing.  Yeah.. right.
That only works ..if you've lost everything !! ...and this isn't 1944 "".the Russian people  will not fight  .for a pointless war !! ...especially one .that was only meant to last 5 days !!! ..... the English people had no say in the Iraq war ...as did the Russian people """ ...they are not stupid ..they know ..but what can they really do "" !!! ...the world can't blame the people of Russia for this war ...they are the ones who can stop it !!!! ..
Setting thousands of criminals free 100 kilometer from the Russian border and handing them lots of heavy military weapons...  Great idea - what could go wrong??
I feel like Russia is saving it's best men and weapons for NATO and is sending random kids and prisoners in Ukraine, however that's not gonna cut it. Either they start going all in, either they are gonna continue getting their asses kicked.. Best case scenario they give up and no more innocent people die, but it's highly unlikely.
WW3 . Will not do good to anyone
The real key here is the referenda.  Even if the vote is rigged or dishonest, Russia can claim those territories and present itself as serving the will of those citizens.  They can then legitimate any degree of force to protect those usurped territories.  That spells danger, because we all know how those referenda will turn out.
You know it’s going shit when you get aid of North Korea
It was 300.000 not 2.500.000...
send this cuck journalist to the front, I'm sure he will survive long...
Putler is losing and he want to sacrifice more Russians... Russians love the meat grinder lifestyle
I am russian. If I get mobilized and get a gun, I will shoot myself.
Putin's outlook and personality are completely geared to the philosophy that the way to get what you want in this world is to go all out, grab it, take it by force, bully, intimidate, terrorize, smear anyone who opposes you in any way, for any reason. He thinks that he must be the toughest one, the fastest gun, the most ruthless.  He will get ever more drastic and dramatic until someone gets to him physically and takes him out, which is what the world needs, in spite of the dangers.  His "philosophy" needs to be shown wrong, at all costs, because his philosophy is spreading all over world.  The world needs to see that the path to survival is not based on excelling in aggression, but in cooperation.
A Ukrainian commander welcomed Russian mobilisation because it will destroy Russia faster.
This is a sign of desperation. Very significant that the broadcast was delayed multiple times. Putin's grip (on either power or reality) may not be as secure as he would like the world to believe. This 'mobilization' is the beginning of the end, whatever that turns out to be, and no matter how brutal.
russia is like a bum that come to your house dining room with grenade and threaten to let it off if you to expel him: bum terrorist.
Russia literally has the biggest worst shity unprepared military in the world. Just a giant rusty ball of rolling unmotivated shit. Don't even call them a top 5 military.
More fertilizer for the Ukrainians soil!
Commenting 4 algorithm
this "partial mobilization" is too little, too late. It will take weeks to get the notices out to those being called-up, then they have to actually report to a  recruitment center. That will take weeks by itself. Any "troops" they get through this will also take some time to actually provide a modicum of refresher-training to. They also have to equip them, and considering how poorly-equipped the troops they have in Ukraine now are, this won't be very well at all. Not to mention these troops are coming in to the war knowing how badly it's going, so their morale isn't the best. Russia is looking at probably 6 to 8 weeks, minimum, before they have the first batch of cannon-fodder ready for the grinder. The use of nuclear weapons is a bluff. They can't afford the backlash that would result from first-use, and unless they plan to nuke a major city, nukes are pretty useless in this war. Ukrainian troops are generally too dispersed on the battlefield to cause significant casualties among military formations. Nukes are a political weapon, not a battlefield one, and even the threat of using them shows that Putin knows he's already lost. The changes in Russian laws are more worrying than what Putin said. Making it a crime to surrender is ridiculous, and ignores battlefield realities. It will result in many more Russian dead, and a further reduction in discipline. The reserve units that really don't want to be in the war will also require security to ensure they don't simply withdraw in the face of an enemy attack. Something like the NKVD of WW2 fame. That's a huge amount of security just to keep your own army in the frontline, with all the manpower that could have been used better elsewhere being squandered. And there is still no indication that Russia has figured out it's logistics yet. They have no solutions to one of the most basic problems a military can have. Being unable to adequately your troops in theatre, promptly, with everything they need, is a constant drain on morale. The Russians need to sort out supply before they can actually use millions of troops. Once again, assuming they can even equip that many.
As soon as putin fires a nuclear weapon, Russia will be wiped off the face of the earth by Nukes from the UK and US
Imagine the immense joy those Putin trolls will feel when they receive their call up papers for their new home in a trench on the front line. Maybe Vlad will conscript himself?
Putin goes all in with a pair of twos.........the west calls with a royal flush
Russia has gone from a lion to a skunk. At this point it's not about winning anymore, but showing everyone that being in a conflict with Russia is a bitter pill, whatever the outcome.
Bah!  Ukraine has already attacked "Russian soil" with the bombings in Crimea.  Just because Russia says it's theirs doesn't make it so.  More evidence of the Kremlin's criminal mindset.  A nation controlled by armed robbers, murderers and thugs.
Imagine how expensive and hard is going to be to maintain all those mans, Russia better step up the logistics first or those soldiers will starve
If they launch a single nuke anywhere in the world outside their territory, that is the end of Russia as we know it, and the end of Putin. If the people/military of Russia don't get to him first, the international community will. It will no longer be just sanctions at that point.
Idiot russia!! 😂😂😂
Ah yes nothing says that the situation is under control and nothing inspires moral more than buying arms from North Korea and recruiting in prison camps.  Volunteers are known for alcoholism and looting, I wonder how people conscripted against their will would fare?  This is how much the Russian state cares about the lives of its people. It’s insane.
You have made a mistake, the partial mobilisation only includes 300.000 troops (at least that's what I read everywhere else I looked).
Sending thousands more to die rather than admit hes a failure
You are not explaining to the reason why of this it is because Russia is fightintg NATO through Ukraine, that is the reason why and get prepared to get your asses handed to you pretty soon. War are not won by propaganda but in the field, be prepared
We have to teach him more lesson. Let's us go to war.
Will make no difference whatsovever. If putin really wanted to throw a nuclear bomb, he would have done it by now
It will take weeks/monts for these guys to be able to join in the fight.
HAR KEEV NOT KAR KEEV ffs
battalions of drunk looters are about to invade Ukraine armed only with VRD (vodka ready to drink) kits
Penalties for surrendering is just dumb. What is this, imperial Japan? Sometimes men have to surrender.
Putins days are short and numbered.  Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦
threats of nuclear strikes only works if the enemy has no nuclear weapons. If a nuclear war occurs Putin wont go down in history...because there will be no history to tell after his people and the world get blown to bits. Besides he is committing political suicide on a country and worldwide stage...even his ally China is not happy...Putin will wind up isolating Russia and its citizens for years to come
Because a loser a losing and throwing conscripts will just make it worse
How can you say that Russia has no equipment but are willing to give lots of equipment to any volunteers? Pure hypocracy. Yes your right theres not much people who want to fight a CIA trained army and possibly NATO troops involved who claim to be "foreign volunteers", so Russia has to bring them all in. All former service men that is
Putin is still playing stupid games to win stupid prizes. He knew he cannot openly say mass mobilization, so he eases his ppl into it, by first doing a half measure, to only later on go all the way if needed. pretty much all of these things he does lately seem like something a dimwitted child, angry at their playground mates, would say.
Amateurs talk strategy, Professional talk logistic.  I add , Idiots talk manpower.   Putin is ignoring that he has already stretched logistics.   He has no hope for tactical advances.  So he is down to manpower numbers.
The fun is they will reach their existential threat threshold soon. We can then expect some validation of whether their weapons of mass destruction are just duds and fakes. What better place to prove their worth. The very origin of WMD ie  UK, EU and probably US and Alaska. Wonder what China would do opportunistically then. Humans are funny egotistic suicidal critters.
the threat of using nuclear weapons is just a bluff, they been saying that for ages but Ukraine has been attacking Belgorod and Crimea for a long time already and nothing happened so far, plus Putin knows that he's got no chance in a nuclear war  💩
More Orcs is it?  Well how many Orcs ya got, Puddin'?  Because I have HIMARS rounds for daaaayyyssss.....
So the referendums are illegal because Russia does NOT control the entire regions?? So if they DID control the entire regions it would be legit??? Wtf
Don’t underestimate Russia… fools.
major weapons manufacturers must be euphoric
They still have time to leave Russia, if they don't take advantage of it, the lives of these men will depend on a whim.
I was hoping for an update on the proxy war. hope all the corporate profits are going well.
Do you need such a big mic?  What about a small clip on like TV stars?  We could see you better
God is In Control.
Ukraine has already attacked targets on the Russian territory, so I doubt that Russia declaring new territory its will, somehow, change anything.
Still ignoring the genocide in Don bass I see
If Russia does end up using nukes I hope to God all of NATO and the EU mobilizes against them.
Ah yes penal battalions are back but as mercenaries now.
"Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make..." - Lord Farquaad
trash propaganda
Imagine if Ukraine suddenly said ''We DO have 2 nukes left''.
Hey people please feel free to vote if you want to join russia don't mind the 100 tanks and 10000 infantry surrounding you. Vote to your heart's content.
What's happening?!?!?  Russia is getting their a r $ e kicked, that's whats happening! >:)  USA! 🇺🇲 USA! 🇺🇲 USA! 🇺🇲
Right, and destroying military bases and sites in Crimea somehow does not constitute "an attack on the Russian motherland". How do Russian leaders square all their contradictions with actual logic?
It would be such a shame if thousands of Russians who are disgruntled with Putin's fascist, imperialist regime would suddenly get access to the armory
Who the hell is this Geek .
USA AND NATO FORCES DESTROYED IRAQ, SYRIA, AFGHANISTAN THAT TIME NOBODY SPEAKED ABOUT IT. NOW EUROPE and USA are Crying as a Crocodile tears for Ukraine
I still doubt that Russia will use nukes in Ukraine. And especially not targeted on NATO territory.  Even if Ukraine is not part of NATO, I personally believe that it is likely that NATO would intervene in Ukraine if Nukes would be used. It is not impossible to frame a nuklear attack on Ukraine as a nuklear attack of NATO.  Nuclear fallout and other effects of nukes would spread across borders and hence could be framed as a attack on NATO. I would also assume in the case of a nuklear attack on Ukraine, general support for NATO intervention in Ukraine would be relatively high. And well, if Putin would be stupid enough to nuke NATO, he would certainly get (not necessarily a nuclear) a swift response.
Watched his speech. So paranoid and delusional it reminded me of a certain Austro-Hungarian that overthrew the Weimar Republic.
I guarantee on that it is Putin's last war event and his life will be done very soon. Adios amigo.
Putin  new Hitler  ✋️🇭🇹
ALL IN???? Am I brain dead or partial doesnt mean FULL?? bitch
Fine. Let him nuke us.  If we as a species actually gave someone the power to destroy the world then so be it. We deserve to go extinct at that point.
I don't know what's up but the sound is unbearably annoying. So are the cuts
Strange microphone action, quick bursts of loud voice then quieter, not easy to listen to.
I don’t think there’s much cause to think attacks on the Donbas will make for nuclear attacks. Shots on Belgorod and Crimea haven’t led to it. I don’t think Putin has the power to end the world. Despite all his power as tyrant, I really don’t think those surrounding him will let him pull the trigger on it.
Might be time to break the power grid, hopefully putin starts Armageddon. Lot of terrible people need gone
damn i didnt know he had 150 political power
Everytime enjoy superpower of brainwashing by TLDR. Another news from wonderland
Ukraine needs to "acquire" nuclear weapons ASAP...
How is this not further evidence to Russians that Putin just sees them as cannon fodder?  They can send ALL Russians, but they don't have a way of making more weapons - so they'll be sending them empty handed.
This might be one of the funniest ones you made. It's insane lie after insane lie. Never had such a good laugh.
Putin is like Pennywise. He only has real power over you, if you fear him. The world and especially the russians need to understand this.
holding an referendum when all sane people left the regions and only brainwashed pro russians stayed is convenient to say the least haha
Good. More for Himars to slaughter.
Mobilization not mobilisation
Russia is getting desperate for them to win the war.
Go over the border in land and hit targets and disrupt the flow of the weapons 3 Man demolition squad's hundreds of them at night fully armed with drones dressed up as civilians or solders , and destroy the infrastructure bridges gas water oil
I don't understand why is this a big deal. Putin spent 150 pp to go from "volunteer only" to "limited conscription". I do it all the time.
If I had £1 for every time Putin made a nuclear threat I'd be able to retire by now.
Wherever you see a video from where the Russian Army was camped at you see garbage...there is no order Putin thinks he can muster a lot of fighters and throw them at the Ukraines like Braveheart movie.... virtually no air support which you need if you want to scatter and defeat your enemy... Putin is only going to make the masses madder when he says UNCLE....... SANCTIONS will have their country living like cave people.....it's senseless they over there need to take the step or steps to cut his hair supply off it just isn't going to happen like he said
We should start throwing Molotov cocktail on Kremlin building and National Republican Army Rise up and revolt against Putin.
This video is so low in information value. I just hear what someone else wants me to hear. So little information and all is so vide and not precise. Well that's west propaganda for ya. No information but only because I said so.
Thanks TTFN
Poutine reminds me  STALINE
couple channels for you, if you want to learn more from the finest minds on YT   - Vlad Vexler & Perun.   Both absolute gold, highly recommend <3  edit - imho, based on much smarter peoples analysis of the situation than me; the issue that we are seeing play out on the battlefield is mainly the corruption. We all know Russia is corrupt, but i dont think anyone knew it was this bad outside of Russia. It doesnt really show until there is a war apparently, as there is always a way to keep the illusion up for another day if not. But when its time to fight, you really need to be efficient and you need to know what material your working with, id imagine its impossible to even plan a decent attack as you have no idea whats actually ready! Corruption will take your armed forces down quicker than any opposing force could dream of. It deteriorates everything and seeps into every facet of your forces, especially moral... which we seem to be seeing here.  If you wanna know exactly how and why, please watch "How Corruption Destroys Armies - Theft, Graft, and Russian failure in Ukraine" - On the YouTube channel "Perun" you wont be disappointed!!
Bomb Crimea Bridge, destroy railways with IED with trains on them, use water drones to destroy bridges funneling the orcs into a kill zone, and patrol the rivers  for pontoon bridges.
sorry guys who root for Russia, but those reservists will rather start a mutiny than go to fight in Ukraine. had they wanted to fight, had they believed in this "special military operation," they have already joined the army. this will accelerate the collapse of Putin regime, not bring the victory home.
Now is the time for the West to send long range missiles to Ukraine. If the allies had stopped the nazis after they started rebuilding their forces and moved into the Rhineland WW2 would have never happened. We must stop Russian NOW....
Nuclear is now an option to finish the war fast, like USA in Japan
Its going to be a blood bath, 60K dead Russian and double that number of wounded. And that's not enough for Putin? So be it! After they voted for this guy so all Russians deserves what coming next.
More talk talk about nukes if he can't have his way he'll use them spoilt brat
If Russia wants to play that game, then the EU should encourage Kaliningrad to hold a referendum on independence.
I recall reading about a military psychology study back in the 1970's in which researchers identified some kind of saturation point at which adding more bodies to an active conflict has the opposite effect you would hope. That makes sense if you think about it. You aren't going to shore up a front by adding untrained, inexperienced conscripts to a front consisting of fleeing, demoralized, and horrifically injured veterans. The considerable logistical issues aside, I am not seeing this really working out for the Russians from a psychology of battle standpoint.  It is pretty clear that Putin is trying to manufacture the psychology of existential threat. He wants to artificially create the mindset of the USSR in 1942, but the facts in evidence make a mockery of it. He was the one who perpetrated this unprovoked invasion. He's the one slaughtering civilians. He's the one kidnapping children and sending them to faraway reeducation camps. This "referendum" is his attempt to put a thin veneer of legitimacy to the lie that he is the victim here. Ironically, his 20 year reign of terror in which he punished anyone with a strong opinion about.... well, anything is now working against him. He has a population of slackers who have quietly quit citizenship entirely and couldn't care less about a national existential threat.
Russians are attacking - how many russian attack? - 2.5 million! - OMG where we burry them, we dont have so many graves!
Putin, following a step-by-step formula Columbus and some of his imperialist forebears also followed. 1. Get some countrymen to move to a place and live more or less peacefully among the locals 2. Once there are a lot of em, declare the area to be part of your country.  3. When the inevitable dispute arises, scream that your citizens are being attacked within your country's own borders.
Old iranian drones... Because drones was invented in 1945
Oh yes. Mobilize for a “special military operation.” That makes sense.
I genuinely wonder what’s the breaking point of the Russian people. The Russian Empire fell due to years of war/stagnation and an incompetent government. The Soviets collapsed (albeit pretty peacefully) due to years of stagnation and “radical” reforms of the government.  Can’t wait to see what Autocrat takes over Russia in the next coming debate (if the Russian people stopped be complicit to their current autocrat of course).
I just know and believe that Russia will win. We had to mobilize from the very beginning. The length of the front is 1500 km and how can 200,000 people cover such a distance? Now the error will be corrected. Ukrainian Nazis and mercenaries, rabble from all countries will be killed. Russia, as always, alone against the hordes of dogs of the globalists. Well, nothing could be worse.
Putin needs to go. The old guy has lost his mind. He and Donald Trump need to sit down by the pond and argue about the terrible kids ruining things, and leave the rest of us to run the world.
Ukraine is being led into an indefensible postion.
So, basically Putin is setting up a straw-man argument to justify the use of nukes then.
The people seeking a referendum to join Russia have decided and declared that they desire to align themselves with a regime that has proven itself to be capable of vicious destruction and cruel prejudice against people who have neither the intent nor the impulse to take advantage of them on any level, Putin is now effectively saying that Ukraine has launched an unprovoked attack on Russian annexed territories, that Russia's interests are being violated and that the West is twisting the Nuclear narrative to "blackmail" Russia, the man is seriously demented, the bald faced lying and blatant twisting of what every thinking person on the Planet can see for themselves to be the facts, just beggars belief, the very things that he is pointing the finger at and blaming the West for, are actually problems that he instigated, the very issues that he is complaining about have become manifest through his own actions, his rationale is utterly ludicrous, just absurd, it's like an imbicile kicking over a bucket of shit and then complaining about the stink and saying "look what you made me do" and as he's slipping over in it, claims that someone pushed him and that's why the shit is everywhere so he will have to take action.
Putin = Hitler !
If the west is smart, they just offer amnesty and EU citizenship to any russian soldier/conscript that surrenders. Watch the orc armies melt away.
Oh, it's simple: the time of "take it easy" is over.  It's time for "kill or he killed". Hope you guys are happy? Whatever/whoever told you Ukraine can stand Russia without the help of the West called you a fool!! The West have a choice here: "send down troops to fight alongside Ukraine OR sit and watch everything burn down". Let's see how virtuous they are.
The level of delusion and willful ignorance on neolib channels is astonishing and scary at the same time.  America is full blown suicidal and genocidal at the same time.  It's a death cult.
People who think Russia is losing. Maybe they not paying attention to the map of Ukraine. All Russia speaking areas bordering Russia under Their control. Most sea areas ports under Russia where they supplying cheap petroleum products wheat etc. Earning mega profits because its all Ukrainian while saving all their resources for future economic wars. Strengthened their hold on Crimea. In the first weeks while a decoy convoy consisted of old tanks vehicles without artillery or rocket launchers headed for the Capital and the media was celebrating a 20 mile hold up Putin took over the Nuclear plants because he had intelligence something big was happening there. Took them over done what had to be done and handed them back. Worst of all the poor Ukrainian people and their country is being destroyed while NATO says we will give you weapons but no boots on the ground only Ukrainian are allowed to be killed. The Comedian President while having is bank balance topped up gets a adrenaline rush with standing ovations.
that is the most corrupt and unjust way to do it. Aka the russian way
Putin is not all in. Not even close.
Isaiah 33:1. Zechariah 5:1-4 Russia is doomed. Scriptures are self explanatory. Thanks Jesus.
LGBT west logic:Russia with 120k soldiers control 20%of Ukraine but somehow Ukraine wins,Russia adds onother 300k soldiers so Russia is losing the war 100% 🥴
The Jewish leader Zelensky said he wanted to turn ukraine into israel 2.0 and we all know what that means Zelensky must be stopped and the sooner the better
Funny that Putin decided to announce this on global Alzheimer's awareness day
Means there will be a full mobilization?
"special operations". putin: we will use nukes. call of duty Modern warfare 2 players: tatical nuke ready to drop.
If Putin nukes Ukraine, which is looking more and more likely, he will blame the West in general and the US in particular for not letting him have his way in Ukraine. My bet is that this is the same fate awaiting Taiwan, with Xi adopting a similar tone to Putin and again laying the blame on the West. This is akin to a person guilty of killing a family and blaming their neighbors for preventing them from robbing the family and taking their house.  This rapid mobilization of such a small force is looking like a tripwire of sorts.
Putin does realize that nukes are effectively useless in the grand scheme of things right?  Thanks to mutually assured destruction and the long term fallout of nuclear radiation and destruction, actually using a nuke as anything more than a tool in a political military dick-waving contest is suicidal for your country, surrounding countries, and the planet as a whole.  Nukes don't really deter or end wars, they just cause the extinction of the species that inflicts war.
Everything about thus debacle proves how much russia and putin are stuck in ww2 , ww2 tactics,  ww2 mindset , ww2 equipment... and now that they are getting their arses kicked , ww2 problem solving: "throw more bodies at it"
Not all in.  That will be full mobilization.
What aload of crap
I mean they have been having problems supplying a small army, an army 300,000- 2,000,000 strong? Not sure but maybe they will manage it I just hope they don't
its putin trying real hard to salvage an ongoing DEFEAT... while pushing for secession in occupied zones so he can claim Ukraine is attacking russia when they try to retake territory. Imagine that, russia crybullying that they are the ones being attacked while their "special operations" still go on
The West should up the ante by now, since Ruzzia will be treating the annexed territories as theirs. The time has come to supply Ukraine with long range missiles.
Putin should atleast double the 300k and just overwhelm the terrorist regime in kiev
Putin thinks sending in reservist will help?  what a clown.  he better hope his nukes work, and that is a big question cus I doubt they have been maintained well enough to operate as expected.  as far as I can tell russia needs a major injection of freedom...
do you really believe your own rhetoric
Did you forget it was Russia who liberated Europe? What is wrong with people like you. Do you want more people to die. You didn’t even mention peace talks. 😡
Time to flatten anywhere that they can use to have polling stations and make it too risky to go out and vote. Not that it'll be a real referendum anyway and won't be legal or recognised.  Regarding the new troops coming, wait for them to come flooding in on stellite photo's and then hit them hard with every HIMARS and long-range shell available at the same time. The ones that survive will hopefully sh** themselves and run all the way back to their mummy. Slava Ukraini.
Putin just spent 150 political power to go from volunteer only to limited conscription.
Where is Russia going to get so much money to fund a mobilization even if it is "partial?" Where is Putin going to get spare parts from? How long are they going to train the new conscripts? It can take a long time, even longer to train an effective army. How is he going to purchase supplies, equipment, food, barracks, uniforms, additional tanks, etc? Is he insane?! Hitler was the same way, INSANE! Someone hold the door for him. He is on his way out!  In the meantime, we in the United States need to continue to supply Ukraine with the most technological weapons, military equipment, and supplies. We need to step it up. Putin and his cronies know damn well that using nucs is not an option. It would mean they are all dead...PERIOD! He is like a baby crying for not getting his way.
I feel the need to remind people that the 1917 February revolution actually started because Russian soldiers mutinied and refused to be sent to their deaths in battle.
And what will these 300K conscripted civilians use to fight with? They will be slaughtered, they are no match for the seasoned Ukrainian soldiers. If Putin attempts to use nukes, he will have to gamble on the winds direction and NATO's resolve. Checkmate Mr Putin.
those areas that are left are russian controlled and a referendum means it ain’t going to be a fair one ,and the announcement of the referendum is coincidentally couple of days after the big loses in kharkiv ,that referendum is nothing but a delay tactic to give time for those mobilization troops in russia to replenish the ranks of the depleted russian army
Putin is going to the HELL! HAHAHA💥 GO GO GO!
5:04 Why does Putin still use landline phones from the 1980s? Is this guy stuck in a Soviet mindset?
300,000 more orcs into the meat grinder can’t be a bad thing
Go Russia go
Lyman: The first syllable is pronounced like the beginning of 'limit' (not like 'lie').
I can’t recall anyone threatening Poots with nuclear destruction,but I do know this ; stop threatening people, Mr Putin , or somebody is going to slap you , — hard. Wise - up ,and fast and although it is obviously difficult for you , try acting like the statesman you’re supposed to be
so we need to double the shipments to ukraine and give them even more antiair and antimissile equipment
its been said that mobilization is partial but the document does not say about it. Its full mobilization
“Downhill” “going badly” what is wrong with you people. Clearly you want war and think it’s amusing to lie and push Russia even more than NATO did. Hope the first bombs land on your houses and not mine.
Probably a good time to move on Moscow , only 2 old women and a dog there at the moment , easy job !
If the referenda in the territory claimed by Russia votes in favour of joining the Federation, then it's a game changer. The SMO will be over and it will be full on war.
And if that doesn't go as planned for Putin, guess what he might have to do?  Ask for the CCP to send some PLA troops into Ukraine, to help harden the soldiers for their own future military campaigns.
Lets move more hi tech missile systems to the russian border mass formation at its finest . All this for the banking profit scam.........money for nothing schemer skimmer turds
So, this is not really an impartial analysis but a one-sided gibrish?
as a college student in russia, i am extremely scared rn 😢
Let's not forget that it usually takes over 6 months to mobilize a large invasion force (the Russians had been doing "exercises" for about 10 months prior to the invasion). The question is, can Russian conscripts actually arrive in Ukraine soon enough to matter?
Turn off face cam
Prediction: Putin winds up getting found wandering around Tajikistan with the words "POOR IMPULSE CONTROL" tattooed on his head.
How biased are you?  Yes
Oh crap
If he uses nukes he's a deadman, period. And considering most (all) dictators are paper tigers to begin with, he won't use nukes.
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Seriously why does humanity still consider it a great idea to have a "leader, " running an entire country, moreso anyone following orders to go kill someone else becasue our, "leader, " said so? I understand having to defend your country, but to be in an army, and knowling, and willingly set off to envade another land knowing it's some BS thing to do and still go...then you're a POS. If you're commiting war crimes, that's even worse! If I'm a foot soldier and I see children being killed I'm not participating just cause everyone else is doing it, I'm trying to kill each MFer that's doing a dispicable act in front of me becasue I cannot just stand by and see that shit happen. I don't understand why Russians are just following along, and allowing atrocities to happen when they can do something about it...I'm sure there are more good Russians than bad, now is the time to step up and fight for your freedom!
Would like to put things in to perspective... Ukraine is 600.000 km2 "Russia" are holding 120.000 Km2 "Ukraine have retaken" 1000 Km2 that IS LESS than 1% of territory lost And this is "a great defeat" for Russia and "a great victory" for Ukraine... Lossing 120.000 km2 and retaking 1000 km2 OF NO CONSEQUENCE still equates to... Ukraine is losing BIG TIME. Well at least if you have a brain.  Similar would be if the UK called Dunkirk A GREAT VICTORY (Which they did) Not everybody got killed HOORAY "We Won"
I have nebuella and I don't think i'll keep it, I actually miss the comment section and being able to respond to your videos. Which leads me to ask where does the 2.5 million number come from ? Putin and all US news outlets said it's only 300,000.
Putin trying to thin out the Russian male population
Russia has 1mln army and 3mln reserves. Before today it was 100 000 used in SMO. which is 10% of actual army. Now it would be 400 000. which means 40% of actual army. or ~10% of all serviceman. All-in for Rusia is 30 000 000.  so, for today its ~1% of All-in. if 100k takes 25% of Ua territory, and it takes 6mnts to first time stike back, well, you can easy count by yourself what happens next  US used in Iraq war ~300 000 men opposing ~350 000 Iraq  Ua forces are about 600 000 against 100 000 Ru till now
This could be a good thing for Ukraine, as Putin digs himself deeper in his own hole.
The thing that makes me suffer the most is that he’s blaming us (the West) for bringing russia to war. That’s such a lie , I can’t believe people are going to die for this bullshit
Putin's plan seem to be to drown the Ukrainian's in the blood of Russian Army. Not a top notch plan. Especially if you are a Russian soldier.
damn Putin whatever happened there
Another mouth piece for the Western propaganda, I know the reporter needs to provide food for his family and his mistresses. But please, stop with the drum beats and victory trumpets, not over until Putin say so. I guess all these "hoohas" will only get you one death experience winters for the average Joes of EU.
PUTIN IS JUST BLUFING LOL
He's not going all in.. He's hiding in his bunker. What He's actually doing is taking away more Russians mothers sons and husband's and inturn Offering them all free tickets aboard Ukraine " Meat trains" so kind of him...
i love hoi4
Well done Putin 👍👍👍👍
Sex is only for procreation, just as anus, which is not a sexual part, is for defecation. Do not copy the animals, as they have been contaminated by perverted humans for a long time. Stop buying malice stimulators, and with the money buy perfumes and dresses for your wife, and Bibles for your children.
The West should get going and get stuff in there for more territorial gains before any of this materializes!
Putin must be completely retarded funny thing is that he dont learn from history and most probably 1 of his own will take him out.
Good! Nuke the nazis! Make the North Atlantic TERRORIST Organization fanboys sad!
Is Putin retarted? This is the new century war with long-range weapons and drones. Human quantity doesnt matter much. He still thinks maybe this is the WW2 when soviets just overwhelmed germans with cannon fodder. For HIMARS, 10 or 100 soldiers is all the same
Adversary's/Almighty's Agenda: Man's Dateline---- Step 1: Mandates Step 2: Rapture Step 3: Antichrist Step 4: Destruction Step 5: Second Coming Step 6: Judgment Step 7: Re-Creation Step 8: Born-again Live Happily Ever After
It appears Putin is operating on weakness.  How would he mobilize all these people?  They need training again and most never fought in a battle.  Does he have enough weapons and ammunition, along with troop transport vehicles, tents, heaters, food, clothes, shoes, medical supplies, etc..  Or are these guys only going to have there di*** in there hands?  Now the Ukrainians are well trained, motivated and battle harden, how are they going to go against that?  I guess the old fashion Russian way, throw everybody against the wall and if they die they die, for what really?  Putin's and his Regimes ego.  I find Putin to be a child.
TLDR fighting a multipolar world without even realizing it...good job TLDR...you idi@ts at tldr realize your on the wrong side of history right
Please get a limiter/compressor for that mic. It is distorting and tortures people with earphones. Or, is it just me?
Thanks for being loud. I was able to save energy by turning down the volume.
In Russia it is fun to die needlessly for country. While Putin speaks fluently with bears victory is at hand!
It’s all BS. He’s getting desperate. The poor logistics and lack of useful weapons means throwing men at a meat grinder is all he’ll end up doing.
Getting troops from prison Colonies... My danish grandpa who was forced into the red army:”NO NOT AGAIN!”
NATO war profiteers will sacrifice young Ukranians on the Russian front.
It doesn't matter how many men Putin puts on battlefield  Russia has already lost and should bring their army home unless they want other war like Afghanistan it's all about nutrition and supplies and Russia does not have the will to fight the people of Russia don't want to fight Putin war they had enough of Putin and it's time for him to Go! they need to remove Putin at once to save the lives and the country because if they don't its going be back for Russia and the whole world we don't need another Hitler in this world or a person with an EGO that big running a country like Russia the people or Russia is time to remove your leader from office or face more death and destruction the cold war was over a long time ago and you don't need other one  Russia has everything it needs and if this war goes on you will all be left with nothing  think about this Ukraine is the poorest country in Europe and Russia can't beat them that just goes to show you the will of the Ukraine people and they will never ever give up and this war will go on forever and the cost of Lifes will be great for Russia and the Ukraine  why not save lives and money and time and remove Putin from office before he destroys Russia Russia has destroyed most of the Ukraine killed women and children and has broken so many international laws and human rights violations and War Crimes the whole world is agent Russia for their action's agent the Ukraine people. not one country is no Russia side and if they say they are there lying big time or for their own interest  you can't win this war so pull out of Ukraine and save some live on both sides only a fool fights a war they can't win the Ukraine got all the time in the world to hold and fight and the people will fight to the last man and women and even child  it's their home and they got no were else to go so they got nothing left to lose Russia has everything to lose  use you Comen seance and leave now
Putin's bluff is going to get called. Again. Except now it's a problem for China. The line about 'we will do everything to protect our territory' when talking about territory that is not theirs to begin with smacks of China's bluster about Taiwan. Russia is undermining China since when the Chinese continue to huff and puff about the same nonsense, the world won't care. We've heard it before and called shenanigans on it. Nuclear threats have lost their punch. Way to go, Putin.
Glory to Russia for ever 🇮🇶❤️🇷🇺
Not 2.5 million, only 300k
I wonder what the average Russian citizen thinks about this. One step closer to a full scale draft.
ANOTHER video w a Brit/Aussie speaker!! Why do these 2 countries dominate these videos! Americans have no interest in listening to these accents! Like fingernails on a chalk board!
Russian Moral, what moral? It’s Anti Moral at this point
I bet Putin is being controlled like a puppet by yesmen! People he trusts want him removed and the best way to remove him is egg him on to bite off more than he can chew  eminence him to death!  NUKE! Hilarious, the cloud will drift over Russia and it will be suicide.
So the entire South East of Ukraine wants to join Russia and you call this a huge defeat to Putin? What the hell reality do you live in? NATO keeps bringing up the nuclear threat too so stop lying.
No guys you don't understand their plan is to overwhelm Ukraine with prisoners of war so they eat all the country's food and Ukraine starves to death.
If freedom of the press were ever taken away then we will be led, like blind sheep to slaughter ( GEORGE WASHINGTON) There is no freedom of press in Russia and Vladimir Putin is leading his people into slaughter with lies and deceit.
"Putin goes all in" by calling up 300,000 reservists out of the 25 MILLION it has heheheheh ok
too little too late.
Well we in the west is going to have to call his bluff and double down on the assistance to Ukraine. Look nobody likes this, but this is what we are stuck with. Russia has to be defeated here. Think a small Bloody War vs a Huge Bloody War in the whole of Europe. Its taking short term pain  for a bit rather than decades-long pain that such a war would bring. I think that an New Volunteer Group should be formed, a pocket Air Force if you will,  And AVG that flew in China before WW-II. I think doing that would not only be effective but would bring the war to an end. Nukes are not going to be used, they do that then then A bets are off, the last thing the Putin needs is for NATO to go all out, because if that is the case  Russia Ends. They are not that insane.
Belarussia is not Russia and a legitimate military target, including invasion if housing military equipment firing into Ukraine, and/or retreating Russian troops.  Next, the only thing State Terrorist Putin understands is brute force. Time to give Ukraine nuclear weapons.  Make a big show of agreement Russia broke with Ukraine of peace and security for Ukraine  in exchange for Ukraine turning over their nukes to Russia which Ukraine did.  Because international criminal terrorist Putin broke this agreement simply supply Ukraine with nukes comparable to which they gave Russia plus tactical nukes.  Also give Ukraine 150 mile HMRS missiles, 3000 mile cruise missiles, tanks, and F14,15.16,18…fighter jets. Had we done this earlier, war won already.
Enough foreplay... let's hip-thrust into this world war already so we can literally drop nuclear bombs on Moscow.  "I'm not bluffing"
I really hope that this is the straw that will make young people in big cities in Russia stand up and go in the streets against the people in power. Most of them are not interested in fighting a war on behalf of a few Rich Russian families, who lives in Palaces and sending their children to Europe for money stolen from the State of Russia. Now they can choose to organise themselves and demonstrate in huge numbers, with the risk of being beaten up and put to prison - or they can go to Ukraine and get killed in a meaningless war. If millions hit the streets, it will make a change. It is the only thing that will save Russia now.
“Ah shit, the gun jammed. Whelp, guess it’s useless now, I have no clue how to fix this. I’ll just go ahead and leave this here where the enemy soldiers will pass through.”
His special "military" operation has complications. Now it's an Emergency Operation. Soon it will become an Autopsy. Much like Putin. But of Russia.
Putin claims to be protecting "Russia's territorial Integrity"? But at the same time not respecting Ukraine's? Putin has such an illogical and hypocrite argumentation How are people still believing him?
It's also also also worth noting that the Russian stock market crashed on Tuesday amid fears of a mobilization. 🙃
Im 17 y.o and rn I'm living in Russia... Im really scared ab current situation. Im against any action towards Ukraine, why should ppl die on 21st century?....
I've not heard anyone talk about postwar Ukraine and Russia (if there has been any videos on YT, please do point me to them).  I'm wondering what people think the future holds? What will the situation be?   Let's assume that Ukraine more or less "wins" this war. Russia is largely repelled. Does it mean a simmering "warm" war with a militarized border? A kind of new Iron Curtain? And what of the economies? Ukraine will likely get more aid, albeit less than needed since the West historically has a short attention span. Will the West then, as a gesture, lift the sanctions partially or entirely?   What if Russia largely achieves what Putin set out to do? Mostly neuter Ukraine and leave it a rump state that is almost unviable? Will the West continue to aid it? Will it fall under Russian control and be a puppet? Will the West give up and write it off as fait accompli? And again, what about the Western sanctions at that point?   These and a lot of other questions about the future cross my mind.  Or has nobody given much thought to what the future might be?
It's too bad that the Ukraine offensive couldn't have pushed a lot further than it did. Only Ukraine knows why it stopped, whether stiff Russian defenses were encountered or Ukrainian supply lines couldn't keep up or some other reason, but it looks like Ukraine stopping was a lost opportunity to just keep going until Russian defenses could prove they could reorganize and stop the rout.
If Putin fired a nuclear weapon he would bring on himself and all of the Russian people something unimaginable, you could not even begin to comprehend the TOTAL DESTRUCTION of Russia. He clearly knows this, so is he willing to destroy everything in his country for the sake of a few (so called Russians) in Donetsk and Luhansk that is in Ukraine? i don't think so, but he is clearly irrational , however i know that every nuclear armed country is on alert with everything ready, i feel sorry for all of us but we cannot let this TYRANT continue to threaten the world with his TWISTED logic. There are many many thousands of Russian people living in different countries around the UK Europe and America so a nuclear weapon would kill all of them and they outnumber the people living Donetsk and Luhansk so clearly this threat is not about protecting Russian people.
If Putin uses Nuclear weapon on Ukraine, how will the West and the US respond? Putin is really unstable right now.
You just spit the same garbage as main stream
That Zelensky clown is playing war with our money and still asking for more while we are left to starve and freeze all winter thanks to the competent governments of the west. Really nice 👍
Nuclear weapons expected
Putin is going to just keep threatening nukes because that's all he has left. We have to decide whether we want to spend the rest of our lives watching Russia slowly steal territory from its neighbours while threatening to use nukes if anyone intervenes. As far as I'm concerned we ignore the threat. Russia has more to lose by using nuclear weapons than it does by losing in Ukraine.
So Putin has declared partial mobilisation for a war that isn't a war in a country that isn't a country.
Don't know how about you... but the narrow-eyed face of Putin is a perfect representative of the state he runs. Ugly as f..k and narrow-minded.
I'll tell you whats happening, someone figured out you can't go to war with a country if they have the ability to fully mobilise and you don't.
This will go nuclear, eventually.
if he trows the nuke, china will assinate putin.
So the world is in 'wait and see" mode. Any Russian mobilization probably won't be seen in Ukraine for months, callups still need to be retrained and equipped. If Putin moves faster with political moves like declaring new territory part of Russia, Putin will still have to show what he intends to do with that. For now, it's all threats and no concrete chaanges.
They’re not running low, their using their crap first. Don’t be stupid bud
2.5mil would be considered a full mobilization just to inform you of your mistake
Shame that the "world leaders" are too god damned cowardly to face down real threats. Russia can't even handle Ukraine in a fight, much less NATO. NATO could easily say, "You use a nuclear weapon on Ukraine, whatever city Vladimir Putin resides in will be reduced to rubble. His entire extended family, his allies, and their entire extended families will ALL be hunted down and killed."  Putin would be ousted and this genocide would be over before the week is out.
TO ALL VIEWERS:  Ukraine is a cause worth supporting.  Let's contact our government representatives to urge them to do two things:    1 - Increase military aid to Ukraine.   2 - Toughen sanctions on Russia.  You can call your representatives,  send them an email, send them a letter, respond to one of their Tweets ... something. Take the time to help Ukraine now ... you'll be proud of yourself when you do.
Russia is helping to resupply Ukraine as Putin speaks of partial mobilization someone has their priorities mixed up,,you have to be in a position to use up the weapons and ammo you have before you need any more
How come Russia is drafting citizens ???  Where is the actual Russian army ? Where is the meat ?  According to Wiki there must be 1 million Russian troops, but we have seen a very small portion of them so far.  Is Putin holding them for full scale war against NATO or that is all bullshit and bluff we have been believing so far ?
More cannon fodder please.
Putin is holding off the hardliners who wanted a full mobilization with a partial one, including a caveat that those conscripts will not fight on the Ukraine front. Putin is notoriously indecisive when it comes to making the big decisions, and they wanted him to do something...anything to change the status quo in the conflict. That should keep the hardliners quiet and off his back while he continues to think his way out of this disaster.
I know there's a ~100M surplus of men over women around the world, but isn't this a pretty extreme way to restore balance
Good.  I think this mean more weapons for Ukraine.  Russia has a habit of driving their tanks in and leaving the tanks and keys and running for the border in their pantaloons.
Has Putin even visited anywhere near the front?
When you can only get partially hard
1. This is timed for the UN general assembly and there, he needs to be visibly really isolated diplomatically especially by his allies. 2. Militarily call Putin's bluff. Hes desperate, he wont use nukes. Ukraine can beat them but needs more supplies. They need to split the RU army in 2 soon to cause more surrenders and desertions. They have a very agile army that can out smart the Russians but can't beat them in attritional warfare which Russia will just bomb and throw soldiers at. Supply with more (long range) HIMARs and even Reaper drones to quickly take out high value targets and supply lines to demoralise the RU further. 3. Entice Russians to: protest, leave Russia, and conscripts to surrender and desert and give them a chance to escape Putins punishments. Putin is terrified of depopulation even more than Ukraine.
BLOW UP KERCH BRIDGE NOW!!!!
I'm wondering what's happening in Melitopol. There are reports that Russian troops have abandoned the city.
"Sir we are loosing becaude our troops are undersuplied and demoralised! What will we do?" "Send there another 300k soldiers" "Sir.... you're a genius"
Losing is a zero sum option for Putin. He’ll do sham elections in the occupied areas, claim them as Russian territory then any attacks are on the “homeland.”
Is good you don't know because you aren't in Russia.
Bullshit reporting.
The Russo- Ukrainian Kind-Of Sort-Of War
Time for the NPR to rise up.
pewkin is gambling, now public need to have an uprising and oust him and his mob!!
While it was obvious from early on that this was a dangerous game for Putin, this move digs him in a super deep hole. Russians against the war hate him already, now the nationalists are likely to hate him because he's losing the war. Once this new military recruitment/push start to fail (which it almost certainly will), there's no way he will be able to stay in power for long. The real question is, will he reach for the nukes as a final resort before he's kicked out of office. In the next year or so, reality is gonna turn much darker, at the very least for the Russian people, but maybe also for the rest of the world.
haa haaa. dictator failis.
International community, which in short means the West. Ok
Fuck you propaganda lying bastard nato agent & cia agent
The USA sent 12 HIMARS systems and they're demolishing the Russian army where they're set up.   the USA needs to send about 120 more to push them out Ukraine altogether.
You made several mistakes. There is ZERO evidence about Russia buying any ammunition from North Korea. Ukraine is the one who is constantly running out of ammunition, which is perfectly proven by the all-time requests for supplies from all countries around.   Volunteer batalions were just allowed. In fact many reservists called for them months ago, but it was not approved then. Consider not using stupid claims from twitter as reliable sources of information.  And considering 5:1 loss ratio with current 700k UKR vs 200k RUS, imagine what will happen with 700k UKR vs 400-500k RUS... if they just move 200-300k more troops from Poland borders to Ukraine and replace them with mobilized reservists.
It's seems to me that 60k russian dead soldiers are just a dust, it's not a number for a country where cannon fodder is a traditional strategy.
In other words, forced people to volunteer to lose their lives for Putin's greed.
Hitler would have used the bomb, Custer would have killed every last native American off, of course Putin is going to make threats and use the scorched Earth's policy. If he touches any American city, any City in Britain or Poland the world's done for. He's full of BS
You loose a VEEERY important fact, that russians completely DON'T want to be actual troops, they just wanted te be keyboard and sofa warriors. That is what putin promised to them,  saying that there are no words about mobilisation. Also in the document it is not noticed about mobilisation of that who served, so they will just take everyone. This leads to veerry unknown things. You know mobilized who didn't want to go to the frontlines overthrown the Tsar in 1917.
"Bro trust me!! I'm not bluffing!!!"  - the man who always bluffs
Excellent summary. Thanks a lot!
Absolute nonsense , the Ukrainian army conquered empty land , and are now surrounded by the Russians !!!!!!! Do not listen to any Media stories , as they lie about everything   Putin is doing humanity a big favour by starting to wipe out the evil Cabal !!! Have a nice day brainwashed people !!!!!!!!
i like how you did not butcher any of the city names.
this isnt a mobilization its a special recruitment operation
The west said that Russia had no weapons left months ago. Imagine believing that.  See you in 6 months when Russia controls all its desired territories.   (I am not Russian nor Ukrainian … I have no bone in this tragic war.)
He's gone balls deep with Viagra
Some people in the comment think that the West will actually start a nuclear war Russia for Ukraine keep dreaming when this is over Ukraine will lose more territory and you and I will have to live with that.. it can go no other way this is not a American movie Ukraine is just a puppet 😂😂😂
Russians have many more troops, but none that can be relocated towards Ukraine, remember it is a huge territory and it is surrounded by NATO which they fear. They tried to fight Ukraine under non-war legislation in their country, but with secret NATO training and 80billion USD behind the Ukrainians from the US alone, it is not possible with their starting troops. Therefore now the newly formed republics will be integrated as Russian territory through the referendum that is taking place and if they are contested further by Ukraine, which they will, then the big boss will be finally calling it war time proper for Russia, war initiated by Ukraine. This means many more battles to come and most importantly many more dead on both sides. This madness needs to stop, but idiot Boris Johnson flew to Ukraine to prevent the peace talks.
Yes Putin, remove millions of people from the workforce, ruin Russia's economy even more.
Are they going to mobilize people from the city or continue to use men from rural poorer regions
I am a little bit relieved. I spent 20 minutes before bed last night looking at forecasted wind directions in Ukraine.
lol, clearly brainwashed by western MSM---- a moron channel for low IQ morons :D
Crap propaganda shit
NEW - We discuss the details of Putin's speech & the international response in today's episode of The Daily Briefing... WATCH NOW: https://youtu.be/p8as1IrN7c4
Why the hell only Euro news reporting bullshit. Y'all must be desperate. Yeah it ain't the new world order y'all wanted huh. 🤣😂🤣. We gone be smoking on Ukraine.  And they deserve it. Fuck the EU
Another 300,000 dead Russian teenagers won’t make a difference.
Partial mobilisation = special Russian DEPOPULATION opetarion.
Soo... World War 3 begins now??  I'm scared 😰
This is not going all in, the idiot already went all in in February, this is throwing god money after bad money, reinforcing defeat.
I hope NATO will react proportionally to Russia agression. If Russia will use weapon of mass destruction then all communication routes in Russia towards the disputed territories should be plowed with precision weapons. Totally cut of from Russia to hit Russian logistics. All critical crossroads or border roads should be hit including Crimean Bridge. If it wont be possible with precision weapon then other type of tactical strikes cutting just the roads - not high concentrated settlements. Also such a strike should be communicated with a few days announcement to allow civilians to evacuate from the area (100 km radius to agresor wont know where the road will be hit?).
Adding more less experienced untried troops will just lead to more body bags going home to mothers.Putin has already used his best so we are told and they are being trounced the new troops have even less hope.I spent 27 years in the Australian army and I can assure you that it takes at the very least one year to get a soldier to a reasonable standard and up to two years before he or she can call themselves fully trained,and the training never stops.
Putin is trying to survive through America's next election cycle.  A sympathetic change in congress might be his only chance.  Much our country likes this dictator.
Who's going to train them? How are they going to equip them? How many will run/hide/bribe their way out? How long will it take to round them up? Sounds like putin is flailing.
Kinda hypocritical calling out Putin for mobilization when Ukraine prevented all men ages 18-60 from leaving the country so they could defend Ukrain territory
Crap
Ukraine needs to hit them hard before they mobilize stay strong Ukraine
I think Putins forgets that EU or USA also have nukes. He’s not the only man having nukes.
Running out of artillary ammo, so now they will send in the drunks
This is called doubling and tripling down on the stupid.  Dictators for ya.
Its weird. Russia captures like 100km territory, losing 6k means they were defeated?
Good for Russia. May Russia be victorious and the People of the Donbass finally be free and decide their own future with help of Russia. And that ukraines bombing of civilians finally stops and the people of the Donbass can finally live in peace without fear of walking the street!
I think the west is too quick to dismiss how important this is. The Ukrainian advantage are based on two things and two things only. 1) Western support and active intelligence and leadership, and 2) Restraint on Russias part to what weapons they are willing to use, and what target they are willing to attack. Both of these will be removed this winter and come spring, no one will think that Ukraine still have a chance of winning.
Does Putin think his new forces will be willing to put their lives on the line for Putin the LOSER
Nato should counter nuclear weapons from russia always
Why such a big country like Russia one man have so much power
300k reinforcements, with all the logistics involved, this is going to be fun. Ukraine should get rid of the Kerch bridge as soon as possible and force the russians to use the east border for all reinforcements.
Totally agree with Podolyak (Ukraine), who said. "The Kremlin tells the Russians bluntly, 'we dragged you into a military adventure and assured you that everything was going according to plan, but the situation is out of control, so get ready to send your children to die in the war.'" Putin is insane...
I guess Putin won't be happy until all of his people and weapons have been sent to the meat grinder. Wonder how Russia's economy will fair with all the able bodied men they are and will continue to lose?
Human waves of Ivans will roll across the front and will keep advancing until Ukraine runs out of munitions. It's worked before.....
It's just more meat to the grinder; let's pay our energy bills and taxes and have our governments send more help to Ukraine. I don't care if I have to eat beans; just let the Russians have it. They were due for a reality check anyway.
Putin instead of stealing land like Hitler, move all your people out of Ukraine to Russia where they can live in peace. Stop acting like the Antichrist and act like a Christian. Love your neighbor, love your enemy as Jesus said. Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦
Nice microphone... BUT is the gain control broken?
Your microphone is clipping.
Spare a thought for all of those about to spend a very long winter in a trench, especially those who have no choice in the matter.
[HARKIV] man, not [karkiiv]
There are rumors going around that Chinese trucks have been rolling into Ukraine from the Russian border. I have no idea to what level this is true and in what capacity.
There are always some idiots but most Russians accepted Putin's policies because they wanted a calm, stable life and enjoy some luxury under the protection of a "strong" leader. But most people don't want to be involved in war as they don't buy into that stupid propaganda. This mobilisation will destroy the morale in the army and the support at home.
65 year olds.
If we go with mutual assured destruction option, then at least we will bomb the shit out of Putin.
Putting understands that if the "issue" is life and service then the enemy can not be him. By sharing in the suffer fewer can stand up. He is Devil smart. However this strategy is only a short to mid term plan.
He can mobilize 10 million men if he wants. He can't support and supply the ones he already has so what difference are a bunch of new ones going to make? Does he plan suicidal human wave attacks or something?  All this move does is drive more nails into his own coffin and ensure that his end, when it comes.... and that could be sooner than he or we think.... will not be pretty or peaceful.
the migdet Putin thinks 300 spartans will save him lol
Putin stupid push heavy army.tanks stand still duck no move about army dont want war
Now is the time for NATO to intervene and kick Russia out of Ukraine for good. It's the last chance to end this conflict quickly and with a near-guaranteed outcome that favours Ukraine. After the referendums, this isn't a possibility anymore.
The Russian people must act, rise up. He will drag them into a pointless war. He has no concern for his nation, or the citizens of the world. He is prepared to bring destruction on humanity, rather than admit he had failed at leadership. He must be terminated by any means possible.
I hope Putin lives his last day on this Earth in a prison cell.
If the partial mobilasation is enough to crush ukraine.....then its good foor him right.....if they wont survive....mobilais aigain.....dont kick a scene here
Nuke threat is really worrying, but something we should ignore while also preparing for. Thing is, if we conceded to Nuke threats, they can just take over the whole world :D
200 milerange self targetting rockets might be coming Ukraines way with this escalation
Anyone here remember how Allies let Adolf have Poland and Czechoslovakia bcs Adolf threatened to escalet it into a world war?  If we let Putin have Ukraine just bcs he threatens with a nuclear war, he will continue and demand more to be given to him just like Adolf. History makes it clear, dictators never stop with violence, you have to remove them from existence.
When Russia inevitably collapses into self-ruin, it’ll be time to secure those nukes. They clearly can’t be trusted to have them without making impossible ultimatums.
China and India have now warned him off continuing the war and so he resorts by trying to secure what he has left of east Ukraine by a phony referendum done in under 2 days, in lands where the majority true Ukrainians have mostly fled already, and threatening nuclear strikes - typical school yard bully tactics, slap him down.
Will you please stop pronouncing kh as k, it is more like H
This Partial Mobilization is in all Likelihood a Full Mobilization thats just not Announced. Frankly.  Nato should Mobilize and Intervene in Ukraine. Because Soon Russia will have 3 Million Soldiers Ready to Invade the Baltics.  And Russia will do so unless Nato is Prepared to Counter it with Force.   In case People missed it. But according to Russia. Nato is Long a Legitimate Target and he is Preparing for Total War.  If Nato does not Intervene Now. Nato will soon be Fighting a Defensive themselves.
Doesn't matter if Russia wins or not Ukrainian lifes are destroyed 😞
I feel sorry for all these non-soldiers who are going to be forced to their ultimate deaths fighting for Putin.
The threat of war is working within the EU for some time already. France and Germany populations are afraid to hold weapons and send their children to war. They dream that politics and economics will solve threats. The strongest military (by economic metering that can sustain a war) in the EU already gave Putler his strongest card to play: fear of war. Now Putler can do whatever he wants, whenever and wherever he wants and nobody can do anything about it. It is Munich 1938 all over again.
THESE CONCLUSIONS ARE ABSURD. The Russians are running out of amunition and soldiers, but not the Ukrainians? The Ukrainians are having ten times more casualties than the Russians, starting from a poulation of 40 million vs 145 million Russians. WTF?
Nato will do more if he does more
Do your research its 300k not 2.5 million. 300k is already 2x more men then Russia has rn on the battlefield so it will nearly bring the Russian to Ukranian ratio to 1:1 as right now its 1:3 so Russia is vastly outnumbered
Great content and analysis.
Wow! Who would tell that your pronunciation of the cities can get even worse with time. 🙆🙂 Comes on guys, be serious...
Can't the Ukranians just destroy the rail infrastructure with HIMARS or missiles?
Russia doesn’t even have enough modern military equipment to outfit the troops it’s already deployed in this war, prepare to crack open those Cold War and ww2 stockpiles cause that’s what it’s going to take to make it happen. Can’t wait to see troops with mosin nagants and t-55s fighting on a battlefield in 2022.
Putin will not stop even if it means a nuclear war, the Ukraine war is far from over, and its taking a dangerous face  day after day, the possibility of World War 3is closer than ever, the question now is who is to blame? It is clear  Russia, because it started the war, but also NATO and the West, why join the new members on Russia's borders to the ally?
Putin goes 1.5% in.  That's barely just the tip.
🇸🇦🇮🇳🇮🇶🇦🇫🇸🇾🇨🇳🇻🇪🇰🇵🇹🇷💪🇷🇺
If Donbass is declared Russian territory, there is no need for volunteers. The army can sweep those Ukrainians if they keep attacking over the new established border. I think everybody underestimates the military prowess of the Russians, and it is easy to do so when the western media and Ukrainians feeds the public a constant stream of misinformation.
He doesn't have the nerve to use a nuclear weapon,
The only thing this really signalises is the Ukraine is winning. He knows he is done. What you are watching is Putin trying to save his ass.
Putin is like the Worst Porker player. He has lost 90% of the entire chip pile because he did not know how to walk away from the table. Now he is pushing in the rest of his chips hoping for a different result to recover the other 90% chip loss. Only idiots do the same thing while hoping for a different result.
Well, If you are gonna do something do it right might as well lose those too. Archangel Michael
You are not an announcer at a football pitch.  How about a whole lot less enthusiasm and a little more measured explanation and commentary.
I hope and wish Russia launches some missiles on Europe, if possible USA too !
He said  that  if  the  west  use  nuclear  weapons  he  will  use  to    soo its  bluffing II hate when omissions are made so  please  be  precise   because  it's  not  the  same  thing.
I'd feel much better if Trump was at the helm. I don't trust Trader Joe's handlers to make the right decisions. As of Now most of the western nations have been reserved with their support. The exact opposite policy needs to be in placed. Ukraine needs more long range offensive weapons. NATO needs to categorically affirm that Russian use of chemical, biological or nuclear weapons of any kind will result in the full weight of NATO power in Ukraine and only Ukraine. Nato has no intention of escalation outside of Ukraine unless a NATO country is attacked by Russia. Putin understands the language of force not wish washiness. These Dim witted western leaders are only use to fighting a war on climate and they're failing miserably in that champagne. The west needs real leaders not these corrupt and inept ones currently at the helm.
Putin wants a new lesson? Ok; he can get it!
Putin is willing to kill  millions of not only westerners but also millions of his own people to save his position. The people closest to him should have some guts and over throw him now. And save the world.
So this how propoganda sounds like.
For all the retoric that Putin has accused Ukraine of being a Nazi-state, to me it seems the other way around. Putin is Adolph Hitler and Russia is the Nazi-state. Nobody has threatened Russia except Russia itself. This shows to me that NATO is doing the right thing to protect themselves and Europe. Adolph Putin is clearly a meglomaniac! Adolph Putin's war is clearly affecting China's economy so I am wondering why China doesn't get more involved in discrediting Adolph Putin??? Please, Please, Please... NATO and the world, please don't let this meglomaniac bully around the world for his own empire building satisfaction. Who is the next country that Adolph Putin decides should not exist? Like Ukraine said, we have the manpower to fight, the will to fight, we just need weapons. Actions have spoken truer words. All is needed, are NATO's nukes and a NATO Red Line. The exodus of Russians out of the country says it all.
“If we look at the borders of Ukraine at the time, we will see that they are somewhere around 40 kilometers around Kiev. Nothing more, nothing less. And here it is in 1922 Lenin came up with the idea to again create a Ukrainian country within Soviet Russia. And because this only around Kiev happened very little to him, he took a considerable territory from Russia. Consequently, Stalin also saw that the Ukrainian Federation couldn't feed itself, added additional territory from Russia, Poland, Hungary, Romania and Belarus. Consequently, Khrushchev added the Crimean Peninsula in connection with the 300th anniversary of Ukraine's accession to Russia. It turns out that 78% of the territory of today's Ukraine are all gifts from Russia. But what is Ukraine doing right now? On top of Russia's gifted land, she built 74 NATO bases, 27 biological laboratories and 14 chemtrails factories. And all this in violation of the agreement to guarantee the sovereignty of Ukraine since 1994. , in which Russia is one of the guarantees. In this agreement, Ukraine has committed no harm to its neighbor Russia, while Ukraine, at the same time, with US technical assistance / American nuclear centrifuges / was on the verge of producing its own nuclear weapons. I don't even mention that with biological weapons”
Arming the 'common people' is the last thing any dictator would like to do.... which means that Putin is really playing his last card... unfortunately the 'brave people or Russia' do not show (so far) any intention to rise up... the ONLY real problem is that this guy has the key to nuclear weapons, otherwise his demise is a matter of time (basic history lessons, not an opinion)
5:20 It's not legitimising anything when the referendum itself is a complete sham!
"two and half a million men" No! Not again!
This will really destroy Russia's economy
Now more than ever the pressure must continue
TLDR hahaha quoting Kyiv Independent as a source hahaha
I can't watch this. Or read about it. I can't even mention it to friends or my teenage kids. It's terrifying and I've never wanted the SAS to be on a special mission in Moscow than I do now.
Not 2.5 mil but 300k. Look it up...
Putin: "Is not a war is a Special Military Operation ©", Also Putin: "So things are not going too well and we have to mobilize..."
Putin has declared that Russia is willing to use nuclear weapons on any country which interferes with their invasion. They just threatened the entire world.
NATO and the West will nuke Russia into oblivion!!!
I can see NATO troops moving in if it gets any worse,  and then you will have a full European war. He knows he's outnumbered and out gunned by NATO, and it will end up with a nuclear war
Russia become the 2nd powerful military in Ukraine..
Time to rubber stamp Ukraine into nato then declare article 5 boisss!
Russia has treated the fighting as a special operation though to Ukrainians it is a war.  To say that Ukraine is winning having lost 20% of its territory is making the Western Press look bad to the International community. It says that truth does not matter in the West.  Every setback Russia experiences causes them to retaliate in a stronger way which causes new problems for Ukraine. Now Russia is treating the operating as a limited war. This is not good news for Ukraine and its supporters.
We the united states should respond in like with the deployment of whatever weapons short of the nukes the Ukrainian state asks for
way to go young man that was a thorough brief thank you this is like a breath of fresh air here in the news for somebody who is telling the news and not telling what somebody told them to say godspeed to you young man.
Adding hundreds of thousands more troops to an untenable logistical crisis is not going to improve the situation, it's going to make it even worse.   Mobilisation is going to really nail the point home for the Russian people that the special military operation really isn't going as well as Putin and his cronies would like them to think.
Putin enacting limited conscription
Pro Pootin's trolls should be put on the front line first since they knew everything much about warfare strategies.
When Russia mentions nuclear weapons they wean tactical ones. Meaning "small" ones over key Ukrainian bases or cities. Not a Tzar Bomba over London or D.C.
Have to love political spin!!!
Putin is not losing grounds in Ukraine, whoever belives that is an idiot, they are just all going to Tasty and that's it (Russia’s new replacement for McDonalds).
Putin: if you don't let me conquer Ukraine, I will nuke you all! Also Putin: it's all your fault - stop threatening me with nuclear war!!! Putin again: you touch Russia, and I will nuke you!!! Putin once more: You know what, don't push me. Once I annex these regions (illegally) any attack on them would be an attack on Russia. I don't care that I invaded THEM. They just love me. And I will nuke anyone who says otherwise. World: Eh?
We are gonna have to nuke Russia no other option
It won't change this loss into a win. They can't keep their regular army properly armed, trained, equipped, fed etc., 300K EXTRA troops will only make the issues worse (plus they're not effective as none want to fight).
Send more untrained and unwilling people, that's going to help...
You know what this entire war has reminded me of? A lot of Sun Tzu quotes. A LOT. It's almost like a live action version of the book.
VICTORY TO RUSSIA ❤❤❤
So he's about to mobilize more than a quarter of a million troops who don't want to be there. He's gonna be doing what Napoleon did to gather troops for his invasion of Russia. He ended up with the old and the infirm and his invasion ended in disaster and humiliation. Hopefully, history will repeat itself....
You are right about one thing : Ukraine now has two choices... To surrender or disappear from the map. There is no army to do anything else!
Puto will suck big time this time.  He will mobilise thousands and givr them modified slingshot each with  precision balls and high tech horse carts for the unarmoured division.
Russia is not running out of weapons that’s a western lie it has plenty of it we all know that. Russia is huge and has various fronts. So don’t ahead Of yourself. I don’t like you bro am American and I like people who talk facts not what nbc and cnn say all day
HIMARS doesn’t care about Russian human wave attacks.
Hitler was sane by comparison to Putin.   Now he is making overt nuclear threats.  Everyone knows no one can win a nuclear war!
with all the noise in the US with immigrants lately, I can only wonder what 300k dudes means for the border territories like the ones in Ukraine Plenty of services and delights /s
So , Let me get this right .Putin has a non war he started in Ukraine , it’s not going well because Putin doesn’t know how to fight a war . Putin’s idea of a battle is , take lots of people and have them walk towards the Ukraines and as we get killed we should leave any supplies or weapons for Ukraine.  So you want me to walk into a meat grinder while not having any support , supplies, short manpower ..what will the Ukrainians be doing as we walk towards them? I don’t think any of this is a good idea . There’s going to be so many bodies in the way we will only be able to walk slowly .  No Mr Putin your going to have to do this one without us !  If there was a real threat let me know ,otherwise look forward the postcards I send from my vacation. I’ve been studying Spanish and English .  Advice to other men age 16 - 70 go to mountains , go to another country . Be prepared to die or get terrible injuries if you fight in Putin’s War. I’m not !
What's the difference with what putin is doing and what Israel has done?
The irony of this broadcast is it claims unbiased 10 seconds after a opinionated comment
Who wrote this comedy sketch, for a more accurate view watch The Duran.
Russians clearly remember the loss of a father, a brother, a husband, a lover or a son during the Afghanistan war and the wars against Tchechnia. Will they welcome a partial or total mobilization for what would then indeed really appear as a war, and not anymore as a special operation? Then there is the military conflict between Armenia and Azerbaidjan, where Russia may also intervene...  The times of the flowers in one's gun are long over. Good luck Mr. Putin.
Bro you talk a lot of nonsense it’s clearly your biased and clearly you show which side you are. Russia has been fighting with 1 hand behinds its back it hasn’t even declared war against Ukraine bro. Get your shit straight
Starting to think Putin has a secret humiliation kink.
It's the same you're forefathers did the same for Asia & Africa & uk 🇬🇧🇬🇧has not given compensation for these countries.....
well Ukrainian fields wont need fertilizer for the foreseeable future and factories wont need raw materials for when it comes to iron and steel.  West just needs to harden those balls and pick up the slack when it comes to arming and training Ukrainian army.
A brief insight from Russia in case someone's interested.. One could hope that at least in case their children are sent to become fertilizer for the Ukranian fields, those "patriots" will finally understand just WHAT is actually going on. Their initial response, my parents' initial response doesn't seem to incline to that. Those people have been completely disrupted from any kind of information sources but those that are controlled by the government. Especially in the past half a year, since starting there any kind of information that goes against what the gov says has been illegal. Long story short, it's quite a situation that we got here. Younger russians have no voice in their contry (P. has done all he could about that). Younger russians hated their gov since they started to destroy their freedoms. Younger russians have always been inclined to study and pray that in the future we'll be able to change something (Pretty hard to do something when you're 22, have no resources, and everyone just loves to remind you that age is wisdom hence whatever they say is correct). But that assh*le has solved that issue too.. No protests, no prospects of change if there are no younger russians. Only the loyal electorate. Only the autocratic government. Frankly speaking, I've lost all hope after that february and all will to live after this day. If sent to fight the "Enemy" I'd much rather put a bullet in my own head. I only pray that the rest of the world will not be affected (Escalation to nukes), that people will learn their lessons, and that the Ukranians will have their freedom.  Слава Украине.   💙💙💙💙 💛💛💛💛
They didnt only issue harsh penalties for looting or desertion, but rather desertion connected to mobilization. They are expecting huge dissent over the "partial" mobilization _(sic a prerogative for FULL Mobilization, which will most likely be a stones throw away from WW3 unless Putin is stopped)_
LMAO at these pommys thinking they know whats what
"just issuing uniforms, rifles, some mre's; then sending these guys to the front won't solve any problems"
Putin may end up like Gaddaffi - shot by his own people when hiding in a sewer - his actual worst nightmare lol.
More mince meat . Putin is evil mad monster
Full of shit. Western propaganda channel.
HEARSAY.. UR OPINIONS ARE MOSTLY BASED ON WESTERN BIAS MEDIAS... WTF.
Russia threatening to launch nukes because they are losing their invasion somehow feels like a kid that would throw rocks because He's losing a snowball fight
I swear, Putin is an RTS AI Commander: "Time to send the next half baked attack wave!"
He is taking this war to a drastic failure for himself world 🌍 know this he should surrender because he got no chance
Putins Logic.  Loading...
How the HELL can Russia be out of troops but apparently according to TLDR Ukraine got plenty 😂😂😂😂 people to believe the lies this channel is no longer any good
4:11  You woke me up brutally
During WW1 the Tzar’s Army stopped fighting the Germans and started joining the ranks of the Red and White Armies. History could repeat itself.
Now that  the russia  has declared war on ukraine :- does this mean the west can now send  better weapons to ukraine?
Unless he mobilise’s the will of the Russian soldiers will to win, has a Gazonillion Rubble war chest, can maintain the lies, keep his people down, and has all the time in the world, he’s beat !
So he’s losing, and will argue that “Russia is under threat” after invading Ukraine.   How delusional
Good luck resourcing these people. Between training, weapons, vehicles etc... It all comes down to money, which the sanctions that have been in place for months are affecting. I'm also assuming a lot of conscripts will see beyond the propaganda they've been fed or at least have a moral compass.
Very good analysis.  Putin is playing word games with Russia's future.  Had he left things alone he would be far further ahead.  Now the best he can do is glut himself with a pyric victory and remain stuck in the deep hole he has dug for himself and for Russia.
We need to get Ukraine some of those maximum range HIMAR missiles.
The main thing is,you don't want Russia to mobilize any more troops to Ukraine cuz that would be bad to Ukraine. People just want this invasion stop
The Ukrainians took 2% of the land the Ruskies took in the first place, and that land was mainly rural with no military value. The relatively few Russians that held the land, pulled back along with their equipment and then the Russian artillery pummeled the Ukrainians, wiping out hundreds. It was a propaganda victory by Zelensky with the usual cost of using his army's men as cannon fodder. With the mobilisation, the gloves come off and Odessa and the area along the coast will be taken by the Russians and then they will go back for Kharkov. Poland, Austria and Romania will then just carve up the remaining western bit of the 'former state known as Ukraine' and the area will return to the pre-1917 position. And about the prospective referendums being carried out by the Russian speaking areas in East Ukraine; The West seemed happy enough to recognise Kosovo's independence and yet, throw their toys out of the pram when others they 'don't agree with' want to do the same. The Ukrainian military. As a Brit, living in the UK, I am ashamed that Johnson danced so readily to the tune of the big business/banking puppet masters and got my country (which I am proud to be a part of), to readily support the neo-nazi run Gov and military in Ukraine. And before it is mentioned - Zelensky may be Jewish but that did not stop his office releasing a video of him visiting Izyum on 13th September and showing one of his bodyguard soldiers waring a nazi, 'Death's Head' patch on his helmet (Zelensky's office rapidly removed the vid when it was discovered).
I really hope he doesnt drop the nuke ? What are we as a species if we do that
TLDR again stop lying Russia is winning by miles and please tell the public that USA & NATO are actively in the war…..TLDR rubbish west media propaganda…. Give me my refund from nebula just platform for use to lie and not allowed to comment
Worse for Russian mobilization is that many aren't front-line officers.  Russia typically has little to no NCO corps, is rushing JCOs out of training early, so conscripts and convicts led by under-prepared JCOs without a sergeant to impose discipline is a whole host of problems waiting to happen.  Last time Russia dealt with this problem proactively, Ukraine successfully targeted and killed a lot of their senior officers who had been leading from the front.
I miss objective reporting in this video. All information is taken from Pro-Ukrainian sources, taking everything at face value. TLDR even does its utmost to let the recent evens look somehow bad for Russia, though it is the opposite. Putin has been under public domestic pressure for a long time to widen the scope of the "Special Military Operation", so the partial mobilization is by no means risky domestically. It is only risky in terms of how NATO might react and to wich degree NATO´s aid for Ukraine may be escalated. Russia has fought this war so far with a suriprisingly low number of troops. Kiev boasted recently to field 1 million soldiers, while Russia hardly reached the 200 k mark, and that had shown in the rapid Russian retreat from Kharkiv. The annexation of the occupied oblasts and the partial mobilization completely reverses this relation, and turns the conflict into a proper war.
Putin going All In with 7-2 hand.
So Putin will send more ethnic Russian into the meat grinder.
Throwing more poorly-trained poorly-equipped and poorly-disciplined men into the meat grinder, what an innovative strategy. Russia has never tried this before in history.
Putin chose to be annihilated by Russians instead of Ukrainians. His regime has been demobilising people for decades for now to ask them to go and die in foreign lands? This will not go down well. From “special operation” to “partial mobilisation” his bullshit and lies are coming to their natural limit
These propaganda news channels lie lie lie lie to you everyday 😂😂😂😂😴
Didnt get Georgia some of their teritory stolen by Russia ? Do they plan a counter to that now that Russia is occupied ? (would be intersting)
This is where Putin's downfall really starts, this is the point of no return.
All in. More like betting everything and everyone sees your cards and the cards Are garbage😂
What the Hell is Happen  France and Germany  need to pull their fingers out and help Ukraine instead being on the phone  Putin .
Putin went all in on killing people for nothing.
NATO's Military Dependency of Ukraine is out of gear and trained men to use the gear. The failed offensives have gone along way toward Russia's goal of demilitarizing Ukraine.  Nice propaganda. Russia is definitely losing the information war with NATO.
Yes he are going Vabank. If he loose on war, send nuclear. Simple. And already dont care, since nobody cares
always a good idea to send cannon fodder to fertilize Ukrainian fields, let´s see what russian population will do about it, if they will be ready to die for an invasion of another country, just to serve a dictator obsession
Plane flights to leave Russia are all booked 😂😂
The russian logistical network cannot supply the current troops. So what does he do? Puts more troops into that network, straining it to more than a breaking point.
Imagine being such a failure you have to buy weapons from North Korea HaHaHa
Technically the plural of referendum would be referendums, not referenda. In Latin, "referenda" would imply there are multiple questions on the referendum, not that two different referendums in different states are being held.
and just like nearly every other war we have escalation .. and this escalation will simply get worse from here on out .. neither side will back down .. no-one anywhere is going to be a winner .. no-one ..
Ukraine should dig in and prepare for the forthcoming Russian onslaught.
Hitler is back...
I support Putin because  zelensky  is influenced and pumped by bidens soviet era old mindset
Mate you really have the best voice and cadence of all time.
So in conclusion, Putin is adding more water into a leaking bucket, instead of fixing the bucket.
This is gonna end in nuclear war. Russia wont win even with their reserves, since they have little to no equipment. This is scary stuff people.
Bro, Ukraine hasnt gained shit, They are utterly useless. Not they are really fixing to feel the pain. Fuck NATO and the EU.
adolph Hitler Putin.
Biden's War
usa and nato send in ukraine misile himars and trupes fightin rusia.the war start now.
just look at this guy and tell me do you actually thinks he has any clue or is he just a script reader.
Looting right that's the last thing Russian troops have to worry about.
Putin sure loves his loss porn.
I think Ukraine should just give Russia Donbass then instantly join NATO.
Well, Stalin sent two soldiers per rifle into Stalingrad.
We must destroy the Russians
This is what happens when a nation condones (or rather supports) dictatorship.   I posted the following comment on Youtube only 3 days ago.  Well, I seemed to have overestimated PooTin’s sanity. Either way, PooTin’s RottenSia is now in its terminal stage.    <PooTin cautiously hints at the possibility of a general mobilization, but even he is at least wise enough to know such a move would be suicidal for himself.  It would trigger a nationwide anti-war protest, which has already started bubbling in Russia.>
I really wonder how many lives does it take until the russian population has had enough and goes into full revolution mode, I fail to understand how they let this maniac run their country into the ground like the MH17 flight. State Duma is a terrorist organization.
Russia is running out of advanced equipment, not equipment in general. They have a ridiculous number of old infantry equipment kits ready. Western outlets seem to think that the loss of high tech is somehow meaningful to Russia. It is not. They’re always willing to go with the human wave to win. Victory is more important to them than loss counts. As far as they are concerned they win or Russia falls into obscurity and international meaninglessness. The more nations shift away from gas the more powerful that self-perception will get.
seems russia has decided to actually try.
Great even more Russians that can run like whipped dogs whilst dumping all their equipment!
If the other areas want to be part of Russia… The darn world Needs to let them be part of Russia. We only want to help people who want their independence… That should be all!
Putin is such a power hungry Imperialist Fascist with only eyes for grabbing more power and complete disregard to human lives and suffering. A narcissist like him is happy to sacrifice as many lives as a needed for his own goals as long as he doesn't have to risk his own. A complete lack of empathy and a sociopathic world view, centered on him. To think that there are people blinded by their hatred of the west and especially the US and support him is just sad.
“ it’s a special operation “  You mean a special hospital operation for special treatment like the special treatment they have shown 😂
Putin takes 20% of Ukraine land without aerial bombing but by door by door and all that in six months.... iam not support war but in comparison usa made 20 years in Afghanistan dealing with naked barefoot forces and full scale war including bombing citys.  You guys must be stupid think Russia is weak. Iam European.
This will get interesting 🤔  It seems like Putin is willing to go all out or lose everything which makes him dangerous
More meat for the grinder. This little turd has already earned himself place in history between Stalin and Hitler.
Why stop there, Mr Putin ? Why not declare that the Moon belongs to Russia now ? Might as well !
All flights out of Russia to countries that don't need a visa are booked solid. Better get fleeing across the Finnish border or a shallow grave in the Ukraine might be your next stop...
If you understood the difference between war and annexation you would realise no one is taking cities this isn’t a war - honestly I live here Americans have about 3 percent of the correct information and by NATO you mean America no one is afraid of Sweden or Poland i tried to watch this video but it’s so incorrect and propaganda it’s unwatchable the worst part is I only know this because I live here and this is my backyard but the bull of America are being fed such garbage and they have no way to know any else -
Great channel w great content and delivery!! This guy has the best "mike" on youtube. Most succinct analysis. Easy to understand and comprehend. He's got a good voice and stage presence. Keep up the good work!!
If you paid attention in class (and I know you have) you’ve figured out already that the world (an Europe in particular) is NEVER going back to the previous status quo.   The Russians will never back down and Western Europe refuses also (how to save face…).  European’s are screwed!  Enjoy the hot summers and cold winters Europe, get used to them.
Never interrupt your enemy when he's making a mistake.   The West was quite happy with Putin up until 2014 and even OK with him after.   Yes he was a corrupt dictator oppressing his people, but who cares about Russians, not us.   He was keeping things stable, pumping the hydrocarbons and above all ensuring the nukes were under control.   However once he decided he wanted to be our enemy and gave good reason for us to agree then thing changed.    Which brings us to today.   Russia is now embroiled in a peer war with an enemy that is extremely motivated.   From our point of view for fiat currency we can print as much as we want, the Russian military is essentially being destroyed.  The more he throws at it and the longer the meat grinder continues the better for the West.
It's like a chess game where the loser starts taking all your pieces knowing full well that he he is going to end up with less pieces in the end, as of now I expect Putin to end up with a bull** in his head by his own people. Solving problems the Russian way.
So Putin wants to conscript people to attack another country.... I can only see very high morale here...
You are vomiting nonsense professor,based on fake news and social media including the currupt pro west Ukrainian president. War has not begun yet,save your nonsense and wait . Talk about the the continued genocide and killing of innocent russian citizens in theese areas. Check out rean facts,save your nonsense for your self. Everything you are saying is falce propaganda and fake facts
For the mobilisation to be effective, you will need upwards of a year if not longer to properly train, equip and organise 2.5 million men into an effective army ready for war. That is of course if you want to do it properly.......
6:12 that doesn't matter now because the political risk is smaller than the risk of losing the war. as I said Russia can't allow it self to lose the war
I would like to hear Nato say that it will apply Article 5 to any use of a nuclear weapon.
I thought as soon russer went in that would be it but respect to Ukraine
Holy shit he actually did it
Moscow horde´s war record :- 1856 defeated by Britain and France 1905 defeated by Japan 1917 defeated by Germany 1920 defeated by Poland, Finland,  Estonia and all Baltic states  1939 defeated by Finland 1969 defeated by China 1989 defeated by Afghanistan  1989 defeated in the Cold War.  1996 defeated by Chechnya  2022 defeated by Ukraine WW2 won USA/Britain , meanwhile  Stalin's officers  were shot or sent to the Gulags. Millions went to the Gulags, including Solzhenitsyn  Moscow's only victories come from invading smaller countries :- a) Hungary 1956 b) Czechoslovakia 1968 c) Moldova 1992 d) Georgia 2008
I do not think Putin has thought this through. If they annex parts of Ukraine, and claim Russia is being attacked then attacking Moscow is no worse
Three mechanised brigades penetrating a military vacuum and being cut to pieces my missiles is a success?
What happens if Russia drops nukes? Other than death I mean, like are we going to join the war or are we just gonna let Ukraine get steamrolled
all lies . dis information
I'd be surprised if no nuke is launched by the end of the year.
Russians are dying for a crazed dictator's fantasies, Ukrainians are dying to defend their homeland against invaders.
great Job Putin/Rusia! may you reclaim the land of your fellow friends and stop the ukranian tyrany uppon your people!
No western media is allowed or present inside the Ukraine battle areas the tiny snip of details you have about the battles are coming from make believe no American media is anywhere  near these areas -  and this isn’t a war it’s an annexation - I live here and it’s scary how little you know about this issue
If Putin tells his forces to go "nucular", he will suffer from an acute case of Kremlin-Flu. For one, the Russian Military leadership is far more "reasonable" that almost bald Stalin. And secondly (and more importantly) his enablers, really will not accept this (and the finacial total loss they will incur) and remove him from power and put someone in the Kremlin that will allow them to buy billion dollar yachts and custom RR Phantoms with spinning wheel caps.
Partial mobilization, then full mobilization, then nukes, Putin is giving a clear message Russia is ready to throw everything in to fight in Ukraine.   Now the question is for us, are we ready to destroy everything, fighting a nuclear war, for Ukraine?
Ego of a tyrant is going plow more into the ground
Now would be a good time for Japan to take back it's islands and Georgia it's lands and independence. It'd be great if Russia lost territory in this war. ...We can call it that now right?
Rashists: *”Za Putina!”*
4:47 as always you don't know nothing about war. It means more the mobilization than only get troops. It means a mobilization of the economy a change of Russia economy to war production.
Relax people, this is all just a publicity stunt to boost Russian transport industry. It worked like a charm, tickets to anywhere outside of Russia are selling like crazy. And they said sanctions would ruin Russian airlines and train companies. Silly westerners! Business is booming.
so many statements that are flat out incorrect that its getting more and more cringe as you watch it. makes you wonder how they got that information that they feel so confident in publishing it.
Fascinating how a country that is not at war according to it's leader needs a mobilization.
Putin is careening into world war.  If god exists, please stop Putin from dragging the world through that horror again.
No offense, but you are too much into the western propaganda… Russia is not running out of weapons, and in the recent counter-offensive Russia only lost a few hundred men while Ukraine lost 5-10k men. And the stories of alcoholism and lack of discipline were started back in February already, with no substantiation. Watch channels like Redacted and similar non-partisan reporting to get better info
Why is It a surprise?? Russians came in with a limited offensive (calling it a special military operation) but constant Weapons supply from EU & US it became a full scale war, so it's not a surprise that there's a partial mobilization . I wouldn't be surprised if there's a full scale mobilization.
The world is coming to the end 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What a ridiculous narrative. Western Ukraine is only still around due to being given more aid and arms than entire Russian military budget. Ukraine making rapid progress? Losing thousands of troops in their "counter offensive." Russia puled out and only lost hundreds
I’m an Australian living in Russia not a single thing you said is remotely true -
Putin get pent up and gets serious because of US and NATO's meddling 😹😹😹 modern nuclear war will be the dawn of the new world order that west has been planning for so long
Even if in the worst case Russia ends up using nuclear weapons, it will be ultimately shooting themselves in the foot.   Such an escalation will just in my eyes crystalize western support for Ukraine and forever paint Putins Russia as the bad guys. Not to mention internally within Russia this will look extremely bad for them too. Using nukes is just a bad play imho.
Russia buying North Korean artillery and Iranian drones.  I would never have imagined this was possible. This is beyond a disaster for the Russian weapons industry if they are reaching out for North Korean Artillery and Iranian drones.
Should have played Hearts of Iron 4: No step back before sending all those troops to the frontline.
It's because that time UN general assembly still live. Putin announcement come after the assembly day 1 end.
The US army had their 'surges' in Iraq (2007) and Afghanistan (2010), when they increased troop numbers because the wars weren't going their way. Wars never go as they are planned. Perhaps all generals should be preemptively shot.
the west just dragging out this war. i want russia to just nuke you all
I think this is little more the desperation on Putins part, like he said by the time this mobilization is complete the Ukrainians take back more ground, not only that but troops trained to use western heavy weapons would start making their way into the battle and Russias forces can barely manage against what they are dealing with now. As for the referendum, can you say self-defeating? By announcing that he’s basically saying that the people of the Donbas are now hostages and once word makes it back to them about it I doubt the people of Donbas will be very pleased with being basically told; “in return for you’re loyalty we will always remember your sacrifice.”
Time for nukes.
If it turns out that the Russian people don't want to die in their millions it doesn't matter because Putin can drop an air delivered nuke with just two loyal officers.
...According to the WaPo, NYT, Ukrainskaya Pravda and Kyiv independent.
Most of those people been training from last year, as law was signed to keep military training, all those army games they just had, It is a reserve army for a reason, it is not breach of contract, that is their job kinda.
I say it, but no-one listen me. I say it that we don't have to be happy about Russia defeats and Ukraine victories because the war will escalate meaning that more people wil die. Also the possibility of nuclear war increase. I am a realist I only want the best option that is possible. And I know that Russia can't allow it self lose.
Well, here's what's happened. The idiots that TLDR News supports, Truss, Biden, the german guy, in their drive for a cold war with Russia, have poked the bear a bit too hard and are now about to recieve the payback for it, a hot war.
When ever i see Puting sitting on a ridiculously long table or 15m across the room from his advisors i can't help but think it is not due to covid but metal detectors being unable to detect plastic shivs. The man knows he is in mortal danger. His very survival depends on the outcome of the war. All i can hope for is that there are adults in the room. Especially in rooms that feature a large red button.
Enhanced millitary operation with civilians as soldiers, can we all agree to call this a war, a usual blood bath 🥳 Goog luck to those canon flesh...
You can mobilize a billion people but all you'll give them is sticks and stones.
More fertilizer for the fields of Ukraine
russia concidered Crimea to be their territories and yet done nothing about their bases there being bombed, no-one is taking their claims and treads seriously and we shouldn't worry about it either.
Don't get louder when starting a new sentence. Hurts my ears.
I am afraid you may not be totally accurate. As is fairly well known, Ukrainian forces are nearly eliminated. On the flip side, foreign mercenary forces, mainly "enlisted" by Ukraine supporters, and aided by NATO intel', made "inroads" in territory Russians were ready to "maintain", IOW, partly relieve of intense military presence. So, they hit them in the back, so to speak. Dishonorable conduct, even in battle, requires equal. This is what we are up against. The rest, including your post, is just a rev up, people arousal, and it is regrettable.
Little mans Had a busy day, time for The good  Russian folk  to wake up and take this little man's toys away and put him to bed for a looooooooooooooong time  he's a nutcase dictator, kind regards Mr D
From what I have learned about Russia over the past six months, this feels like a last ditch attempt to prolong the war and by extension Putin's rule and his life, by throwing these men into the woodchopper.
Ah yes enforcing a referendum which reflects nothing based on reality, and no other nation recognizes their sovereignty other than ruZZia. Also ruZzzZia making nuclear threats towards the west is another tuesday morning, it's only relevance is bluff. Hasn't worked so far.
None of these tactics will work. The west will double down too.
FYI: Mobilisation of professional reserves only, not general army reserves or population - that is less than 1% of population.
Good video - scary times but the west must hold its nerve. We always knew that Russia has nukes and that it will say anything. What we didn’t know was how terrible their armed forces were - ineffective and criminally brutal.
Kupyansk isn't captured if you do your research right you ll find out it is split between the oskil river and some parts are ukrainian and some are russian
CAP CAP CAP CAPTAIN NOO NOO NOODLE ARM-LAS
Ukraine should once got there land back .myb carry on and take russia
Interesting why they kept delaying the speech... Did they  planned to declare a total mobilization but realized it's impossible and stupid? Or they just testing the waters?
With Conscription Putin can send his forces he's been holding on to as they were the last of the trained forces that are now available as the conscripts can take over defense duties in country where they are very unlikely to be needed.  Regardless who wins I hope this war ends fast because the suffering has been extreme for the civilians.
It does make me wonder what Putin's aids really think as their country is slowly sliding off a cliff just because of him.  He's starting to behave like a little man in Germany in 1944!
Ukraine is the Russian word for Vietnam.
what a load of toss ... Russia is the best, most professional and deadly army in the world, over any.   See how they lured these nnaazzee's into attacking Kerson, and then getting slaughtered.   And then in the north, in land that they have no interest in (supported by no take over of the local government, any suggestion of a referendum), the goal is to destroy the military, what happened, Ukraine came rolling in attacking the bushes ... and still got slaughtered.   Well, now after this famous Ukrainian victory, Russia have rolled their sleeves up, supporting the Donbass Republics, and Kerson to hold their referendum which means ... Ukraine nnaazzee's attack Russian soil then watch out.   Unlike the special military operation, Russia and her allies were invited guests into the Donbass region, essentially the Donbass were running the show ... not now.   Once the Donbass Republic's become part of the Russian Federation then bam! Slow time, Russian General Mud and Winter are just around the corner (light snow in Poland I hear), wait till winter kicks in, see how many EU governments fall, imagine all the chaos on European streets.   NATO expanding??? into what, just a military arm of broke ass states.   Interesting times ...
Precisely!!! Those territories constitute threats to Russia.... Nukes. This is dangerous...he could set one or more off..  he already set up the pretext.... Then chain reaction...
Due to lol war support putin could only bump up to partial mob. He’s gonna have to also try and buff stability as mutinies is gonna drive him up to extensive conscription soon. Or ideally finish focus war economy and build more cas should be fine then if not all adults serve is his next option
Clearly the tip of the Soviet sickle has been taken and votes for Russian advance, much like Russian support in Abkhazia, is not recognized by the world. Is this a way to use the Caucasus in order to leverage the Kremlin's attempts to solidify a business arrangement?
From Putin's perspective, it would be legal to formally annex Washington DC tomorrow, and order all NATO forces out under threat of nuclear war. The question is 'should we abide to such blackmail?'. Obviously not.
if putin has done it from the start he will win but what happen in thise past months only demoralized russia, these strategy only viable if your troops has a very high morale.
I'll tell you, guys, what's happening. If February 24th we, Ukrainians, woke up with some feel of fear inside of our hearts, today we woke up with laughing over every statement that ruzzian government did. Not even a year passed, and these clowns already lost their ability to spread fear among us. I can not even imagine how 300.000 of fresh walking meat can help them to win. They don't even have enough of high-quality equipment for those who already dying in Ukraine)
Get to the point holy shit.
Use Nuke and finish this Sh*t show. Everyone will forget this atrocity in few decades, hell if Russia donates few billions and help rebuild. EVERYONE will even ignore this as  they  ignored two actual nuked innocent cities. Its war crime only if you lose.
Winter is coming, for Russia
Referenda are exactly what are needed, but they need to be independently monitored. If the "international community" was honest, this would be on offer.
Can Russia please throw 100K+ forced conscripts that are poorly equipped and trained in to Ukraine in the middle of winter?   Nothing wrong can go with that plan at all.
It all counts down to nuclear war. What's worse is that nato and the west would probably "forgive" few nukes in ukraine, in order to save the rest of the world from global nuclear conflict and russia would probably argue that US used nukes in Japan and so RU did the same, to "stop the ukrainian nazis" - it will all be bullsthit.
Putin will fight to the last Russian. Well... That perfectly suits us.
5:38 I am wondering Chomsky will blame again US for Putin's speech/actions.
Bullocks again. And a lack of intelligence and real journalism. The same is true for all the people giving you a positive comment.
They will double down....It's win or die...He doesn't care if he grinds the army down to nothing.
People worried about nukes make me laugh. The media plays it up and soy journos play into their hands.
Crimea and Belgorod have been punished for a while, so I don't see how these incredibly dubious annexations change a damn thing. Russia must be severely and decisively fractured.
Agree with a lot what your saying but russia is fighting nato no one disagrees with this plus they were short of soilders from the start and their gains in Ukraine is still massive do I personally believe him on the nuclear threat one hundred percent
Cam Putin pls just take all his money, take a plane and fly some where without telling anyone and shut up for the rest of his life.
1. If he does use nuclear weapons it will just be in Ukraine. Yes the fallout will spread to other areas of the world, but thats not as bad as people think 2. I doubt the Russians even have modern nuclear weapons...looking at the tanks and military equipment used...its obvious. A lot of it is probably cold war stuff thats outdated and won't even work. The status 6 is a fairy tale.
Russia has the hardware but not the software. With 300,000 extras (if they can find) they will continue to suffer with there old war strategy... Worst is East Ukrainians are not supporting this War and Russia youth are fighting for them. How to be motivated?
Below average analysis.
Warning for people with headphones: the audio level in this video is extremely loud
Novorossiya is a reality. Kharkhov is a sideshow. The NATO army is spent in the Northeast and is static. Russia is about to rain hell now that the Donbas is Russia.
The immediate referenda would allow Russia to move their regular army into those territories afterwards because they would become Russian territory in their understanding after the Russian Duma accepts the outcome of the referenda. This would free the SMO forces from their defense obligations they have right now and allow them to prepare for new attacks until they have "freed" the rest of the Donbas region. And if Ukraine doesn't step back at that point and still attacks those territories then this would lead to Russia in its own understanding being forced to defend its own territory which means that Russia's military would now be allowed to act way more freely compared to the restraints it had to operate within during the SMO so far according to the existing Russian laws. Russia could even trigger a defense emergency call to its allies like Belarus and some other countries that have a defense contract with Russia. And they could accept it because the necessary legal base now has been created based on international laws. It doesn't matter that much what the West will or will not accept here. As it looks like Russia is going to amp up the "game" here and once that happens we will probably see how it looks like when Russia really goes to war. So far they still called this "only" a SMO.
Putin cannot and will never admit defeat... This operation is tied to his life and power. He fails he dies....Think Trump election with nukes in the middle of a war....
Putin really understimate russian wives information network, there will be a coup alright.
How exactly is a partial mobilization going " ALL IN!"?
This Putin's announcement of Partial (why not Full) Mobilization is a sign of Russia's Failure in Ukraine, it is a sign that Manpower is depleted and there is an Urgent Need to Enlist Soldiers for the Frontline, his stubborn refusal to call his Military Adventure a "war" and arresting Russians for calling it so, and now his about turn eating his own words has brought shame and disrepute to Russia and Particularly to himself, and his repeated Threat to use Nuclear Weapon if there is existential threat to Russia, which could now include the Donbass the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic which Russian Separatists backed by Moscow are calling for a Referendum which outcome to be part of Russia is almost certain to materialize, and which he would point out is an Existential Threat to Russia and therefore would legitimise a Nuclear Response, for which the Western Powers Particularly the US must give a Robust and Unequivocal Response, otherwise he would assume that Joe Biden is Very Weak and would Buckle under his Threat.  The World is now watching what the US President, currently the Free World's Standard Bearer, would Response to Putin's Desperate Threat making it clear to the  Authoritarian Despot that America's Response is Also Not A Bluff.
Look at the bright side, many more Russians will be sent to hell…that’s a good thing for everyone…
Nothing that was not expected. Survival. Sacrifice the little people.  Excuse to rid himself of unwanted "citizens" while clinging to power. Just gross. Banana republic at best, garbage state ...
It's how Putin get all enemies and honest poor mans away from Russia.Send them to war
When your troops are running away, on foot, abandoning every scrap of equipment, YOU HAVE LOST!
The railway from Belgorod/Valuyki passes through Troitske in Ukraine which is within artillery range of the West of the Oskil, so the lines are already effectively cut without pushing east. The UAF doesn't want to have to hold a huge line in N Luhansk where they have long supply lines and the Russians have short given that with the supply cut there's little strategic value to it. Neither do they want the Russians to have a shorter frontline to concentrate forces and they especially don't want them on the old 14-22 frontline which is incredibly fortified.  The obvious killer blow would be to cut the corridor to the South and then blow the Kersh Bridge but the Russians have strengthened that front. Which is why the Lyman front is crumbling, they really are weak there so they could capture Lysychansk and Severodonetsk. I don't see how the Russians can stop this now but let's see.  I also suspect the five armoured battalions that took Kharkiv haven't been put into action again yet.   I wonder what the UAF will do next...
Dont advance. Dig in. The russians wave will come. Create meatgrinders.
Shoigu:  - the Russian army lost 5937  - Ukraine lost half of its army  - mobilization is needed in the Russian Federation  Are they sure they didn't mix anything up?
I'm a Russian guy. AMA
Because china is backing Russiaand they supplying weapons,US should start supply THAAD and nuclear weapons to Poland and to attacked Russia territory, Russia 90% of there nuclear warhead is not ready,US should start attack Russian mainland now.
Ultimately, it's time for the Russian People to decide to either stop this madness coming out from the Kremlin (aka Putin) or support a monster, it's unfortunately as simple as that. So will the Russian People be heroes for Freedom and Liberty and stop this Madman who thinks he is running Russia, or will they gladly go hand in hand to the slaughter house of war....because Putin say's so.
This version of mobilization still does not include force conscription of Moscow and St Petersburg citizens... If Putin wants to use nukes, he does not need any excuse to do so. This is just a show of intimidation.
if that happens and russia lose, theyll just given ukraine a reason to also take russian territory as reparation or collateral. what a disaster for russia.
NATO NAZIS!
Armchair warriors who engage in tactical analysis make the thought that if knowing the strategy is so simple then no one can win.....and they probably CAN'T! But is is obvious to dumb rat that if Putin shoves in lots of raw conscripts the chances are almost guaranteed they will be anihilated, this will have the effect that the chief rat will do something MORE rotten, he is a dangerous rat and is willing to keep his position down to the last Russian and down to the last nuke if any one dares attack Russia,  BUT HIS THIS RAT'S rules decree Russia is allowed to threaten, attack, murder, rape and pillage any one they want......this is ULTIMATELY not going to wind up good for him unless he does withdraw..and he wont - so what have we got..not a stalemate , but an incredible wick that is already smouldering and can ferment into a flame to burn and explode into the greatest catastrohpe in humah history EXCEPT FOR ONE THING.........Elimination of Putin and his regime is essential to avoid a dark and desperate occurence in the annals of humanity. It would make sense in the short term to have the , what I would call "buffer zone" the area of Ukraine which the Russians now occupy that borders  Russia on one side and Ukraine on the other , to temporarily become a united nations administered territory , if this we passed at U . N. level , it would be hard for Russia to not accept it, but as they are on the permanent board it can't happen and that is just plain stupid that the U N has this permamnet member thing where one can veto everything, they did away with the league of nations and reivented it with th U N and over the years we have seen the uselessness of how it operates, look at Mynmar as an example, BUT I digress, what we have is what we have and there is, unfortunately only one solution, it is either Putin and his buddies or catastrophe and ohh why ...ohhh why ..cant the west do something!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TLDR: Nothing that will make a decisive impact on the war.
Putin believes his own lies just for his own gains he  he wants the ussr back and a power trip and for that the Russian people suffer and the Ukraine people suffer. We need to send another 200 himars to Ukraine to help them Out more
This hoi4 campaign doing horrendously tbh
The nuclear saber rattling isn’t of much concern. Putin knows that if he were to use any type of nuke that B-2s and F35s would be in the air. That the Black Sea Fleet will be turned into a bunch of submarines. The Russian air force operating in Ukraine will see what air superiority looks like. The Russian military positions in Ukraine will look like Grazny did when the Russians were done with it.   Putin also has to know that the entire world (well, minus the irrelevant countries like Syria and NK) would turn against him. Russia would be sanctioned even harder then they are now. The backdoor selling to Russia in violation of sanctions would end. China wouldn’t rescue Russia. Turkey wouldn’t rescue Russia. They’d have no one.
It’s a case of ‘desperation’. Putin is defeated but will not accept the humiliation - he’s scouring his country for fighting men - emptying prisons for example. Those men will be allowed out of prison to fight but will abscond at their first opportunity. None of them have one iota of respect for Putin, he rules by fear and threats. It’s almost over!!!
Ukraine about to find out. What a waste of money sending arms into Ukraine
I decree and declare that nothing putin will do prosper he'll go down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down until he's defeated for good and Russia will not rise again in Jesus Christ name Amen
YouTube knows what Russia is going to do before they know 😂
1: Good luck drafting these civilians 2: Good luck replacing them in the economy 3: Good luck motivating them to die in a "3 week special operation" now 4: Good luck training these unmotivated people 5: Good luck arming, feeding, heating, resupplying and ordering these men 6: Good luck doing that with sanctions  Good thing the Russian army proved itself to be incredibly efficient and not corrupt HAHAHA
Well everyone has been making defenses/countermeasures for dealing with nukes so I'm not sure how much nukes will actually help, it could make things worse for them since the rest of the world is going to want to mobilize against them.
Проведение референдумов делает ЛНР и ДНР областями РФ, соответственно РФ получает другие рычаги воздействия на Украину, в том числе, нанесение ядерных ударов и применение мощных вооружений. Солдатам РФ гораздо проще воспринимать себя защищающими что-то, а не легионерами. К тому же, это позволяет обезопасить границы РФ, типо Белгорода, который попал под атаку Украины. В Донецке же, 19 сентября, 13 человек погибло после удара Украины по центру Донецка, это было особо неприятно в контексте того, что у РФ из-за поставки Западом вооружения, нет возможности обезопасить контролируемые территории. И я не говорю, про массовые казни и пытки жителей Харьковской области, получивших российские паспорта. Одним словом, я считаю частичную мобилизацию правильным и естественным шагом. Относительно речи Путина - TLDR, вы вырвали из контекста, речь про угрозу применения ядерного оружия, в то время, как Путин, указал на прямую угрозу Запада, для существования России. P.S С тактической и стратегической точки зрения, Путин заманивает в ловушку ВСУ, заставляя их сорвать референдум и идти в постоянное наступление.
Zov
Russia has been enticing volunteers/fools to fight in Ukraine to earn the equivalent of an annual salary in one month. The ones they are mobilising now are the ones who did want to take that offer. Imagine how much these guys don't want to go to Ukraine? I do believe that most Russian guys of prime fighting age or previous military experience are media savvy and know what is going on in Ukraine. They definitely don't want to be part of it and Putin, will find this out.
I just hope (Russian) National Republican Army will manage to get Putler imprisoned or force him to go Hitler's route otherwise we might get close to turning this blue marble into nuclear conflagration...
Remember that we’ve already seen many attacks on Crimea and Belgorod. Don’t buy into Putins propaganda
people refuse to short on the markets even more and Putin will continue the war until they will! In reality USA, Ukraine, China and Russia are best buddies and Europe is the suckers AGAIN (like on WW2)
Thae only proof you need that this is completely crazyness is that if Putin had a heart attack and died tomorrow the war would be over and peace conversations and arrangement would be had instantly. It´s all beacuse of this Narcissist psyco madness. He will never stop until he dies, sadly.  He doesnt care about who dies, only cares about how he will be remembered or some ridiculous thing like that, he probably have problems getting an erection (i´m not joking about this, i´m serious), psycopaths like this when they begin a body decline they usually get into this crazy wars. Sadness is that the military will obey, their general should just take the man to the psycologist.
Putin: Dude, we need some help here. P.S. bring your own tank.
There goes the oil price....
Russian pro war moms, time to prove your dedication to your mighty leader and send your kids to the front. Don't worry they have been training a lot in CoD. Make them a big goodbye meal before they leave.
Another 300,000 unprepared, unsupported Russians destined to fertilise the soil of Ukraine as sacrifices to the egotism, greed and evil intent of a single man and his henchmen. I wonder how long ordinary Russians can continue to stay quiet in the face of the aggression and criminality of their own government and how long they will be willing to collude in the murder of their Ukrainian brothers.
Yampil is not liberated. Yarove on the other hand is. Please get your facts straight in order to avoid confusion. Thanks a lot for your time ❤
Killing the Ukraine citizens and it's supporters , then announce a referendum...who will win?...
Perhaps, it’s worth saying that Ukrainians were reacting positively to the news for three reasons: - It basically confirms that Russia isn’t doing too great in the war. - It creates destabilising force of people not supporting the so-called “special military operation” - It drives people to understand, that the propaganda of Russia about this being not a war isn’t true anymore.
150 pp and he will go up to war economy
Putin has made a common noob mistake, Partial Mobilization will only speed up military factory construction. If he wants to have more manpower he has to up the conscription law from Volounter Only to Limited Conscription.
His last tenuous connections with reality are stretching to some new limits! Would he really contemplate Russian suicide by nuclear means?
I think an issue a lot of people  don't see is that Putin is backing himself into a corner... eventually his only option willl be nukes
"Not one step back" Hmmm....
Inside Russia did a good piece on the failures and the typical Russian people's response of looking for someone to blame and what to do next. I'm taking a partial mobilisation as a reading of the general mood of the population as not being so willing to die for a lie. When the Wagner boss said it's either convicts or your sons, that says something about the feelings in RU about the SMO.
Nato has 300000 soldiers stationed in Europe ...on full alert ... US and UK wants to launch their attack as soon as Russia is weakened reasonably.... Putin is getting ready for facing that major attack expected from NATO in the near future ....
Russia is slowly but steadily becoming North Korea 2.0, they're even using their arty now!
“What the hell is happening?”   Russia is losing
How about the Ukrainians and the West “acknowledge” that it’s a special military operation and pretend that they’re not fighting a state, but local rebellions so Ukraine could join Nato quick?
TLDR - if you can pronounce it wrong, pronounce it wrong.
So putin is gonna put more men instead of more supplies. And actually put more strain in the supply chain. Now thats what i called makong the situation worse.
Russia bouta spam hordes of Btg
untrained, under equipped, poorly feed troops= dead troops
These called up people are homeless people, criminals, and the poor. 2 weeks of training, 1950s uniforms, WW2  weapons, poor or non existent food and medical supplies, drunk and cowardly commanders, that is what Putler is sending to a hornets nest he disturbed, and are fighting for the just cause, their country.
YOU NEED TO FIX YOUR AUDIO!!!! I love your content, but it's just incredible how bad your audio is on any of the TLDR channels! It's up to a point where don't want to watch anymore... Cheers!
Yes, i love the smell of RUssian desperation first thing in the morning. Let history remember that the supposed 2nd army in the world wasn't capable of taking the poorest country in Europe and had to mobilize the civillian population in order to just hold the line. Now, can we finally see what's in the Land Lease 2.0 ? Because now the United States have absolutely no reason to hold back.
It's correctly call "so called LNR, DNR" because it's not republics in any meaning, it's just russian proxes. It's Ukraine territory occupied since 2014, as well as Crimea
Integrity ?
Its Russia, they’ve been waiting to click that mobil button since February
F Ukraine
The guy is completely crazy, so sad, the only investment here would be to pay for many psycologysts, so sad that their own military will obey a madman, that is the sadness of the military people, no consciousness or thinking by themselves. That´s the reason a crazy guy can take everybody to madness just like Hitler did. We´ve learned nothing.
Ukraine should air-drop vodka over the new Russian troops.
You speak as if there are zero problems with logistics munitions and experience with the NATO/Ukrainian side. I find these analyses concerning as a false sense of security is portrayed as if all problems are Russian.  Ukrainian forces were defeated Months ago and we see the clandestine input of NATO forces who are now killed on the battlefield along with thousands of tonnes of military equipment, which EU country is willing to give more??  The use of equipment from Russian allies is not at all reflective of logistical supply status of man or machine, it's merely allowing allies to gain battle experience which includes homemade weapon systems and tactics in a live theatre (normal)   It's the same situation involving NATO forces, why not let allies deploy? how you equate 2.000.000 reservists will make no difference is truly mindboggling  Contracted forces are the logical option before major offenses take place
Russia should be more worried about China turning on them then what the West will do.
This Special Memeitary Operation is going strong, now he will send more Memeitaries to Ukraine, a force composed of 300.000 memes, imagine that.
If he uses nuclear, that will get NATO forces involved and will be the start of WW3.
Putin's new strategy of mobilizing 300,000 troops is doomed for failure for a number of reasons: 1) reinforces NATO's will to support Ukraine and gains additional international support 2) pressures international markets to further boycott Russian energy 3) causes maximum internal distress in Russia with the possibility of regime overthrow 4) impossible to hold government in annexed territory, insurgency and constant threat of military attack 5) prolong the war with ailing and failing military equipment with no means or finances to replenish 6) levies new sets of sanctions further crippling a diminished Russian economy...In short, Russia's continuous and irresponsible talk of nuclear threat is the one and only ace in its hole and the Russian people will never allow that to happen.
What a mad lad.
The Ukrainian army should just promise a case of vodka to any defectors.  The war could be won in a week.
A call up of 300,000 reservists should help Putrid in dealing with unemployment caused by the sanctions. They may not have any weapons left, but Russia has a lot of forests. Maybe they can sharpen some sticks to use as spears, although I don’t think wooden spears have the same range as HIMARS. 😂
"Partial" because putin knows he's losing the Russian "support". It's a clear sign that Putin is in despair mode........ While he keep sayin "everything is according to plan".. :| indeed......
The Ukrainians should be equipped with tactical nukes.
All thanks to Biden
Wen is the NATO and USA nuclear mobilisation,which Putin eager want to,
Putins speach was so twisted... Like everything he said was true, if only you change "the West" and " Nato" with "Russian army".... Insane what a different world he presents to the Russian people...
I hope these refreshly mobilised troops act on their own self interest and overthrough this delusional old man.
Putin can't take Ukraine w/out killing lots of Russians - so kill kill kill is Putin's goal
The voice could use a bit of compression, and the signal seems a bit HOT. Somewhat distracting.
Just so you now, Vlad isn't the alternative pronounciation of Vladimir, Vova is.
Can you discuss possible implications of russia using nuclear weapon?
Time for NATO personnel to 'conscript' to the Ukraine army! Russia did it with Belarus and Chechnya.
This looks like an ultimate Don't atack us or we will use nukes. It's a bluff. Russia is weak
I believe the mobilization of troops, yes, it's to try and retake ukraine, but also to stop uprisings, rebellions and social disturbances  within the Russian federation too.  Putin doesn't care if his army loots a foreign state, so, he's going to suppress his own people with these new laws 10 to 15 years in prison for Looting in Russia itself. Desertion   ect is another indicator of the Russian mindset concerning the state of his young men who have not signed any contract with the Russian armed forces...
In short whoever the news media tells you to support make sure you support the other side 🇷🇺
In short whoever the news media tells you to support make sure you support the other side 🇷🇺
What are you saying putin?, you illigally enter the other country which is not yours..now you will held  a referendum?, how about the nato enter russia illigally and put a referendum saying it's theirs a part of Nato..
So what are the new Russian 'recruits' going to be fighting with ?  Pointy sticks ??
Great news… in 6 months we will have 300.000 Russians less 🎉
When America is involved you know there's gonna be a war
you are happening
That’s quite a hole he’s digging. Who in Moscow will bury him in?
Bloomin heck - you're quick of the mark with this!
Did Russia ever win a war?
Putin didn’t really have a choice. He’s losing his special military operation and needs more bodies to throw into the fire. If the western world can steel its resolve and Ukranian morale holds; Russia cannot win. It will be economically AND politically unfeasible. If America can’t win a protracted guerrilla war then there’s no way in hell Russia can either without the usage of tactical nuclear weapons. And when those start to fly then not even China can support the Russians.
Just days ago Putin said he wanted the war to end quickly, this is what he told Türkiye's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.    This move by Putin will prolong the war, make Russia poorer, and weaker.   Russia military was the 2nd most powerful, time the war is over it will be lucky if it is in the top 10.
A friend of mine who lives in Russia told me how the military service is done there. Initially, I couldn't believe that, but what we see today makes that appear true. So, as he said, when the time came to train tank battles, 4 men holding up a wooden frame the size of a real tank took it to the field. And that wooden frame was the tank itself. No one of them during the entire year fired a single tank shell. Only drove once.  And the inspection is another story. When the committee comes with a tech inspection of the vehicles, they only looked that the tank starting. As he said, not even all the tanks had batteries and they just kept swapping one from tank to tank. No driving or shooting tests are required. That explains why some captured soldiers say their tanks can't shoot.
That's so fucked up, I can't even explain. I hope people will start to resist now more actively. I'm from Moscow and hate this fucking regime. But until today there were not so many people to oppose it. Hopefully that will change soon. I feel sorrow for both sides of this imperialistic war.
Comment section is gold, lol! Game over for Zelensky period!
Nonsense
why dont give ukranians nuclar weapons , and say the same ? if u threat ur country , we are able to use nuclear too ? at this point every single country should get nuclear power to prevent this to happen , or no one hav to hav emm
Putin is running scared and his ladyboy friends will not let him ruin their luxury lifestyle. He’s getting to be a bigger and bigger joke everyday.
Ultimately, the russian people in Ukraine, who want to join Russia should then move, and F OFF to Russia!  Problem solved!
I have a dark dark guess. I think at the end, Putin will use a tactical nuclear weapon to first bomb Kiew, give Ukraine a chance to surrender, and one or two days later bomb the next big city. Question what can the west do? Not much and in a way needs to do everything. Cause if Ukraine falls Russia is not only at the front of NATO but also has the bread basket of Europe and the world including one of the biggest besides Russia fertilizer production and some important rare mineral and as soon Europe/NATO intervenes Putin might attack with nuclear weapon - here is the question do they still work and if yes will he be able to push the button or will one block the chance to do.  This looks really really bad cause I don't think Putin will push the boundaries to guarantee his victory at any prise which means tactical nuclear weapons.
Nobody is talking about the CSTO in this situation on the news. Will Russia call on Collective Security Treaty Organization to defend them?
Sounds like time to blow up some train tracks in a bunch of places to cut off the Orc's supply lines. Preferably while a train is passing by so it can be blown up too. And block the roads.
I'm starting to think that if Ukraine never given up their nukes Russia ain't invading or won't try to threaten to nuke because they'll also get nuke in the process.
This is desperation. Russia does not have the equipment to arm a force that won’t be available for 3-6 months, it doesn’t have the NCO or Officers to man any units formed.  The threat of nuclear force is most likely to force the oligarchs hand to remove Putin.
2.5 million men might sound like a lot given the 200 to 300 thousend men they have deployed so far. But the entire mobilisation process will take a long time. Weeks if not mounths. And there is the major issue of morale within such units as well even when or if they manage to deploy them.  Thus there is the question if they have an equipment to arm them with besides hand held weapons. In theory there is ten of thousends of tanks and IFV stockpiled but they havent done much to replace theyere losses with them so how could they expect them to suddenly form the core of all those mobilzied personal? Or will they be deployed as foot soldiers?  Finaly they nuclear threat and or threat or a "defensive" war with NATO. I cant think that even Putin will belive that such an agression will get no response from the west. Thus there is the idea of where to deploy them in such a way that they can affect the battlefield without harming theyre own troops - Troops whom cant have much NBC protection by the showing of theyre battle capacity. This sort of martial law combined with nuclear threat must be intended for theyre own people and theyre own troops morale whom seams to be rotting by the hour.  In the past we have seen a lot of cases where wartides has changes due to new and fresh troopes being added such as the counteroffensive in Stalingrad. But rarely has that sort of fresh troops had any major effect on a rotting army. Mobilising reserves had little use to the germans around Berlin in 45 for example.  More often than not its thrue that if an army has become this beaten and the other side has such a morale as the ukraininan has at the moment there can be little done to rescue the rooting side. Johan.
I hope he gets as kicked. I don’t know why but I’m pretty sure the day he uses a nuke the whole Russia as we know it will be erased in a matter of minutes. He can let one go before uSA, France, he, Germany, Canada, let go everything. Russia government are all talks and talks but they never back it up
Awesome .. more cannon fodder
He spent a lot of political power, I'd saved them for "scrapping the barrel"
We're at war with Russia. An undeclared war and our forces aren't fighting Russian troops directly, but we're at war with Russia. If we don't stop Russias aggression now, when?
It's not partial
Isn't mobilisation considered war? its no longer a "military exercise".
It took him 7 months to get 150 political power to go to partial mobilization
If Putler is so depleted of men and weapons…..it’s time for a greater push from other fronts. NATO wake up.
Vladimir Putin is desperate. He should be shown the view from a 70 story building as a gift for his 70th Birthday on 7 October.
Putin is definitely on his way out. This will make it happen faster. The only thing I'm worried about is if he decides to "press the button" on his way out. I just hope the men in charge of carrying out the order are brave enough to refuse. I would if I were them: I'd rather be jailed for treason than start a nuclear war.
One solution to end the war is to allow the collective brainpower of YouTube to manage Russia.
Sending more russian soldiers to ukraine means many have die.. Who would want to die for baldy(putin)..?👈😕🙁
If its helpful - the cities with "Kh" in front, like Kharkhiv or Kherson, are Latinising the letter "X," so the K shouldn't be pronounced as a hard K, it's more like an H with a heavy phlegm in front, a bit like "Khuh."  "Herson" would be closer than saying Kerson, though still not perfect.
Putin's tactics is similar to UK tactics when it invaded Australia, India and other Commonswealth countries-same old story then.
It is fascinating  how  you people  lies  rs
The West is kicking your ASS,,,,HAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to remind everyone, the course for Ww2 was more or less set with a "referendum", annexation through cultural affiliation (Czechia), and the belief no one would stop them. I hope the west is built with stronger men than Chamberlain the Appeaser.
Not a war . War has never been declared . This is a conflict started by the U.S. and their puppet NATO. during  a real war  such as WWll , millions of tons of bombs are dropped like the fire bombs on Japanese cities , like London was bombed by the Nazis or like the millions of tons dropped on German cities by the U.S. killing hundreds of thousands of civilians. The U.S. lit up Bhagdad like the fourth of July , killing thousands of civilians . The Conflict in Ukraine is cherry picking targets to avoid civilian casualties. Get your facts straight.
Now putin is going for number black mail
It will last as long as the WEF want it to...
hope he also ordered more body bags....
Putins army will be put in half of a stadium. Only that much
After the defeat, catastrophic changes await Russia ... (The forecast of the philosopher Mikhail Aroshenko, the city of Dnipro, Ukraine) *When will the war in Ukraine end? The ancient Greek philosopher Plato argued that only the dead see the end of the war... The other day, near Kharkov, the Armed Forces of Ukraine not only defeated, but intellectually outplayed the troops of the Russian Federation. The Armed Forces of Ukraine used the tactics of the famous boxer Muhammad Ali: "Fly like a moth and sting like a wasp!" As a result, Ukraine received trophies in a week - about 300 tanks, guns and armored vehicles. The myth of the invincible "second army of the world" has been dispelled once again. * Roll call of centuries: After the defeat in the Crimean War of 1853-56. The Russian Tsar abolished serfdom. After the defeat in the "Crimean War" 2014-2023. Russia is waiting for historical changes... * 55 thousand soldiers and officers of the Russian Federation, 11 generals have already died in battles ... The flagship of the Black Sea Fleet, the cruiser "Moskva", lies at the bottom. In the Crimea, at the airfield near Saki, in one day on 08/09/22, 23 aircraft and helicopters of the 43rd Sevastopol Aviation Regiment (half of all fleet aircraft) were destroyed or damaged. This missile attack will go down in the history of wars. There have been no such one-time losses in the USSR-Russia since 1945. Russia has already lost 468 planes and helicopters, over 6,000 tanks and armored vehicles... Mobilization will not save it.  * "Why do we need such a world if there is no Russia?" - said Putin. In the Caucasus, they answer: "Why do we need such a Russia, because of which there will be no peace?" To get away from sanctions, the USSR-2 will be created - the Siberian Soviet Social Republic with its center in Novosibirsk. An independent Tatarstan and a renewed Chechnya will receive Turkey's support. The real Russia is no more than other average countries in the world. The rest of the national republics are its colonies, which one way or another will become free.  * The Kremlin has long suffered from imperial "political schizophrenia" - megalomania and delusions of persecution ... The Putin era will end in disgrace, but "collective Putin" will remain. 70% of the population from the "generation of envy of the successful" supported the war. The historical genetics of Russia is the permanent seizure of foreign lands and property, the recognition of someone else's as one's own. * After the defeat of Putinism, a new stage of renewal will begin. From the period of supporting the war - to freedom of expression, creative life, creative economy and politics!
Its a sign of defeat"' imagine how the 2nd powerful country in the world cannot defeat a small  former ussr territory... It show's russian's  are not rank the 2nd powerful country...
Damn, i never would have thought id witness the absolute collapse of that disgusting, parasite filled country we call Russia.
hahahhahahahahaahah
That "vote" is just exactly what they said. An excuse. They're never counting even if there are ballots and even if there are, who'd believe the people weren't acting under duress? Nope, none of that region belongs to russia now or ever.
Putin is just sending more men into the Meat grinder.  Ukraine will be having more Men, Material and Support in the end since Putin started it in the first place.  The International Community are gonna get more HEAVILY involved. Foreign Volunteers, Humanitarian Aid organizations, every Human being that is gonna keep Russia at bay.   With other Conflicts such as the Border disputes in Tajikistan-Krygzstan borders and the Nagorno-Karbakh Conflict, it's gonna hurt Russia even further.
Putin is prime example for why the world needs strict term limits and laws on politicians
Small correction yampil is not taken yet. Fighting is ongoing there.
NATO could end this right away but is choosing not to. Russia needs humiliating and that can only be done with the force of NATO.
There will be a lot of new Ladas in russia.
Is the idea here that Ukrainians will run out ammo if they throw enough targets on the field? I mean its a tactic in a tower defence game... but i am not sure that soaking up the ammo into forcefully recruited service members is a wise move...  I mean sure he can overpower Ukraine if he throws every fighting age person into the mix... but how long before his secret service runs out of ammo and the lynching begins?
WooPutin with his three inch peanut is never all in  Sooner he disappears the better
Let all hell loose. Go for the invaders. Spare no one who has set foot uninvited on Ukrainian soil. Glory to Ukraine.❤
That is to say.  Why is everyone dismissing the nuke angle and a desperate man maybe losing his grip on power.  As if it is unthinkable thus impossible.  Or thinking meh,  let him shoot one or two in Ukraine, the fallout will blow into Russia.  And nothing will escalate.  Son, we got a loose nuclear cannon in that country and it is foolish to disregard that fully.
Got to give Ukraine long range missles now
This isn’t Ukraine vs Russia, it’s NATO vs Russia. The gloves are now off. It’s a worrying development for us all.
More bullshit
Even with this, it's too little too late as they are low or out of the equipment needed to make this work plus the fact that it will take a min of 90 days to make these soldiers competent with might I add the Russians will never do. The Ukrainians are winning and this won't be enough to stop it.
please check you audio settings, sound is distorted (overdriven)
can you get more gay than this guy
Putler is a terrorist and should be treated accordingly, period!
The Battle for Helm's Deep is over.  The Battle for Middle Earth is about to begin.
call his bluff
The last days of a dictator.  And drump said this guy was smart, lols.
How much propaganda you want  Tldr .. yesssss
NATO, there are two options here: 1, let Russia have Ukraine at the lowest cost, that is best for all of us. 2, throw everything in to fight Russia, that's the end for all of us.
nobody threatened Russia's territorial integrity. Ukraine is not Russia.
So where are the Nazis that the Russians are supposed to be fighting?
Fake news
Does this mobilization release Ukraine from the restrictions of attacking within the borders of Russia?
When an idiot is losing, and then doubles down, that is what Putin is doing. Ukraine must target the new troops as they enter Ukraine.
Desperation, Putin's days are numbered, just like his American friend.
>mobilisation '1420', a russian vox pop channel, has already been on the streets with the question 'are you willing to die in ukraine?' the peasants in general are unexcited at the prospect.
This will be real good for the Russian economy, and the Russian people will surely love it. Every man's dream is to die a futile death abroad, far from his family, in an unethical war because a dictator needs to keep himself appearing strong.
Putler is now more nuttso now than Yeltsin was believed to be and he needs to be gone by what ever means! Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦💙🇺🇦💛🇺🇦💙
mobilisation is war war vs NATO
I dont think I speak for everyone but I think I speak for most when i say, all Russian complicit with this farce, their lives are forfeit. They deserve death by whatever means necessary. The world can't exist with constant nuclear threats so we either resolve this now or die trying
Undermining Russia’s territorial integrity? How about Ukraine’s territory when you forcibly took it from them by force?? There s no legitimacy to whatever claims these evil forces are talking about!
why they didn't hit the railway until now, with long range rockets..?
Well, if they start mobilizing now, they'll be just in time for winter. How considerate of him.
Ukraine losses 100,000 russia  5,385
Americans made the issue in the first place by threatening the security at the Russian-ukranian border, and now they are celebrating the news. Sit back and enjoy, right?
The moment he launches a nuke, russia will be wiped off this planet.
All those people that might be called up are thinking that they will leave their comfy lives to be killed for a war that they are indifferent about. This will probably result in some sort of revolt in those groups that will be affected.  This may leave him very tempted to use his tactical nukes and then the whole world may be on fire before long.  And to think we got Biden as the leader here.  This is like the perfect storm setting up maybe.  Something only people with blinders on may miss.  And be one of those things that historically looks ridiculous like how WW1 started, etc.  History repeats itself in similar ways,  not exactly the same each time.
Fake news 😎 wait & u will see Russia soon
Putin has forgotten that the west is still merciful to him until he uses nukes.The fellow has forgotten why Austria suddenly got so quiet,Why Japan shut up?Hes life is just spared by the west.Hes as mortal as any other person.
If Putin’s Nukes are as technologically superior as his telephones then I doubt they will even leave the ground!
"What the Hell is Happening" is basically my normal state of mind
RUSIJA RUSIJA JE NAJBOLJA VELIKI POZDRAV OD SRCA ISKRENO SVIM RUSIMA ❤️❤️❤️❤️💯💯💯💯💯🙏🙏🙏👋👋
What might be interesting is, that the mobilization decree is not limited. Reservists and former servicemen were only mentioned in Putin's speech.
if the answer is buying kit from North Korea, you must be in a deep hole (unless it's some sort of conduit for Chinese made equipment)
The situation reminds me of Churchill's words: "This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. It may, however, be the end of the beginning."
this is such an unbelievable shit show that it would be hilarious if the russians weren't y'know bombing orphanages and daycares..
Two and half million would be a full mobilization. He specifically said a partial mobilization so it will likely be 200-300 thousand
Putin is loosing his control over the situation this "special Military operation"  was supposed to be over in a matter of weeks and now he been ongoing for all most a year, even this the mobiliastion its not going to make any diffrence since all the  miliary gear, like tanks PMV´s and other stuff is so way out of date,  when Putin runs out of miliary support , he will have no other choice then use his nukes , and thats where the shit will hit the fan on all , and thats my prediction for the future.
They captured 1% of what Russia captured. 10.000 losses from Ukraine for some cow country.
So it's not really a conscription, it's just a mobilization of the national guard similar to what happened when the US invaded the Middle East.
All reports of destroyed Russian vehicles and troops come from such impartial outlets as "Ukranian Justice". I doubt that they're accurate.
More blood... more Z to Zinc coffins... Time for a Russian coup? (Nott hoppfull 🤮)
Since Putin announced military mobilization, flights out of Russia sold out.. turkish destinations..
Putin is obsessed and delusional. At what point will he realize this war in unwinnable
putin won't use nukes as he knows that if he launches a nuke he gets a nuke launched at him.
Putin says that the West wants to destroy Russia through Ukraine….  hi putin you as the leader of a country which is 20x bigger than Ukraine...you invaded Ukraine....which is much smaller and weaker….  morally the West will definitely contribute to defending Ukraine 🌏💙💛
Putin says that the West wants to destroy Russia through Ukraine….  hi putin you as the leader of a country which is 20x bigger than Ukraine...you invaded Ukraine....which is much smaller and weaker….  morally the West will definitely contribute to defending Ukraine 🌏💙💛
More fodder for the Ukrainians guns.
I mean its pretty obvious that we in the EU and Russia are at war. After all the embargoes set against Russia are on the level of the ones that forced Japan to attack US in WW2. Nobody is talking with Russians and this whole thing is going to keep on escalating till the point of no return as it looks like now.
Now it is becoming clear that peace talks and gas supplies are out of reach. It will be a while before the new troops are deployed. In the meantime the Ukrainians will have taken Lyman and Lysychansk.  But winter is coming, which means deep mud in the fields. It is then only possible to move forward by road and rail. It will also be important to interrupt the railway at Troitske with MIARS. War will take at least another six months.
The BIG question is, is Russia/Putin actually annexing Ukraine?
The partwise mobilisation can also help to silence recent critics, who called for a full mobilisation.  The number of activated troops are 300.000, Putin said, that they go through training before deployed. He also said, that the industry have to speed up the building of new armory.  Best outcome would be, that it will hit the Russian economy even further, while the Ukrain achieve to recapture as most as possible areas.  Even when the fresh troops will be rather untrained in comparison and have not only low moral but also bad equipment, 300.000 soldier are not to be underestimated.  It robs the Ukrain of their biggest adventage - numbers.  My guess is, that it all depends now on how the west reacts to it. The ban to deliver western tanks should finnaly fall, if we want the Ukrain to have a fair chance. Tell your local politcians
If Putin can slap a Russian label onto these parts of Ukraine than NATO can slap a member label onto Ukraine.
so they are getting around 300 000 troops to ukraine which is around 400 000 to 450 000 troops which is alot but isn't going to be good enough offensive force rather defensive
God please strike Putin down
Bs news in Russia. Russia is fighting most of nato countries by themselves
2.5 million dead bodies...  Ukraine will be flourishing after the war, sooo much food for the ukranian soil... Guess Ukraine will be the largest supplier of sunflowers by next year 🤔
Kharkiv didn't have many Russian troops there, what was there was just a military police force, so I wouldn't go bragging. Taking a nothing burger and turning it into a three course meal was inevitable from our media,
Mansteine Electric Defence. Russia will just committed a pincer movement and Ukraine will lose its entire army. USA will launch Trident.
Putin = Trump = not man enough, or smart enough, to know how to lose. So he loses more...and more...and more. The "Loose-Aggressive Gambler" syndrome. The bane of weak minds.
Put ten is on crack wanna start a ww
damn why do english-speaking people always say "CAR-KEY-IW" 🤦‍♀️ it's "hArkiw"
Russia doesn't even have the weapons to supply new recruits or anyone being mobilized. The ukrainians are already capturing conscripts with jerry-rigged guns. And Russia is literally getting caught with World War II era equipment now across the board.   While at the same time Ukraine is getting new weapons from the west and new modern M4 guns from the U.S.   Even half of Russia's helicopter and tank force has been destroyed.   What are these mobilized troops going to use now? Sling shots from Walmart? Spitwads perhaps? 🤣
They couldn't organize supply for previous attack so I can imagine how they organize it for 300k troops xD. Russia showed the world that it was basically a monster on glass pillars and is falling aparat before our eyes. The only fields Russia succeded in, in recent modern history is basically Alcoholizm, poverty and corruption and russian army is visualisation of those successes.   Don't forget the Belarus where people are super antagonistic against Lukashenko and will stand against him as soon as possible.
Very obviously an echo chamber here. There are almost no dead russians in kharkov. You should be afraid if a military allows you to advance that deeply.
biased
He is doing it in the hopes that fear will make the West hesitant of helping more in decisive times. He knows he needs some time to organize Russian new cannon fodder for his renewed operation and fear that by then, he may lose even territories he already considered annexed.   It’s the cornered cat hissing and growling. The mistake would be to give in. The right answer would be to double the help and support before he can finally send more unwilling soldiers to their doom. He will also resort to make the Ukrainian civilians suffer more, targeting cities and their support facilities. Thus the importance of increasing the militar assistance.   You can’t fix an army (the Russian's) in a couple of month and flooding this new wave of reluctant recruits with North Korean (or other shitty country) sketchy artillery and weapons won’t solve anything. He is trying to resort to the oldest and only tactic that Russia has ever had due to its chronic inefficiency: overwhelming numbers. But those aren’t easy to come by on these times (without a huge social cost) from an already aged, decreased population.
Game over for Ukraine. Those neo-|\|azis are gonna get crushed now!
300k reservists will have poor morale knowing that the regular military has already been killed, wounded or captured & they were deployed in early spring not early Autumn. I still don't see Russia winning.
They used nuke as threat as soon as the war started.  No offence Putin, but now not a single one is really believing to it
A quick way to potentially make Putin rethink pressing the button is to include Ukraine in the nuclear umbrella. I bit risky if Putin calls it a bluff tho
I hope it won't come to using nukes.
That's your opinion sir.
Slava Ukraine!!!!!!❤
This is all a bunch of lies....
Looks like a repeat of Russia vs Japan war (pre-WWI). I never understand how at this time - so technology, so much traveling, so much wealth - ppl are going to war of unclear/appears unnecessary terms.
Russia has destroyed most of the railway network that use to carry Ukrainian supplies and weapons too. Things are warming up, as winter sets in.
This means they gonna try capture Kiev  once more.
so essentially he has PUT IN more lives into this mess...
Lets see how many brave pro Putin will shine at the failed side the smart ones will take their own bodybag Ukrainians doesn't do unnecessary costs
We'll see if the Russian public opinion is still prone to waging war when moms Will see their 18yo children go back in coffins...this war is terrible...
7:06 It didn`t, no one knows where it is. Which is more hillarious.
Modi just told Putin in front of the world that it's time for the war to end. Macron repeated that in the UN. China too is reluctant to get involved. If he goes ahead and uses nukes or even looks as if he is going to,  India and China will stop their "take no stance" stance and then who will be send his oil to?
He's calling on 300,000 men with military experience. Not 2.5 million.
when will the world ACTUALLY stop ruzzia???? the whole world should sanction those terrorists
even now putler is coming short to what he actualy needs. at the beginning a succesive invasion was estimated to have needed 600-800k. Now after 100k sepratist joining and 90k russian volunteers in July, their official aim is 300k... Reports suggest that what they call limited mobilization is on paper(lawfully) a full declaration of mobilization that they can gradually expand.  Now with Ukraine massed 700k back in May, and aimed to arm 1-1.5million, this will require entire russian armed forces to be armed...... This 300k force shud take 3-6months to arm, train and ship to the front, now russia doesnt do anything to the book. So expect these troops get 1-2w of training and shipped to "train" on the front... putler will destroy generations of russians.
Russia really fucked up. It showed its hand and it's weak and limp. They can't even takeover a country that's right next to theirs
"Old Iranian drones?" Those drones are brand new and so effective that Ukraine has been complaining to America because of the losses they are causing. Your analysis is absolutely terrible, you're a Zelenski schill and people like you spreading nonsense have prolonged this conflict
Putin has started WW3.
This is not mobilization, this is Volkssturm
An absolute consistent theme of this channel since February is no matter how much Russia/Putin fail this channel still treats hime like a 3 dimensional chess playing bogeyman. Nukes aint gonna happen; stop giving credence to it.
time for russia to stop pussyfooting around and just imitate the usa in mideast. destroy  water, electric, telephone ,internet and rail  . that will get get the godfather's attention.
What if Putin tries to nuke Ukraine and the nuke doesn't initiate? I mean, it goes [pop] but no fission, because the fissile materials are out of expiration date. At this point, shouldn't we find exigent means to remove a psychopath who wants to end the world?
Does Putin understand that Russia invaded Ukraine? Nobody invaded Russia.
Unbiased? And yet you trot out quotes from the American magazine Forbes as gospel? Just more inept Western propaganda by a European political elite willing to sacrifice their own people to bring about the NWO.
Rússia is using the strategy of: quantity wins wars . And well, that worked in wars years ago , even decades ago. But it will work in this war? We don’t know and I hope it doesn’t.
LOL i love satire news channels! RUSSIA is FULLY SUPPPORTED and they are actually doing pretty damn well
Keep dreaming POMMY let’s see what the WESTERN WORLD DOES NOW.  GOD BLESS RUSSIA AND PUTIN
I am wondering what the consequences of this declaration are. Is Ukraine going to accept the new border and not attack "new Russia territories", or will they push further and give Putin a reason to have total mobilisation?
Sounds like we'll be hearing Swan Lake soon.
Yes if the west acknowledges the crazy mans claims there will be penance...
What is more likely? 1. Putin has the resources to train, equip, and support, 300,000 additional troops in the war in Ukraine. 2. Ezra Miller is, indeed, Jesus of Nazareth. 3. The Russian people will believe both to be true if repeated on state media enough times.
It's funny how deluded and wrong your informations are and you say them with such confidence.
if a referendum is held, we should also take ukrain into nato at the same time
Russia obviously feels empowered by recently announced alligiances, for as long as it lasts.
The referendums are not worrying - you can play internal legalistic word games all you want, nothing has changed. You're going to have to fight the Ukrainians if you want to steal their land and if you launch nukes you're going to be nuked in return.
Putin's Special Ego Operation
He'll use nukes before the end of the year
Putin ist so ein krankes Opfer
Putin is a madman terrorist. He must be stopped at any and all costs! Pray for the people of Ukraine and Russia!
Putin is a Bad louser and Like a Little Child who want candy.i want and i want 🎺🥳🤣.he forget The West Have Atomic weapons too.then he still Call The West nazis.i Wonder What happens in The Brain of The Russian people really
I can see what's going to happen by looking at the map.... They wanted them to retake it so they could lure give them a feeling of strength and make Ru look weak when it's not and do the old lasso and circle back. my god.... the Ukrainian gotta pull out this isn't good for them they'll be encircled and decimated.... God bless both sides
It’s all fun and games I suppose
Isn't it ridiculous how Russia needs to buy military equipment from Iran and North Korea? This mobilisation will probably not be seen at the front through the winter which is bad because it's time for this war to end.
I think most of these areas are Russian anyways, we might as well just draw new lines, and be done with it
As a russian : things goes horrible , like shit horrible , there will be 3 waves of mob (depends on age ). There are several type of people who can't be conscripted cause of their jobs. And we will officially declare war in a week.
Hi. Just a friendly note that you may want to put a limiter on your mic recording to stop it from hitting too high and being clipped or being distorted. Your normal talking is okay but every now and again your voice goes up when you emphasize certain words and then the sound gets distorted. A limiter set at -3db will help with that. Else set your mic gain down so you don’t record past -6 or -3 db. As once you have distortion on your recording it is a pain to address in editing. But you can always boost in editing if the recording volume is too low.
Ukraine is struggling with only 17% of Russian military mobilized, Once the referendums take place and the regions agree to join Russia Ukraine will honor these elections and retreat from new Russian land or feel the full wraith from the bear of the east 🇷🇺
Looting is all that motivates them.
the railways are already in firing distance of artillery..so they are forced to relocate supplies anyway
Oh no, dont Desert its only 15 yrs, just died instead
Swan lake
I’m so thankful I’m not Russian.
at a certain point taking pootin out directly starts to look like the path of least resistance and risk 🤷‍♂
Vladimir zelensky is just flying with western wings
Looks like the gloves are off… can US finally provide ATACMS to Ukraine and also be agreeable to covert operations in Russia proper…
Another gross miscalculation by Putler. It's incredible to watch
Your analysis is biased and based on assumptions with a Western View. You are totally wrong in All.
I’m sorry for the 2,5 million working-class Russians who survived military service and will now be sent back to fight Putin’s war. For those who don’t know, Russian military service is hell on earth and those with money have ways to avoid it. Which means only the poor sods who were unable to dodge the draft the first time around will be forced back, while the well-off will be safe and sound
May the Miraculous Kursk Root Mother of God icon intercede with the Almighty for the rapid removal of Putin, Lavrov, Shoigu and their minions from power. May Ukraine be blessed with a just peace. It really is time for Vlad the Bad to "resign" . Russians don't appear to be too thrilled with the coming mobilization.
This may sound dramatic but the Russian people have been given the unfortunate responsibility to stop a third world war.
_Partial_ mobilization is by definition NOT "going all in". Tone down the moronic clickbait titles, please.
Order your troops ;do not run away from the field
Does anyone know what the precise terms of teh questions in these referenda? I'm prepared to bet that the option of becoming part of Ukraine will not appear on the ballot paper.
If this is the case, US and NATO will need to massively up their game.
One total megalomaniac has just signed the death certificates for thousands and thousands of  Russians. When will this madness stop. How can one person condemn so many fathers, mothers, sons and daughters to certain death. People and this planet is so F....cked.
As if Russia hasn't brought in reservists already.
Vladimir should not forget what happened to the Ceausescu couple
it’s only partial in name - in the law nothing is partial, no limits
The idea of saying it's a special operation or it's just a partial mobilization is for political cover. If they fail and only if they fail they can still say, We never declared war. It's all political insurance that's the reason.
Start of ww3
Putin controls his forces like a spoiled rich kid clueless he's going to bankrupt Russia and China's mortgage crisis weakening them that grossly inflated economy starting to show it's true colors
Putin is taking a massive political risk which might even affect his longevity as president. On the other hand, Ukraine will have shift their focus on defending their line of control instead of making further military advances.
Russia's gonna need more than an additional 300,000 bags of fertilizer to save their situation
I am convinced that Ukraine also has nuclear weapons
tout va bien c'est poutine qui vous le dit , héhé  qui le croit ?
Putin is preparing for a new civil war, with an army of 2 million ready to turn against their supreme leader, who is staying well away from the fighting while pushing his young citizens to self-destruction in a conflict they do not fully understand. He has lost the war outside his borders and it is only a matter of months before he loses it inside his borders. Interesting question: will his replacement be more peaceful, or more hostile?
Ukrainian sunflowers: looks like meat is back on the menu boys.
As for the nuclear threat, that's just a bluff. Still a simple counter would be for Western nuclear powers to announce that should Russia use nukes against Ukraine, the West will provide Ukraine with tactical nuclear weapons.
so? winter is coming and Russian logistics are the shit, so 400,000 boots on the ground aren't going to go well.
I'm afraid this is not an ALL-in for Putin. When that happens, the world will not be the same.
What scares me more are some people below Putin. I don't remember who exactly but some of them mentioned that they should have nuked Ukraine long ago. I prefer Putin at the top and not those maniacs... Putin barks and doesn't bite so far, but unpredictable. His underlings sounds worse. This is a desperate man with an even more desperate population. Before the war started I pictured Putin as a smart man. But the longer the war takes he becomes more stupid than I would imagine and in a dangerous way. I don't think it's wise to mess with Putin, but someone got to put him in his place.
Putin's face with that caption is something else...
I^m really sad so many people had to and still have to die.. :(
Cutting-edge summary, head and shoulders above other Western media.  Thanks for a) accuracy, b) not dumbing it down, c) resisting war-fluffery and lies.
You are dreaming. Russia will take 4 regions from Ukraine
For once, I would like a genuinely balanced view with an objective view of this conflict and the last 10 years.  To begin, the tone of this video starts with the claims, as with most similar coverage, that things are going badly for Russia. Indeed, this has been the narrative since day one. However, if you knew nothing of this before and suddenly were presented with the situation, you might think the reverse because Russia effectively controls a large swathe of Ukraine. Of course, this disregards casualties and equipment losses and there is precious little in the way of provable data concerning such important factors. So, we can see that even the existing position is far from clear and certainly does not look like the beginning of the end of the war.  Even more important, little is mentioned about the separatist movement and how there was genuine conflict in the Donbas for the best part of 10 years. Whether supported by Russia or not, there were sufficient native Ukrainians fighting to lead to them controlling a not insignificant area. Further to that, we only get a hint that not all of the Ukrainians in the retake territory are happy to see Ukraine back in control.  Unfortunately, it is far too easy to be swayed by the propaganda and limited information for the average man in the street to know what the hell is going on and who is in the wrong. Personally, I think Putin has acted criminally but, even more certainly, foolishly. If he had simply used Russia's wealth, he could have exercised considerable influence and control over Ukraine without ever firing a shot.  He has blown that opportunity forever.
We lacked the manpower in Ukraine due to Urkainian mass mobilisation and were outnumbered 5 to 1. Now, with our partial mobilisation, Urks won't have their only major advantage over RF. Prepare your butts, hogfuckers
The partial mobilisation is to raise 300,000 troops not 2,500,000. The weapons production has also been increased.  Russian forces are still moving forward in Donbas, so it is not all one way. Russia has major advantages over Ukraine including the fact they are fighting alongside the people of the Donbas, who I am sure are also highly motivated to protect their lands.
For the Russian people, it woule be tragic if prisoners were to fight. That would mean that criminals would suddenly be recognized as "heroes" by the government, and let loose among the general population, or another popular sulution: being hired by the government. The Russian government is already a bunch of criminals, and they don't mind adding to their numbers and make the general citizen pay for it. The criminals get hired into important positions and enjoy abusing their power, which is how many things already work over there, and how dictatorships form.
I don't really see how Russia thinks this is a good idea. As it currently stands they can barely supply the amount of troops currently fighting in Ukraine, and now they want to add more. At this point I don't think the Russian military has the bureaucratic or logistical means of processing so many new soldiers, all it's doing is wasting a generation of young Russians for a lost war. It's made even worse by the fact that a "superpower" like Russia is turning to rogue states like Iran and North Korea for weapons, being fully incapable of producing its own due to sanctions. Putin knows his time is coming and he seems perfectly willing to take the whole thing down with him if need be, like any dictator would, because according to leaders like Putin, the nation begins and ends with them.
Russia always threatens world with nuclear stick, but all that "yaikies we need to hold off because they have nuclear weapon" mean nothing. In 2016 there was an operation in Crimea were Budanov (now he is GUR chiefstaff) with special force eliminated colonel and FSB spetznaz in Djankoi. In spring there was a heli attack on Belgorod, and in summer we've seen many operations in Crimea. It is just words, nothing else. And what happened? People who said about nuclear annihilation suddenly DELETED all their posts about nuclear sticks. They don't have balls nor equipment to destroy all the world. Nuclear warheads are stored, and if the real nuclear war is coming, all will see them going to the bombers and restored.
Additional Russian troops with AKs and riding in Lada cars -- not a recipe for success.
Putin is a 180 iq leader and a master at 4d chess. This new strategy will give him the victory within a week from now.
It’s pretty good news for anti Russians like me. Putin needed new troops yesterday, not in 6 months from now.   That and we can now go to our own governments and say “hey, they’re mobilising, how many NLAWS can we send, how fast can we make new Howitzers to send?” Etc
Go Putin, get rid of US an UK in Europe and awafull EU serfs to US/UK. Let's us live in peace on mainland Europe without anyone speaking English. It's always leads to disaster when US and UK want to rob mainland Europe.
What the hell is happening? Fuck all that you know about Tarquin.
Putin is clearly seeking to escalate war and to attack other NATO nations. This also confirms Putin’s cowardice.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV
you can only have your perspective from believing you have the moral high ground   but how do you explain the 100000 people killed in East Timor using chemical weapons by the us
NATO need to step up and counter those threats, he needs to realise that he is not living in his own world and that his actions could backfire.
Putin's new " mobilization will make the war last longer and lose more lives " . Perhaps then when Zelensky signed the peace agreement in Ankora and Our Boris was sent to Visit Zelensky persuading him " Russia is running out of weapons we in the West will send you game changing weapons; cancel the agreement matey" so puppet Zelensky did , and look where it has got us.  We have been lied to about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. The reasons for the tearing to pieces of Libya, the war in Afghanistan and are we really supposed to believe this war is about Russia invading Ukraine or is it about the west refusal to adhere to the Minsk 2 treaty. Ukraines continual shelling and killing 13/14000 innocent civilians in Donetsk city and the surrounding towns and villages for eight years since the 2014 American backed Victoria Newland Maidan coup, which then turned Ukraine into a NATO fortification aimed at Russia.  I have seen personally Ukraine being Asset Stripped by the USA and Europe . Russian sees this and knows the west wants to topple the Russian system install our " Rules Based Order " based on WEF principles to asset strip Russia , balkanise it and keep up American world hedgemony. Just as an aside to prove a point. Of the 121 ships of grain that have left Odessa do you know how many went to " poor countries " ..... The answer is three : one to Somalia and two to Egypt, the rest went to Europe. Do you want to know why ? The grain was owned by the leassors of Ukrainian land soon to be fully owned from 2024 by Monsanto, Cargill and Dupont . But hey believe everything we are told by our media, bury your heads in the sand. The EU and UK agreed to stop sanctions for Europe on Russian fertilizers but continue to impose the sanctions for the rest of the world !!!! What sort of twisted reality comes out of the west ?? There will be a meeting I believe at the United Nations but hey neither Europe, NATO or America adhere to United Nations Ruling just to the American "Rules Based Order" So Europe can continue to be Americas puppets at our expense so that they can rule the planet with its 800 military bases.... How many does Russia have outside it's lands -0 How many based does China have outside of it's lands - 1 Most outbreaks of disorder around the world are created by the USA for its own ends and strategy. Taiwan is next.
This was his next logical step to protect his own life from the people. This allows him to basically mandate more support and invest them in it while placing more martial law on people. Now I worry for all the decent people who want nothing to do with supporting Vladimir Putler with his Facist shit. This also let's him hide the massive budget failures for longer. And they claim they are very selective about sex offense prisoners. NOPE. By next week Putin will be pulling rapists, murderers, theives and the war crimes and atrocities will skyrocket in Ukraine. Since China decide to commit suicide and inved3 Ukrainian territory, NATO troops will be there soon to force-feed Russia it's own shit.
That shows how desperate the Kremlin is. First Ruzzian elite soldiers from prisons now cannon fodder mobilization, they will probably only get them with cake knives as weapons. Do you want total war with a final solution? Wait a minute, where have I heard that before?
Anyone still taking Russia serious as a super power should have their heads checked. They just a paper tiger with nukes. May the Russian motherland fall!!!
very interesting
The number of people being mobilised is apparently around "300,000", not 2.5 million.
welp, sucks that im in russia
Geewhiz, Putin is digging is whole even deeper. He will drag Russia to the abyss with him, just like his mentor Hitler. Stalin wasn't even this reckless and stupid
If the main army had that mutch subpar equipment i wonder what the reservist will get ?.  300.000 is a lot of troops to feed and equip, specially with winter coming.
more russian conscripts means more cannon fodders for the meat grinder  And since they are lacking of equipment, how will they are the soldiers? 1 AK per squad?
So, why would Russia cut off one of its main sources of income to Europe start a war they weren’t going to win only to dwindle their economy more? What is the end goal? Obviously they’re not winning, and their economy is pretty much toast, the morale is lower than ever, so what was the point? There’s something bigger behind all of this.
Russia is a pathetic nation. Putin is so desperate and limited on options that he has to run to his 'ace in the hole,' thinking everyone will just cower and bow to his whims. Putin bandies about threats of nuclear war just like North Korea does. Both are empty threats from sad, irrelevant nations that feel the urge to destroy and conquer.
I highly recommend that the Russian Army should group around Moscow and take out the real traitors to your nation instead of trying to pick a fight with a fellow slavic nation. With another 300k you could have a lot of influence. A short term military coup followed by a long process of mental healing and political bridge building might be worth the effort. Find a General to unite behind and just fin do it (JFDI).
maybe a clever ploy , hold a 24 hour referendum fake the result , current land  gains become Russian overnight , all ongoing threats are then threats to Mother Russia , launch tactical nukes ...the end
Putin will nor use nuclear weapons as he knows it will be the end of Russia. besides it considers Crimea which it controls totally it's territory. the Ukrainians have already hit it hard with no nuclear reprisals so the threats of Nuclear action are as empty as heir Putin's head.
Option1 or option 2? Hmm... decisions, decisions... f£$K it! We'll go for both!
Russia: blah blah blah vodka vodka. The Russians are going loose and badly, they wont use and nukes simply because it will ost likely detonate on their own territory
As for what the hell is going on, well it's simply, putting is getting really desperate, he doesn't care about the Russian people, he cares about protecting his position of power, the problem for Putin, trying to mobilize the Russian people could backfire on him as they thought they were going into Ukraine for a picnic, after all, that was all the lies from the state were making it seem to the Russian people and this could really start to open up peoples eyes in Russia to what is really going on.  It's sad really because they are being sent in as cannon fodder as most are not going to be nowhere near as well-trained as the troops that already went in.  In any case, this reminds me of Hitler late on in the war where he was recruiting anyone he could be, including kids, which is a good sign that it's the beginning of the end of the war with a victory for Ukraine.  Now some will say Putin could go the nuke option, that's unlikely because going that option will have a direct impact on the Russian people, the people can tolerate Putin as long as it doesn't directly impact them personally, nukes would escalate things a lot, in other words, if Putin even attempt to go the nuke option, he will probably get killed by his own inner circle or the Russian people, after all, this is Putin's personal war, I highly doubt the people want things to escalate into what could be a major war, but, desperate times, you never know with a nut job like Putin, but in any case, the Russian people need to be careful here because this could blow up in their face.  As for those referendums, they mean nothing until it's done in a fair way without pressure or internal vote rigging from Russia, in other words, we know it won't be a fair vote, so however way the vote terms out, Ukraine is still likely going to try and take back that land.
if you support ZElENSKY and AZOV nazi,s you are shameless and ignorant ,,,,clearly dont know history or how the CIA PENTAGON and BRITISH intelligence work ,,UKRAINE bombed its own people in dombass lugansk for 8 years ,,killing 16000,civilians ..NATO ZELENSKY today shelling civilian targets ,,,so now we BRITISH are pro nazi and pro coup are we ,,,zelensky has banned opposition parttys ,,like mussolinin  and hitler and imprisoned them and taken their assets real  DEMOCRACY
Ah, the ol' Russian/Soviet tactics- we will win if we have more men than the enemy has bullets. Just throw "cannon fodder" forwards and wait till opponent runs out of ammunition
it's a good thing our NATO leaders didn't "escalate" this by sending modern tanks, fighter jets, long-range missiles,  or by banning Russian visas...
I'm sure the eu will sort this out. After all they are the reason there hasn't been a war in Europe since WW2. 🙄
More cannon fodder from Russia.
Based on the lack of opposition by the Russian people they have clearly indicated their willingness to share in the complicity. With this move it has become clear that the ONLY feasible option remaining for civilized people is to crush Russia in every imaginable way
Uhhh, time to call Putin's bluff!
Actually in real Putin is begging with Ukraine 🇺🇦 to give as gift DONBAS to them.
russia is so weak using nukes is the only way it can win.   but then get nuked its self lol
Tldr propaganda at its peak. Can this channel not just be pro western.
I listen to the Duran most news on here is hype.
So.. a mobilization of reservists in addition to husher penalties in the army tat is suppose to add these new reservists.. great job russia in going all in  with a shot in the head wen u join 🤣🤣
Guys I'm pretty sure feinting retreat from Kyiv and Kharkiv was all part of the plan. As was taking 7 months to start a partial mobilisation after +50,000 losses. Lol
I don't think you will kill nowhere near what the British the us and the Europeans killed in Libya Syria and Iraq. Which note countries haven't paid for their war crimes yet. But with Putin's chinas help and upto date weaponry I think they will be Europe's UK's usa time to pay for their war crimes. And not forgetting Israel too.
China fought India...three Chinese soldiers, one rifle.
Putin can only push up not back unless he has a time machine that we don't know about.
He's been dead for weeks and the lizards couldn't clone a decent flesh puppet so everything is pre-recorded. :P
Doesn't Russia already have like a million soldiers? Why don't they use those instead? Just curious
If the nuclear war broke US should use their nuke before Russia. Being the first one who use it will give advantage as the enemy already in ruins. On 1945 the US had insta-win after dropped couple of nukes. What the point of having nukes if they are not being used when the time has come?  As a guy who from far away country I don't mind seeing nuke on YouTube.
5:51 why does that front soldier look like the Russian equivalent of Forrest Gump? Bruh, I can't unsee that now! 🤣🤣🤣
Although is partial mobilization, but alot Russians complain on youtube that they were send home at the boarder mainly young man.
They can barely supply the current troops with the amount of logistics they have..
So what Putin is saying is that he wants to make Ukraine look even more capable and heroic by inflating their kill count with useless cannon fodder. That's literally all he's saying; his army doesn' have the capability to support the boots already on the ground
He is taking bluff too far. The cretin is backing himself into a corner.
From Reuters just now: "One-way flights out of Russia were selling out fast on Wednesday after President Vladimir Putin ordered the immediate call-up of 300,000 reservists."
I don't think this mobilisation will make the war last longer. Throwing more manpower at the thing will do very little to help Russia militarily and should only increase the internal opposition to the war.
No to mogilizatsiya!
blind,s mans bluff
Nuking nato Hahahahaha Bring it on little man been a while since his majesty’s royal Canadian army had a chance to give a proper ass kicking
"Just the tip, I promise."
The best thing the West can do now is to interfere with Russian propoganda to their own people.  Let them turn on him now.
It’s all to justify the threat of using nukes. Nukes won’t be used. The mobilization will take effect with the troops arriving in 1-2 months, by then the muddy season is in full swings and any force trying to do do offensive actions will face big difficulties. The Ukrainians have come out on top military while both sides use winter to build up their troops. There will be fighting but winter comes with bigger obstacles, not less, and by looking at how Russian soldiers lived in position that have now been taken back under Ukrainian control, one can see that they truly have very little to work with. The political game is up for winter, can Europe make it through? Can Europe get necessary energy from somewhere else?
This is repetitive news
Russia always trades blood for land, and land for time, and then when the mud season comes he shows up with penal batallions full of hundreds of thousands of men armed with submachine guns so cheap they neglect to paint them.
The Russian Economy can't survive a mobilisation of any degree.   This is the perfect time for Europe to cut from Russia abruptly and completely. Because that will obliterate the entire Russian Economy.   It will be painful for Europe, but any damage to Europe is returned with 10 times more damage to Russia. It would be the last nail in the proverbial coffin.
I’m ashamed to have agreed on Putins views in the past. The moment he tried to validate the killing and rape of women and children, is where this dickhead (Putin) lost my support and symp athy
"Good day" from Moscow. I'm 23 y.o.  master of computer science. Nobody wants to war for facist regime. But we have no rights and evening protest at 19:00 msk time will be probably defeted. Here is the cycle: Go to prison -> mobilisation of priseners -> death OR mobilisation -> death. That's true freedom, EU citezens. Ohhh and state duma of russia will sent to eu parlament another bullshit. + sergei lavrov's UN speech will be stuipid shit.
clearly people dont know history !!!! when russia retreats and concedes teritory taken ,its a trap!!! just before winter ,,like russia did with Hitler ,,,still no mention by any of you about zelenskys body  guard just the other day sporting Nazi badges on uniform. only crap journalists would bury that ..he hasn,t even started bombing kiev YET ,like blair and bush did in bagdad ....if you think Putin is or has or will loose you been watching too much MSM ,,colonel Mcregor ,,says it as it is ............so far 150.000 dead ukrainians 400.000 injured ,,and thats winning right ??????????
Time to nuke Ruzzia!
Every step to escalate the "special operation", only put russia a bit more closer to the ground.
Coming Irrational Rant of a soon to be Irrelevant Runt.
Russia be like: "Our army is doing fine and we lost less than 6000 men in this conflict!" Also Russia: "We need to mobilize all our reserve troops asap so we dont run out of canonfodder!" Something smells fishy here🤔
The Russians were leaving the Kharkiv region before the Ukrainians even thought to attack there.  The plan was for referendums before the Ukrainian counter-offensive had begun, and Russia determined which areas they would need to defend. Kharkiv wasn't one of them.  You're an embarrassment with such an ignorant analysis.
ah yes Putin actually initiating a nuclear war  welp time to stock those tanzans
Are you gay ?
According to west Ukraine can mobolize anyone a ex accountent can become jhon Wick in 1 week but When Russia Does it Suddenly There Reservist become poorly trained and unequipped These troops will be mainly used as rear gaurd to free up Professional troops
the 300000 trupps are to protect the new occupied the 3 new russian terretory
Nuke them back
And still no war declared?.. and you can still announce mobilization? Who has any confidence in Russia anymore? .. just a shambles. If I had a penny, I'd be seeing my money stolen by this aggressive imperialist mobster gang from the east. Destroying the world so that they can rule. Muscowite agenda.
The Russian people should revolt against Putin to prevent the wholesale slaughter of their people in a war they have no point in fighting
Mobilizing and completely cutting off the gas in April might have worked. Months since have seen serious losses, feeding training units to front as reinforcements, demoralization and decaying economy. After all that, they're now trying to mobilize deliberately 'depoliticized' people who perhaps support Putin's war, but don't see it as theirs, and don't want themselves or their sons taking active part in it. Good luck with that, Master Strategist Putin. As for us, better safe than sorry. Ramp up support, and since Russia apparently plans to annex parts of Ukraine it holds for now, send in weapons like ATACMS. Ukrainians will in any case be striking with our weapons at territory Russia considers its.
Where are the allied forces to free Russia from fascism, Putin can be compared with Stalin and Hitler, he is a war criminal and mass murderer in his empire there are concentration camps and extermination camps disguised as penal camps. Called Gulag
He can dream up all the justification he likes but the territory remains occupied Ukraine and if Putin uses tactical nuclear weapons he will be destroying Russia and its people for many decades ahead and dooming himself to a certain early death.
Meanwhile china 🇨🇳 shivering in the Corner!   Support to brave Ukranians.  Thats how communist should die.
Guys, look on the bright side. Russia is demilitarizing itself.
Not to mention the damage to the economy. Remember these 2.5 million recruits were workers in Russia. Pulling that many people out of the civilian system is like trying to run a 10 ton truck with LPG gas. It'll still run for sure. But don't expect it to go anywhere far... or fast for that matter.
He (Putin) won't change his way of thinking,  it would be  amazing if a Russian citizen would manage to put an end to his life , so the world can be in  left in peace.
What the hell is happening ? Little man is going to do stupid things are what this is about.   If even just tactical nuke strikes, NATO will then give Russia the first invasion they have been propaganda for.
After training, those 300000 will man their granddad's T62 and get butchered by Javelin. That war dwarfs Afghanistan already and will end in disaster.
Drafting more men into the meat grinder when you already are struggling with logistics, discipline and winter is coming in 2-3 months. What a noob  Just tell your supposed chinese ally to pretend he doesn't want more war so you can at least conserve a sliver of dignity and leave this fiasco
2.5 million men.  Where is the modern equipment coming from?  The days of rolling over the opposition with waves of thousands of poorly trained and equipped infantry are long gone.  Putin appears to want a bloodbath.  So many young men will die and be maimed to feed this man's ego.    Historically, losing a war is the death knell of any government.  Vlad the Invader seems to want  to hold that back as long as possible.  But, at what a cost?
Putin is playing his last card. Pity it’s the Joker.
4:58 The Russians also said the same thing about attacks on Crimea, Crimea has been attack repeatedly since but nothing happened.  Russia is threatening us with nuclear weapons because A: they don't have anything else to realistically threaten us with and B: because they are trying to scare the western populations because they see the need of western politicians to answer to their people as a great weakness of the West.  Regardless of all the nuclear threats from Russia we should not forget that we (NATO) also possess a large number of nuclear weapons via the US, UK and France and Putin knows just as well as we do that there's no viable defence against nukes and that a nuclear war has no winners. A country can come back from even a total military defeat relatively quickly (see Germany after WWII) but no-one walks away from a nuclear war, we know that and the Russians do too. Any usage of nuclear weapons would amount to collective suicide so let them threaten us to their hearts' content but that should not delay or worse prevent us from doing the right thing.
Just give Russia the regions they hold and allow residents to decide on where they want to live. Ukraine will claim a win, Russia will claim a win. Meanwhile, Putin will be isolated economically and internationally - he'll be succeeded / removed and we can all prevent nuclear war.
If they need mobolization just for Ukraine... Imagine against NATO... 🐷🤣
Russia will not backed down. I hope, allies keep their promises as long as necessary.
This is Putin’s battle of the bulge
Kalingrad needs to hold a referendum!🙂🍃
Loving Vlad 1990's desk handsets. Could get a pretty penny for those telephonic dinosaurs on EBay. Is everything in Russia 30 years out of date?
Russia has finally unlocked the export of fertilizers
Putin is gonna kill many tens of thousends of Russian and Ukrainian people, thats whats happening. After all, it's not him who has to fight, it's just to satisfy his crazy ego that makes him mobilise 300000 men. How stupid can a country of intelligant people be to follow a leader like that ?
Appeasement policy didn’t work 80 years ago, it won’t work today
"All in"  "Partial mobilization"  You don't know what words mean, do you?
Putin is now using convicts to fill the ranks of his pitiful army. That just show how desperate that baffoon is. It certainly fits though since he's the biggest crook in that country
Wake up 8am to watch this luny speech, I don’t know the Russians but I would be less than interested! Specially in a cold autumn morning! 🥶 (but that’s my tropical point of view; perhaps with a couple of vodka shots for breakfast I could be more than excited.)
They are are going to need a bunch more body bags.
Putin has decided to finish committing political and national suicide including taking the population with him.
Possibility of Putin using any form of nuclear weapons is not advisable, even if these regions become a part of Russia. He would simply get his soldiers killed and hurt, and endanger the life of ordinary Russians inside Russia itself.   Right now, the wind in Ukraine is facing eastward, so no matter who Putin's nukes land, the radiation will likely go into Russia, thus hurting them in the process.   Plus, Russia runs the risk of totally secluding itself from the international community as a whole. There is a reason why the US never used nukes in the Korean War when the option was brought up. No allied country (unless your ally is North Korea) would stand with you when nukes are deployed on another country, even if you claim said part of the country is now yours.   Does that mean the fear of nukes is for nothing? No, not at all. Putin has shown that he is completely unpredictable now. He lives in his own world now,  so certainly whatever he says should not be dismissed as non-threatening.   Really, this escalation might spell the beginning of the end for Putin, especially if this partial mobilisation turns into a full mobilisation. Already, google trends has shown that "How to leave Russia" is one of the top trending questions in the past week. Most likely there's going to a spike in that trend now.
Now the "special" in his Military Operation has the same meaning like the Special in the special Olympics
What the hell is happening is Russia about to kick you NATO hyenas asses real good soon, that is what happening. Payback mfers time is happening 🤣
Sounds like war time, boys
Good old Putin all warm and cozy in his ridiculous palace ordering the delivery of young people to the ukrainian meat grinder
ukrainian will capture Kherson in few weeks and russians suck again
TLDR, Fake News.
I'm not even sure of the point of mobilization at this juncture, the russian army is beat to shit, they don't have the equipment to spare, and they don't have the time to train them properly.  Like, unless Ukraine is way weaker then they appear to be then all this is going to do is get a shitload of people killed.
The deal is simple ,urss will declare the ocupied regions as theirs .After this they have legal right to use their nukes which means end of story for europe
The nuclear threat is bogus.....putin knows he is done for should he use one, and one thing narcissist value more than anything, is their life.
Don’t be naïef to think its Ukraine vs Russia and Ukraine is winning. Yes Ukraine is winning having support of USA and at least 5 other EU countries, meaning its basically 6 vs 1. So it makes sense Russia has a hard time. I think you would be surprised how many weapon support Ukraine received.  However, once Putin will use his Nuclear force, all these support will end soon.
When this entire ordeal has finally resolved itself I do have to wonder if humanity will actually learn it's lesson about putting madmen in charge and allowing them to run amok and commit horrific atrocities....
This is Putin's plan to eliminate Russian ultra nationalist, he send them to the front lines to die!
Everyone is talking about Nukes possibly being used, but what about chemical weapons Russia has a fuck tone of Nerve Gas and this would be more likely to be used than Nukes. Nerve Gas can kill thousands in a single strike.
yeah, it sucks here, he started that shit and now people have to pay with their lives for HIS mistakes and villainy, this is not my president, and i'm sorry for what happened
A referendum in a place where most of the people moved out, under war, with only pro-russia people remaining. Yeah that seems completely legit.
Partial Mobilization? sounds like Putin finnally got 150 political power
Its a Full Mobilisation pretending it isn't just to bypass Russian law and their soldier's rights.
My scdenario: the demoralised troops mutiny. Another unit is sent to crack down, but its soldiers too side with the mutiny. A charismatic leader of the mutiny starts to emerge, and more and more units join his cause, killing their officers whenever necessary. The influx of new inexperienced conscripts from the mobilisation only helps grow their numbers quicker, as the rookies do not want anything to do with war. While the Russians are busy with all this, the Ukrainians finish taking back all of their land, and punish the traitors that assisted the invaders. The mutiny leader now contrtols a majority of the armies in the region, and becomes ambitious. He marches on Moscow, igniting anti-Putin popular uprisings along the way. Even without the rookies, who are not in fighting shape, he perhaps still has more troops (trained ones, that is) than Putin, and his are certainly more loyal. He captures Moscow and takes some years to consolidate power, fighting seperatist movements and Putin loyalists all across the country. Meanwhile, the west can focus on defeating the CCP. The long term future  and political regime of Russia depends on this man's beliefs and what relations the  west chooses to establish with him during this transition period.
Its falling down. Its falling down. Putan is falling down. Lmao
do not forget your modern warships.. ;-)
This was predictable. He will not surrender. His reputation, his place in history, is at stake, and that's what this is about. Putin's "glory". This entire war is about nothing but that, one man's desire to go down in history as "Putin the Great". He has killed so many, caused so much misery, all for his own ambition. I'm sure he tells himself that it's "for Russia". Nonsense. It's all for him. A man who cared about Russians would not send their soldiers so ill equipped and under-prepared. He doesn't give a damn about any of the Russian soldiers who have died for his war.  He'll go to any lengths to win. He doesn't care how much damage he causes to his own nation. This war, this killing, will go on until someone in Russia stops him.
If ruSSia can't supply 150k men and get the logistics done for them what the hell makes them think they'll be able to supply more men? This would actually make the invasion more difficult for ruSSia rather than easier.
It's a misinformation, because only 300k people will be mobilized. Not all first-line reservists would be called.
The best case scenario you can hope for when being invaded by a large neighbor is to at least be invaded by an army of reluctant men who don't want to be part of the war at all and have received very little training if any and too little and too outdated equipment. The Russians should know by now that their fathers and sons are being sent to die in vain in a meaningless conflict for no good reason. We are just waiting for the moment when they realize that their survival chances get higher if they turn their weapons against their own leaders instead of following orders.
It's very simple...... Old man Putin is trying to save his very own...             Miserable Neck*.      .... Off the Bodies of other... Humans*...
Authoritarian dictatorship fascist regime I don’t f.  King believe it what mind set do these people have or believe liars propaganda alternative reality’s death destruction they are f. King mental
Taking steps to legitimise nuclear weapon usage is pretty worrying. Whether nuclear weapons are used will depend on how willing we are to bristle our own, I fear.
How long will this conflict go on for?
What’s that gonna do if the actual military is done how’s a bunch a reservist gonna do more meat for the meat grinder I guess
Winter will be coming soon  Russian troops will be frozen in the middle of the road without winter clothes lol
What's happening is (if you're able to pull your head out of the ass of the BS EU/US media), is that Russia knows what's actually going on in Ukraine (Safari Unit 'cleansing' being reported as Russian war crimes/ Azov units packed to the gills with animals) and isn't going to drop it. Additionally, the SCO has given its blessing to Russian action (otherwise, Putin wouldn't be going ahead with partial mobilisation).
If nukes were used and the wind blows back over Russia then as many killed in a strike on ukraine would die in Russia from fallout...It would be a huge gamble that could backfire and cause an uprising in the homeland ...not a smart move If Putin was so reckless.
This is not a partial mobilization. There is no framework in the relevant law that would limit mobilization.
Now it is the time to send more and heavier military support to Ukraine to keep the pressure on.  Putin will never end this war unless people of Russian force him to do it.  That will not happen without Ukraine success in battlefields.  To arms against tyranny !
Reality check for some of you woke dreamers here: until now, Russia conducted a special operation. Once the referendums will be trough, it's going to be war between Russia and Ukraine, with, according to international law the Ukraine will be the aggressor (yeah, I guess you don't like that). Forget about all the nonsense of a weak Russian army. You are being told that nonsense in order to be supportive of the Western military engagement against Russia. With only 200'000 troops Russia made massive gains in the Ukraine and held the whole Ukrainian forces in check (roughly 3 times as many), destroyed more than half of them plus almost all of their heavy equipment. That's why the Ukrainians use Western weapon systems now and are begging for more. War with Russia? A very bad idea from a European perspective! But yes, it's gonna happen if no miracle happens. But we've got plenty of cannon fodder - people that must go as they have no morale, no values, no interest. They are just breathing, eating and pooping. Cannon fodder!
He's still pissed he can't buy a McFlurry! It doesn't matter how many he sends into Ukraine they will slowly but surely be killed off and the Russian population need to do something about it.... hundreds of thousands of Russians will soon be getting slaughtered because the population don't have a backbone to stand up. For every Russian military vehicle destroyed, other countries will supply Ukraine with 6 high tech vehicles. Soldiers are just targets.
Russia's problem isn't lack of manpower or equipment but, really moral. The troops don't want to fight and kill in civilian towns and cities, especially not fellow slavish with similar cultures and the ones that do fight do so reluctantly while the Ukrainians are motivated by patriotism, defending their homes, and defending their families.
"Partial" and "all in" are contradictory.
The Russians have already announced the results of the referendum…. and the winner is …… Russia. With 100% turnout and 100% in favour of joining the Russian Federation. putin and his gang of crooks, weak  politicians will pay heavily for theirs lies, crimes and cruelty. Glory to Ukraine!!
Can someone in his party just put him in jail
Mobilization*
Oh boy. Ukraine was struggling to push back against 200k~ russian soldiers with so many of theirs mobilized, now against 1.8 million men of the russian federation, I doubt ukraine is going to be winning at all.
what? 2500000 man? I've read all médias talking about only 300000 more men sent to Ukraine.Hope you are wrong
So now it truly begins.
so russia goes back to the 3 people one gun but with less guns
No way we are so scared , putin is bringing in more meat shields 😂
I believe only actual reservists are being mobilized, which is ~300k people with varying levels of prior service in the military.
People are unable to see the bigger picture. All Putin has to do is to not loose until europe starts freezing with no gas. It's a loose loose situation for th e west. If he looses we get nukes. if we holds the line long enought, the western economy will crash. shortages of gas are simple accelerators to boost the baby-boomer crash we are about to witness. In addition BRICS states are trying to get rid of the dollar. There is a reason for putins timing as well. just take a look at the US and european markets...
I’m Russian. This is the real fucking hell. He’s mad. It is agony. A lot of men are leaving the country right now. Me too. Bye. Burn in hell Putin and his fascist regime.
not a fan of politics and to be fair, half of the time i don't get it. But i do know one thing.. BS, and i see a lot of it...  i really hope that europe don't take this from russia.. Get the F out of that country!!!   What would you/they do, if i go there and plant a flag.. claiming it's mine now. it's ridiculous. what are we? 5 years old?    They would shoot me right? Well..  Also, i feel bad for the russian civilians, they didn't cause it. Their leader & co caused it.
Raw conscripts, no time to train properly, no weapons or ammo to supply them with and growing discontent among Russian population.... Putin will die before the year is over, probably within weeks or months
Putin threatens, announces, brags about many things but none of them work out for him!!!! Putin threatens, announces, brags about many things but none of them work out for him!!!! that’s a load of rubbish!!!!!! CLABA UKRAINE!!! DOWN WITH SOVIET FASCISM!!!
Slava Ukraine.
Guaranteed that all the leftists and fascists who support the guy will claim they never knew his name when he goes down.
Russia sees Crimea as it's own Ukraine already plan to take it back so in reality nothing changed
lol, Russia withdrawed tactically, do you really beliieve Ukraine can beat Russia? lol
putin is playing HOI4
🌻🌻🌻🌻Welcome to the wheat fields Russia 🌻🌻🌻🌻
Remember when these guys made a video about sanctions then pulled it just a few hours later because it went against the narrative?
People need to understand that we have no idea of what is happening on the front. You cant trust nor West nor Russian news , saying that Russian morale is low while they occupied 110square Kms is ridiculous.
Time for the west to unleash 1 final massive sanctions package and put the nail in the coffin.
This is all great and informative, but can you, for the love of all that is holy and pure in the world, stop saying oblast? There is an English word for it. In fact, many words word - region and province being two of them.
On the positive, there will be less Russian trolls on the internet as they die in Ukraine
I'm worried over the use of nukes by Russia; Putin has always struck me as a "rule of ruin" type of guy and would bomb Ukraine just because Putin failed to win.
you should use more detailed maps when talking about cities, it seems very abstract to just mention them and vaguely point their location.
And they will equip them with toy weapons from Amazon
Putin has turned out to be incredibly stupid.
It's rather disrespectful to consistently mispronounce the names of these cities. Please do better. Thanks for the info.
Whats that about not going double or nothing when you're already losing?
There is a possibilty he might go on a desperate nuke launch, little man's huge ego got hurt.
Basically Putin just admits his army failed miserably in Ulraine
So how exactly are those new conscripts are gonna get fed, armed and moved? Russia couldnt provide those things to the "elite" units they send to Ukraine at the start of the war. With what exactly are they suppose to fight? Sticks and stones?  Also lets not forget that Ukraine will be deep into winter by the time they arrive
Nothing unusual is happening. Years ago, around the time of the invasion of Crimea, I wrote that Putin's was an opportunistic government, which operates on the principle of theater for effect. This is the latest example of that; needing to change the current narrative, this dramatic announcement of referendum and mobilization is made. As usual, they'll go through motions of doing it but they don't have the capacity for it. This is a country that has been living on the reputation of the USSR, as the government has allowed the institutions it inherited to fall into decay. So don't expect to see even 100K new Russian troops in Ukraine anytime soon.
The gamble of the century.
I'm really sorry to all the good Russian's young people that's going to kill in Ukraine land, just because Putin egg. for me no one is fighting Russia Putin is the one fighting Ukraine's
Putin threatening nuclear strikes? What else is new? He keeps bluffing this bs whenever they feel “threatened”. Aka getting their asses kicked.
Ww3 yay 😅☹️
Notice how this speech was recorded in Putin's nuclear bunker. Knowing that Ukraine does not have any weapons that could reach Moscow, and that NATO would not target Russia proper, this must mean he is afraid of some domestic threat(s). Perhaps the time has come for Vladimir Putin to have an unfortunate accident.
Basically crazy old man throws his people into the meat grinder, countless life is lost once again. This is one sick bastard.
Think about the logistics involved just to FEED 300k people!! We don't even have to mention the military part.
Putin's propaganda at it's best!
Lol Russia are using foreign made weapons and using allied troops to boost their shit military and they were the ones that invaded in the first place.Then when the west just send some weapons to Ukraine that's "unfair" and we will use our nukes ,what a sad desperate bunch of people.
Whats Pootan going to arm them with .... Grandads   rifle?  And  a T62 from 1964 !!!!
The problem with Narcissists with power....they're still little cry babies
Russia will go down with putin. Just like germany and hitler.
I don't understand why the Russian army would fight for an utterly corrupt totalitarian government.
Ptuin got fed up with NATO provocations aimed at weakening and get hold of Russia riches through a complacent president like Yeltsin. He is serving his country and holding back the neolib fanatics like the USA and vassals.
How hard would it be for a CIA agent to go in and neutralize Putin? Like we pay them a lot of money it really shouldn't be too hard.
Classic soviet strategy, except its no longer relevant in modern warfare...
I highly doubt Pootin will have enough weapons for 300K soldiers and the logistic supply will absolutely collapse. There will be a lot of killed russian soldiers.
"Mr.Putin" teritorial io: Time to all send?
He’s gone all in holding a pair of deuces 😂😂
A lot of russians will learn word "mobiki"
He need troops to shoot the ones fleeing, can let the truth enter the motherland
Think of what the NEED of mobilizing says about how poorly things are going in Ukraine for the Roooooshuns.  The same people he needs to replenish his supply of Himars targets are having to ask themselves, why does Pootie need so many new bodies IF all is going as well as he says?
So is Putin still alive?? Unbelievable!
So a new immigration policy for Russia inviting foreigners to fight with Russia for a year then rewarded with citizenship, imagine them becoming multi-cultural with Arabs, Asians & Africans etc Yeah right! Goes against their grain.
lol full of crap what they took was only 2%
Referendum is such a dirty tactic. And so much for independence for Luhansk and Donetsk, they didn't last long before being absorbed by Daddy Russia
*There have already been multiple strikes against the Krim and into internationally accepted Russian territory* If he wanted to use nuclear weapons, he could have done it there and then. And that assumes he would not just fabricate a excuse. And nuclear threats? They come from Ruzzia once a month, for 7 months straight. And even his argument that Ruzzia had been threatened was insane.
He really wants to turn this into a world war doesn't he? Hopefully China and India, among others, are serious in their absence of support for his invasion of Ukraine.
Kharkov (old spelling) was only ever a merchant city. The real stuff is in the south. Cheers Stuart
He went all in, long ago🤣🙄🙄
I can’t lie I don’t believe most of the news on Russia, they wouldn’t have stepped towards war without doing calculations.
Very dangerously uninformed comment section.
I’m surprised putin doesn’t nuke Kyiv
"The only real conseqence of this mobilization is that the war will last longer and more life will be lost". The exact same can be said for Ukraine wanting to develop nuclear weapons and take Crimea back. The threat of using nukes was in response to using nukes against them - this was repeated twice, but apparently it was TLDR for TLDR.  Maybe actually read what was said, it isn't that long?
Putin forgot why the human wave tactic won during WW2 coz of West's supplies and *food* support. Mofo thinks North Korea can supply him the same, NK cant even feed their own people LUL
What the hell is going on with this channel's audio?? It's always bad, but this one is particularly bad. You guys always start every paragraph by shouting the first few words. But this one also has A LOT of clipping, most likely due to the input gain set too high. The other host is worse when it comes to shouting the first few words though. If you can't stop shouting the first few words of every paragraph, then as least throw on a limiter with a very fast attack and a very fast release. Don't use it as a compressor; you audio already sounds compressed due to how you use the SM7 mic (which is definitely not needed for your content, but trends are trends I guess).
Russia will destroy Kiev Junta ! Glory to Russia 🇷🇺☦️
I would rather Putin annihilates Europe and the US; then Europe and the US destroying themselves with illegal migrants.
It's obvious if Ukraine is nuked Russia will get nuked back.  For me in Ghana its pretty stupid, if Russians in Ghana say they feel threatened is Putin going to invade my country and annex a part of it? This nonsense must stop
I hope that all of this patriotic russian teenagers gonna have a chance to show how good they are on the battlefield xD ❤️🇺🇦
Glory to Ukraine ❤
Bizarro World news and analysis.
I can already imagine the equipment list for those guys considering February 2022 was the peak of russian logistics and equipment readyness  - Rifle (starting from Mosin Nagant) - Ammunition (optional) - Vodka (for warmth in cold times)
They will not have the logistic capability for more men on the battlefield. They can't even get provisions to the men they got.
The referendums are very thinly veiled attempts at nuclear blackmail. There is only one proper response to nuclear blackmail, to ignore it. If the referendums happen, and we of course know what the outcome will be if they do, NATO countries should simply proceed as if they didn't happen.
Kherson is a city in Ukraine. Curzon was (will be?) a Trill joined to the Dax symbiote in the 23rd and 24th centuries, from the DS9 legend. Please enunciate names more clearly.
I don't know how Putin expects to train, equip and feed all of these thousands of new troops, he can't even do any of that for the soldiers already in Ukraine!
Glory to Ukraine 💙💛
This is a repeat of the take of Afghanistan from Russia,  all a failure.  Putin call your soldiers home. You're a failure yourself. You need to have guts, you don't know how to run a country, much less a war.
Let's hold a referendum in Moscow
so with other words it will be a special re-supplying operation by having 2milion drunk amateurs deliver their arms to Ukraine
Znd Just as Trump he tells lies again.....
Dude I love war so much, war is so cool and not pointless murder for the profit of a few, I love the military industrial complex
If Russia is gonna throw 300k more men at this that is gonna be a lot of spilled blood for no reason.
Can people please stop referring to the West as international community?   It's Europeans war, most of us want no part of it.
5 reasons why Russia won't invade, remember that video?
How can you be partially all in ?
That's right Putin, arm the populace so they can end the war in Moscow.
You can' t be intimidated by the threats that nuclear weapons will be used. What would it mean to say, oh, yes then take Ukraine, please no nuclear war. Then Russia could simply annex every country in the world. Because everyone is afraid that otherwise there will be a nuclear war. So this threat in itself is totally ridiculous and irrelevant. If we have the choice of being colonized and murdered by Russia like Ukraine, or having to live with Russian threats, then I definitely choose the latter.
Poootin
He is hoping to scare and shake the west.  I hope they stand strong with Ukraine. Bully’s need to be punched in the face
Cannot believe how Russia mothers and fathers are sending their children to a war that Putin started. I mean when you see Russia, it’s the biggest country in the world and yet only two cities that are normally build the rest is like Africa.
I hope they send human waves against Ukrainian machine guns. Let me just get out some popcorn first.
it's a special military operation because it was apparently planned by special needs people
How is Russia suppose to feed an additional 300,000 mouths when they’re struggling to supply the forces they already have?
Doby couldn't even mobilize himself to make the speech on time. It's just the usual lying drivel though. Nobody cares whatever Doby says.
The west can no longer use the excuse of "trying to not provoke mobilisation", I hope everyone gets together to massively increase the arms deliveries to Ukraine - everything should be on the table, including long range missles.
He got it backwards.  You're suppose to use militias as cannon fodder first. Then send in the best.  Thats how I play Wargame: Red Dragon anyways...
Putin announced that the 300.000 men Russia will be mobilizing will be given a month of training. For comparison, minimum basic training in the US Army is three months, and that's before specialization training begins. Either way, Russia's problem isn't really a lack of boots on the ground, it's been supplying those men with food, munitions, and fuel. So adding another 300.000 to the ~150.000 already in Ukraine will only make those logistics problems worse.
Lysichansk is already down, no?
So, the Russian Authoritarian is gonna bomb even more schools, hospitals, churches and daycare centers ?? Nuke 'em?
Vladimir Putin is a man of extraordinary talent. I don't know how he is capable of running out of good options so he is left only with bad ones. And still out of only bad options left he is going for the worst one possible. Remarkable ability!
Please mention oblasts. Luhansk and Kharkiv are cities.
Counter point: mobilisation is Putin's off-ramp strategy, primary for domestic consumption: mobilisation = all-out war with west = legit excuse for not winning   (no serious person thinks it'll change the course of fighting):
I'm relatively certain Russia will use Tactical nuke in that area against Ukrainian and it will be a card to test if the west are willing to escalate with that. It'd not be too bad because for Russian, that's a nuke in foreign land. If it's for international folks, it's defending foreign land. What? Not make sense? New to Russia aren't you?
Nothing, literally nothing is happening. They have been moblilzing whoever they can since over a year...
I knew from the start it'd end up like this but no everyone constantly deluded that Ukraine is winning and that Russia doesn't have the means to win, such folly all because people are xenophobic towards Russia in the same way that Brexiteers are xenophobic towards boat men. Putin has done everything possible for Zelensky to save his people but no the Beggar just constantly leaching of Western taxpayers during a cost of living crisis and now wants funding for Ukraine to be some Big Tech playground. Putin has been patient long enough and well within his rights to use Tactical Nukes, tbh I'm surprised at his restraint in not using them months ago which only further shows how benevolent the man is
More paid propaganda. The only thing that has gone downhill is the quality of your nonsense. What the hell is happening? Everything Putin said, ‘we haven’t even started yet’. Your embarrassing flapping is a joy to behold.
He’s going to carpet bomb Ukraine like the Americans did to the Middle East
They lack the Logistics of mobilising the reservists. They are doomed to fail from the get go of Putin declaring partial mobilisation.
So from I gather here, Russians who support Putin and his "cause" are Drunkards and people with no idea what's truly going on.   Also, it was obvious Nuclear threats will be announced. Every conflict has them, and every one who will use them will sign their or death certificate, if not the whole World's.
Doubling down when he ought to fold
it means we're all f**ked. This can now go on for years. Very good chance the western powers will follow suit.
A missed opportunity here. You should have explained that this mobilization is a breach of Putin's unwritten contract with the Russian people: they stay away from politics and let him do whatever he wants as long as their lived are not directly affected.  So mobilization is a dual edge sword that could cut down Putin faster than it could cut Ukraine.
If Putin dares to use Nuclear Weapon, I’d support the rest of the world with turning his Ruzzian orc horde into a pile of radioactive entrails.
China is loving Russia destroying itself, cheap fuel and a new vassal state. And so is the US, with NATO being strengthened, massive arms sells to Europe and high oil / gas export.
The West should stop this madman.
Putin is digging his own grave. We will not back down. If we back down he will just keep invading more countries. Fuck Russia. 🇺🇸🇺🇦🇺🇸🇺🇦🇺🇸🇺🇦🇺🇸🇺🇦🇺🇸🇺🇦
▪︎STOP Fascist Putin, the ex KBG Thug, Warmonger and Terrorist..  ▪︎Presidents Gorbachev & Yeltsin always friendly with their Western Neighbours..  ▪︎But Putin boasts his desire to violently reoccupy old Soviet Empire Countries..  ▪︎Evil Putin is a 21st Century Adolf Hitler ..No Conscience - Morals..   ▪︎Coward Putin the Dark Soul seeks to Obliterate & Annex, Ukraine, EU..   ▪︎There will be Severe Consequences to Putin, Lavrov & Kirill for slaughtering civilians and illegally Invading the Sovereign Territory of Ukraine 🇺🇦..   ▪︎Putin cruelly murders thousands of men, women & children of Ukraine and displaces millions from their homes ... Putin commits atrocities and Genocide..   ▪︎Coward Putin doesn't want peace only loves executing War, terror, death for power and land so long as he is safe..   ▪︎Illigitimate Putin the Dictator Lied, Attacking & Invading the Sovereign Territory of Ukraine 🇺🇦..   ▪︎Putin brutally Scorch Earthed Georgia and Chechnya stealing/ annexing large slices of their Sovereign Territory..   ▪︎Putin again does evil and backed Assad in Syria carpet and chemical bombing including hospitals..   ▪︎Putin illegally invades and Steals/Annexes Ukraine's Crimea..  ▪︎Putin's Bloody Hands Terminate Human Lives, Dreams and Hopes..   ▪︎Putin attacks Independent Ukraine then whinges 'unfriendly' when Ukraine defend themselves... this is the height of arrogant hypocrisy and pathological delusion..   ▪︎Sociopath ex KBG Fascist Putin uses any excuse to attain his immoral objectives and justify death and the destructive terrorism of Ukraine... this is seriously sick and disturbing behaviour..   ▪︎Putin's "Special Military Operation" is a euphemism for pretext provocation, invasion, obliteration, genocide, and occupation.. - In Russia naming this abomination a War is punishable by 15 years in Prison..   ▪︎No, NATO is not a country but a  voluntary membership security collective of friendly countries..   ▪︎Putin holds the world ransom with Nuclear threats.. ▪︎When evil invades a country evil has no bounds..   ▪︎After World War ll - Stalin's Soviet Union Subjugated Eastern Europe ▪︎Moscow's Fascist Putin is now applying Imperialist Soviet Union operandi..   ▪︎Post World War II, Stalin's Soviet Union extended its control & occupation over Eastern Europe annexing and taking the governments of Albania, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, East Germany, Poland and Romania. (Wikipedia).   ▪︎In 1940 the Soviet Union had annexed the Baltic States, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, as well as Moldova. The countries of modern-day Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan and Armenia, had been annexed prior to 1939. (Wikipedia).   ▪︎In 1991 President Mikhail Gorbachev (1990 Nobel Peace Prize laureate) dissolved the Soviet Union which then became the Russian Federation without political or military control over any other counties...   ▪︎Pathologic Warmongers Putin, Lavrov & Kirill try to justify the unjustifiable and reason the irrational for Invading and annexing the Sovereign land's of peaceful countries..   ▪︎Despot Putin wants to brutally revise the past annexing ex Soviet Union countries stealing their land and wealth whilst disregarding International law, human rights and existence of human life both young & old..   Yes, Liberty vs Oppression  Where you can vote in free and fair elections without the opposition being Murdered.. Where you can voice your opinion without being jailed.. Where international news is not gagged but legal as a human right.. Where you can elect in a new leader safely because no Dictator controls the nation... Where the people aren't brainwashed and manipulated by Fascist Propaganda... Where the World Order is based on The International Rule of Law & Human Rights, and not by Might is Right.. This = Democracy, Ukraine 🇺🇦, Free and Fair Elections etc..VS. Putin, Hitler, Stalin Autocratic, Authoritarian, Dictatorship & Fascism etc..   ▪︎"SATAN is the father of lies and was a murderer from the beginning.." (John 8:44).   ▪︎"The Lord examines the righteous, but the wicked, those who love violence, he hates with a passion" (Psalms 11:5).   ▪︎"Anyone who hates a brother or sister is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life residing in him" (1John 3:15).   ▪︎"Whoever does not Love does not know God because God is Love" (1John 4:7-8).   ▪︎"Love does no wrong to a neighbor therefore Love is the fulfilling of the Law" (Romans 13:10; Matthew 22:30-40).   ▪︎“A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.” (John 13:34).   ▪︎"Look, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to each person according to what they have done."  "I am the Alpha and the Omega, the First and the Last, the Beginning and the End" (Revelation 22:12-13)..
And if they actually make it into a war, won't Ukraine essentially attack military targets in the Russian areas surrounding Ukraine?
Putin is being the chess pigeon
I hope the Ukrainians understands the Deguello.  Now Putin will take the gloves off.   Russia will start doing to the Ukraine what NATO did to Serbia. Ukraine got a couple of good headlines for a couple of days and lost the war.
Basically,.. he sending many Russians to unnecessary deaths, then threatened entire world to damnation of nuclear conflict where millions would burn and  the world will not recover. I wonder what his 'allies' think 🤔
go 🚀🚀🚀XPANSION GAME!!! spending a lot of time on your PC??? XPANSION GAME your MONEY ENGINE!!! get it EARLEY   WIN ! ! !🛸🛸🛸
They went all in already. When he stands up and mentions to dignitaries that only part of the army is engaged, and they haven't even started yet. Consider that he is calling up his reserves. What happens after the reserves. This is a special military mobilization.
Pretty accurate report, thank you for being objective. You didn't touch on strategic aims in this video. The thumbnail suggests Putin is aiming to invade the rest of Ukraine. I don't think so. Events so far suggest Russia intends to finalise the gains of Luhansk, Donetsk, south Zaporozya and Kherson . The Russian nationalists will of course want Odessa but the cost of taking it too high in terms of military resources, casualties, etc. Ukrainian ideas of liberating Mariupol or even Crimea are also unrealistic. Both sides I think need to face reality and end the conflict more or less at the current borders.
Its cause Armenia and Azerbaijan are kicking off and he has nothing for armenoa
West condems it. World is neutral.
It won't in my view it gives Ukraine more time to mass mobilise more forces to repel them secondly the troops that will be coming in won't be as trained or battle hardened of the Ukrainian defence forces thirdly how are they going to get them there Ukraine controls izium the roads are going to be too difficult and the ammo depots are all being hit with himars. So when those troops get there they won't be ae to do much except relieve forces there and they are so green they probably piss grass.
He really should have gone for full mobilisation the day the first Ukrainian rocket landed in Belgrod.
Time for Ivan the accountant to shine on the battlefield.
Russia: we don't have trucks to supply our frontline. Also Russia: conscripts can carry stuff, right?
Bullshit mate
What happened to those soldier north korea said they would send
Putler when he will finally lose: F* it.  -Console  - Allowdiplo  -TagDebug  -Annex Ukr Why doesn't it work?
well with 80 k vs 750 k they did great but  with 4.1 ratio in disadvantage aint easy .so go go denatzify
Seeing the state of his other military equipment, I say call his bluff on the nukes. I bet 99% of them aren't even capable of leaving the silos.
When a smart man finds himself in a hole, he stops digging But Putin... is not a smart man
If youre already struggling to supply your demoralized troops. Is it really wise to just add more logistical pressure on yourself by committing MORE soldiers who dont want to fight? Russia has been drumming to the west "Winter is coming" and how we should worry, ironically now its his soldiers that should worry about winter
That was fast... "the video"
5:30 No. Russian's nuclear doctrine, as well as other states', do not allow the use of such weapons in case of a non-nuclear aggression but only if this aggression gets to threaten the very existence of the state, which won't be the case here. So your claim that it legitimizes the use of nuclear weapons in their eyes is false and I would be more careful whenever talking about nukes. That being said, Putin does whatever he wants, no matter the doctrine, laws of man or nature.
when all of this will end.. keep in mind that all you.. who were  tools in this escalation  will be at fault.. every single one of you...no one here in the "west" wanted peace.. all wanted blood.. just like you wanted the "injection" ... enjoy the end.
For Russia to even consider general mobilizations and recruit prisoners to fight in Ukraine pretty much confirms they have lost the war. Its no longer a superpower, barely even a regional power at this point. Just a country with a 2nd/3rd rate military and a lot of nukes.
Desperation...
He just announced more fertiliser for Ukraine fields.
I wonder how much the Russian public will continue to support the invasion if they are suddenly conscripted to fight?
I hope this story of lies and the so-called “mobilization”  announcement…and…again….renewed threats to nuke everybody inside and outside of Russia ….backfires….gloriously…on Tyrant Putin and his followers…who are sooo stuck up his rear end! 💥🔥💥  Any Russians who still have their heads screwed on right and are not stuck up Putin’s rear end…should NOW lead a revolution against the megalomaniac dictator…for already killing so many sons of Russia in this idiotic imperialist war against a peaceful neighbor country who didn’t do anything against Russia! Slava Ukraine!!🇺🇦🇺🇦
Russian trolls were all gloating about their successes in Ukraine.  Now they will be drafted and they will be able to personally assess the true situation.  Karma is a b****
He will declare the newly conquered territories as Russian with a staged referendum. Then if Ukraine tries to get them back he will use a “tactical” nuclear weapon. Next time he will take more territory and repeat, first referendum then threat with nuclear weapons.
Putin once any for all take notes (there will be a test later): Zerg rush only works in a defunct esports title!
It‘s pronounced leeman not lieman😂 (Lyman)
Putin looks rattled
Of course recalling the reserves is always a clear sign of victory, everyone believes you Vladdy
Until a nuke goes it's not all in.
The issue isn't so much Russia losing soldiers and equipment, it's that they do not have enough to occupy and launch major offensive at the same time. It is a long front line with the Russians facing an enemy that is double their size, none of this is surprising.
The frame rate of the camera on the presenter going up and down is so distracting ):
Putin can only escalate. He has backed himself in a corner and now cannot give up without losing power. He also thinks that the West will eventually stop support because especially Europe tries to de-escalate conflicts. He does not get that this time is different and that we know he is failing.
What it means? More fertilizer for Ukrainian soil, _that's_ what.
Won't they just be target practice? Conscripts in an attacking war are kinda dumb.
Putin needs to mobilize his war happy commentators and blogger commando's 😅🤡
putin must go for the war to end, he wants to prolong the war like that
can someone explains how Partial mobilizaion = All in ?  click bait...
The audio is a bit static
300k men send to die, to starve, to freeze, to be shot. A million unsupported men can't change the situation
By this point we should just hand few nukes to Ukraine and tell them to have fun.
What the hell…
I don't see the major cities getting affected because that's where problem start  Rural villages are gonna get fucked tho
Pro-Putin Gen Z and Millennials, its your time to shine. Russia needs more cannon-fodder.
25% consumers goods go brrrr
Yaaaaa... Let's see how much of those men actually head to Ukraine considering that they also got a second brewing war to deal with.
300K new, reluctant soilders; but, the same: generals, officers, coruption, poor moral, unsecure communications, poor decipline, and poorly maintained equipment...
Let's hope the west makes plans on how to respond to an eventual nuclear strike. Having done that we could completely ignore any rocket-talk coming out of putins mouth.
The West: "We will send weapons" Russia: "This will only prolong the war and cost more lives" Russia: "We will send more troops" The West: "This will only prolong the war and cost more lives"
Putin knows that his time is up. What we see right now is just the last desperate struggles of a doomed man.
Love this channel, always know I'll get clear explanations from people who know what they're talking about. (friendly suggestion.. maybe take a step back, that occasionally distorted audio is quite hard to listen to)
Russian high command is probably watching this video too with the same question.
>all in >partial mobilisation 🙃
You guys are wrong. Russia with it's allies is stronger than the heavily grumbling west. We've lost this game.
Putin is a complete moron. He maneuvered himself into a corner and now he thinks he can get out by squeezing himself more neatly into it. He has no idea how the game works, so he just plays high risk all the time, like a beginner in poker. For 5 rounds the pros may be holding back because they think the confidence is suspicious..... until they realize its nothing but hot air.
I like this channel and I watch it regulary, so thanks for all the work you're doing. But please, my dear brits, at least try a bit with the pronounciation. My ears are bleeding everytime you say Kherson...
Threats, more threats, more deaths, more untrained Russian kids for the meat grinder...Putin is a bully with a fragile ego, sacrifying his own people like Stalin and Lenin before him.
Russia used the nuclear threat card Russia burned it's energy blackmail card Russia used the food shortage card Now Russia is playing it's internal stability card Let it burn. Russians would deserve better leaders if they had the balls to stand up for themselves.
So Putin is doing a partial mobilization to throw more raw recruits with 30-year-old mostly-obsolete and poorly-maintained Soviet-era equipment into an army with poor morale in a war they are losing?   What could possibly go wrong!
Putin the worst dictator since Hitler and Stalin.
Putin threat Nato with nukes to protect his country. Nato isn't, and just sending the support they see right while avoiding nukes threat and use back. This president has lost his mind since long time ago, like if he uses even slightly a tactical nukethe strong wind on the regions will send the radioactive air to the east not west. This world need to get rid off nukes and putin and other bad leaders and communism.
All going according to plan boys. When did Russia go full North Korea with nuclear threats please?
Should have done this from the start
Rasputisa season is clearly the best for sending vehicles with soldiers such a long distance ahahahha 😂. * Napoleon and Hitler laughing in mud *
Putin war criminal !
once the referendum is over the nightmare of Ukraine begins MAIN MUSCLES COMES IN  the war ends in favor of russia hey what u expect to a idiot name zelensky he rader win by war than to peace talk when you still have the upper hand in the bargaining table
People need to stop worrying about nuclear threats. They've been making them for 70 years. If they claim the territory they stole is Russian land it doesn't matter. Western weapons have already been used against targets in Crimea with no Russian response and no-one recognises Russian annexation.
"Sir, we're losing the war!" "SEND MORE CANNON FODDER!!"
Oh dear. Somebody's clearly butthurt about losing a war against an improvised army much smaller than his own. It's okay Vladdy, it happens to the worst of us. Just ask your role model, Hitler had a bad time too, but at least he knew when to quit and call it a day on life.   If Putin would rather die than surrender, then let's just cut out the middle man, let's book him on a one way trip to a Swiss Clinic as a gesture of goodwill 😆
Do a daily briefing about Iran Too many news about iran since yesterday  Plz inform us from whats happening there
NATO May be forced to intervene.
Putin will arm them with sticks and stones after losing all that ammo and fire power.
What is happening?  A somewhat limited military operation - based on heavily weakened Russian forces, weakened by Russian corruption.  Russia looses not against NATO but against corruption  - as every autocratic state is going to do.  Next in this line: UK When will we watch UK marching against Europe as well?
If PUTIN uses nuclear weapons he is signing the death warrant of all the Russian people's and whole world.
Before 21/09/2022 - Special Military Operation After 21/09/2022 - Very Special Military Operation
Game over
his plans are running out
as a Hearts of Iron 4 player the moment I would declare war on Ukraine I would already been on war economy
“Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.” SUN TZU
Fertilizer for the soil of Ukraine! Cucumbers, cannon fodder!
Ukraine should take belgorod and give them a referendum to join Ukraine X_X
*Putin will go all in? could it mean that Russia will not have military enough to defend their own territory.*
wow you guys are fast!
At this point anyone who still believes they can buy peace in our time by allowing the mad man to take the Sudetenland is an idiot. NATO must start moving it's air force to bases closer to Ukraine and announce that if Russia uses of weapons of mass destruction or North Korean/Chinese troops attack Ukraine NATO will impose a no fly zone. And lift all restrictions on what kind of weapons Ukraine can receive, there is no reason Ukraine can't hit weapons depots and troop/equipment concentrations in Russia proper since Russia is already mobilizing anyway.
you know he is Lagging manpower by 2-3 month min that is 2-3 month in which the manpower issue wont be solved for the russian army ... that is time to setup the grinder for russians who actually want to invade Ukraine ... a new ... in Winter .... without adequat gear ... logistics ..... food........................ the only reason (if he is not insane yet) would be eighther to have paper leaverage for negotiations or (if he was insane) rectifying the use of Nukes .... NATO AWACS going dark yesterday would implecate that that would be the deathsentence for the whole of russia
They can certainly try supporting 300K more men when they can't even do it for the ones they still have. I give it two weeks being generous before it collapses under shit logistics, low morale and fighting through autumn/ winter without appropriate gear.
Putin littrealy Plays hoi4 but irl...
Putin say fuck it I am throwing the entire kitchen at Ukraine
Hoi4 partial  mobilisation active
Hello
This is gonna bite them real hard real soon I think
First
