i meant norway, not denmark!  here's part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER0awfltBRM
Prison was how they made money but now they’re full and the government is poor
I mean china still practices slave labor. Who knows how many die each day from that alone. Death is the reason they have less prisoners. The civilian lives there are at a far greater risk of death than here in America.
US prison system are worst  Me : bro why the door are like that💀
"US Prisions are the worst" US Health care: Allow me to introduce my self
What do minecraft players know about our world?
Everyone:”you don’t need to explane why” Me:”But but but the MINECRAFT IS BROKEN the windows are messed up the walls are messed up and the iron doors are messed up also this kinda looks like spruce 🚪
Something that was built by design
Sweden, Denmark and Norway are the best. So don't usa dare insult us
Him: The US prison system is the worst thing in the developed world.  Also him: d o o r
I was barely focused on the actual information because I was just staring at the broken doors
"the us considers China more authoritarian"
A lot of people don't support the current prison system in the US. That is, until you start talking about which inmates are in there, and when it comes to the really bad ones (sex offenders, murderers, mass scammers, etc.) then they fully support the harshest punishments that come their way. No rehabilitation, no restorative justice, just the good ol' fashioned "lock em up and throw away the key!". So when people say they support prison reform, no they don't.
The one time he acknowledges that he's running out of time and his sentence isn't cut off
Fuck politiet
I like ur voice
That s because u dont know brazil
i lost focus at the iron doors, now i gotta rewatch lmao
It's pretty irresponsible to pass off wrong or misleading information to millions of people who will take you by your word.   For example, you imply that private prisons exist in only the US or that they are the worst in the US but they also exist in countries like the UK, Australia and New Zealand. Australia having 18.4% of their prisoners in private prisons compared to the 8.4% in the US. Private prisons are also becoming less and less common and more and more States are outright banning them.  Another example being to call it slavery when prisoners work in jail. Using language like that is clearly a deliberate attempt to portray the situation under a certain light.  I know it's trendy now to go "Murica bad" but it's honestly really dangerous to expose blatantly wrong information to an impressionable audience who will automatically believe you.
Is prison is profiteering
The US prison system profits from arresting and putting people in jail. Why would they want things to get better?
Don't do crime then
The 13th amendment states that slavery is illegal *except as a form of punishment.*
I am addicted to ur vdos
Hey, here is the answer about American prison. DO NOT COMMIT CRIME YOU WON'T NEED TO WORRY ABOUT IT
Everyone : *_talking about the vid_* Me : HOW ARE THOSE IRON DOORS SO CURSED
Lol. China is more authoritarian. So let's count the uighyr Muslims. And private prisons only make up 8% of the US prison population.
I hate it when he says capita! Capital
Ah yes the American freedom
If the US had ethnic autonomy, prisons would be almost never used.
Private Prisons account for 8% of the total imprisoned population. The cost of maintaining prisons per prisoner is ludicrously high meaning of course their wages are going to be shit.   War on drugs was a large problem though tons of people arrested for non violent non harmful offenses the laws were made mostly out racism.    The sentencing project has a far less bias and fact based assessment which boiled down to they don't really save money and we don't know for sure If they're better or worse than regular prison because they're not very transparent.   Bad vid
song??
Norway, Sweden, Denmark they're basically the same thing 😂😂
Doubt china would be truthful about that kinda thing, but everything else is true, we really need to get our shit together
In Spain people make a crime to go back into prisión whenever they are out because it's like free good quality living without working a bit.
Lol we arrest mors people then China. Really says something about America
12 cents minimum wage in only a few states. If you're looking at this thinking he means it only gets lower you need to start researching for yourself rather than let others feed you information.
It's a cultural problem imo not government. Why? Japan conviction rate is 99% yet they have some of the lowest crimrates in the 1st world. And upon entry are given a debrief on Japanese legal system to put plainly you're better off confessing to something that you didn't do (minor offense) another example is Singapore where smoking a joint WILL get you hanged sure it has extremely low crimerates but the backwards thinking of extreme punishment there many of you would disagree with such as petty thief results in loss of a limb usually the dominant hand. The US makes money off of criminals boo hoo. Try changing American culture if you really wanna end incarnation, imo Singapore and Japan do it right even tho their punishments are often severe and unusual compared to our standards.
The US prison system focused on punishing their prisoners which as history has proven time and time again will not always be effective. Europe uses rehabilitation which has been proven to be much more successful than punishment
The us is the worst at a lot of things
wait was that a flick or a 360?? even so that was a good jump
No, lol.
And to reform them into their religion.
I was focused on door glitch more
I noticed cause the beginning and end of each month you'll see a lot of cops in the streets cause they're trying to reach their number of tickets minimum for each month.
What about norways
Love how he says since the US jails more people than China that means the US is some how more authoritarian than China.
Can we talk about how good he is at parkour
what the hell those doors doing
THERE TRYING TO BUILD A PRISON  THERE TRYING TO BULID A PRISON  THERE TRYING TO BUILD A PRISON FOR YOU AND ME TO LIVE IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!
… jeg vil sige det er sandt ja man må få en computer en blød seng godt mad ingen farlige våben vi dansker elsker hin anden vi er ikke sure vrede men glade kommer du til Danmark finder du godt mad godt velkommen og har lov til alting bare ikke røve stjæle eller skyde mord vol blodbad fx. Vi er også mindst corruption
The 13th amendment states “Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, *except as a punishment for crime* whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.”  If you commit a crime you are a slave, and I don’t see a problem with that until it falls under “cruel and unusual punishment”
Everytime some from the US says they have it harder than anyone else I'm the world, I find it hilarious, it's impressive how much they don't realize how shittier the world around them is, tho it would also be impressive to meet an American that knows more than 2 countries of South America
Adam ruins everything: “The US Prison System.“ Come on Man you already did this with the Moon Video.
Me:Just watching the cursed iron doors
He says this and yet the Chinese prison system is worse. If you get put on death row in China, you will have more than a 99% chance of not getting out. They don’t do enough investigations, so a lot of people get framed.
Us in one word: overrated
Don't "by population" and "per capita" mean the same thing?
While there is a lot to be fixed in America especially our prison systems. Don’t devalue the authoritarian Chinese government as a rancid institution. I’m personally for prison abolition, but don’t compare the authoritarian Chinese government to our just blossoming fascism here in the US.
It works perfectly fine. As in, it's doing exactly what those with power want
Lucky im from denmark
China has fewer in jail but more in the dirt.
I love how the audio is him explaining and all but he questions existence mid-video because of the half open doors
Let’s not forget in places like China people are killed still. This is a country that still does death by firing squad.
Gabe: US prison system is the worst Me: wtf is that cursed iron door and glass panes
14 out of 19
Yess lets go danmark
Honestly china has fewer incarcerations because they just run people over with tanks
I love the fact that he's just playing Minecraft like a normal person, but then he voices over that almost wanting to kill you will kill you someone going to kill you or you killing yourself so never take this lightly
Yes but the norway prison system has its own flaws too. Terrible people like terrorists that comit mass murder only get 21 years because thats the maximum.
He knows from experience
not just a prison though
*N The Most Effected By This To This Day Are Brown Aka Mexican/Latino/Native Americans & Black Americans🤦🏽‍♂️👎🏽*
I'm only just now realizing this but the music in the background sounds almost like something Pkch / Pukicho made  I mean interesting stories & facts and such but It tooks me a few _months_ to realize this about tbe music (sounds kinda different-ish tho? So i dunno what song it is entirely)
Moral of the story: don't get arrested
That is one cursed parkour map
Most prisons in other countries also release you after 5-10 years for murder… so it’s a double edged blade
People in the US be like: "what? The US sucks!?" People outside the US: "Tell me something new"
People get bayed to be in prison!?
Denmark’s prison system isn’t so bad. People can’t get a lot of prison time, there’s no life sentence or death sentence. Our crime rate isn’t high as well. If we talk about Norway’s system, it’s far better than US’s. They have luxury prisons for the prisoners, they can live freely, and their crime rate isn’t high, due to their high standard living.
you should get more education before doing videos like this.
A lot of what you said isn't accurate and it all comes down to what state you live in.
I like how he stops at the doors like "wtf is this?"
moral of this story: don't commit a crime
Feels like your just copying a ton of adam ruins everything vids
The time they get sentenced to is way better than many countries like New Zealand for example In NZ (New Zealand) someone who ran over a kid on purpose or something like that will be sentenced to a miserable 5 years at the most as opposed to an approximate American sentence of 19 years
no way, jail is bad? thats crazy
If prison was actually effective, there wouldn’t been nearly as many repeat offenders, which is exactly what the companies want to make the most money possible at the expense of everyone else.
Oh hey! You mentioned my country!
I love that he was doing a parkor buy he got confused buy the glitched door lol  What we ware talking about again?
Im so distracted with that glitched door lol
This is why you don't let everyone have a gun.
After every sentence I feel like I’m gonna hear Serj Tankian say “THEYRE TRYNA BUILD A PRISON THEYRE TRYNA BUILD A PRISON (ANOTHER PRISON SYSTEM) FOR YOU AND ME TO LIVE IN!”
I wouldn’t trust the official numbers China puts out on anything..
The door is just😂🤣😂 Lmao-
Indian prison system is ... Well
but theres prisons way worse than this
It’s more of a social problem NOT a prison problem
Denmark basically gives you a 5 star hotel. If you live in poverty you can commit murder and live lavishly
Kinda depends tbh I don't think some prisoners deserve redemption such as pedophiles rapist or certain murders rather they should rot the rest of their life in pain or be killed
But prison is meant to be a punishment right? It’s supposed to suck so people don’t wanna go back by committing more crimes
Us prison is not even close to worst   What drug are you on
Or just not commit crimes
Depends what state your in
What's the song
"The US prison system sucks" *ketawa di dalam bahasa Indonesia*
Well you see in China or North Korea they don’t put you in jail they just shoot you.
It's definitely not the worst in the world, almost 80% of: Thai; African; Middle Eastern; Chinese prisoners were probably innocent
One of the main reasons that we (the US) have more prisoners than China and more authoritarian countries is because we have a certain amount of freedom.
Well u compare it to china as china being better in terms of prison, but i dont think china would tell anyone their actual numbers for things like that. Especially since people there just happen to go missing with no explanation than go to prison.
And that’s why I’m glad I live in Philadelphia because krasner is one of the people trying to solve this problem
To be fair china has concentration camps and harvest peoples organs so I think America's view is fair on that.
“Even though the US considers China more authoritarian” well yeah… they disappear people and are genociding a group of people in their western provinces.
Why the fuck were the doors in half
Maybe don’t commit crimes 🤨
Those doors were broken
I guarantee you that China doesn’t count the people in the concentration camps as ‘Prisoners’
Shitty loop x13  And also just remember that prison is for bad people, its fine to make it more habitable but its meant to be a punishment  If someone killed my brother, I wouldnt want them going to a prison where they live better than me.
Calling out the us gov on that over Minecraft is honestly a solid flex
I mean the “private prison” thing is kinda the problem 😂😂 Americans love money too much
Brazil: ayo come look at this
This literally just says that we’re good at catching criminals
I think Saudi Arabia has the most strict prison system and I love it
Thank god it sucks
12 FUCKING CENTS WHATTTT
I mean it really is the u.s kinda forgot the whole reillibation system
They're trying to build a prison They're trying to build a prison They're trying to build a prison for you and me to live in
The Crime Rate is the highest it’s been in decades why do you Youtubers always just make up bs
Who the fuck can take Minecraft commentary about complex social issues seriously?
Everyone: What are you known for? US: freedom US: rights US: wealth Everyone: obesity, bad prison system, guns, corruption, stupidity US: D:
America are insanely Hippocratic
‘The minimum wage for prisoners is 12 cents per hour’  I never even knew prisoners got paid
China doesn’t report its numbers accurately… also concentration camps don’t classify as prison to China.
I think you mean the school system, but it’s easy to get those words mixed up in America.
Brazil would like a word
Less people are in prison in China because if you slip up you die
Prisons r money making machines for rich people in america
Thanks
Prison should be a punishment, but to some degree I agree with you. We do need reform there but it still should be a punishment
That's cuz China just kills people that commit crimes
Him *talking about shitty prison system*  Me: "what da door doing?"
Denmark actually (also) has cells that looks like apartment bedrooms, sometimes ps4, tv, ok good food etc. etc.
I'm from the future. You lied. You told us about Norway, not Denmark. Boo!
Right now in Washington state the prisoners get off payed normal minimum wage which they don’t have to pay taxes on. They also don’t have to pay rent. so I get .12 cents isn’t much but it shouldn’t be minimum wage
I don't like the US but anyone who wants criminals to be happy and well looked after is a moron. Don't do the crime if you can't do the time
Hahaha…     Metrics…
Prisoners shouldn’t get money AT ALL
I am going to norway for no aparent reason
And I thought my 2$ per hour was bad
Have yall even seen philippine prisons lol
this man has become based
The half open doors were very interesting
The door... It only happens when you copy and paste a build with doors using worldedit
Tbh China does lie a lot about their statistics like when they told everyone COVID wasn’t going to be a big deal and tried to pin to the blame on some other country for starting COVID when it’s really obvious that they started COVID
The Video in the Background is the best youve ever had imo
Just fun fact( not really ) The us would plant cia government officials to sell to black/poc neighbors and then use that for the “ war on drugs “one more reason to hate Ronald Reagan
If your always running outta time MAKE A VIDEO not a shorts :)
Also China kills a lot of prisoners.
Dont you mean norwegian prisons not denmarks
THEY’RE TRYNA BUILD A PRISON!
I agree the US is in a horrific spot but by saying china has less prisoners you ignore re-education camps that groups like the  uyghurs
"The US prison system by most metrics... " jokes on you these guys don't use metric
dammit i was bout to say I LIVE IN DENMARK when i saw u meant norway i was like Well that sucks
Us has the worst:  1.School education 2.Prisons 3.health 4.History 5.Reputation
who here just kept paying attention to the weird door, rather than the story?😂
the prison system needs to be completely abolished
We don't consider China to be more authoritarian...China is more authoritarian.
china has lower prisoner rates because they are all probably dead for low social credit
japan very pog
I live in Denmark
are we just going to ignore the broke doors?
Might have to do with the 1994 Crime Bill. Also, a politician repeatedly and openly defied U.S. Supreme Court orders to reduce overcrowding in California prisons while serving as the state’s attorney general, according to legal documents reviewed by the Prospect. Working in tandem with Gov. Jerry Brown, this person and their legal team filed motions that were condemned by judges and legal experts as obstructionist, bad-faith, and nonsensical, at one point even suggesting that the Supreme Court lacked the jurisdiction to order a reduction in California’s prison population. Look up these facts, and you’ll understand what’s going on.
i dont think prison was supposed to be comfortable bro
I love how he just stared amazed at the doors for a vit
You can't really compare Denmark to the US
Don't they just kill people in China?
Long story short go to Norway if you want to do some crime
Um everyone is basically a prisoner in Korea and a lot of Chinese prisoners you don’t know about because they are communist
China don’t release all the actual records they understate the numbers to look better
This man truly is profound
You creep me out when I was drinking coke
Solitary Confinement is torture. Introverts: *Sarcastically* "Oh dear god, it's unbearable, I totally don't want to be in here any more, please let me out!"
eyyy im from Denmark and im happy that we are finaly geting some recinition
Well Norway has a fraction of our population and the prisoners are forced to work you’re wrong it two ways
the only people i dont feel bad for in prisions are pedophiles, rapists, cult leaders, and serial killers. some murderers can be justified so that's why i didnt put them there.
This dude could be a lawyer
Most nonviolent crime sentences should be met with hours of labor, not years of incarceration. Lets them stay with family, still serves as punishment, and has a rehabilitative effect because the prisoners know exactly what they are missing.
Can we just. Talk Abt the map a bit
yeah but you don’t want the dude that killed your family to live in luxury
Ay my country
It is definitely not the worst prison in the world China took that
Bruh I ain’t even got a job. 12 cents a hour sounds pretty good rn, who’s coming with???
Norway isn't the most powerful country though. Im not disagreeing just putting it out there
“American prisons? Ha it’s like daycare”
Whats the opposite of inflation
How da door doin dat?
Let's be honest, what system in the US doesn't suck?
It's not supposed to be good
Bro if you think the US government is more authoritarian than the CCP then you simply don’t understand the term authoritarian
I mean it’s very clear that China is more authoritarian than the US but ok
Lol im from denmark
Nah fuck that. The government always looks at it from a decreasing crime standpoint, not a justice for the family or victim standpoint. If someone did something to me or my family, i want them to suffer beyond measure for a ling time. And if the legal system won’t do it, i don’t have much choice but to take it into my own hands, and I would. The point of it is justice. And 5 years in Nordic Hotel/Prison just isn’t cutting it. If my daughters assaulter was in prison supposedly, and I turn on the Tv and he’s fucking zombie dancing I would go ballistic. So yea toss em in the most medieval type shit you can find
I like how he stopped to look at the half opened door
Maybe more people are in prison because we don't execute as many people as china? And we don't fudge the numbers like they do in China.
Yes and no .... the System is bad but also the us has problems with crimes ... also gangster culture played a big role in all of this
Myth: US prison system is the worst Fact: US is the worst
I love how he saw how playing a server using older versions can mess up iron bars, doors etc.
When he paused on the parkour and stared at the door I shit myself with laughter 🤣🤣🤣
Its kinda refreshing having one of those "shit "kind of short youtubers not saying shit things
I like that he spent a good few seconds in the parlour course staring at a glitched door and window
Slaves? Not only are they losers but they aren’t slaves
no dip
Love this Gabe. I had some slight concerns about the last video I saw from you and felt the need to comment about it but I know you are doing a great job and making important issues accessibile
I noticed the parkour map he was doing was a Prison map. Nice touch!  Also I like the way you looked at that door like “what”
The US is also very non homogenous
The point of the US system is to make prisoners not want to come back
I live in denmark
So us prison System is like everything there: fucking capitalistic
This is literally word for word a second thought video
I like how this dude is talking about the prison system and shit  And the dude playing is just like: aw hell naw Minecraft got the new janky ass doors and glass panes
(Pro tip) if you don't do crime you won't end up there
Gabe: talking about prison or something idk  Me: paying attention to him trying to flip the lever
Hey I’m from Denmark
song name please.
The doors are glitched lol
The point of prison should be teaching people to be a better person. Not torturing them.
So America is the worst first world country to live in as usual
Many aspects of America can make it seem as though it’s literal ass. But most people fail to remember that America is hundreds and thousands of years younger than other countries. It’s like judging a 10 year old for not knowing how to pay taxes. You didn’t give the kid enough time to grow or enough time to learn. It is judged for its history, education, etc. compared to most other countries when they were americas age, it is probably the most advanced. At the rate it’s going, America isn’t going to be the best country in 1000 years. However, that’s not because of the education or prison system. That’s because of global warming
Slight problem  If we were to change to another system we would be even more fucked because our crime rates have already skyrocketed in some states due to their lawlessness. We have been less and less harsh on criminals and we have stopped incarceration them to the point where people will walk into a store, steal a ton of stuff in front of everyone (including the security) and walk out and Noone will stop them. All we can do is keep the repeat offenders in prisoner. (The only problem is we let half those people out) no joke we ligit had some dude in NY that got arrested some 100+ times and he never went to jail
the spanish prison system isn't the best in the world, but the spanish constitution specifies penal system should have a reformative goal, not punitive  conservative people get mad about how inmates get decent living conditions, sometimes even claim for sadistic punishments, you can tell they are distanced from the problem
(based)
The US just keeps trying to find excuses to have slavery and racism in its borders. As a famous quote goes: “America isn’t becoming less racist, it’s just becoming better at hiding it.”
🇦🇫🇲🇽etc...
Cursed minecraft doors lol
Wow, you not only described the prison system flawlessly, but also the American education system!
At least they don't trade prisoners "cough" "cough" middle east "cough" "cough"
Your vids are so interesting i sometime forget to like
I wish more people were conscious of this, its also sad how people will completely disregard others humanity just because they have committed a crime as if all criminals are murderers and they were all imprisoned fairly
What music is the background kind of like it?
Because of red lining and the over policing of black neighborhoods, a lot of the people subjected to this treatment are black/other people of color 😰
ya and there is like 2000 killers
Everyone talking about how confusing his videos are: Me  only caring about that 360 he did: wow 😮
What’s this dude’s tiktok
Ahhh yes allow Minecraft parkour pseudo intellectuals to give us all the answers
Me listening to him: oh wow  My brain in the beginning: what putting ladders on those invisible blocks is so smart why didn't I think of that   (PS: I know what they are called i just forgot its like 3am my brain is sad)
How open do you want to be  Door: ye-
Us: *allows guns in the country and expects people to use them for self defence* Us citizens: oh boy, here i go killing again
your videos are as confusing as that iron door
This is so misguided.
Nani he stopped to look at the door
What is the difference between "by population" and "per capita"? English is my second language and the dictionary says that "per capita" means "per person", so shouldn't that be the same?
Why did you do that every single video
But imagine working like 1-7 hours and not even make a dollar
Gabe: “US has more people incarcerated than china”  The 2 million muslims incarcerated for being muslim: okay
He has cracked Minecraft, smh smh
Want less crime, triple all crimes jail time
You they did illegal fucking shit they deserve that your actions have consequences
Ok im.srry but did my guy rlly fucking say the crime rate is going down
Sorry if we are not giving murderers crumpets and tea.
China has comparable amounts of people in organ harvesting camps… this is so cap
Dawg in CA u get RELEASED pretty much regardless of what u did. There r murderers on the streets here.
In the us, inmates aren’t considered citizens and lose their rights
USA USA USA #1!!!
I love how he's confused about the iron doors
But Denmark is considered 1 of the best places to live...
Ah yes, the half door
Pleaseeeee tell me the music name
Cool but that door tho
My frien accidentally bumped into this karen when turning the corner and he went to jail for "Assult" for a couple of months. Hes only 15 and got left back
China: Is not prison If You call them Reeducation camps
Try Mexico's prisons
Pretty sure you just get shot in China, or kidnapped in an unmarked van and never seen again, but hey, lower incarceration rate amirite
I like how he takes a hot second to look at the messed up iron door
lol sitting in a room by yourself is torture? 😂
I can’t take it seriously when someone says that the US is the best country in the world. They don’t realize they are glancing over so many issues that other countries have solved or don’t have. Issues that are simple like this. Overall the quality of life as an American is worse than other developed countries, but they refuse to see that, and thus refuse to change. It’s like a child when you tell them something about the adult world and they don’t understand and just keep being a kid. Except they grew up a long time ago.
And that's how we got our scp foundations
Y'all are acting like the people who went to prison did nothing to deserve it
You should definitely have included a sources link in this video since it blatantly sources from Second Thought’s video on the U.S prison system, practically line for line   https://youtu.be/WNhlXUBNJPE
Haha parkor go brrrrrr
Damn those doors said    Ahem    ŚĠĤŘ BF GOODRICH ĴĎẞ8 CV ĎĴDIWJBSUXJENSHJDÈEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeAaaaaaaAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA
the US aint civilized at all tho tbf
I don’t wanna be in America
This and the fact that the system disproportionately targets black communities to profit off of their free labor to benefit the rich. This plays into police brutality which was instigated when this system was created to get more people into jail which equals more profit. That's also why records show black neighborhoods having more policing. Since our law enforcement system was created back when, presumably during the start of the 1900s, it's easy understand why this occurred and is maintained to modern time. Literally racism
The US prison system works, the justice system does not.
The song In the vid
Ahhh also look at how Filipino prisoners are
everyone talking about the prison stuff he talked about...  me wondering why he was trying to get in one of the cells
Can someone name a music in a background?
Don't forget that in the 13th amendment it says slavery is capital punishment ie. Prisons are literal slavery
can u put a damn eq on ur voice, I wanna watch but my headphones gonna explode because of low end vocals
The US jails people for good reasons usually, things like rape, murder and etc.  While China jails people for things like speaking out against the regime and practicing religion. They also kill a lot of people for those reasons and Muslims in uyghur China are going through a genocide currently. The CCP is no doubt an authoritarian regime.
Channel went from wacky thought experiments to discussion of societal problems and systematic oppression
What parkour maps do you play
"Well why should we pay them?" BECAUSE THEY'RE HUMAN BEINGS It doesn't matter what they did they deserve their rights and they're never gonna change unless they're shown how to become better. Torture doesn't make someone better
Hey, here in Latin America we also have prisons, and I'm pretty sure they're worst, actually in many other countries they are worst. For example North Corea
I think there are many other social factors that cause the issue as well, when people leave prision they shouldn't be allowed to go back to the group that taught them the mindset to begin with. Also "slight offense gets you in solitary confinment" doesn't seam true. The justice system is suppossed to justify a sentence catered to everyones situation.
Ayo that door is cool
I dont like that in prisons the just put you in a small place doing the same every day for a long time and they think you are        gonna get out like a diferent person but it doesnt...
And this is why we shouldn’t let private companies control shit like this.
I like how he's parkouring in prison
Jake Tran has a much better video on this topic
Do you think denmark system work in America ? I think not
I love how Japan prison is like a "school" to make prisoners learn their mistakes instead of just being tortured and not understanding why at most.
I hate how no one is taking about how cursed the video is
the virgin mass incarceration vs the chad mass death penalty
When you watch this with the volume off, it makes absolutely no sense at all
Oh?what about irans prison system?
This makes me not wanna live in America.
Funny how much Americans complain about everything in their country without realizing how much better they got it than like 80% of the world lmao.
Compared to other countries prisons United States prisons are like a country club.... don't get your facts wrong
Prison sucks well did you think it was luxurious place and not that it sucks?
Comparing our system to China and India fails to also account for the fact that Chinese and Indian people act far more honorably and commit far fewer crimes on average. It's not because prison is too lucrative, it's because people here think they're more free than they are.
Prison may be bad but it is extremely difficult to get into
So no one is gonna talk about the brazilian prisons?
“We live in a society”
This guy has so many smart videos yet he still got so confused by those doors…
Yes give murderers house robbers and rapist a comfy place to be at that will brake there habit I have a seat that will make them stop the electric chair
Yeah I wouldn't defend China on this one. Sure the "crime rates" might be low but thats cause they rule over their people so harshly. Secret police locking people up for things they say online, people arrested for practicing their faith. China right now has  concentration camps for countless Christians and Muslims. Although this isn't confirmed, there's evidence they were executing people who had covid. They are brutal and oppressive.
if you lock someone up and treat them like an animal, you get an animal. if you treat them like a normal human being, you get a normal human being. prison should not be about being punished, being incarcerated is already punishment in itself. rehabilitation is the key.
No shit we have more people we have some of the most crime I mean how does that not fucking make sense more bad people means more people incarcerated it’s fucking simple bro
The reason China has little incarcerated prisoners is because they are very authoritative and kill all the criminals
I'm not focusing on the prison system, Im focusing on what the hell it wrong with the backround
If I will ever commit an offense in the law I will make sure to do it in Denmark, thanks bud 👍
The US is just one of the 1st world country that aren't really that develop it self at all, still has a lot of problem over all if anyone scratches it's surface it is develop but the inside is still filled with old out dated believes, traditions and unappropriate views on it's sociaty, thanks for 2020 for showing it's faults to us
Prison is a bucket of gasoline, gasoline fuels fire making the fire bigger, prison fuels people’s problems making them worse
https://youtu.be/s7ZsYe5Uwg0
Thanks for telling me prison sucks while playing Minecraft I’m sure you have a great idea of things
The sync tho
What server is he playing on?
Everyone: talks about prison Me: P E R F E C T  L O O P
Bruh i get so excited when people mention denmark  Like yay my country is getting mentioned
Why should the prison meant to punish criminals be a nice experience
Well maybe you have never seen the massive courtyards we have at our prisons in Denmark  that America does not have
I saw the second one before the first
Idiot's
Us prison is the worst? Ma man come to Romania... pls
What is the music in the background?
It is prison though, I’m pretty sure it’s meant to make it impossible to be reincorporated into society
U can go through that gaps in every server if it has those gaps in between glasspanes and iron rods
China has it worse by far. Not an excuse though
I like how you got confused at the doors
Don't worry! I got ranked up! I am now immune to torture.
Probs is China doesn't admit to how many people they have in prison. In death camps alone China has more than half of the U.S. incarcerated.
What is the sound
The fact that theyre authoritarian is the reason why theres less crime. They will put you in prison for years for speaking bad of their government imagine the penalty for anything else.
him almost running out of time to explain but still slays that cut at the end 🔥
Guys lets all remember these people in prison have mostly committed serious crimes. They get this treatment because they were bad. This guy is a f-ing idiot and should learn more about prisoners crimes.
Crime rate dropped with the rise of incarceration. Sounds like a successful system to me.
I feel like the prison parkour was crossing the line
Long story short. Us prison is a place where people make money, while Nordic prison focus on letting the prisoner stay in prison but without losing sight of what is happening in the real world unlike the us where you don't know what is happening so most us prisoner are unable to follow the change unlike the Nordic.
Yeah so unfair that criminals so little, maybe they shouldn't break the law and go to prison. Or maybe they shouldn't get a job in prison and just enjoy what little they have in there, you don't have to work a job and 12 cents is better than nothing. It already cost a shit ton to feed and house them, pay for all the bills to run a prison and you care about how much they get paid, they should be working for free
why are we paying inmates?
China may have less because they like kill them.
Him: Is talking about the prison system  Me: EYO LOOK AT THOSE FUNKY ASS DOORS
Yeah complain about US prison system then come live here in Brazil. You will stop complaining in no time, you literally live within criminals, and some part of the population even support it. So pls that quite an exageration and missinformation.
Ya there r less ppl in prison in places like China because they just "disappear" instead
Why whlould prison not suck man? It is a place where you get sent for doing something bad WHAT DID YOU EXPECT?
"Considers" .... yeah no... when you send an ethno religious minority to concentration camps and mass executions then oh yeah it's an authoritarian state my G.
Fun fact schools are based off of prisons/jails systems
Brazil: _Laughs in Carandiru_
look at the iron door
US systems are terrible. Period.
Wait, inmates receive money???
Crime rates are going up lol
They are ‘more authoritarian” as if they do not have Muslims in concentration camps at this very moment.
I like that you are mentioning Denmark cause I actually live here but I haven’t been to prison... yet
One day you will understand that humanism is not for everyone, but for bigger group.
Short answer: just like everything in the US, it’s a business
In the US prison system, people also use the prisoners to give themselves more political power.  Lemme explain; How a district is formed in the US is through many rules and regulations, but one of those rules includes a population count. That way, each district when voting would have voting power equivalent to their population. But, many formed districts took the prison population into account when they formed them. And the problem is, those prisoners have no voting rights, or some aren’t even citizens of that state. So they shouldn’t even be counted in the first place.  Basically, it’s prison gerrymandering.
Denmark police system is one of the best. Let me explain one of the things. When you drive too fast they don't drive after you, after some time they go to your home and talk not aggressive but just give you the ticket and talk
Only 8% of inmates are in private prisons and this proportion isn't growing. The whole "incarceration for profit" narrative is true, but it's not so much for profit of private prisons but for profit of prison guard unions and free labor for the states.
Some rehabilitation is needed, I believe instating more rehabilitation would be a good thing. However at the end of the day prison is not supposed to be therapeutic. It is a punishment, it is meant to be a consequence. If you are homeless and you commit a crime and you get a therapist, a bed, free food, free tv, you get to walk where you want and you never have to worry about nearly anything. You wouldn’t want to leave.
America is a business change my mind
Worst in the ‘developed’ world.  So it’s good, just not good enough
the US also seems to have a maturity problem. Many grown adults, especially politicians, act like spoiled babies and have temper tantrums whenever something goes slightly wrong, and many of them have the knowledge of babies As well.
and remember what
where do you find this parkour? is it a server?
The fact that my mom and grandma used to tell me that everybody wanted to move to America and that America was the most free country honestly just upsets me at this point because everybody by now knows that is definitely not the case 😐
Makes sense
Finally a YouTuber who kinda talks about this stuff😂
So killers rapist and thieves should be in luxury ? Nope
"The usa prison its sucks" Brazil Prisons: am i a joke to you?
He's so smart
Can you imagine working 40 hours a week and only being able to afford a single pack of cigarettes
Here is an idea it sucks probably because murders rapist people who attempt to harm hurt damage people are properly don't deserve to have a lounge time. it also might not suck if idk you follow the law. Also America you go to prison you technically lose most rights and freedoms for instance freedom of travel speech sometimes assembly The hole point of prison is to make it unbearable so you don't want to cone back idk if it is so much the system but the culture like why do people chose to do criminal activities Sure you go to prison it's harder to get a job... But i don't think that is unreasonable seeing no one wants to hire you because of your history of violence or destruction of property but none the less i have seen way more  successful people then me who had a bad past so it isn't impossible.
China has less incarcerated because they just make violators disappear.
Y'know what other system is really bad? The school system
Spoiler alert you lose your rights if you go to jail so the inmates opinions do not matter
as if I needed another reason to hate ronald reagan😒
You wanna talk about China and Authoritarianism? Next talk about how many people get their organs harvested in the US.
“The US prison system sucks…” Ohh I see, we’re not counting North Korea and China because they just kill peaceful protesters
Guess someone discovered John Oliver
No entendi xdxd
Tell me you no nothing about the US prison system without telling me.
China doesn’t incarcerate people they just take their organs and kill them
Reading off of the internet? 1.8 are only incarcerated in America
I find the topic fascinating, but I think one of the reasons why Americans are adamant to keep our prisons inhumane (other than profit motive), is that American culture romanticizes (and even obsesses over) revenge.
“Crime rates going down” Yeah, ok.
What song is this???
Long story short :problembs need solved but everyones just gonna cpmplain in an empty way and demand it be burnt down with no real alternatives. The us would solve most of its over populated prison issue if minor drugs werent prison worthy and if they changed it to a maintenance fee instead of per prisoner. Or pay for well treated prisoners and not just population.
Is China really a good comparison when every one is scared to breath over there?
Ok, you clearly don't understand the us prision system. You can not use the metrics of the world to solve the us system. We have a unique problem is the us. Most of it stems from the way people are raised. Start comparing inmates based on 2 parents, no father figure, what area they are raised in...etc
So we just ignoring the cursed doors
When I was in jail they get 65 dollars per person they have a day going to jail makes the county money
Guess school is failing again.
We are the most incarcerated because alot of countries just execute you for crimes, often without evidence, trail, the appeals process, or any of that nonsense. Also please reconcile the disparity between these more "ideal systems" in countries which have almost no diversity and lower population.
So prisoners are earning more than me 😶
Dawg I ain't gonna argue the us prison does have a poor prison system but u can't just use a country like China as an example of why we imprison more cause of one fact u brought up they are authoritarian. I would not trust a country like them to be honest about their incarceration rates considering the track record they have of lying about less bad things they tend to lie about anything that might make em look bad at all and ik for sure they lie to make their country look like a utopia that had no crime issues seriously using China is like using North Korea as an example of why the us is poor cause Korea says their citizens make more than us citizens (which they actually do claim) id sooner say Russia is a reliable source since they aren't as concerned about their image to others
Maybe you should approach more serious topics like this with some respect and not put the minecraft footage with it
Jesus do you do any research. Why would you compare Denmark, a country not even close in wealth, power, influence, etc. To the US. To our prison system. The UK would work better.
Well china just murders them. And our prison system sucks, most other countries prisons are worse
Why dont you make longer videos that actually go in depth about what youre saying?
Yeah lest compare the us to a country whit 5.8 miljon people a non existent gang scene. More trust betwen people and institutions. Far less tension and polarisation
They should release all the people that are in jail just for freaking drugs. They may have done the trucks but it's not their fault We all have addictive tendencies. Idk Just a thought No hate. Just because this is a comment section I believe that someone's going to comment something rude back to me I'm expecting it. prepared... 🤭😂
So... no one's gonna talk about those Half open Half Close Iron Doors?
First I saw the title poison sucks
Yeah putting people in prison that's not necessarily make them a better person nor it would scare second offenders. Let's bring back capital punishment and see how that goes
Well, the reason why we have so many people incarcerated, is because America's  government is overan by the citizens of America. What I mean by that Is, Americas majority of citizens are ignorant of how much damage criminals are doing. For example, A small child has been molested by a 30 year old male. That 30 year old male will get caught, then after he gets caught he will go to prison and sit there for while. In many other country's, he will get death penalty shortly after proven guilty. (As he should) but America is full of people who belive that 30 year old male should make an apology to the family and the child, and the man shall go on his way.   Me personally, I feel like you need to suffer for your consequences. It makes no since how you can kill someone and barely have consequences.
SOTD
Didn't system of a down tell us this?
Just don’t get yourself in prison then
I live in denmark and it isnt as bad as usa from What ive herd
US: overflowing Netherlands: Needs to get prisobers from other countries in order to fill up the prison slightly
anyone else notice Gabe looking at the messed up doors and trying to open them lol
Can you do school?(idk if you have)
Slavery is legal as a punishment for a crime
The U.S Constitution blatantly says that all forms of slavery is not allowed except for when committing a crime
*Hello? Based Department?*
As bad as the US prison system is, Denmark’s system is straight up a day care not a prison
Stupid democrats messed up the US prison system 😡
Rehabilitation > Punishment
Hey, it'll keep people outta there
I heard Finlands prison system is also pretty dope, probably all Scandinavian country's have the same
*true*
Whooo America
Incarceration rates being the same as an authoritarian government is kind of a stretch.
That voice tho
If we legalize one plant and release everyone who was charged for possession and distribution of it the prison population would be more than cut in half.
Well maybe that criminal who shot someone should've been told that there actions have consequences
*laughts in Brazil's prison system*
America ALWAYS wins!  #1 Moat returnees to prison!!!!
Pretty sure other countries on black Friday don't have a horde of zombies i mean people slamming each other in the store for deals that aren't really worth it
Yes
Bruh in Denmark you can literally murder someone just to get 10 years of "jail" provided with all kinds of entertainment and nice food
Singapore wardens: not even the locals can know the method used to punish the prisoners, if we tell we will be executed
The us prison system is quite bad and I don’t disagree but I have a hypothesis that countries like China are using loopholes or simply not making complete counts on the number of prisoners they have
Don't fuck up then lol
Chinese government kills most of their criminals that’s why
People love to say all this but would you rather be locked up in Brazil or the US? Syria or the US? Make a video comparing the treatment of prisoners and comparison of prison infrastructure between the US and poor countries and let’s talk again.
"Our system is the worst" Me who lives in Latin America: ._.
I mean china just fucking kills most of their criminals including drug dealers which make up a large portion of U.S. incarcerations. So go figure, duh china’s prison population is going to be lower than ours…
US prison system is the worst. Ehm Japan, Russia,...
Bullshit China executes most of their prisoners and also harvests their organs, hair, skin, body parts. China does not just enslave people, they wipe out population of ethnic minorities, religions and cults 💁‍♂️ they prosecuted like 40-60 millions of their own people in the social revolution. The US is saint compared to China!
First off you need to define what a slight offense is, second putting someone in solitary confinement is not torture. You want torture, look no further than North Korea. And only 8% of prisons today are privately owned which means only 8% of prisons make a profit. The other 92% uses taxpayer dollars to operate and they don’t make a profit.
If you watch these from your watch history, (so like a normal video and not a short), it’ll just end with him saying “and remember.”
We can partly thank Biden and Kamala for this.
The USA is a bunch of companies trying to be a country
Priosioners in Brazil: yall are getting paid?
what parkour is this?
Denmark,Norway and Sweden I think pretty much have the same prison systems
yes. o7 comrade
They get payed 0.12 they should sue for not getting payed minimum wage
Denmark prison is better? So commit crime in Denmark? Got it!
I love how the title is just “ prison sucks” 😂
I wish the music lined up too
People really believe this clown smh
13% 50%
Blood in blood out
Yeah theres alot in prisons cuz theres alot of criminals and the prisons have alot in them because the justice system actually does their job and puts people in prison
Tbh I hate when people hate on America for tons of things that aren't true like the food or police but i do believe now days America is worse that other countries like in the UK the school is wayyy better I believe.
From what I can see, all three superpowers kind of suck domestically in a lot of ways
Isn't that the point? If prison was luxury, everybody'd be committing crimes
Idk man Serial killers shouldnt get to be too happy They've taken a life before so they need to get a punishment
Do one about the Australian prison system
Just don't get in trouble with the law, ez
What income? I mean, prisoners committed a crime, therefore they are being punished, they not supposed to earn anything no?
Prisoners are not slaves at all. Prisoners are kept because of their crimes. Slaves however are kept their against their will and have no say in the matter, but prisoners can get parole
Why should people who commit crimes be able to earn money in prison?
Bring back the death penalty, prisons become more open because the worst are being dealt with
Crimes actually gone up a lot
Eastern Europe is developed world too and Prisons in USA are much better than prisons there
I dont live in the us i live at a more natural place Africa
These "privet prisons" still exist and it keeps going for so long and there is even a song that talks about this called "prison song"
It’s as easy as don’t do anything wrong.
China skips the prison part and just kills mfs they don’t like
In China, bullets are cheap and there's plenty of room for mass Graves. Hence, less prisoners.
Yes, the U.S. prison system sucks in fact, I believe each prison 8s self sustaining and cut off from the rest 9f the society where inmates have to work for Their lively hood, like that prison in Texas, prisoners engage in agriculture and economy to provide their lively hood this preparing the for society in which they must work with others to succeed.
Reminds me of when Jesus compared the Pharisees to a white washed tomb. I feel like America can be a white washed tomb at times, it looks good on the outside but it’s *DIRTY* in the inside. Also didn’t the government allow drugs to enter the border too? Idk if that’s what he was talking about in the video, but that’s so stupid.
Thank you for looping and making it make sense ☺️  Much love and best wishes 💖
Madagascar prison: hold my gates
Lmao u don't need to explain my guy, that's just common knowledge.
Prison isn’t supposed to be good 😅
You should take a look at China's they straight up starve you.
I’m confused on if it’s the end of the parkour or the beginning
crime rates are actually rising every day in the us.
I highly doubt China is telling us how many people they have incarcerated.
Doesn't help that they give people years on years in prison for the smallest offenses
I am from Denmark so when i saw your own comment i was dissapointed☹️
I live in Denmark
I mean you're not wrong but china and Russia aren't going to report their political prisoners in the stats
You just don't know about Bulgarian prison system
The part about china's prisons not  being worse is just a lie sorry. Look up Uyghur internment camps china there are currently over three million Chinese Muslims working as slave laborers for the Chinese government in internment camps.
Prisoners should be treated much much worse. If you've gotten yourself in prison, yoy have no rights.
I don't see why instead of solitary confinement put them building roads for a day as punishment.
China doesn’t accurately track though, like if you count all the people illegally imprisoned like the uyghur’s in “re-education camps”
As a former correctional officer, he is absolutely correct 😥
Well, I when slavery was abolished, it was still made clear if you broke a US law while in the US then you lose your rights as a citizen, and are a slave to the prison.
Being a quiet kid, I can confirm this and according to my experience, Sweden has the best prisons.
I like how you say "United States" instead of America I hate when they call it America when America is a continent and not a country
Can he be my teacher?
System if a down said the same thing durring the war in drugs
$0.12 per hour, free housing, food, and medical, and in some cases education, and they accept your criminal history? Sounds like slavery to me. Also going to prison makes you lose your rights? Thats like totally a punishment or something! 🥺
the us is really just fucked up imagine stealing something and having to die this comment was made by the european squad
Americans are so spoiled the prison system is one of the best in the world take a look at France
Yea it’s supposed to be bad idk why people keep complaining about this shit it’s prison they committed a crime and they shouldn’t be treated well so they don’t want to go back to prison
I'm a correctional officer and I can say the prisons are shit but, prison ain't supposed to be Disney world
Yes china definetealy has less prisoners.... Those millions of uyghur muslims are just in.... Re-education camps... Yeah...
Isn’t the point of prisons to deter people from committing crimes?  There are limits, obviously, but prisons can’t be cushy places to be or they would have no purpose.
This dude went from silly paradoxes Over Minecraft parkour to straight up politics
many scadinavian countries' prison systems are better by all metrics especially when you consider their drastically low reoffending rates
Is zero a number
I think this is from a video 😐😐😐
The true crime is the half opened iron doors.
Prison need to sucks
Actually nowadays it's not the prison system it's the justice system. Prisoners get of usually with just paroll and jail time is extremely minor. This just ensures that they get back on the streets to shoot more people. For example in 2021 there have been 1899 people shot and 343 homicides.
Kkkk
Well North Korea is like the absolute worst but they might not count as the developed world
What editor do you use for your videos? Also nice video ☺️
Jolyne is punching the air rn
If people actually think the American prisons are the worst they clearly don’t know anything about international prisons. Philippines for example, sleep on dirt ground and only get one meal a day.
I need to know what song is it that you used
Death to America
Moral of the story :if you want to commit crime go to Denmark
Me living in the US I can confirm that only certain areas has more crime rates than others so it really depends on where you live
Yeah I am sure Chinas numbers are real and they dont throw muslims im concentration camps...
not as bad as france
I hope the people in America who can change this but don't are watching this and feel a little shame for themselves
In America you go to jail if you call someone a toaster witch "violates" their rights , in I think italy if you steal  a bit of food because you're hungry it's not a crime and I kinda think that's fair
The USA is practically the worst at everything that matters I’m Fr contemplating moving to Europe or even South Africa
"gives 81163822633 total existential crisis"  parkor
"Nearly two milion americans are incarcarated in a prison system of the US"  Me, an intelectual:  THEY WANT TO BUILD A PRISON THEY WANT TO BUILD A PRISON THEY WANT TO BUILD A PRISON  FOR YOU AND ME TO LIVE IN  ANOTHER PRISON SYSTEM  ANOTHER PRISON SYSTEM ANOTHER PRISON SYSTEM  FOR YOU AND MAAEEEE
Man really just said the us “considers” China  a more authoritarian government does he not understand that the ccp routinely lies about poverty and incarceration rates in order for them to save face and look better with in the eyes of the public and in the outside world
I love the title tho Prison sucks
Prisons in scandinavian countries be like: come visit us for a short and happy break where you get consoles, pcs, good food and much more. They reward people for being bad xD
People gave prison a new name, legalized slavery
I expected "that's why" at the end
I'm not going to America, ever
Knowing what China doesn't let its people do, it is most definitely authoritarian.
He just explained Prison song by System of a Down
What’s the music In the background
I mean ask the people who got arrested, they decided to throw their rights away for some stupid ass reason and get arrested. But no shit Denmark is better bruh. CRIME RATES ARE GOIN UP with all the police quitting and all this political crap going on.
Can we just talk about HOW THIS GUY IS SO GOOD AT PARKOUR I MEAN, I LITERALLY SUCK AT PARKOUR HE IS A GOD
I worked as a prison guard in Kentucky, single mother, so my scruples didn’t get in the way of feeding my kid. The prison system in America is a business, not a building block of society. Y’all we failing America!
“US prison system is the worst” US education system: allow me to introduce myself
privatization of certain industries are just dumb
Yeah, it would go to show that a country that has way more opportunities for people to witness horrible things as a child would lead to more people being incarcerated.
Soooo we can climb ladders not put up against walls in MC now?
Well yeah in china they just kill you and your family. No prison needed.
Lol ok China’s isn’t better they just kill people instead of imprison them
Norway doesn't have the 13% America does
Don't compare the mount incarcerated to China, because they fudge their numbers so fucking hard and are still using concentration camps to this very day
It's almost like, that's the point. Do not break the law and you have little to fear.
Wow, you haven looked a prison in Venezuela when there's no law and a "Pran", a sicario controls everything and prisioners basically are wild animals without rules or authority supervision.  Or other low culture countries, there's a lot of documentaries, I recommend you to investigate. At least in a US prison you get shit food, but you get it.  Inmates in Latam prisons are put in a hostile territory when they can die any day, any second.
Tbh Im not surprised that US prisons are bad
Just watching the parkour
I didn't understand what you're saying but I really enjoyed it 😁
STOP USING THE SAME SONG PLEASE I CANT WATCH YOUR VIDEOS IS SO FUCKING ANNOYING
Is this a short explanation of schools
This guy doesn’t realize China hides EVERYTHING
Me reads title: yeah ofc it sucks man what did you expect
I like how hes talking bullshit and stilk almost 100k people like it🤠
I live in Denmark
When it comes to China, you can’t exactly put dead peeps in jail Y’know?
PRIVATISE
I wonder, do the metrics include the Uyger prison camps in China?
Why tf is the doors half open?
I can't take shit seriously if there's Minecraft footage in the background lol, imagine if news were like that (utopia)
Alternative Title : School sucks
The reason why China has less prisoners is because they execute most people
Me: i live in Colorado bud, you don’t have to tell me because some people always think my dad is a criminal, no he’s a firefighter, Bruh i live in the state that is always like: “you can send us more prisoners”
Yeah that's what happens when your entire legal system is shit though. It doesnt work
Denmark yes sirs my home
No one: GabeSweats: Harry Potter is actually gay, let me explain.
He’s really smart for putting Minecraft gameplay. Big audience would get stuck watching just for that and not care what he’s talking about
I'm from denmark
More than the jail system is messed up in America 😂
This is my new teacher
Honestly I feel like we have an underincarcerstion problem. Crime is going up, but not the number of people in prison.
I like the way he speaks about prison in the prison Parkour map ❤️❤️
The number of people incarcerated is due to the 1994 law often referred to as Biden’s law (he made it)   It’s basically a law that targets black people and took the number of people incarcerated from 500k to 2.5 million in just 1 year, and it’s been around 2.5 million ever since.
Worst in the dEvELoPeD world
What does the United States have more of than China though?
God I could write a 5 page essay on incarceration in the US.
Slaves? People that are free are slaves just with a paycheck. People in jail/prison  lost there rights. There are lucky to get paid. We need to bring back trade schools in the jail system. so people can a shot at bettering there life’s. After getting out.
True true
“Crime rates are going down” Bruh have you even seen our major cities right now?Chicago, New York, LA, it’s getting worse
Yess authoritarian where they treat their prisoners less humanely, can torture them just cuz they want to and be imprisoned due to their religious/ethnic identities etc…
me reading the thumbnail- yes
Based gabesweats?
prison only exists based on laws the people of the us create and vote on “for the people, by the people.”
The US: Land of the Free  Also US: Has the most incarcerated people on Earth.
Me waiting for him to say “and remember”: 👁👄👁
As someone who has spent the past year delving into political philosophy and theory, seeing you make this videos compressing such dense and important topics into short, easily digestible videos is so important and so commendable. Thank you for these, keep up the good work 👍
Yaaay i am danish
In China there is a 99% conviction rate, so yes they are more authoritarian.
To be fair about the chinese, living in the country is prison lol, but more seriously is the statistics on china including the "relocation" camps
I just want to know if the parkour you're playing is a server or a map
People imprisoned before 2016 might not know what tiktok or fortnite is. They might not even know about covid
Fun fact: China's reported numbers for incarcerated people are only a fraction of the actual rates. Take the active imprisonment and genocide going on right now in China against millions of Uighur Muslims
Yes please explain Denmarks prison system
If you want to learn more Adam ruins everything has an amazing episode on this
"An eye for an eye, sir," "Do you really believe in an eye for and eye?" "..."
The only reason china has less than the us is because they probably don't document half of them. If you take a person away for not being supportive of the government. You don't want to announce it to the people
Doesn’t North Korea have the worst prison system
I mean you are right but, when someone does a crime I'm just going to say one of the most horrible offenses, murder, prison is there to dehumanize the offender to make the offender feal remorseful to a point if he does good he might be let out early if not that's what solitary confinement is for all and all it's a phawcked up side of humanity but most of the time it works
The thing is their are no prisons in China there are just this places they call fenced schools or re education camps.
Why criticize a place you never plan to visit? Be happy that the system keeps you and your family safe from mass murderers.
Yeah true i commit warcrimes in yugoslavia and got in jail, it really sucks 😠
"Both by population and per capita."  Those are the same thing.
And yet the prison system is still better then schools
I personally like the US prison system. They dont deserve to be paid tho, they should be literal slaves
Is no one talking about the cursed doors
my dad was in prison
I mean you're not wrong they claim to rehabilitate you but then when you get out with 1000s of dollars in fines and no job and they tell you have it payed by next year and if you don't have them payed then they charge you for unpaid fines and arrest you again making the fines higher and higher even if you get a job trying to turn your life around and it becomes and endless loop like this video.
“Prison sucks” no shit lmao 💀😭
You're right the us prison system is bad but it's not fair to compare it to china because people don't get locked up there they just mysteriously disappear
wbk that our justice system was corrupt lol
Well yeah, prison is supposed to be about rehabilitation. Not blatant fucking torture
The whole idea behind prison was to make it so miserable that people would have an incentive not to break the law or get caught if they did. The same concept applies to hell but theres no parole once your there...
I didn't think prison was supposed to be fun
“Prison song” by System of a Down. Sums this up pretty well.
Chinas prison statistics are biased as they try not to consider the people who DIDNT commit a felony, rather in the prison for other reasons, as not a prisoner.
You can move
Stop. Do more research.
This isn't like your normal content but I agree with this completely
Yeah and it's unconstitutional since the punishment is usually cruel and unusual, ourweighing the crime. Idk how they get away with it tbh
This and the war on drugs are also both discriminatory against black people
What if we were just ghosts and the world we see is just what the ghost wanted the world to look like. Idea for a video
once you turn prisons/jails into a lucrative business everything else just goes to shit
Meanwhile Russians: *laughs in gulag*
I'd still rather served 10 years in the United States prison then be in China and go off to a concentration camp to where I'll never see my family and probably die within like 6 months
That's because china doesn't arrest they kill
Well thats great they are criminals after all im happy with that its not like we want to make prisons literal hotels for people so yeah. I like it. Keep it that way or even better. Make  them worse
based???
So glad I’m Canadian
The reason their so bad is cause your rights end where another’s begin. You rape, murder, or assault someone and you give up your right to freedom and or life. If it was me I wouldn’t pay someone in prison for murder or assault
its supposed to prevent you from doing more crimes since its so awful
Gabe: *casually doing parkour for video* Also Gave: *Stops to see what happened to the doors in the course*
I can confirm this from personal experience
wait the perfect loop doesnt exi-
"Working there is slavery" this is stupid because in many other countries you work every day for 12 hours or more for no pay. Prison is punishment you should not be getting any money. I know many people in my family who worked to death because of stalins gulags.
You dont have to explain, us Americans already know it's mind bloggingly messed up
Well I mean, in China you are basically guilty until you are proven innocence
that part
It isnt supposed to be good..  If they break thw law they deserve to be behind bars
US: someone walking to slow   *jail* China: someone wants basic human rights   *firing squad*
Guys! Of you wanna really read about how fuck the US prison system is real Bryan Stevenson just mercy novel, he has worked as a non profit lawyer In the worst states imaginable he covers minority, women and the mental disabled in the justice system it is such a harsh truth into American prisons and 1000% worth the read.
So just commit crimes in Denmark
Yea we have more prisoners than China cause they just murder people lmao
Yep this is so true
That's what happens when prisons become for-profit, complete bs
Ima tell u what actual people think who dont live on the internet. 1. War on drugs is fucking dumb, get all people out with non violent drug offenses. Especially those about marijuana. 2. Prison is NOT rehabilitation, its punishment. If I had a daughter and she got raped, murdered, or stolen from because someone wanted to take advantage, i dont want them in society. I want them punished.
The reason China has less incarceration is because they have more concentration camps than the US
They commit crimes they’re lucky they’re even getting paid
First time i see this dude talk about something which isn't a paradox and it's based as shit 😤
Ok hold on I missed everything you said but HOW DO YOU GET THE DOORS LADDERS LIKE THAT?
That’s the point. The prisioners deserve it.
it’s not, lemme explain,, we have more people in prison because we actually have good enough police (per population) to actually catch criminals and enforce laws and more prison guards making prison safER,, we actually have better prisons because the better the prison the more prisoners the gov sends and the more money the priv company makes,, and solitary confinement just means you get your own cell so your around little people for long hours, so it’s not perfect but i still think it’s better than other countries,,, feel free to debate if i’m wrong
Yeah its a shame. Do much wasted time and money. But thats what happens when you dont bother fixing a bad system. Also doesn't help that so many people aren't raised correctly.
My man really said prisoners are slaves, then immediately stated the wages of prisoners. In case you don’t know prisoners are paid, slaves are not.
China has less people in jail because they just execute criminals
Prisoners: yes
Its cause your government has no chill
China has a lesser prison population because they execute without trial.
The top 5 cities In the US with crime are all democrat run and majority non white.  Taking Chicago and detiit out would almost Half the tally
This video is bait and a lie. Also very very disingenuous to compare China, a country that has concentration camps and organ harvesting facilties, to the US which treats prisoners how they should be treated
Idk whats so wrong seems perfectly fine to me. Atleast it's not like china where u would ither go to a re-education camp, get cut up for ur organs or body parts (profit), or becoming a slave on some factory.
Im from Denmark and yeah the prisons here are like hotels but not really, you get some decent food you can even play on consoles and watch tv and stuff and well, prisons here are more just to keep you away from others than torturing you
Me: welp if im broke and no job to go i guess prison i go  This dud: prison are suck... In "US"  Oh okay still fine
Also we've taken on the "innocent until proven guilty" and flipped it around to "guilty until proven innocent" especially for major crimes like r@pe and murder
You don't have to bother. People would still refer to gulags and Stalin lol
This makes me sad angry
That just because China just kills them
Why tf does prisioners have a wage to begin with? Doing wrong to society and still getting paid, even if its not much, for it?
Ngl i didnt know this im happy i live in Denmark
They shouldn't be paid for their work. They can't function normally in society then they can work for free and sleep in a cell. Grow up and respect the fact that their are rules.
you'd get a $250,000 fine for pirating in the us, that's more than what you'd get for sexual assault
Actually worse than the Gulag system
This comments section is braindead, you should check out some other foreign prisons you'll have a great time. I agree US sentencing sucks tough. (PS minor crimes don't have prison sentences, and you can't get arrested for walking too slow)
cus we lock everyone up for anything
Japanese prison system: *sweats nervously*
Im from denmark soo :)
I’d rather be alive in an American prison than dead under a Chinese concentration camp
Officially incarcerated *
Wait prisoners get paid?
Its almost as bad as the education system
Some ppl gave been in solitary confinement for years
Government was created to generate revenue not to better anything, return to barter society
I’m not denying that the US prison system is quite shit, but how do we know for sure that China isn’t lying about their incarceration count?
China doesn’t really arrest, you just never hear from the felons again
Minimum wage is $0.12 per hour......This is more than what my parents give me in allowances.
China brainwashes their people to follow the law or else so of course they have a lower rate of incarcerations Also they are probably lying about that data anyways
This man has to be the best Minecraft parkourist on the planet by now
Thats what happens when you let people like biden make laws in the 90s
Uses a minecraft video as a framing device  This guy can vote
No need to explain
You know the video is a banger when it doesn't loop like the other vids
Prison should be exclusive to offenders of violent crimes, being used more as a facility for reformation.  Non violent crimes should be punished via other means. For instance, drug addiction should be handled by rehabilitation and preferably vocational and life-skill training.
THAT DOOR AAAAAAAAAAAA
Everyone talking about the prison systems and whatnot.  Me:     *THAT LOOP WAS GODLY.*
So does school
Great comparison! A country with only 8 million people and the USA.
Wow definitely didn’t know that as people will get 5 years in jail for weed
They broke the law and gave up rights ,so it's kinda there fault if u think about it lol.
I would agree that Denmark's prison is better. But keep in mind that the US having the worst prison stat you gave, or that they have "the most prisoners per capita", the reason we have more prisoners than places like North Korea, China, and Russia is because those places don't always take prisoners
You sound like sans- if you know you know
This should just remind people, don’t do stupid shit
It's not about retaliation or punishing someone but to re-socialize the people
Its almost as if China just kills people instead of incarcerating them 🤦‍♂️
Yeah, ik
What makes you think China would give out their prison and  concentration camp statistics?
I guess why there is so much Yanqui Media about Prison breaks and Escaping prison.
my friends father was put in jail for 4 years for being falsely accused of drunk driving he was not white btw
“The US has the largest prison population in the world” and proceeds to parkour in a prison theme map
Crime rates have not been going down in the US… how can you believe that
believe me it's not the worst
“Considers China more authoritarian” why does that make it a shock that the US has a higher % of people in prison? By being more authoritarian it literally means the Chinese people have more respect for people in positions of power above them e.g the police and the laws that they are trying to uphold.
Bruh who said prison was supposed to be fun?
How about you don’t commit a crime and end up in the system 🤭
My step dad works at a prison they are over flowing and have little to no staff because state sucks and cannot get anything done right at the one he works at
America, home of capitalism!
Dont be dumb and u will be all good
Legit did not know this at all ngl
Ay im from denmark
You’re 100 percent right man
It doesn’t help people get back on their feet at all, it’s so sad man
Vp kamala harris is a perfect example of how corrupt politicians exploit prisons
The europeans are sure gonna love this
Still better than north Korea and Russia
North Korea and the prison camps be like😰
By most common anything, the entire us is the worst
It's made to suck
Easy fix, don’t break the law.
I aam from denmark
Funny how he said metrics when US used imperial unlike the REST of the world 🤭🤫
Prison should be shit if you ask me, not talking about how and why you end up there, but when you do it shold be shit
No shiz, thats the point
Cap
Man it's almost as if China just kills the people instead of sending them to prison KEK
what is this server you play on called
Norway's where it's at for prison. They got the most humane prisons in the world. The lesson is if you plan to go to prison do it in Norway.
The US has always been super bad about this kind of stuff for whatever reason. you have to pay for school, jail system sucks, school systems sucks, minorities such as people of color, women, lgbt+ get murdered every day, court system stinks.
Im afraid of American prisons
He just casually copied System of a down :D
Idk when this was made but crime rates are definitely going up
Out of all the videos, this one video shows actual emotion shown in the minecraft background
Well if you're running out of time on the shorts... Make a video... Uh... Ddduuuhhh
Well I mean China tends to have a tendency to "disappear" people, and who's to say they are completely honest about how many people they take in, they literally have concentration camps there! I'm gonna go ahead and say it's much worse there than the US.
U.S system sucks but to be fair some countries make some awful things legal that would rightfully get you locked up in the US like pedophilia and a lot more. At the end of the day I'd rather live here.
The US sucks period
It’s pretty simple. Just don’t go to jail. It’s not difficult to follow the law
I think we can all agree that prison sucks
"prison sucks" then dont do crime?
Yo this guy lives on page two of google
There's a big difference between slaves and US inmates
Fun fact: prison isn’t supposed to be fun
So I live in syria so did you know the average worker in syria gets around 10 cent per hour some time less 😂remember we are talking about  a normal person who studies propply have a college degree sooo if American prison have slave in it what about us 😂😂😂 the funny bart is that we know we are slave it's just cant do any u see even if I wanted to travel it will take more that 5 or 7 years to make the money cuse the Visa and the airline set  have the same cost or similar cost so u see like take an example I make at year 510 dollars which is 1million 800 thousand syrian pund and now a days the Visa cost not to Europe or to America to Arab world like to UAE it cost over 5000 dollars and this is if u get accepted because  you now now adays if you are syrian you are ISIS... so...yeah this like around 11to 12 years of work just so I can travel by myself now you imagine which is the true thing that iam Married and I have a kid so..I need over 22years of work so basically we are prisoners in our own country and the government takes every thing how lovley and sometime it's funny to know the teacher at USA get per year around 52 thousand dollars which  I need around 101 years to make. lol🙂
Wait til this dude hears about the Middle East
Despite representing 15%…
Somehow America is awful at everything yet still has the most patriotic people
Cool i am from Denmark ❤️🍺
I agree, solitary confinement must be horrible, currently got covid and am locked up in my house with a family and plenty of means to occupy and communicate but that must just be horrible.
You mean in the US prison is a punishment? Who would've thought?!?!
Bruh norway’s prison system is not better.  A man that shot 40ish kids in norway got a tv, couch, and so much other shit he doesn’t deserve.  Our prison system is not the issue, it’s the incarceration part.  There are several ways to be in jail without deserving it, but those that deserve it should get the worst of the worst.  ie murderers, rapists, burgarlers, etc. Not marijuana or petty theft
Prison is supposed to suck. It’s not meant to be enjoyable. Although I do agree with reforms in sentencing and rehabilitation to attempt to make it less lucrative for the person who owns the prison, and the people in the system who almost inevitable end up back in it.
what server?
As a person from Danmark I agree that our prison system is way better than the usa’s
This is one of the many reasons I hate America
Gerrymandering.
the US doesn’t “consider” China to be more authoritarian dude. they know and most people also recognize that it is.
I'm from Denmark, so I got happy until i saw the top comment
First off that’s a problem with the justice system not the prison system second off China will not release full numbers when they literally have one million uyghurs in concentration camps
YEAAAA TALK ABOUT IT im so glad i heard this 2day
Netherlands buys prisoners bc the people are so nice they can't fill prisins
Easy solution to this dont commit crimes and u wont go to prison👍 hope this helps everyone that dont know how to stay out of prison
Crime rate has been terrible
Us: "We are the freest country in the world" Also Us: *highest incarceration rate*
It's prison.... They gave up their rights when they started breaking the law. Sure it sucks for those who commuted non violent crimes, but they're still crims nonetheless. You'll have to forgive me if I don't have sympathy with idiotic law breakers.
"We call China more authoritarian but have a higher prison population"   China: Kills Muslims/Peaceful Religious Groups by harvesting their organs after imprisoning them under the pretense of "socialization"  Yea our system is still garbage, but Chinas is much worse. It's not even close.
Norways prison system it top line
This channel is the only thing that makes me think
This channel is the only thing that makes me think
1/8 has been in or is going to be  in   prison for over a year.
With getting more freedoms come more crime and jail time
*Kisses Denmark’s incarnation system
Just don't do anything illegal
sponsored by the us government
Haha America bad look at good Nordic country. Don’t care still the best country on this planet.
-937 41 -3482
Ohhh no, poor criminals, maybe stop commiting crimes?
No,not just the prison system, the USA sucks
Thanks for using your platform to discuss this
Just because some prisons are run by private corporations does not mean that people who commit minor offenses are more likely to be put in prison. The judge or the jury who is responsible for sentencing the person has no connection to the private corporation running the prison.
The crime bill that incarcerated most of the people in those prison was made and put forth by Joe Biden. All facts no cap
I’m an American 13 year old and this is 100% accurate
Well they also dont execute people on deathrow for years meaning 100,000 of dollars are wasted on tha on guy a year. Adding up to thr amount of people in life and deathrow, thats millions of dollars. Japan execute you with in weeks and dont even tell you when your being executed.
Is it just me or does this dude make me question my existence
hey, check out “The New Jim Crow” for more information on the War on Drugs and Mass Incarceration.
Nhaaaaaaa i would be thankfull to be in that prision system. Here in Brasil prison almost don't exist, search for Lázaro, a famous serial killer on the today's brazilian news.
Thanks ronald reagan!
Denmark is almost entirely white.  Denmarks system wouldn’t work here because we have gangs based on race and they would never get along unless we literally segregate prisons.
Half the judges in the us are corrupt anyways
prison is not a holiday camp
i meant norway, not denmark!  here's part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER0awfltBRM
I would like to suggest that authoritarian countries like China tend to just kill people instead of incarcerate them. That explains why they have fewer prisoners than the U.S.
Love your videos <3
Title: *prison sucks*  No way sherlock.
Crime rates haven’t been going down though. They were about a year ago, however, last summer when the riots broke out all across the country politicians put a bail fund out for those who burned and looted. And many police were ordered not to intervene. Do to this mindset many people across the country now feel like they can commit crimes with no consequences.
fr
I never learn this in school.. no one told me how prison works.. it's pretty useful in my future..
thats what criminals deserve! shouldn’t have broke the law.
Im danish, and im glad u Think our prison system is cool.
I love Gabe just slowly teaching all the folks, addicted to his shorts, leftist topics  Keep it up!
Dannish prison system is where the baby rapist and murderer is locked up for 15 years in a luxury cell
Ja taaak Danmark vi har gode fængsler wuhuuuuu
"They are also slaves, their minimum wage is 12 cents/hr" It's prison. Theyre lucky that they're getting any money whatsoever. They have to work to pay for their crimes and the resources the prison lets them use.
well idk but like maybe you shouldn’t commit crimes
Well you see, the only reason China has low incarceration rates is because they don’t take prisoners. They execute them.
Gabe abt to go on his socialist arch 😂
So the U.S. prison system is the worst in the world…
Song?
Based af.
China is more authoritarian because they don't put you to prison, they simply kill you.
At least the us doesn't execute them like china an india and africa and Russia. Granted if we did we probably would have less repeat offenders.
If you don’t wanna spend time in prison, don’t be a moron and don’t break the law.  Simple as that.
“More than China” actually China has about 12+ million Uyghurs in concentration camps so…
Prison is supposed to be a rehabilitation system. But instead you go there and your life is ruined, you spend years of your life unable to do anything meaningful, which is in my opinion, (I've never needed rehabilitation for anything but my brother was an addict, he pushed through, through rehabilitation and is 2/3 years sober) necessary for rehabilitation, if your in person you gave a criminal record, you can't go to most well paying jobs, at that you will probably fail to get into colleges I'd you try. You'll struggle to get past poverty level, which leaves you in a position where your best option, may be criminal once again. No rehabilitation, literally as said in video, torture, slavery. Some countries have it much better than others, but I don't think anywhere, even in Europe, coming from a European, is up to a high enough standard. But the lowest standard is America, everybody knows that.
In China you just get executed on spot no need for prison.
If you break the law in the US, there is a much higher chance you get caught. Thats why crime is low and incarcerations are high. You are implying innocent people are being sent to prison. This is a standard case of confirmation bias. Youre smart kid but youre wrong.
Now look up how many crime investigations go unsolved in other countries compared to the united states and understand that we are really good at catching bad guys.
It make sense why karens want ppl In jail bc they did or say something wrong so basically karen already know abt the law of prison
this is why i love denmark 🇩🇰
Did you really just say crime rates are going down????🤣🤣🤣
Hey, I wanna ask if you can make a video about the laplace demon? (Sorry if I wrote it wrong)
Prisoners get paid? Besides that yeah the Prison System is quite retarded.
i am happy to be a dane
Im from Danmark
0:19 to be fair, I wouldn’t put it past China to lie about incarceration rates
Larry lawton has many good videos about this.
Lets gooo Denmark🇩🇰
Me: usually listens to the explanation then watches it again to watch the parkour  Also me: here’s distracted by the half doors and glass panes not connecting
*door confusion*
I liv in Denmark
i’ve watched several documentaries on this in english class. another horrible thing is how many teens get incarcerated for minor offenses, which takes them away from their resources and traps them in a loop of being in and out of prison.
and that's on capitalism 😭
Wait till you hear about "black" prison sites. Torture, psychological torment, and many other things. They use you're worst fear as a means of torture. That's the intelligence agencies.
u got my subscription bro! i’ve seen your riddles a bunch and enjoyed them but this is a whole other level and i love it keep it up!
Isn’t there arrest quotas for police?
I'm just gonna say it if no one else will, the US sucks
“prison sucks” yeah no dip what do you think
This guys great
Do one about the Uk please !
I am running out of time yeah or you can make like a 5 minute video
Why should you be making money if you are confined for breaking laws
China kills their criminals and makes a public statement with them. No wonder no one commits crime.
China is also pretty bad they often lie about their numbers but I don’t disagree with the fact that the us prison system is horrible
I’m glad that your expanding out of just paradoxes and into other real world issues!
Hmmm… you’d wonder why
I love how it is on loop and it’s in perfect sync
But the Norwegian prison system tho🥵
Funny were not in Denmark. And the US is also the only country ran the way it is so prison is gonna be a lot worse in the free states. And yes one of our amendments declares prisoners slaves of the state. Prison in the US is not fun and it's not supposed to be.
chinese propaganda
Danish prisons are wayyy too luxury, to the point where it would make more sense for a criminal to commit a crime and get housing instead of being homeless in freedom
Atleast it keeps crime away
"The U.S. Has the most encarcerated people an earth" _reportedly_  China, folks. China.
Dude I'm kinda addicted to these short videos xD
Americans : DEFUND THE POLICE! 🗣🤬😡 Americans: TAKE AWAY ALL THE GUNS ( This means take guns from legal gun owners by the way. Criminals will still find guns)  Crime rate: Goes up  Americans: its trumps fault
lol the doors glitched
Incarcerations rates are higher than China’s because China’s death penalty rate is the highest in the world.
A factual video? I came here to fulfill my existential crisis quota, where is it?
US: We are the most free country on earth. There is no other country that gives its people the freedom we do. Also the US: Highest prison population per capita in the world
Haha door funny
Me being danish: *just vibing... Hears him mention denmark. Points towards screen* *"HEY!. THATS WHERE I LIVE"*
I couldn’t imagine why USA prisons are overflowing (arrests people for crossing the road at the wrong place)
True fact: 10% of Americans are either in prison or know someone who is
Slaves isn't the appropriate term. It's called "Trafficked humans".
It really is horrible and you get treated like shit even when it's a crime that's non violent like missing a payment on federal things u can be imprisoned and when you first get there you automatically go to a level 3 cell which is highest stage under solitary confinement and are in the cell for 20/21 hours a day depending if you get a hour of free time in a closed space or if u get 30 mins of outside time and 30 mins to eat each meal which really only get 5 to 10 mins to eat after standing in line and waiting and then can't take no food back with you. Shit fucks you up and you don't leave level 3 confinement until u go to court and get your sentencing then they decide where you go and that can take months or years one girl I met has been in level 3 for over 6 years still going thru her court stuff so it's no joke and if someone bleeds and shit the officers make u clean that shit up even though you aren't suppose to but they don't care u must keep it clean in there or u get in trouble the shit I could tell u that happens in delawares prisons in the USA it's horrible and worse in other states.
Bruh, at least the US doesn't treat inmates like human beings. They get what they deserve.
Did you play 1.13+ map on 1.12?  The doors and glass breaks like this
Scandinavian prisons are like hotels, they have internet, good food, books, board games and they focus on rehabilitation and getting the person back into society instead of punishment. That is why US prisons are so bad and Denmark's for example are so good
Ayyyy im from denmark and yes we Got it together here in denmark
The goal of prison is to rehabilitate. Our prison systems offer nothing in the form of rehabilitation, resources for addicts, trauma victims, PTSD sufferers or therapy. There is none of this for prisoners in America.  Everyone sees all criminals in the same vein as rapists and murderers and forget most incarcerated citizens are in for minor drug charges. These people aren’t meant to be enslaved to work for the rest of their lives, or even for decades. The goal is supposed to be rehabilitation so they can get back to their lives.  Until we stop profiting off of the prison system we will keep putting people in there unlawfully and keeping them there unlawfully as slaves to our capital. Prisoners should NOT be treated as slaves, and until people are aware and wake up about the issue it will remain unchanged.
As a dane i agree, the us prison system sucks
Prison abolition let's go
I come from Denmark and I would like to hear why Denmarks prison is good.  PS i dont now anything About prison.
I know, its fucking cruel
Danmark!!!❤🇩🇰
That's a lie us  time rates have actual been going up drastically
China has no prison they just shoot you and dump you in the sea
Lol, this man would die if he saw prisons and prisoners, in india!!!
Part 2!!
I'm danish and i can't wait for the next video . Can you please tag me?
Oh yes cant wait for you to explain my countries prison system
You can’t kill anyone without being arrested, and that makes me mad
"...I would love to explain why but I'm running out of time" What, is the OP dying? Are they limited to less than a minute to make a video? Is someone after them?
Yay i live in denmark
I'm late to this short so I can't make a joke about you staring at the doors because they're all taken
I knew this cause of prison song
🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰 Yayyy Denmark!
The true crime are those iron doors
Prison sucks so much so you can despite to such a degree as to not commit a crime that would allow them to incarcerate you. For sure some sentencing is too much given certain crimes, but for the most part that's kind of the fucking point of prison. Also the other 93% of the U.S who abides by the law and treats people with respect can have their freedom
also when you see the demographics of prisoners and given the fact that under the constitution they are considered slaves,  doesn’t it almost seem a bit like modern slavery?  Also ties in with the whole war on drugs thing and how that affects certain groups of people
BASED
There's literally no way it's the worst. You people are so fortunate to be living here and all you do is look for reasons to complain about it . Pisons get more money for having more prisoners? Yeah cus it costs more to have more prisoners. Besides, it's not like the people who would benifit from prison funding are the ones who are also out making arrests. Prisoners are slaves? No, they're prisoners. If you're a prisoner it means that you've traded your freedom for crime. Yeah false imprisonment happens, but we do the best we can. It's far better than being shot in the head without due process like some other countries. Open your eyes and use your brains people. Be thankful for what you have.
Eyo, I'm from Denmark
Go Danemark
Crime rates going down, as opposed to how you frame it, is likely due to higher incarceration rates. (More criminals locked up)
If you ask me this explanation doesn't really do this topic justice. It's pretty vague and doesn't pay attention to details and instead is framed in a way to make it seem worse than it is. This is not a very well constructed explanation due to the time constraint.
Yes our prison system is bad but the prisons themselves are nice af also China and India utilize capital punishment much more than the US does so you’re not really comparing apples to apples
You have just earned a sub
"..the us pri-" Me:I'm Canadian so ima just go
Me focusing on what hes saying: Him: "Denmark" Me: huh
I am Danish so now I know that my country prison system is good 👍
Watch Larry Lawton if u want to learn about the prison system
Well when people get arrested for walking some kind of way, of course the prisons are gonna overflow
Im personally a dane, so please dont fuck it up Like alot of other forgieners do when talking about Denmark
Doesn't help  some prisons bitched about not having enough inmates so they were gonna close the prison. Isn't less inmates good?
After denmark can you do Switzerland next please
I’m trying to listen but confused just as much as they are about the doors-
u did something bad, you deserve to be there lol
there is one prison on philipines instead of riot they dance
Chinas prison isnt full because if you commit a crime over there you are used as spare parts for people who need transplants, their rules are more harsh and human rights go out the door, so pick one Americans
Good video, but what music did you use? please respond i’m going nuts not being able to find it. It sounds so goooood!!
I was watching the doors the whole time
the reason there’s lower crime rates in china is because they fear of getting killed over the smallest of crimes
Right when Mrbeast spent 50 hours in a prison
Ayy i did a school project on this.
do you meant SCHOOL?
You aren’t there to have a good time. U.S. prisons are nicer than they should be
Denmark prisons: like normal life, but with less people.
America: The worst best country
Lets go denmark
Tbf China just kills people it doesn't like, but yeah the us prison system is ass
Everything in the us is the worst
Oh ye makes sense denmarks prison system is the best its also the most peacefull country in the world
...... X
its like yk what im currently learning in school
What sever is this on?
Anybody else felt like being dead when he stopped at the doors or was it just me?
It. Really doesn't. Like. North Korea,  China, Russia. All worse. Not defending the private prison complex but
Totally off-topic, but you know that you can install a resource pack if you want to play with 1.14+ textures, right? Because a lot of blocks seem bugged, it looks like it's because the server is on 1.8 or smth.
I agree it sucks but the reason why we have more people in jail compared to China is bc our judgement system is better
China and other countries are more lenient with the death penalty though, and maybe our police officers do a better job than most. Could honestly sit and debate all day about it, but overall our corrections system could use some improvement :)
I feel like if you do something wrong you should be punished but I do feel like the US prison system should be changed some to make the prisoners learn not to do bad things
China is more authoritarian you can get killed or thrown in jail for speaking out against their government
I haven’t been following this channel a whole lot, but what I’ve seen is a change from discussion from paradoxes to this and I gotta say… perfect. It’s a great feeling to see some based stuff out where you aren’t expecting it :)
I already hate being American, do you really have to make that worse?
Ah yes. Minecraft
Im from denmark good to know if i would do a crime
the reason the chinese prisons are so empty is because they kill criminals for almost any crime
If you wanna know more there is an adam ruins everything episode about prisons
I wanna know whats the difference between a first and third world country.
Hey can you do a cover over the butterfly effect please and i love your videos
Lol the cursed doors🤣
Btw in Denmark you have gyms and you are allowed to go out of the prison when it’s about halfway and if you don’t do any crimes while outside the prison you get a shorter time in prison
The Norwegian prisons have playstation, free warm and good healthy food, many swimming pools, normal windows instead of iron bars, beautiful lake, AND you can go fishing WHENEVER you want.     Oh and did i say that you can take a boat from that island and go to a supermarket restaurant or something else ? :)
Another big reason is that while most countries have prisons to rehabilitate and reform US prisons are more of a punishment
Don’t state governments also have a contractual obligation to keep prisons above a certain percent full?
LEt mE ExPLain
YES DENMARK IS THE BEST IM FROM DENMARK
The reason China has less prisoners is because they kill so many people they don’t want instead.   Also, from personal experience the American justice system is very corrupt, but it really depends on who the person pressing charges know or if a backdoor man has reason to want the person put away. There are a myriad of things contributing to the problems in the justice system, but it’s not completely corrupt either. I lived for 7 years in and out of a very corrupt county, but once I was able to move to a different county, I didn’t receive any unfair treatment.
yoooo Denmark gangggg
While the prison system is flawed you must take unit account like the paces you mentioned like China just flat out kill people that are criminals etc. If that weren’t the case the imprisonment rates in China would be similar to the US
What happend to the door my brain hurts-
Uh. Well ya see. That doesn't apply anymore. Like you said. And you don't go to solitary anymore for small things. It's not broken, it makes perfect sense, and the min wage is 0.12 because I don't think they want them to go to prison preparing for their next crime.
US prisoner: This place sucks  Danish prisoner: Ha, sad for you I guess
Im a prison Guard in Denmark and all The inmates are actually Nice and The system is very good as u say
A youtuber in turkey got 4 years and 2 months in prison because he did a song parody he had well over 600k subs #freeporçay
My dads one of thise people
I live in denmark
Im from denmark i live en Esbjerg 😀
Gabe stop while your ahead the government might find you this is a warning
I'm gonna pull an all nighter , then I'm gonna spy on my cats
prison is supposed to suck dude it’s not supposed to be something fun
FBI open up
So...mass executions?
I'm jus noticing the broken doors and glass panes in the vid lol
Lol, you get max 10 years for murder in Ukraine.
That was a perfect loop lol 😂
Technically if you think about we are all slaves just sit and think about for a while
Its America what do you expect?
I never learn a things from these no offense but they lead to to nowhere (in both meanings)
This is also true with the valence test to see if you are drunk while driving and if you do fail you go to jail and the way you fail is by using hands to balance, not going heel to toe, wobbling and so one so many would fail even when not drunk so just do not take it when they ask you because you don’t have to
Japan has >99% rates.
Dang bruh maybe don’t commit crimes then
Yea like in denmark its just so nice you meet nice people ect. Its beautiful and i love that i was born here and still am here even tho im not even an adult yet
And yet rioters who kill and rob people get let off the hook because they get their bail payed by their buddies. Just so they can get out and do it again.
Actually the US system is the best, whenever you consider the crime rates in other countries. Not to mention me if you don't break the law you won't get arrested, and the people that control the prison system aren't the cops arresting.
Ayo Denmark represent
I've heard the Japanese court system is pretty bad. You're guilty until proven innocent unlike in most countries where you are innocent until proven guilty.
So I  flew all over the world and gathered up all the prisons, then I flew dem up until they POPPED
This is only kinda true. Private prisons house only a small percentage of prisoners.
I need to stop watching these videos lmao...ignorance is bliss
Hahahah! Have you saw Russian prisons? 🤣
Wait, why do prisoners need wages? They're prisoners, there's a reason they're inside a prison.
Replace "prison" with "school"
all i learned from this is that the US have bad prison system, and i should commit mass genocide in denmark
Bro everything in the US is trash, that’s nothing new
You do realize that China does not have as many people in prison because they have the death penalty for a lot more and even the smallest things like a gram of weed will land you a felony charge and possibly the death penalty
Where loop?
Good, I fucking hate criminals. Robbers should get life in prison. Same goes with drug dealers
well at least we're not as bad as georgia who has 3.7 million people incarcerated
I am from danmark
"It's not incarceration if its re-education." - China
Shut up, kid.
We have the worst prison system? Can I plz remind one of the country's you mentioned (china) kills anyone with a opinion that goes against the government lmao you're a joke
It could be that minor crimes are going down but major crimes are rising but there are more minor crimes going down than major crime rising up. So overall it would look like crime is going down but incarceration is rising.
True but it's not really right to say China is better because of china's social credit system and their concentration camps
Everything is always about money
I knew that America had a very bad prison system but I did not know that it was literally the worst prison system ever??? I mean there are prisons in China were some of the inmates still have guns. And 3rd world countrys were they just kill you anyway, but damn that's crazy...
I’ve heard Denmark straight up has stores in there prisons is this true?
Everyone says rehabilitation is the way to go. Only some minor issues with that. 1. It costs a lot more money. Providing rehab for 2 million people isnt easy. 2. What do you think all the lazy fucks that are already in the US are gonna do when they hear that they can go to a fucking paradise after committing a crime? Yes, recidivism rates will go down, but the number of different people committing crimes will inevitably go up.
My scumbag dad is in the system. He tried to murder his wife twice, did a shit load of drugs, refused to take meds for his mental disorders, was emotionally abusive towards only one of his children, me, and did a lot of other shit such as harrass my uncle who was arresting him for breaking the law. (Yea, uncle police officer, father a felon.) He can stay there for all I care, not like hes gonna show up to my graduation in 4 years anyways 😒
Adam ruins everything
They specifically target black and poc, when the war on drugs was happening they targeted manly black people.
Based GabeSweats
Probably to make people not want to go back to prison
its not the prison system thats the reason why everyones going to jail, its the cultural acceptance of doing illegal shit and disobeying law enforcement because their tv tells them to. Mamy other countries would be this way if they were in such a capitalist market but good luck getting real statistics from actually comparable countries like russia. Smaller european countries can get away with low crime because criminal activity isnt culturally appropriate . They also have a vastly smaller population which is obvious
I'm danish pog
*POV* : you just watched Jimmy and his buds spending 50 hours in prison
Makes you probably not want to go to prison
It's hard to believe China numbers xD
Don’t commit crimes
China probably only includes felons in their incarcerated number. I'm almost certain they do t include "disappeared" people and political prisons as that would look bad for them. China is all about looking good.
Based
Everyone in here saying the United States has a poor jail system has not been out of the states. Germany has incredibly strict laws and penalties in comparison. Not saying we have the ideal system but its not nearly as bad as most make it out to be. At the end of the day, if youre minding your damn business and not doing illegal shit, you won't have to worry about going to jail in the United States.
It’s insane people get arresting for 29 years because of a little weed too, it doesn’t help that the prison system has systemic racism problems as well.
That is definitely true. However it does make me question. Why is it that they get people that did the smallest of a crime, but not a 2x drunk driver causing an accident? And why get the people that did the smallest of crimes untill they are at there limit, or over flowing? The U.S is strait up all over the place, especially in there legal stuff.
Imagine rewarding cops for putting innocent people in jail and or graves
This is the Modern Rome Burning
Somebody just watched 13th
Denmark is better than the US in many ways
We do not care🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽‼️‼️😈😈
Los mexicanos viendo esto estamos de que "Ay mis gringitos... ☠️🤨"
Don't let this distract you from the fact that in the UK it's illegal to handle salmon suspiciously.
US: Worst Prison Norway: Better Prison Rural Mexico: Not inhumane Britain: *laughs in Australian*
hey now I think about it, China isnt that bad lol
Kek
Alt title: Cursed prison parlour while saying a stament
Sad but TRUE
I would like everyone to look at Seattle…their sentencing are minimal and the justice system is a joke. Look at how that city is going.
We have more blacks
Looking forward to the Denmark's prison system
Yeah its true i heard denmarks prison is great and they let you get out of jail in trust you will come back no matter what u did i think
Tbh US is not the worst 12 cents is a lot in my country
Denmark’s prison system is better because in some prisons they only have to be there at a certain time. They’re allowed to leave and work jobs in the city. They are monitored, but still given large amounts of freedom, and have to return to prison at a certain curfew. Even murderers get this kind of treatment. It’s not even really a punishment. You’re basically going on vacation for killing, raping and stealing.
It’s not meant good
Almost the same with schools
YOOO YOU WERE BREADPILLED THIS WHOLE TIME OMG I LIKE UR CONTENT EVEN MORE
I love the loop you did
Yeah no this literally is not true
Title: Prison Sucks Me: No sh*t Sherlock...      Also, congratulations! You hit #30 on trending for gaming!
I dig the switch from logic questions to real world issues, it helps people become more aware, even if it’s only a little
crime rate is going the opposite of down, but you were close on that one
I’m from denmark, but i can say now that swedish prisons are better. Like. Some of ur prisons are basically vacation resorts. While sweden actually try to get you help at the same time while keeping you away from harming others, danish people are just basically having a free vacation trip, or still punished.
Fun fact people who watch these videos sometimes they only watch the parkour😁
What the heck are those iron doors doing XD
america's prison are overflowing because they arrested black person for no reason
Honestly yeah it’s all part of a big scheme to slave people away without paying them anything more than dirt
Welcome, reason 2,000, to the list of reasons on why I want to leave the US
It doesn’t even matter America is too divided to fix it and most of the people in prisons are the “worthless ones” so it won’t change
Who wants him to add all of his hot sauces together in a cup and drink it?
They forgot the reason for prisons was to rehibilitate prisoners not torture them.
Yeah judges seem to be too trigger happy, or they let murderers off with wrist slaps.
Man legit stopped doing the obby to check out the rooms and the half opened doors and that's kinda nice
no shit china has less prisoners bc they kill them or send them to tibetan work camps where their existences are covered up
Anytime I interact with a cop, I remember that they personally might not want to jail me, but their motive is to do so, because that's where profits come from
ahem, biden, ahem
Best video I've seen with this sound. Actually captivating, while spreading incredibly important information. We need to abolish and rebuilt the prison system. It should be about reforming offenders, not punishing and slaves
Go figure china has less incarcerated, they love to execute instead
India has an overwhelming amount of population so catching a criminal must be really really hard and the same with China (and also, china is china, people are selling dog meat and nobody gives a shit). The amount of criminals in USA doesn't matter because there are a million factors in that. Also yes, the system is kinda broken but at least people in prison work, and their salary is so incredibly low because part of their salary goes to the food they eat, their cells etc. Sorry for bad english
For a sec I thought you were talking about schools
Most of the justice system needs a rewrite
Thailand,china's and Russia's are the worst actually
Juro queria muito entender oque esse cara fala. So entendi uns termos e a finalidade mas não compreendi a conclusão é como ele chegou nisso sei lá alguém pode traduzir ou explicar oque ele falou?
yep… what “prison song” by soad is written about
"Us system is the worst" Me, from latam, from the places where inmates make a motin every now and then, and then chop peoples heads and start playing fucking soccer and fucking the dead peoples head afterwards. Aha
China doesn’t have black people
Sooo money...who would've thought
Most based video you’ve done yet
I am very close with someone who worked with the Oregon Department of Corrections (DOC for short) currently, DOC is studying and replicating prison systems that work well for other countries, not a huge amount of progress has been made but it’s good to know they’re trying to improve.
Sorry but comparing Denmark to the US is completely ignorant.  Denmark has a population of under 6 million… To put that into perspective, just LA county alone has a population of nearly 10 million. The US has over 330 million residents in total and is over 22000% the size of Denmark.  It’s extremely obvious that the US is going to have a more difficult task when it comes to crime and the prison system than a tiny country like Denmark. Could the US prison system be better? Absolutely. Would it be better if it used Denmark’s system? Absolutely not.
The song "world in a world" by vio-lence explains this very well. We need the system to be fixed
Denmarks prison is not a prison its a hotel im a dane myself and can confirm it our prison os fuckt up on so many other ways
Want to know a worse prison system?   Argentina’s system  you have more chances of seeing your daughter's murderer shopping at the supermarket than see him into jail
In the us it’s not prison it is a prison industrial complex
And we do very little to help shape rougher areas where extreme poverty often incentivizes crime because classism through various means keeps people away from legitimate careers while crime is made more accesible and profitable to them. Strong evidence would even suggest the government amplified this during the War On Drugs by helping drug cartels move more weight onto the street. From there, many young men are then arrested to become part of the prison industrial complex which often prioritizes profit over any form of justice, rehabilitation and sometimes even humanity, only releasing them back into a society that frowns upon criminals regardless of the context of their sentence, in many cases sending them right back to crime and creating a cycle.  Our lackluster prison system and all the equally flawed institutions surrounding it are one of the most pressing issues facing America.
Why should you get paid in prison?
Yep, you haven't heard of Venezuela's one
Yeah the us definitely has more people in prison than chins the nation that lies all the time would definitely not lie about there prison numbers
😳 what
Crime going down???? Yeah right. Since 2020 crime has Been skyrocketing. Attacks on Police has risen, homicide has risen, and robberies has risen
Well The prison system sucks The schooling system sucks The voting system sucks But the conditions are fine but people are rioting for an outcome that can never happen and destroying property of innocent people for no reason.
You’re getting me all excited coming from Denmark and all
Can you for fuck sake stop cutting your video
I feel like you are trying to downplay the torture thay happens in china by saying the us prison system is a hidden slave system in disguise. No offense but downplaying china's sadistic system to a mere system of profitable slavery is a bit of a statement there. Theyre both bad but try not to downplay the worst one
Sk ikk ckmit s crime in denmsrt
Prisoners get better meals than kids at school
I’m danish
Him: *talking*    Me: wtf is going on with that door
Yes... Because in China they just kill you instead of throwing you in jail.
It sucks but a lot of proud Americans really love it while shitting on Northern Europe’s prison systems.
Im from denmark so thanks i guess for saying that our system is Good.
Finland has the best prison system
Please do whole videos instead of shorts
This is very definitely surely 100% ( I peed my pants don't expose me please) not true *sweating intensifies*
Not to be that guy but have you ever considered why Denmark works so much but the US not?  Look at the ethnic population percentages, not saying other races are more violent or others are more well behaved, but think about it. The US is the most Diverse country with everyone from around the world, but Denmark is mostly dominated by people of caucassian descent. Just sit and think about that for a moment
Did he really just make a not looped video
Heard an Ex-con say   "It's a simple cycle, you commit a crime, get incarcerated, listen to other inmates, realize how easy it is to jack a car, get caught stealing a car, get incarcerated, listen to other inmates, realize how easy it is to mug somebody, get caught, get incarcerated. Rinse and repeat"
US doesn’t kill detained “criminals” without a fair trial and also reports all people who are incarcerated, both things the Chinese government fails to do. In addition Denmarks prison system and crime in general is better because everyone is danish, a large portion of people that live there didn’t come from somewhere else so there is generational connections, land, wealth and plenty of other things, plus just the natural community of everyone coming from the same distant relative. The US prison system isn’t good, but you’re comparing a farmer who’s growing crops in rich soil to someone trying to create an oasis in the desert
Ok but we aren’t Denmark and won’t be and don’t want to be and don’t have to be
Parkour server IP? :(
America is flawed in many ways, I know it sounds weird coming from me, because I’m very obviously a patriot, hence the profile picture, but I agree, there are many things that need to be changed, none of which involving the constitution
I mean all you have to do is not commit serious crimes and then you’re fine if you are committing crimes that warrant prison time then you’re the problem there’s no one to blame but yourself (I hold myself to the same standard)
China has less prisoners because they all get put on the execution van
Norway’s system is even better. Norway has the lowest return rate in the world.
They made a leverage ep on this  1st ep of s3 I believe
Bail gets removed  Lawmakers:YA THIS IS BIG BRAIN TIME
Solution: D o n ‘ t   B r e a k   T h e   L a w. Not like we’re supposed to treat criminals in a hotel if they’re gonna break the law
Ok its prison wtf just dont murder steal if your life depends on it ( food water ) not money
Moral of the story, dont break the law
probably bigger than China because China just kills their prisoners also not a fan of this video prisoners aren’t slaves haha
Most vids you just mind your own business parkouring while talking about the thing and give us an existential crisis, but this vid has cursed doors and windows, whaaaat????
Oh this is a loop
Another prison system for you and me to live in
When I was 14, I got pregnant by sexual abuse. I just found out I’m pregnant again (at 19) by the same man I put a restraining order on 2 years ago. He came close enough to get me pregnant, and the police won’t arrest him. They’re reason is he didn’t break anything. Sir, I have my restraining order printed out hanging on my wall as a sign of victory, what do you mean he didn’t break any laws?
The “slight offense” can never get you solitary confinement like what bro
This makes me think of America’s education system
Sådan Danmark!!!
Me as an Egyptian: you guys got paid on prison
It doesn't suck don't commit crimes if you cant do the time common sense
“USA has the worst prison system” Japan with a literal 99.7% conviction rate. Only about 116,000 prisoners are in private prisons.  “The United Nation's Mandela rules prohibit solitary confinement of prisoners for 22 hours or more a day without meaningful human contact, and prolonged solitary confinement of more than 15 consecutive days. Breaking these parameters is defined as torture.” <— how solitary confinement CAN be torture it is not always torture and other countries like England, Wales, Finland, and even Canada have solitary confinement.
I do not wanna go to jail as my country is colonized by the united states once
Even though the US prison system is bad it's still better than China's. You said the incarceration rate is lower, but I am pretty sure they would shoot most people on site rather than arrest them.
China has slave camps that are off record. Let’s not use China in the example
I read up on federal law, and prisoners don't actually work, they have to be sentanced to labor rather than a prison sentancing.
"More incarcerated than China" yeah, more REPORTED incarcerated.
_No one mentions how non-white males are the most targeted to meet the prison count quota and get more funding_
The US has the worst school system, government, and prison system, why are we regarded as the best country in the world when the only good thing we have is our military? (gun go brrrr)
I’m from Denmark and tbh they have a lot of good things there like free schools so you don’t need to pay to get an education
Land of the free, home of the slave.
Ur speaking like serj tankian from system of a down. In the song prison song would definitely recommend 🖤
Because it's cheaper to put them in prisons than change their lifestyle.   12 words for you.   But it can be summed  up in one.  Money.
Just behave
Well China also drives people out of the country and kills them a lot more. Just, to be clear.
Wait till yall learn that China is democratic...
Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor respectfully disagree.
Someone could steal a leaf off a tree that is just slightly out of their garden and get like 2 months jail time and don't ask me ask the dam Internet talking bout news reports on this stuff oof
I’m sorry should prison be a vacation shit some people get arrested on purpose so they get free food and a place to sleep other countries prisons are way too nice if you ask me but I’d understand if they had better prisons for lessor crimes but murderers and rapists yeah let them rot they get plenty
My dad thought prisons sell milk. I haven't seen him in 7 years.
I kinda find his voice calming
I only watch these videos to see the loop
Yeah jaywalking is a crime no wonder the US prison system suck people literally get arrested for putting mainly their lives in danger
DENMARK NUMMER 1!!!!!!
The parkour was so interesting I forgot to listen to what he was saying.
I'm a fan of having essentially two tiers of prison systems in the US. One for punishment, one for actual reform. Let me explain. Two people robbed a family of German tourists a few years ago. They became frustrated with his inability to comprehend English and shot him in front of his wife and children. A young girl in LA was sentenced after stabbing her own sister to death because she was in a different gang.  A hired gun from the Mexican Mafia once shot his target, the targets wife, his 8 year old son, and his 4 month old daughter so there wouldn't be "any witnesses" to his initial crime. There are stories like this all across the US (and the world), and none of these people deserve a comfortable prison stay. The punishment should fit the crime, and the punishment for situations like these should range between death and a prolonged stay in what amounts to a fancier gulag. Some side notes: The couple who killed the German gentleman are still in jail, but receive regular family visits that they absolutely should not be getting due to the nature of their crime. The girl got into gangs within the women's prison system, and ultimately died at the hands of another inmate who was already serving a life sentence. And the last guy was executed a few years back. He's not having the best time at the moment.
Please switch to 1.8.9
Dude there was this time when a guy who was really happy and had a mental issue (he didn’t release he was in jail and everything was bad) was accused of murder? (I think) because the judges needed to accuse someone and he got the DEATH SENTENCE (which has killed a 17 year old black man  who was later found to be INNOCENT - probably racism but even the UK has racist police) and the actual killer said he didn’t even see him at the time when he confessed!
Usa is the worst county
He is jigsaw
Forgot to add that the Chinese government lies a lot
I agree with so much of this video, but holy shit guys, stop repeatinf "incarcerarion is going up even though crime is going down"  You are making a case *for* incarceration when you say that. Obviously when you lock people up for decades when they commit minor offences, there are fewer people on the streets committing big offeces. High incarceration does eventually lead to low crime.
In America, you get added jail time if you escape prison, however in Germany you don’t get added jail time because “you may have lost your freedom but you haven’t lost the right to seek freedom”
*You assume 2 things:* 1. That every country accurately and truthfully records for the entire world every prisoner that they take in, and 2. That prison is the only punishment for other countries. US prisons are luxurious, yes you may get paid little but you receive free room and board, as well as possibly education in some form. I have heard many stories of people that wanted to be arrested because they would have been better off. On the other hand, for those brave enough to tell the truth after being released or rescued from other countries, have told horrendous tales of the treatment that they received, whether they were in prison or not.
No, I will not let you explain
Imagine living in a developed country…
People: agreeing with what gabe said Me: what is wrong with these doors!?!?!? Gabe: yeah what the hell
China has less incarcerated because they prbly hang most of their prisoners lol
I TOTALLY didn’t know this   *that was sarcasm* But still great vid
Me, as a Dane, think we have a good prison system, but I also think Norway have a good one too, because it’s not many inmates who are re-prisoned. In Norway only 20% of Norway’s inmates are re-prisoned. In Denmark 27% of inmates are re-prisoned. Where in the US it’s about 80% who are re-prisoned
I live in danmark
I was too busy looking at the player getting confused over the iron door
Kinda unfort this is in my recommended. Just stuff I thought about at 12 I don't need to think about anymore.
Wow
Crime rates are going up though
not even getting into the racial bias, the us prison system is absolutely awful
1- crime is going up and incarceration is going down.  2- China lied about every statistics. 3- private prisons are fewer in numbers than you think,  on average there are 5 state ran prisons for every 1 privately ran prison
Dang I guess we’ll all listen to some random guy on the internet
well yeah. instead of sending heroin and meth addicts to rehab to better themselves and become functioning members of society, they send them to jail for a long time to get money and have free slaves. i love america 🙄
The 13th Amendment to the US constitution says slavery's banned unless you're a prisoner, I wonder if that has to do with anything 🤔
"Let me explain" no, you really don't need to
I live in Denmark
The US justice system is really the same system that will put someone in jail for years for simply having weed on them but will only give 22 years to a police officer that literally kneeled on a man's wind pipe and killed him.
America had the highest incarceration  in the world Haha because America never looses haha ha i am very scared as to where my nation is headed
Foucault's discipline and punishment imo explains the old punishments,prison, surveillance and their effects very well. I strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to get better grasp at the judiciary system and justice.
Also because they provide free beds and free food, so if someone can't afford a place to stay, a lot of times they will purposely go to prison
Anyone know the song in the background?
U know u could have just said the first sentence and nobody would disagree right
Because in china.....you don't live long enough. But yeah let's ignore that lol don't get me wrong tho......our prison system is royally screwed and damn near makes no sense, unless you're in it to make money lol. We ain't perfect but lmao just because the numbers differ doesn't mean we are the worst
But I mean money talks if I was a CEO for a incarceration contractor then I would get them to prison money talks and well i gotta survive somehow
US: Prisons overflowing,  Britain: just get an Oversea colony to ship them to  🤣
Denmark yes
Based.
"The US prison sucks" Laughs in Russian prison system
Just one of the infinite reasons that America sucks
Am I the only person, that wants him as their boyfriend and get choked by him?
YouTube sucks now
Lol bro claiming China should have more prisoners while saying they’re authoritarian is the funniest shit. Also our high incarceration per capita is because we don’t have lenient drug laws
Then follow the law🤡
I get that it sucks in your point of view that there’s so many people in jail, but I don’t have much empathy for murderers and heroin dealers
More bad people in prison=less bad people outside prison.
Well China most definitely has more people incarcerated than the US, but it's not like they're going to publicly give the correct numbers. It's already been discovered that they have concentration camps which they referred to as "Re-education camps" which doesn't sound better at all.
ill tell you this... denmarks prison system is great actually even better than swedens!!
Denmark ❤️🇩🇰
The constitution literally has a clause about slavery being outlawed “except” for prisoners
I live in Denmark! 🇩🇰 lifetime is 16 years in prison
Incarceration rates are going up while crime rates going down. That's usually how it works 😂🤯
My country is at least famous for having nice prisons. - Thank you for not mentioning us as the capital of Sweden 🥴
America China Russia same shit all corrupt but America knows how to hide it good
Some people used to get like 10+ years in prison for possession of marijuana even though now it is completely legal and nobody sees a problem with it
✨systematic racism✨
So if somebody steals my car  what should happen?
Um technically they shouldn't even be paid for working they broke the law now they work off the damage done so stop making criminals seem like the good guys
💌◦•●◉✿ 特に18歳以上の成人向けの最新コンテンツ ✿◉●•◦💥 👉 http://localdate.monster/ferrari?mijnprivéseks 💥    ライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもんね（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした！今後は気を付けないとね. .  ! 💖🖤 ❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編あり  がとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした,.💖🖤 #在整個人類歷史上，#強者，#富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，#氏族，#城鎮，#城市和鄉村中的弱者，#無`'#守和貧窮成員。#然而，#人類的生存意願迫使那些被拒絕，#被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，#並繼續將其DNA融入不斷發展的人類社會。.#說到食物，#不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。#相反，#他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。#他們學會了清潔，#切塊，#調味和慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，#在食品市場上被忽略的部分家用蔬菜和肉類，#並且學會了使用芳香的木煙（#如山核桃，#山核桃和豆科灌木 #來調味食物煮的時候
In Sweden the tax payers spend trillions so that their prisons are condos with Xboxs in every room
China has much more room in prisons...Whenever they look a little full, they just dissappear people.
Does no one understand what the term “The developed world” means?     Comparing a country like the US to India and saying that our prisons are more humane is a “well DUH” moment
thank you for giving awareness on the topic lol
Could it be that a lot of crimes are largely ignored in other countries? Like if someone stole a purse in newyork and you call out to a cop they are chasing them down. But I wouldn't expect that in India..... Maybe china but honestly not in Spain either. The pick pocket rates in some of these places are sky high and it seems they do nothing about it. But that's just one example.  Edit:grammar
My dad works at a jail and he tells us all the time that there’s only like 20 inmates to the 50-60 employees at one time. We live 30 minutes from Chicago. He also works for the state, not for a company. his wage is constant no matter the amount of inmates. Also, the people who arrest criminals don’t make any of the money that workers in the jail make, they just have to do paperwork and potentially go to court, which takes tons of time, if a officer was that selfless, they probably wouldn’t be making any arrests for small offenses anyway. I didn’t do any research but just speaking through what I already know, so if I’m wrong, that’s why.
Don't be a criminal then. It's not that hard. Just don't break the law. If you don't like the law of your land, move.
When he finally talks slow enough that i can understand and yet i dont get a single word
Mew Video Idea: its possible that you died but never realised it. Well, the YOU is not really you though because you(the one currantly occupying the body) are the soul that has literally identical memories as the one that died. Soo technically you never know. You could just be a replasement with the same memories.  To be honest this one creeped me out for days when i thought of it. Cos its really not possible to know if you are real, and provided that afterlife exists the real soul could be in hell(or heaven). And it could also happen multiple times too... and again... the one in the body would never know.
“Denmark’s prison system is much better”  Well no shit of course it is
also wanna mention, the 13th amendment allowed slavery(involuntary servitude) as punishment for crimes.
Over cook chicken? Right to jail. Forget to cancel appointment? Straight to jail. Walk too slowly? Jail. Believe it or not, sick for more than 3 days? Jail
I would say like 90% of people in prison right now deserve to be there for the crimes they committed.
Thanks for mentioning Denmark but our prison system sucks for ACTUAL crimes because the max is "life time" but it is only 14-16 years
Did you steal some chewing gum? First wait a year in the heaviest prison for the court date and then 20+ years imprisonment.  I love America
You make my brain hurt
Bro wtf next thing you know murder’s gonna be illegal
Let's all agree the US sucks
Jo live in Denmark😃
Crime isn’t going down, and also more developed countries have less crime because they have harsher punishments
THANK YOU t hey are throwing the mentally ill in prison for profit
best video
lol, yeah, let’s listen to China and their honest reporting about their prison system
Why were the doors like that lol
Azan?
Oh man its not like cultures clashing and deciding to be utterly degenerate contributes to this
Not him getting confused by glitched doors
No, crime is going up, more people commit crimes so more people go to prison, it's pretty simple
And? You play with fire, you get burnt. The system does not need change
Yeah school is worse
Pretty sure that's because china just kills their prisoners routinely
No way what prison is bad could not have guessed that I only robbed a couple banks and shot everything now I’m only making 12 cents so unfair
The work they make you do at prison should cut time from your sentence instead of paying you
Where do you play all the Parkours what map
💪🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💪🏻
Yeah in Denmark or basically Scandinavia prisoners of all kinds are treated like dukes and barons. Criminals are there cos they broke the law and are being punished.
Well you know China lies about a lot of things, China also y know imprisons muslims for having different ideologies in the hundreds of thousands maybe millions who knows, so yeah America  seems like a stroll in the park.
Ok all if the rest makes sense, but "minimum wage?" They're prisoners why should they get paid while in prison?
Americans be like "our army is the best"   "But what about the peop-"   "SHUT UP THAT DOESN'T MATTER"
Brazil laughing right now
Does a rapist need more than 12 cents an hour if all they can buy in there is soap or a bag of Cheetos. They arent paying for a college tuition in there. When you commit a crime bad enough to actually end up in prison, you give up some of your privileges. Thats called punishment and you get it as early as being a little kid when you say a cuss word in front of your mom.
People say “well it’s much better than _____”. So? Just because we’re aren’t the WORST doesn’t mean we can’t and shouldn’t strive to be better and be role models. I mean cmon. Whataboutism in a nutshell.
Me: steals a chocolate bar The us:i'll give you 50 years in jail
Ive seen prison cells in Denmark. Theyre better than some hotels.
The  USA jail system was brought to you by democrats.
I have no idea what he was talking about because I was distracted by the doors...
Finland's prison system is great as well.
Basically Denmark, Norway etc have better prison systems with actual jobs and actual living spaces with slightly more freedom for inmates and they even watch tv and have a window (but guarded) and a private toilet space. They're treated more like regular people but without much freedoms and they're rehabilitated by getting education and other job stuff. So when it's time to get released they can already get hired by some company or with the company some prisoners started. Finland has a gamedev inmate company for people with life sentences yet they lead a more successful life than us with less freedom.
Well China just kills people, so they obviously wouldn't have as many prisoners
Casually exposes the prison industrial-complex
This actually made me do some research, the US prison system is following a pattern of massive buildup and modest decline, the later we are experiencing now, undoubtedly due to all the long sentences from the 60s, 70s and 80s finally being completed, and due to people just dying off.  I hope we've learned our lesson and we don't escalate the problem further.  Furthermore, though I also enjoy talking about how good prison life could be if we followed other nation's examples, one problem gets in the way, population. The US is the 3rd most populous nation on Earth, which means it costs more, which for a system with as many prisoners as we have, it become literally impossible, at least at the current moment.  Right now the change needs to come in revising old sentences (if applicable) and changing the punishments you could receive.
Well if you fuck up in China you don’t get incarcerated
The reason why China doesn’t have as many incarcerated people is because they are less lenient and use the death penalty for smaller crimes.
I'm not sure if this is satire, but china and India will kill you if you steal a carrot.
Denmark’s system is a lot better but the us has a good prison system - let me explain: China and India have way more ppl than the us but less prisoners because of the fact that their law enforcement is not very professional. In other words they accept bribes very often. As someone who has lived in India I have seen this in action. The same is true for other developing countries around the world. The us prison system is not the best compared to other developed nations but that doesn’t mean it sucks
I wonder if China's numbers are true. The way we look at statistics might be skewed. Maybe the reason that incareceration rates in China is lower is because there is no transparency.
This is mostly wrong we have more incarcerated because we don't just execute them like china or let them go like Canada we actually punish criminals
He’s getting political now lmao
How are you gonna believe any statistics China puts out there
None of these countries you are making comparisons to have Ns
wauw I’m danish
Swedish prisons are Extremely good, I assume it’s the same as Denmark and Norway but still prisons can be good  places.
"Us prison is the worst" In France we unjail everybody it's like, "1 kill = Life sentence" but in fact it's more "1 kill= 2~15 jail time"
25m in Australia
based
most of the people in China that are arrested for pro democracy protests are either sent to psychological correction centers or labor camps..
Maybe if people would stop committing felonies, then they wouldn't have to worry about how bad prison is.    I'm going to have some people angry typing back at me. Lol
Again with denmark. Its like yall love to give your paychecks away.
Seriously, what's your IQ?
I like how he is saying about the prison but he is showing minecraft parkour
Swedens system is just like dennmarks
Yeaaa denmark, me living in denmark :)
well i mean... it does what it's supposed to do so...
Bro, crime is way up
He talks about Denmark but Denmark also has less crime and I'm sure less heinous crimes then the U.S. has. Prison is a punishment and a place for rehabilitation, we shouldn't be rewarding murderers, rapists, and drug dealers for crimes. Yes solitary confinement is like torture but they don't usually go there for long and like I said before it is a punishment, to try and make those prisoners stop what they are doing and help them realize it is wrong.
Not only does it suck here in the us the sentencing is very bias in my opinion a woman killed the man who raped her and she got prison for life but a middle aged man who molested 48 kids only got 8 years in prison   Is it just me or is that not fucked up?
Ehh the wage part is kind of misleading. Because the inmates are in prison, and the prison itself has an economy, there is practically no inflation and can purchase stuff in the prison with that amount.
Yeah i agree that American prison system is absolutely A-wall. Prison should be about reforming inmates, not excessively punishing them. Id say our Police and prison systems, hell the entire government needs a rework
Lol china murders people when they disobey government. No shit they have less people in their prisons. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Schools: hold my useless facts book
So many falsehoods in one minute
It’s not haha
why does the us make all its decisions based on one goal and not think about other possible consequences?
Him: prison sucks Me: no sh!t sherlock
loving the fact the the background gameplay stopped to look at the broken doors
Tak vi er gode med mandsker i stedet for at Låse dem ind for 20 år lær vi dem at vare gode et dansk fængsel og et amerikansk fængsel er meget anderledes
Who the hell cares. Crime must be dealt with, and the lack of punishment taints the people's trust on the government and the system.
Him: US has the worst prison system  North korea: hold my dictatorship
Danmark lets go!!!
a
Some prisons put actual businesses out of business. If you’ve got a hat factory that can employ 40 people, prisoners only cost 12 cents an hour. A fraction of what you’d pay to anyone else. companies literally can’t compete because of the free labor and they go out of business.
China does not accurately report their prison statistics and also attempt to “secretly” imprison potentially a million or more Uighurs in prison camps.
Just like the infrastructure smh
In America someone got arrested for shouting..
Guilty until proven innocent
Me in denmark 👌
Come to Romania prison
i like how he mentioned denmark and im from denmark i feel special
So.... prisoners are supposed to have it good in prison?
Dream???
bro, in america people walk around with guns
“Us system is the worst”  Me, a Russian: HA
Imagining committing crimes
People in the us think they get harrassed when someone touched them thats why its overflowing
i like it when he
Prisons in Denmark, Sweden and Norway are like hotels.
I hate it here
"crime rates going down" not true. We do need to be better on rehabilitation inside prison tho
Bruh, just listen to System of a Down’s song, Prison Song, it’s just this video in the form of metal
Just make longer videos
*proud Dane noises *
0:00
I am from Denmark! Ilove Denmark ❤️❤️❤️😁😁😁😁
Evet heard of Finnish prison system... We got free college there
Ay, Denmark gang
some1 gimme the name of background music
"Denmark's prison system is much better" Bich denmark's prison Storstrøm looks like a 5 star hotel no shit-
Ok what server are you playing all these parkours in it looks so fun I havnt been able to figure it out!
Thats because China doesnt classify the Uighurs as prisoners
Go watch Larry Lawton on youtube for amazing stories from his prisontime and what he did to get caught
Im from denmark, and I cant wait to here about out prison rules.
So Biden and Obama’s bill put people in prison for drugs... tell me more
Crime rates are going down whilst incarcerations are going up? Well shit call me Sally and explain the relation between these two statements.  Whilst the war on drugs did contribute to an overflowing prison, these prisoners didn't get incarcerated for eating a sandwich the wrong way. These people knew what would happen if they get cought with half a pound of smack, yet they went for it.  Their own fault. It isn't even remotely as bad as people thing, just look at Russias prisons.
Im glad I live in the country with the most luxurious prison in the world; Norway
I like your funny words magic man
Have you seen Mexico's prison system? Or Panama? Or Turkey? The US is far from the worst. In Brazil the police have a lot more power and from experience, no one messes with them. In reality prison is a place to put people away from society. Plus, prisons have rehabilitation centers where you're put for your last year so you can mesh back into society
American: "welcome to the land of the free" Also American:
as a danish person, US prisons terrify me. When i first about solitary confinement, i was so confused how that isnt illegal...
what do u think of covid
The war on drugs is such a joke
Im from denmark
Yeah it’s cause nobody knows how to be lawful in this damn country. Everyone wants to sell drugs and take the easy way out.
It wasn't a loop-
Larry Lawton had entered the chat
I feel flattered. Considering im from Denmark XD
Why did it low-key sound like you were on the run from being incarcerated yourself when you said “I’d love to explain more but I’m running out of time,” lol?
Nobody is gonna talk about the iron door
America is also different from other countries in that it is a melting pot of different races and has a population of over 300m. For some perspective, Denmark has a population of only 5.8m. China... well I'd rather be in prison here in the States than be in a concentration camp and having my organs stolen in China. But you do you, booboo.
Who cares how large the minimum wage is. The prisoners are obviously there because they broke a law.
The US does have a shitty prison system, but the prisons themselves are like hotels compared to most other countries
do you think that because you haven't seen the brazilian prison
Fun fact: All Danes watching this made exactly this face: 😲
I mean there are certainly people who deserve to be in a bad prison such as ted bundy and many other killers. But normal pedestrians who havent done such a bad crime shouldnt go to a prison with such lengths
Can anyone tell me what kind of song this is cause it is so cool and scary perfect for my scary vids
Anyone else notice he playing Minecraft while talking about prison those two i don’t even know. how you play Minecraft but think about prison😭😭
The police I this country arrest people for a plant- over rape and murder  (Of both genders CUZ LORD FORBID)
Acually the quality of prison system highly depends on what do you think the point of prison is. Rehabilitation or paying back for your crimes to community trough work and punishment. Ofc for smaller offenses you should have rehabilitative type of sentence but for serious offenses where there is no resonable doubt that person is guilty (which is very important) then I'm all for forced labor etc.  Sure Denmark has good stats but would you want a serial killer to go into a hotel for 20 years and then be let into society like nothing happened, let families of murdered see him free... I know I wouldn't.
As a criminal . I Completely deny that because I killed a policeman and his friends joined to bury him. It was a good time .never been incarcerated
Sweden: hmmm... Let's make prison better than schools
This is why I do the world a service by helping my buddies in prison escape.
I couldn't help but stare at the half open doors several times rather than listening
ik it’s not the point but bringing upthe war on drugs, prisons, and how inmates are treated as slaves and not also talking about how fucking racist it is, for me, is a bit of a letdown
Do not forget that it was Joe Biden who voted on the war on drugs and was a racist to black people
Legalize stupidity stuff like weed yeah I said it it'll be less people. There's a lot of people in the United states in jail for possession of weed even though it should be legal.
And also those prisons have minimum occupancy which means that if states don't keep them full, the company's can essentially fine the government
China who hide all their statistics: 😶🤫
Those doors do be kinda cursed do
Wait if US, has a shitty prison system, does that mean the black people who are innocent but sent to prison are there because of the USA prison system?
Im from Denmark, so sad about the US prison system also he's right, we have better prison systems  happy my small little country is featured in a video though!
this is what happens when you put money above every thing including your constitutional rights
0:17 rage
I love your content Keep up with it 🤘🏼
Danmark gang
I’m half danish
Yay! I live in Denmark!
You can’t really call the US civilized lol
i live in Denmark so i should try prison since it's so awsome
Choo choo hype train for Danish Prison video
you see frick now i sound like dhar man lol anyway gabe puts little messages with coordinates or help me for a few frames hidden in his videos and in this video his choice of words at the end “im running out of time” anyone else notice this? or anyone else think gabe in trouble?
Larry lawton had said that when he was in a prison in atlanta they had meat that was sold 5 years prior
I live in Denmark
So I should commit mass murder in denmark
Im glad I live in Denmark, not in the US
Based
He attac He protecc But most importantly   He talk to viewers back
Ok USA is worse than i thought
👁️👄👁️
The 13th is a documentary about this issue on netflix and i suggest you watch it
Do you have Ph.d in every subject?
But Japans prison system...
I saw this online i dont know if its true or not but in mexico the maxium u go to jail is for 30 years
Yaaa! Danmark for evigt!
What are these jump n runs you are always playing in the background?
Gabesweats: prison sucks  School going students:
Lol im from denmark
Whats the music
America's prisons are overflowing? No way. Who would've guessed that by arresting people for like, walking to slow, that prisons would start to fill
This is a great series
I don't even know what he is talking about half the time but I just like watching him do parkour and listening to the music do you guys agree.
*casually has a half door open*
This is why I am afraid to go to amarica
Not sure if it's the same but Norway's prison system has the prisoner reflect on his actions and be rehabilitated. It's a much better system than the U.S as well, the most humane in the world.  Brother, this comment reply list has gone to chaos lmao. Don't read into it too much guys or worry about what *might * go wrong. It works better than any other prison. Lets just appreciate Scandinavia and move on with our lives!
More incarcerations than China? Doubt* the country is literally going through an ethnic cleansing. I guess just killing people doesn’t count tho
Him: talking  Me: tryna figure out how the doors are half shut/ half open
On top of that some of our prisons are better than some lives inmates had before so they keep coming back on purpose
Based
I call cap (on some of the stuff that is not all)
You can always make a longer video if that’s what’s necessary 🙄
So prisons are corrupted by making their own rules Pogger
Nice 360
US shouldn't criticize Russia or China while  Their schooling system sucks Their election system sucks Their prisons suck There are millions of Americans under the poverty line No one can afford medical bills There are towns that doesn't have access to internet They don't fund science enough (NASA only gets 20 billion dollars while US military gets 700 billion dollars. NASA always postpone any mission they have because they usually run out of money.) They start wars in middle east (Hillary Clinton has said that they have established ISIS) They can't control the pandemic There is racism . .  Also great content as always Thanks
100th comment
In China they don’t keep prisoners
That door....
My minecraft Vsause
People in prison going up, crime going down, hmmmmmm... that sounds pretty good to me
Which server parlour is this?
“10 million are in the system” I thought there was way more kids going to school. Weird.
True true
Its so obvious that the prison system is so bad too its sad honestly.
How would you know this holy cow I typed this without looking
Couldnt Norway be the worst. Heard some stuff about them. Haven't gone there
Seriously tho it’s so sad. Big corporations use inmates for jobs so they can pay extremely low
Someone watched the Adam ruins everything
Wow
Brazilian inmates: It is not the same system, but is worse here man...
Reject capitalism socialism is based
His loop gets me entertained all the time
for anyone who wants to learn a lil more about this, there’s a great documentary on netflix called “13th”, i highly recommend it! :))
I think you should have mentioned how the war on drugs specifically targeted black communities, and how the us government filled those communities with cocaine. That might be a topic for another video, though, I would definitely appreciate if you did!
I saw this recently in an Adam ruins everything episode. Great video, I’m looking forward to the dreams one I suggested.
Luv you
Its because you dont know Brazil prision
More like this please!
Prison isn’t supposed to be enjoyable
Private prisons should be illegal.
of course.
I could literally listen to this for hours
whats the name of the music?
BASED
There’s going to be a lot of controversy to this statement but to be realistic how often do you see somebody get jail time for something that isn’t jail time worthy? In 99% of cases the person did something to be sent to jail, and if somebody has done something bad enough to end up in jail then they simply didn’t get caught.
plot twist: by running out of time he means hes gonna die  edit: when i saw the like count i thought it was broken
Went from theroys to politics real quick
I mean not saying US prisons are the best, but I think China just outright kills people instead of sending them to jail.
And prison forced labour is the only way that shit country can get away with slavery
0.12 cents wow.Minimum wage is more then 100 times that.please tell us about Denmark’s prison system
Maybe we shouldn’t forget the basis upon which our system was founded to begin with - essentially an eye for an eye but with a little more restraint. In fact, John Locke believe that the penalty for a crime should be double the offense. One part as retribution, and the other part as a deterrent. An important distinction to make overall compared to more reformative prison systems. Are private prisons bad? Yeah totally. Is the system “bad”? Depends, but the underlying principle definitely isn’t.
Justice should be harsh ya know so people stop doing crime
Based
I heard Japanese prisons are really brutal and almost human rights breaking. Also their sentencing is mostly unfair and not based on real evidence. And they are considered to be a developed world. So, in no way I believe that the US system is the worst, as this video and Tree Branch's comment says.
*Talks about prison while playing a prison map*
Can you do the theory of Life coming from a non-living material what I mean by this is that the theory of the universe started with the big bang supposedly at that time there was nothing that existed well living thing which makes it more confusing because we can see around us that everything is alive including ourselves which contradicts the theory in itself because if we come from nonliving things then technically wouldn't everything be alive take for example a piece of dirt in a clam overtime the more the clam polishes the dirt it turns into a pearl right so therefore something has to B cause of change in this case the clam for the dirt to be a pearl with that being said wouldn't there have had to been something alive in order to cause enough change for us to be alive
i’m sorry but your voice is really calming…
Jessica Kent talks a lot about her experiences as a prior inmate and prison reform on her channel. I recommend going to check it out for more information
Quite an interesting topic, going more in depth would be cool
I do you know HE WENT TO JAIL
Plz tell me that this man is not about to talk about politics, I come here to see videos that mess with my head, not politics.
Another main problem is that when you get out of prison it's stupid hard to get a job because of your record so you're likely to turn to a life of crime and go back to prison
always bringing up the most important stuff. amazing work gabe👏👏
I 100% agree america is trash in more ways then one(I can say that,I live there ok?)
lol imagine being early
I love this guy’s content
You : prison sucks  Literally everyone : well yeah it's meant to...
Larry Lawton take a lot about this and how shit the prison system is if anyone is really interested in the topic
Pp
I will be wait for the next video
As a true Danish boi, i can confirm... Danish prisons are way better, Denmark in general is way better than most countries tbh, the twist is that we pay around 55-65% taxes, so yea
This is a very interesting topic
Based
i think today we r partially still slaves. when slavery was legal, despite what you see in movies most got food and shelter while not getting paid while today we work to get money to buy food and shelter. idk just a random thought I had.
China is obviously far more authoritarian than the US. Good video though.
POV this gets pinned
As a true crime fan, especially a fan of heists/robbery’s. The US certainly has the worst prison system and their sentencing is very bad. I’m pretty sure most people know that tho
Plot twist: *Hes been to that prison before*
INVADE CANADA
Do one about planets.
Plot twist he’s speaking from personal experience
hm
4th
hehe
Third
gabe what mouse do you have? might get a new one soon but need suggestions
First I guess
