A 2 point victory while getting 4 picks? Uhhhhh
11-5
11-4
10-4
9-4
8-4
7-4
7-3
6-3
5-3
4-3
3-3
2-3
2-2
1-2
0-2
0-1
These highlights were excruciating
The browns were moving the ball more easily than the packers, if Baker hadn't thrown 4 picks the Browns could've won this
“The best duo in the league is Baker Mayfield and the opposing defense “😂😂😂😂
He changes life, He changes coaching staffs        Shannon Sharpe on Baker Mayfield  😂😂😂 😂 I love it 😂😂😂😂
Lowkey browns could have won if it won’t for trash baker mayfield
Can’t Believe DaVante Left Us💔
Baker just sucks man
Browns should give nick more touches, every play hes included in hes explosive
A close game
Davante Adams 13 targets 10 receptions 114 receiving yards 2 receiving touchdowns 23.4 Fantasy Points!
Nick Chubb 17 attempts 126 rushing yards 1 rushing touchdown  24.4 Fantasy Points!
Fun game to be at, despite the missed called. Go Browns!
Lol baker didn’t look at the gameplan the week before he just stayed home and played halo all day 😂😂😂
Tyler good luck
God bless you
Mayfield is kinda underrated. He's not even that bad. He's a above average qb tbh.
This game is a win if Jacobi Brissett is at QB
Perfect example of how one bad call (holding/pass interference leading to a pick) can lose a game for a team at the last minute. Shame on the refs. As a Packer fan, I can't even be proud of that play/win.
9-8
8-8
7-8
6-8
6-7
5-7
5-6
5-5
5-4
5-3
5-2
4-2
4-1
3-1
2-1
1-1
1-0
Watching Myles Garrett play D is so fn frustrating
When Anthony Schwartz’s made a touchdown a Green Bay fan was happy
4-3
3-3
2-3
2-2
2-1
1-1
0-1
I hate these refs
Raiders got a great player in Adams if Carr can throw ball to him
I'm happy I got to go to this game and attend the very game where the rabbit pushing a shopping cart meme was born. I actually adapted that idea and made it the logo for the Green Bay Browns Backers. Yes, I am a Browns fan from Green Bay, WI.  Overall this was a great game that was a memorable experience for me. It was also the first Browns game I got to attend!
7-5
7-4
6-4
5-4
4-4
4-3
4-2
3-2
3-1
3-0
2-0
1-0
The refs control the game way to much
Why are they passing so much RUN the ball
Mayfield literally handed that game to them no reason they should have lost ridiculous.
This is the blueprint for the 49ers minus the 4 picks
49ers will beat GB
It’s so crazy to think what makes or breaks NFL teams all comes down to the QB position.. you can have the most talented roster but if your QB sucks, you ain’t going nowhere!
Another game the Packers lost but the refs cheat for them. At least Rodgers will never win a legit super bowl because of all the nfl manipulation for them rules them out of the playoffs every year.
TOM BRADY12 the greatest sportsman in sporting history is about to win for the eighth and last time (as a player) the Super Bowl why? Because he is the greatest of all, he is the symbol of the most beautiful and exciting game in the world, American football. With his victory, the NFL will become the sports emblem of all sports on the planet and a glorious story to be told in the academy books. The NFL will frame the most beautiful season, the one to cry, to remember forever to children and grandchildren.
2 random comments by a youtuber but 1. Obvious missed no call but #80 Landry was wide open on that play. Baker's in game decision making is highly questionable. He also does not have that elite arm/throw mechanics  2. I would love to see the Browns make play for Russ this off season, the Browns supporting cast is at an all time elite level. The running game is elite, and it may not hold up for much longer because of the statistic of running back's longevity. I do hope Chubb stops that trend, but Cleveland just needs an elite playmaker at QB to be title contenders.
Those refs played a good game
We’re eliminated because the Chargers won 🤨 and the Steelers aren’t 🤨
Mayfield doesn’t cut it. Exceptional team wasting.
Erin Rodgers is that hot ass chick who does everything but swallows, NFC Championship………he’s gonna lose so bad and look so stupid year after year after year.  Lame ass QB……. Retire already sorry ass!
4 pics🤦🏿 minus the four picks the browns out played them what a shame
Packers looking weak. Back to back for my bucs 😈
Cleveland and Baker screwed it ip again. Surprise surprise. This is proof that even when Cleveland has everything it needs in front of them to be number one they still manage to be last place in their conference. 🙄  This is what you get when you rely on injured players the whole season and fail to have strong alternatives. Maybe now they’ll finally move on from Baker and find a new guy.  Y’all are done!! Only 13% chance of making the playoffs this year. Not happening. It’s unfortunate but it’s no surprise. Saw this coming GAMES ago when they kept relying on baker despite being horribly injured and it showing in the games and how he played. This is what you get. Learn and move on. Stop repeating the same mistakes year after year. Gotta learn sometime. However, aside from Baker being their number one problem, another is that many lack passion for Cleveland. Even some of their key players. You can be a great player but if you lack passion for the city for which you represent you’re not gonna take the team to the end. We’ve seen this year after year for decades now. Gotta not only have strong players but people who care for Cleveland and it’s fans.
I’ve been a packers fan since Brett farve but if Arron leaves I’m going with him
Reason #28361: Until the league calls defensive holding/interference consistently, I would not bet on an NFL game.
Our run defense is garbage
That fact there wasn't a call at the end of it crazy
Browns fans...what hurt most? The loss or having to listen to Aikman's slow repetitive, CTE-showin ass?
how can ref miss so many calls . Game is rigged
Allen Lazard is a BEAST!  He is underrated as a blocker....
The Browns make so "Many" mistakes, bad off. plays calls, bad coaching,so many bad turnovers !  This team is NEVER going anywhere it's always the same crap and it will be next years also !!  Big changes are needed in a lot of places !!
Is Mayfield colorblind or something? 4 picks that’s insane.
Should’ve kept running
those interceptions wasnt mayfield fault on 2 them the guy just fell or tripped leaving cb open for a pic.
Welcome home to the factory of sadness losers I knew last year was a fluke
I can't believe they are calling penalty on safteys who take out o line legs .not saying try to cripple the guy but...wtf u suppose to do agianest some twice bigger then you?
meu GOÍAS tá embalado em!!
Shoulda kept Johnny
"As he was coming out of the route, there was a definite grab. Nobody can believe that wasn't called."  Really? In 2021, nobody can believe officiating is rigged? 🤷🏽‍♂️
I like how Adams failed on the under-the-leg layup after the touchdown, so he settled for the one-knee prayer. 😁
The NFL deciding winners and losers!
Mayfield isn't even a "game manager" at this point....... he's gotta go
It seems like every week the league officials cheat the Browns out of a win.  They should all be shot.
So basically the drive starting at 06:04 is Aaron Rodgers and DaVonte Adams playing backyard football.
Should have challenged the hold at the end, Browns would have won it with the kick
Refs are almost undefeated...sucks for the Browns and their fans
Bruh I feel so bad for the Browns and Baker...I hate watching games like this that are fixed...it ruins the NFL
Wish the packers defense would show up like this in post season games
Giants fan with no dog in the fight. Great game that was ruining my weird officiating. I’m tired of the home cooking in Green Bay and Tampa Bay. These Packers games are unbearable to watch on national tv sometimes with the officiating.
So he didn’t get touched when he went down and then ran all the way back to the end zone that should be a safety shouldn’t it be?
At 11:49, after the interception he went down voluntarily and no whistle had been blown.  No Brown touched him on the ground,  and he proceeded to his own end zone.
Last play should of been a flag crazy how nfl has favorites
Obviously fixed
Post Toe-Vid ARod is killing it. Still not gonna win a SuperBowl though, but at least he's got 1 before he retires with Secret Life girl.
Athletic ACTors.
Putos árbitros siempre a favor de los packers, ese juego era de los browns
Aaron rogers MVP
#GOPACKGO
As a New Yorker that was a mugging on that last int. 😳
the browns only lost bc that holding call
I’m a Browns fan but reading the apologists on Twitter giving Mayfield a pass was too much. Mayfield is the biggest crutch and they will continue to give up unforced losses. And I’m tired of Baker’s cheerleading on the sidelines after his screwups and I’m sure deep down his players are fuming.  While we’re at it, what’s up with the coach’s terrible play calling. All year at the most critical moments in the 4th quarter he continues to have brain farts. Unreal.
Funny how Boy Fakeman and Blow Puck highlight that holding but had no problem with Cleveland's Secondary and their O-line holding. They never do a Professional Commentating Job when the Packers are playing. I don't know why Fox doesn't replace them. Saving money on Has-Beens will cause Fox's ratings to go down!!!!!!
4 turnovers lose by 2 greenbay sucks
Green Bay is gonna get exposed in the playoffs because they can't stop the run. I think they lead the league in   yards per carry  given up. I know they gonna get healthy but no of those guys they getting back can help them against the run .
Once again the referees took the game from Cleveland that call that interception that was a holding penalty and they didn't call it a guy grabbed his shirt and they didn't call it and the guy grabbed and made a touchdown off this play oh no no no that's a bad bad call Arnon call
R.I.P John Madden
The browns coaching staff aren't that bright. They should've ran chubb every play. The packers couldn't stop the run
That should’ve been a safety at the end of the game on number 29 he made the interception no one touched him he ran all the way back to the other end zone and celebrate it with his team 24-24 Packers and Browns Packers kick off this should not of been over bad referees
I wish I had a dollar for every time Joe Buck says "Pass is .... caught"!
Congrat to Aaron Rodger. Awesome.
packers were lucky to win that game
Where's Sam Oliver he came to see me in 2013?
On the last INT of the game, I don’t buy into that being PI. The receiver was pushing the CB so much that he literally being pushed off his own feet. And he held onto his jersey. At the very most it shouldn’t have been offsetting, but I actually think that is more of an offensive PI rather than Defensive.
Green Bay Packers= Super Bowl 🏆 Enough Said😊
As a brown fan kinda disappointed they coulda ran the ball but the choose to pass it 😬 nick chubb has a great game dude it’s a monster
I cant even count the number of times over the years that the Green Bay packers have won a close 4th quarter game because a referee made a terrible BS call against the opposing team or refused to call a blatant penalty on Green Bay.  Definite game fixing going on for them over many many years now.
Browns gotta be the dumbest team out there. Their running backs are having a great game. Yet they throw the ball even when their qb threw two INTs already. They could had won with a field goal if they kept on running.
Once again, what is being talked about is NOT the play on the field, but how HORRIBLE the refs are. Another game decided by the refs and not a thing to be said by the refs or the league. Clearly the refs wanted Rodgers to win his record breaking game. These games are a joke just have the refs come out to the 50 yard line and say "Gentlemen, we talked about who we think should win this game in our secret lab and today Green Bay will win. Shake hands and shower up guys"
refs deciding games over and over.  We need an upgrade
Every superbowl team has that 1 guy that comes outta no where either from draft or signings that ends up making big plays and becoming a superstar.  Rasul douglas is that guy
Devante def makes Rodgers look better sometimes 😂
Can people finally admit that Baker is so overrated.  If he didn't have a running game they would so much worse.
The NFL wasn't going to let Rodgers lose that game,,,,And you know why 🤔
The respect Aaron Jones had for Davante when he knelt down to pray quick👏👏👏 I freaking love my team💚💛
Stop throwing interceptions dude.  and why the hell you missed 2 of your extra points?  browns wtf squad..
Rasul Douglas is Mayfield's father.
All that Baker had to do was to get the Browns into field goal range.
Trade baker and get a better defense
Mayfield  Which is superior  Interceptions or Sacks  Another game there for the taking
Vintage Vikings, er- Browns.
I've been watching the NFL for 30 years. This league has the worst officials I have ever seen. Week in and week out it continues to get worse. Pathetic.
Packers "D" gotta do better against the run or it's one and done in the playoffs.
Steelers fan here... Congrats Aaron Rodgers and to all Green Bay fans out there.
I think the Browns could utilize their running game more. If the packers can't stop the run, then there's no reason to throw.
I think NFL Refs are a joke! Rodgers, Brady, get all the calls if you think I'm crying because the Browns loss Watch a game  from a few years ago between Jax and N.E. championship game Jax was Hoosed badly. The games are rigged for best match up.T.V.$$$$$$$$$$
The officiating sucks ballz! BAKER is injured and has been all season! He played great considering.. who knew the refs play God! Well newsflash🙄 they do they did and that's a wrap!
Get Watson ‼️
Is there a way to mute joe buck is is just terrible
To bad they wanted G B to win, the ref couldn't handle the pressure from G B  Fans
Wtf is a low block?
The Browns are the better team. If they just ran the ball the entire game, this would have been a blowout.
Great game  two tuff teams! I can’t stand the announcers though
Could you not make it obvious on who won the game with the thumbnail. I watch the highlights and only the highlights
Typical Green Bay gifts. Only difference is that it’s the time of year. They always get em regardless though. INVESTIGATE PLEASE.
Maybe Mayfield should become a different kind of Baker😉🍞🥐🥖🥧
Is it just me or does it seem like packers choose when to dominate on Defense this year lol but in a way I can see why cause Alexander suppose to be back a soon so they ain’t pushing there men every game
I like how the announcers only focus on the grab on the last interception and not the receiver fully extending his left arm to push off. That's illegal too guys.
*Aaron Rodgers, Davante Adams, Rasul Douglas & Entire Packers Defense!* 💪🏽😏🧀🏈🧀🧀
Baker should have threw the ball 3 times.
I don't see what everybody is talking about. Missed PAT, failed 2-pt conversion to recoup the point. Lose by those 2 points. The Brahns lost because of a missed extra point.
Why didn't these highlights include the Pass interference call and defensive holding calls, that were missed on two if the interceptions?
Being in Cleveland and enduring the QB carousal for 20+ years Baker is the only guy who hasn’t been mentally broken since the rebuild. As fans we are so tired of finishing 0-16, 1-15, 2-14, 4-12, and now we have a guy who doesn’t quit but he hasn’t improved along with the other offensive players. As it stands they will probably finish 8-9. With the talent in this team that’s not acceptable but for a Browns fan who’s endured horrible football for years 8-9 is better than 2-14. Do you dump Baker, or is it Stefanski that’s the problem or both? The bottom line is one or both is the reason this team can’t take off.
Who came here after Skip gave Baker a "B since 4INT were not his fault & not the reason they lost" if he didn't throw the 2nd INT & just take you're 3pts they win, 100% Baker fault
Douglas Is Really Amazing
If I was the browns gm I would of been scouting arod hard this game. Cause as soon as packers season is over I’m calling them up and throwing the kitchen sink to get arod. Already said before the season browns weren’t going far with baker fools were saying they were sb contenders 🤣🤣🤦🏾‍♂️. baker got 1 year left and isn’t worth an extension. Would you like to pay for baker to continue to be mediocre and waste your sb window the next 4 years or trade for Rodgers and give him a new 4 year deal hmmm I’ll take Rodgers the next 4 years
I'm tired of these bad calls from the refs.
Rodgers is the best.
Terrible officiating in this game. Seems to be common in the NFL this year. Had a false start called and holding against Browns that didn’t happen.
The Pack is my team, but I gotta say even I felt like we got away with highway robbery on that last uncalled P.I.
Aye Packer fans, All I gotta say is this if Tom Brady goes back to Lambeau Field, y'all know it's a Loss right. Coming from a Bills fan not bandwagon Tampa Bay
The refs always help the Packers win.
I‘m with GB totally, BUT that grab from GB29 on CB11 was a holding for sure. Could have brought the Browns to the distance for a game winning FG. Well, 45 yards, you need a good kicker but it’s not impossible.
We need to run Dillon more.
Thank you referees for pissing away Browns playoff chances. That's the 2nd game this year the browns have been handed and unfair loss. They should be 9-6 right now.
I feel like if mayfield had more experience they would have done a lot better this season
Has Mayfield led a game wining drive this year? Sheesh.
Raiders fans here .. honestly Browns got cheated on that last interception but ehh it happens
Why didn't the Browns just run Chubb and Johnson down Greenbay's throat the whole game? Packers defense had no answer, those 4 interceptions killed the Browns, that would have been 21 fewer points for GB and more for Cleveland.
4 ints backer boy u off da hook
Packers are good. Pack your bags
Missed interference call quite possibly the difference in the outcome. Joy to watch
Davante is lethal. You have to double him or he’s gonna make you regret it.
You can’t turn the ball over four times against Rodgers and expect to win
Gunga
Browns played sloppy but hard and were screwed by the obvious non-call at the end. Could've very well pulled this out at the end with better officiating in that case as they had the momentum.
Hessss a BADDDDDDDDDDD MAAAAN!!
The browns got robbed with that holding at the end. They could have at least let the browns kick a field goal and send the game into overtime
just waiting for Skip to say that it was OBJ or his shoulder or the offensive Line or the fans etc you get the point HAHA!
Watching Rodgers throw is like watching Curry shoot threes. Poetry in motion
now imagine if an actual good team had nick chubb lmfaooooo
I think it's time for Green Bay to changes the design of the End Zone of Lambeau.
I am not a Packers or Brown fan but watched this game.  The Packers won because Browns played real bad.  Was puzzled why Packers players was celebrating on field for some club record during the game. in '21, watched Brady breaking many NFL ATH records (TD, passing yards etc) without any drama during the game..
Why does Joe Buck still have a job?
Mayfield is an average second string quarter back.
---->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R --->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSlhjwzn3utvcw6XKujKjb0C
11:48 b b b b but h h  he t t t touched m m m me. T t thats n n not f f f f fair!!!!!! F F FLAG!!
Packers showing some holes on D has me worried, if you get 4 interceptions in a game and only win by 2 that isn’t great 😕
The Browns are definitely a QB away from becoming a legitimate SB contender.
Refs gave this game to the packs on that last interception with no call. Smh rigged
noooooooo whats going on did the reffs not see that grab where is the flag on the last browns play??????????????
Why does the coach even allow mayfield to throw. He if those interceptions are not there chub couldbwin them the game.
Browns got robbed close to the end of game with that obvious pass interference no call with a min left in the game, maybe the refs all sneezed at the same time and missed it 🤷🏻‍♂️!! That would’ve put the browns in perfect field position to make the wining field goal !!
browns got ripped off that last game
Joe Buck's voice makes my skin crawl ugghh
The refrees got payed from this sleepy looking baldrian QB#12?
The bad plays by Baker outshines the even worse play calling. 15 yards to FG range and calls pass plays. I mean Browns only averaging like 8 yards a run lol
Packers getting saved by the refs.... again.
Green Bay better keep Jones and Dillon for the long-term. Amazing two punch RB
Packers are on 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Q: MVPs of this game??? A: the referees !!!
witnessing history  dont even have all thierplayers andd stilll do it better than any6one
Cant beat arod best qb of all time go pack go
packers win super bowl
What's kinda crazy is that the Browns, at 7-8. still have a reasonable shot at winning the division:  1) Bengals lose to Chiefs next week (KC is favored) 2) Ravens lose to Rams next week  (LA is favored) 3) Browns defeat the Steelers next week (coin flip?)  ...if #1, #2, and #3 happen, then the Browns have a home game against Cincinnati to decide the division in the last game of the season.
Love how Baker Mayfield threw beautiful interceptions and the ability to spread the ball around to the defender. He can also lose the game all by himself. Such a talented QB.
Everyone here is bad-mouthing Mayfield, which is understandable. He just had a bad day, but if you think about it, the referees should have called Douglas' grab at 12:00, because the Browns would have had first down and would have been in field goal range with 2 or 3 more throws afterward..
Vegas had the fix in......Let the Browns Start Baker
https://youtu.be/r23JTDUEXME
had the game in their hands and tryed to throw , not run it  wow what a dumb move , also the refs where not calling the pentl
Packers are the biggest frauds in the NFC lmao barely beat the bum Ravens and Browns.
I'm a Packers fan, but the Browns got hurt on that pass interference non call. And why no David Bakhtiari this year???? Did he have his surgery at Home Depot, with what tools they had there?
Hate to say it but Baker has reached his peak. He be like a Bridgewater (low ceiling high floor)
Congrats to the browns for playing good against us. I was at the game
The Packers better pony up the green or they will lose Adams.  If not, it will be a repeat of Jennings.  Jennings and ARod were hands and gloves.  ARod was the engine and Jennings was the fuel.
I am a packers fan but 4 picks, wow
Baker is throwing with his shoulder. Not his body. The harder he throws it, the more inaccurate he becomes. Cam and Ben have the same problem.   The weird thing is, Kyler Murray has a nearly Identical throwing motion. But he uses his body and footwork to add or subtract velocity or change or refine the throwing angle. It's pretty impressive!
I've been a Packers fan since 1960; however, the last pick of Mayfield was a no call PI.  Also, the Packers run defense sucks.  A lot of grabbing with no hitting or wrapping.
These teams switch QBs and Cleveland wins 48-3
Ik brown fans are happy that they aren’t 0-15 rn
The Packers are my team....and they have the best record - but they are highly overrated !   It took 4 interceptions for them to barely beat a struggling Browns.   They would have been destroyed if not for those interceptions.   The Packers would be destroying teams like the Browns if they were as good as ESPN makes them out to be.     They'll lose their first playoff game....
But it's Odell's fault....
All I can say is the Packers are a very talented group this year, I mean even more then previous years. I literally see no weaknesses on this squad. The depth on this team is way to deep. Great picks = great team. Scouts have been doing their homework. Go Pack Go!! Remember guys there is no eye in team
They should have benched Rogers this game, Baker was doing just fine hitting Green Bay recievers.
Go pack go 🧀
As a Browns fan, this entire season has been frustrating. When the run and the short pass game is working so well, why do we keep letting Mayfield try anything past 10 yards? We stick to what we have been good at this season and we would've won this game. Guess we have to wait for next year for another playoff run...
God I hate the Packers.  They get help from the refs yet again.
Should've kept running the ball...oh well 4 interceptions, and Odell was the problem
Great job referees sike
Thank God for the Brown's run game Bec Mayfield got the right name may get sacked may throw a pick may pass the ball or may not
They did not call that grab on purpose
Baker is horrific 🤣
Rasul Douglas got 2 picks🔥👀
GB superbound
Baker should of been benched after 3 interceptions 🤭
Of course refs help Green Bay again in 4th quater , how can they get away with this garbage!!! O well
Hard to beat the number 1 seed and the refs at the same time.
Can someone explain to me why that defensive holding that lead to an interception wasn't called back?
The connection with Rodgers and Davonte Adams is truly impressive. Aaron Rodgers makes throwing look so simple. Browns need to commit to the running game, because Baker isn't consistent enough.
the calls for the browns were terrible the browns had an ez win if it wasnt for the terrible holding calls or pass interference  AS THEY ALWAYS SAY  BROWNS VS REFS
Now now everyone talking about how bad Baker is. Lets understand something the man is not 100% he sat out the week before and see how that played out. He is not the best QB by anymeans but he is the best one the Browns have had on the last decade. Browns running offense and the defense are without question top 5 in the NFL today
That was a hell of a game Packers unbelievable go pack go
Imagine the Packer's record without the help of the 12th man....priceless
So every other NFL game is dictated by a PI call?  And no one investigates this? No one does anything about it?  As Football fans,  are you happy to have such a disastrous system?
Congrats, Packers! I hope Aaron Rodgers gets another ring if Tampa Bay doesn't make it.  Go Bucs!
Still trying to figure out why Baker Mayfield has all these commercials.
Love to see Aaron go face to face with Tom Brady.
Mayfield gave our defense 4 🎁 for 🎄.  🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂💯🤙🏽
One handed grab by Allen Lazard just ends a debate if Baker Mayfield good or bad quarterback.  If quarterback throws a dime even player like Allen Lazard at times may look like Jerry Rice. If quarterback plays poorly overall, talented players like Beckham Jr and Landry may look like they lost a step.
Tennessee. This yea Will won soup bowl 🍚
Defense needs to be better upfront with the tackle and end positions. I've been very critical of Keke and where was he yesterday??? Packers need to address this in the draft/ off season. Defense wins championship and it starts upfront. Draft or pick up Defense of lineman
ALL POR SPORTS ARE AS FAKE AS WWE...  If you believe that pro sports are real, you're an idiot.
Referees handed over the game to Green Bay. Packers and Officials win.
was it just me or did the way the uniforms and turf and conditions at laumbio feild make it look it was a 90s game
Chubb footwork is amazing omg
NFL tell the chiefs that they have to do what they did in superbowl54
Im gonna go see my favorite team in person when they play the lions  again let's go packers
Great defense by the Packers!
These last three games they have been losing by 2
Refs seem determined to be the deciding factor in games all across the League lately
Yes, he held his jersey, but the ball had already been tipped.
Why aren't the browns running more with Chubb.
referees suck as.  absolutely screwed the Browns out of a win.  should have called a penalty against green bay at end of game.  just like last year against Kansas City,  screwed Browns on last play of game.   we need referees to be held accountable. this is bullshit man  😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬
Baker mayfield is poop
And refs giving the game to packers
Browns kicker needs another job. Maybe an office
Aaron Rogers is my favorite player.  Green Bay is my team.  That being said, the Browns got screwed.  Believe it not, I'd rather see the Packers lose a fairly called game then win on a bunch of questionable calls (no facemask call on the sack that would have given the Browns 1st and goal instead of 2nd and 19 at the 25, holding the receiver on the first Green Bay pick, illegal touch (I mean block) in the back on a punt, the 4th quarter no call PI.)   Some homers are going to challenge me or say the other team should overcome bad ref calls... I mean, yeah sure... but better yet, how about letting the players decide the outcome instead of slanting it in favor of one team.  The refs were embarrassing enough against the Bears.
Mayfield = 4 ints in ONE game Rodgers = 4 ints ALL season
lost the championship game back to back years. this season ain’t special just like the last two🤷🏾‍♂️
Even though I dislike the browns #Gosteelers they had all the momentum. If the Refs don't get in the way and rightfully call it a PI on geenbay... browns Win this game 9/10
Game was a joke and refs missed seventeen no calls - bakers face mask , defensive holding on DPJ , Wyatt teller ghost false start- pack was offside  , hold on DPJ at the end of the game . Packers cheat and refs should be held accountable ... this will come back and haunt the pack . Refs won’t be able to hold off their opponents when 48 year old Tom Brady steamrolls or steamrolls then again !!! BAHAHAH packers = overrated . Refs got paid in this overacted lambeau field of a game . Aaron Rodgers will find a cheeses packing job at the end of the season !!!bahaha
I'm a packet fan but my word have we had some dubious calls go our way the last 4 games. Anybody could think if its the last superbowl of all time who would win it ? And it's green bay all day long.  Vince lombardi it's out trophy. Go pack go
Adams is a baddddddd man!
@1:40 mark: does it seem as if DPJ didn’t really go for that reception, instead being content to just push the defender who actually went for the ball? DPJ initially looks over his shoulder for the ball. But then it seems like he targets the defender in front of him instead of staying with his eyes, over his right shoulder, on the ball. Was the trajectory out of his range?
Ref should have called a pass interface on last run of browns
Holding on the defense #29, you gotta be kidding me !!!! That $hit is what making football not fun to watch anymore… Refs had to have money on this game to MISS that call… Should have challenges back in the game for miss calls.
The refs are determining games right and left this season. Even throwing 4 picks, the browns almost won. Rigged much?
4 interceptions and still almost wins
If those were the shoes that Aaron Jones is wearing that have a picture of his father laced into them, that Cleveland Brown Defensive Player, just made a big mistake and that drove Aaron Jones to push through them like was after the  1st half. Don't mock the Belt and Don't mock #33 shoes.
Of course the packers are gonna win.
that final pic at 11:44 was he down? seems like he ran all the way to his own endzone...safety?
That was grabbing , browns woulda win by field goal js , I mean damm browns lost by 2 to a packers team that is good this year, that shows Greenbay is not all that tough to beat
I bet you with the backup QB Cleveland would've won. Stop playing injured people baker couldn't throw
Baker Mayfield sucks!
Baker is the weak link for the Browns.
The Browns snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
I don’t wanna here no more Baker talk the boy is trash foh
10:45 OMFG that was disgusting 😭💀
That last int was trash. This game was winnable.
mayfield singlehandedly lose the game for the browns whilst chubb singlehandedly kept them in it lol. And for that i thank their coach .......sincerely the entire packers fanbase
Man dude I think baker is done this was just a poor performance in my opinion he just ain't it
Serious packers fans only.....  Did yall notice we got away with soo many calls?😂
Browns. Here’s an idea. Give the ball to chub. Stop throwing.
nice hold by Douglas, but the Packers are the darling of the NFL
Browns need to get rid of Mayfield. 4 picks man..c'mon..these aren't even deflection picks..these are straight darts going right to the hands of the defence lol
Congrats on a rod breaking favres td passing record, but I’m more impressed with Rousel Douglas more than anything. He’s becoming and interception artist now. Ik he clearly got away with holding on the last one but he has been strait balling since they signed him. Go Pack Go…..
Wtf this Mann really threw 4 damn picks like here you go
5 passes to TaeTae right before half time , they couldnt stop his routes . Mans is a beast , especially with rodgers behind him
Everyone is complaining about holding when Baker threw the ball to the D back. Referees are not in your control, where you throw the ball is. Control what you can.
Shannon gonna have a field day against skip tomorrow
This game was so fixed for Green Bay. Ref's made some very bad calls on key plays. Super bad calls. Like when they called illegal procedure on #77 of the browns when the replay clearly show Green Bay was off sides. The many bad calls of pass interference. That's just to name a few. Rigged game from the beginning. Hey, got to keep Vegas bookies happy.
Just give Chubb the rock.
So Happy Me Packers Won
Browns fans why did you guys not run the ball?????
Browns got robbed lmao 🤣 good job refs
It was a xmas gift given to Lazard to keep his footing perfect on the sideline, to just get in there. 💁‍♂️ to B.Farve
As a player, Mayfield is trash. Take out the trash.
The refs fixed this game with BLATANT obvious pass interference NO CALLS that would have changed the outcome of the game. The fact that these BLATANT missed calls are not  addressed "in game" is a total travesty and an insult to players, coaches, and fans. The NFL NEEDS TO FIX THIS NOW!!!! OR FANS WILL BE TAKING THERE MONEY TO THE USFL!!!
Baker Mayfield is terrible. Been so for years now. You got a Superbowl talent worthy team, except at QB and they can't even make the playoffs because of Mr. Progressive Insurance pitchman. This team of guys put in work in off-season,  preseason the regular season only to lose because of Mayfield mistakes. Why is the coach even having him pass after interception two? Why? Baker is less than mediocre and you know that. Chubb is killing it. Just run the ball. What a wasted year of work. Try and  get the backup from the Ravens in the off season and move on. Ridiculous!!!!
So many bad calls by the refs.
The browns coaching staff needs to be shot every one of them.
Watching obvious penalties not being called against GB tells me that the NFL really really wants GB in the SB. It's fixed, and it's obvious.
looks like the same old packer defense is showing up.  prevented Rogers from winning at least three more Super Bowls
I think if the Browns had just kept feeding Chubb they would have won. Didn't seem like the Packers could stop him. Especially on that one drive where he got them down to the red zone then a pass play was called that killed it. That hold on the Packers that last Browns drive was unacceptable. Led to an INT that essentially ended the game.
THE BROWNS WAS ROB OUT OF THAT WIN
YouTube > komm ins Café mit Carsten Stahl 👍🤙
Thanks for the 4 ints Baker.
It has to be frustrating for the Browns to see all the superstar QB’s who have come out over the last few years and even with all the 1st round and #1 overall picks they somehow have managed to not get one.
Minnesota, Cleveland, and New Orleans has top 3 running backs in the league
The last interception no one touched the defender, he ran into the inzone and should've been touchdown Cleveland
Man, Cleveland just can't catch a break when it comes to their Quarterback.
Mayfield played like crap but they still had a chance to win   Refs just rob them of a first down
Browns run run run  pass ..run run pass run pass pass run run run ..I'm not offensive coordinator but I'm available and I could of won u this game ..just saying
Oh so the packers can pass on the one yard line and score and win the game                                                        😢
Baker is actually embarrassing
Please trade Mayfield to the Jets in the off-season.
You always know who's winning before watching the video just from the thumbnail.
Watching the Browns play is hilarious.
Refball again baby!!!
what about extra points ? aren’t they important ?
That PI at the end of the game was as clear as day -____-
Why don’t all team double or triple team DA like the way the Ravens did.? Why allow him to cook your D….SMH!
As a die hard Bengals fan the refs SCREWED the Browns! That was OBVIOUSLY a PI ! HORRIBLE CALL.
I miss the NFL before sports gambling was legal and games like this would end with a proper call instead of letting the packers get away with some of the most blatant offensive pass interference I have ever seen.
Been watching football for several decades now and just about every time you see a team score first and miss the extra point its a bad omen for how the game will go for that team. Sorry Cleveland.
NFL needs to do the woke thing some more and put an asterisk next to Rodgers' name and say it was a "privileged white quarterback".
Packers defense this time
The browns shoulda watched the 2020 NFC Championship game.
That first touchdown celebration by Devante Adams was him clowning on the NFL’s celebration rules 🤣
The National Fixed League is a joke that was clearly PI on the Packers on that last drive it would have put the Browns in field goal position to win the game especially these last few games have playoff implications that 1 miss call by the refs probably just knocked the Browns out of the playoffs and they're reffing the games like that on purpose the NFL is garbage let the outcome of the game be decided by the two teams on the field
refs gave the packers the on no calls
Browns fan who are complaining about the holding that wasn’t called need to realize that people’s Jones did push off and it would have been offensive pass interference. At best you are getting offsetting penalties and you have to replay the down. But why would the ref call it when both the receiver and corner where being physical. Not to mention it was a bad throw by baker.
The problems I have with aikman is that he always asks for defensive pi and complains about it but he will never say there was any offensive pi
Crap no-calls cost the Browns this game. RIDICULOUS.
What's the significance of touchdown pass #443??  And Baker is playing like an amateur I feel for the Browns fans if not for all those interceptions they woulda most likely won the game🤦🏻‍♂️
Baker is trash that's all.
Baker mayfield is awful
Say what you want to about ole “Baker Mayfield”,  he is without question the best starting 3rd string quarterback in the league! Brilliant! Cheers mates!!
you have to go back to the days of Jim Brown to see a rowns running back do the things Nick Chubb can do. Da ja vu all over again!
Dats y u cant trust BAker in moments like dis brown had dis game all they had to do is get in field goal range Baker throws the football too hard like its in slow mo so its easy to pick him off
Mayfield, you suck.
Terrible non calm at the end to give the Packers the win.
State Farm shoves these commercials down your throat almost as bad as the media shoves this covid bulshit down your throat.
I was at the game and it was EPIC
Pack I need another super bowl win this year!
WORST OFFICIATED GAME ALL YEAR!!! ANOTHER REASON NOT TO WATCH THE NFL
I don't think any teams have lost more heartbreakers than Buffalo and Cleveland. The Browns had most of these games within their control, but couldn't execute at key moments. Hate to say it, Baker is talented, but I don't trust his throwing in crucial situations. They've had a lot of disappointments. OBJ didn't turn out to be what they hoped for, Chubb is very good, but he needs help.
The  Brown’s run game is second to none, so when crunch time comes and they need 20 yards for the win they pass, pass, pass???
This is still probably OBJ fault 🙄🤦🏽‍♂️
4 INT's for mayfield, a win for the packers, i mean, whats the worst thing that could happen between now and the end of the season? or at least into the playoffs
Let’s all give it up for the real stars of this game; the refs! 🤡
mayfield, one of the worst quarerbacks in the entire NFL!!!
Chubb was beasting!!  Mayfield screwed this one up with his turnovers.
chubb got me 30 points :D
That last interception was a grab but let's not forget the pass interference they didn't call when Lazard caught that 1 handed catch so if you ask me I call it even
Last pick automatic booth review clear p.i.  not a word....
Chubb is unbelievable. He was there whole offense. Every play just 6+ yards. Mayfield looks just hurt, every snap jus took me like he’s in pain.
The Packers paid the refs for Christmas
the goat vs the choke
Why the f..k did the browns stop running the damn and kept passing with mayfield sorry ass.
Literally all the browns had to do was keep pounding the ball with nick chub with 1 and half minute left on the clock there was no need to throw the ball
Four interceptions, we all know who needs to be traded off. No excuses, except bad throwing, and bad choices. You can not win doing that crap!
Great Christmas game win Packers! Go Pack Go 🧀! We never quit! Thank you everyone for a great Christmas day!
Of course I'm ALWAYS for the Packers  👍 🏈 🧀 #GoPackGo    I will say, I've NOTHING but respect for that Browns' running game... Absolute BEAST in Chubb #24
As a green bay fan. I cant fathom why Cleveland didnt keep giving the ball to nick chubb, our defense could not stop that man. Poor play calling on the browns part definitely.
Mayfield is probably just good for his stupid Ads commer
We got away with a hold at the end but let's be real when you ball out a CB like Douglas has been doing you tend to get more no calls to go your way he's been making it look easy for a unwanted player never give up.
dam they got rob
Home cooked,  Browns played the Refs too. Damn shame. Vegas won this game
brown 22 - 24 refs
Rodgers is a pud
The calls went in favor of Green Bay.
Chubb vs refs
I'm glad the Packers won but that was pass interference at the end of the game that could've put the Browns in field goal position. Having the game called well is more important than whether the team I'm cheering for wins or not.
Pass is.....caught.  🙄
Can’t win a game when you throw 4 interceptions 🤷‍♂️
Rongers is still alive? “Illnesses and death” 😂
Baker mayfield is a bottom 5 QB easily.
4:05 Adams was about to dunk the ball but remembered nfl stands for no fun league mid jump
imagine how good the browns could be if baker threw the ball to the right team
Browns 8 losses. 6 of them are under 7 points. Imagine what an above average QB could do for them.
Once again, Packer offense failed to put away a team in the second half, leaving the burden on the defense. All those Cleveland running yards were accumulated when the game shouldn't have been close. But with Bakhtiari, Jenkins, Myers, Turner, Nijman, Tonyan, Cobb and MVS out of action, struggles by the offense are understandable.
How can a Browns' fan win?  We overcame Baker's awful performance,  dominated Packer's defense with our run game,  only to be stopped by the refs......again.  😮‍💨
GB at 12-3 pretty much has #1 seed locked up. TB will be their main obstacle in getting to the SB. A GB/KC SB would be nice as they were the 1st 2 participants in SBI.
4 ints. lots of free ref calls in GB favor. missed extra point. missed 2pt. So many reasons why the Browns should have won this.
You throw the ball when working almost everytime, you run the ball when is working almost every time.  WHY YOU KEEP THROWING THE BALL?
Well the Packers are going to win the NFC
Cooking the books for green bay. pi all day.
12:02 Another let's pretend the packers won LMAO
Ok that last call was paid how the refs not see that hold?
Rodgers+Adams=Deadly Combination.
Shannon gonna eat Skip Bayless up on baker mayfield Monday……
Browns can run the ball .  Way to many picks.. he has to learn how to read defenses or he is going to have a short career.
Everything is good about the browns but the Qb
If not for the Int's by the Browns this would have had a different outcome
4 picks, win by 2.
The refs gave the game away at the end.anyone who didn't see that pass interface is blind.i know the would have called it on Cleveland
Mayfield is the reason they lost, his height is a definite  handicap, the defense played a exceptional game! The Browns should seriously consider drafting the Bearcats quarterback
Kevin Stefanialk has to be the dumbest person on the planet. He has a RB that the Packers cannot stop and what does he do when he only needs 20 yards to get into GW FG range? Takes the ball out of hte RB's hands and puts it in the hands of Baker Mayfield who had already thrown 3 INTs. Packers DC Joe Barry has to be the second dumbest has he refused to get out of his soft coverage that was getting killed by the Browns RB.  LaFluer gets Dishonorable mention for absolutely idiotic play calls in the 4th quarter which single handedly killed drives, IT's like they were having a race to see who would be the dumbest coach on the field,
Skip on undisputed. Np call on interception. Won't talk about the last 3.  Blame Beckham Jr
Alex Kemp is awful terrible officiating
Browns head coach needs to get fired for his decisions. Why throw? Mayfield had 3 picks in the first half and Chubb was untouchable. Makes no sense.
I'm not even a Browns fan and I got upset at how their offense was handled at the end of the game.  You see your QB has been struggling ALL game, you're at midfield and have all your timeouts.  Just keep feeding Chubb until you absolutely HAD to throw it...
Baker threw 4 picks this game and Rodgers threw 4 picks this season 😢
Can't wait till Monday to hear Shannon tell Skip Baker isn't that guy. Then Skip will talk about 11 games Baker played last year. Shay will tell Skip what have you done for me lately. Then call Baker Stir Fry😂😂😂😂
They cheated the Browns by not throwing a flag on that last Brown possession. They cheated to make sure Aaron Rodgers win. Browns had this game if they would of threw down that flag. They won by cheating.
The NFL is fixed. Just look what happened to the Browns with no pass interference. Would have been called if on the Browns
I'm waiting for Undispiduted on Monday can't wait for it to be OBJs fault Mr Skip Bayless... (Baker is average)
Baker was spreading the wealth with interceptions for the entire Packers secondary ahahah.
Of course nfl gonna make two rigged games in same week first rams Seahawks now this . Nfl not gonna let packers lose at home when Rodgers breaks farves record i seen them bs calls and Douglas will be out next year he got scored on whole game
This game was a perfect showcase of what happens when you play with your food
Baker should NOT be a brown next year. This is disgraceful what baker has been doing this year. You can get a better qb than this leading your franchise, Cleveland
The Browns were well on their way to losing when Mayfield accidentally threw an interception to one of his own players resulting in a touchdown that brought them tragically close to a win.
CHUBB NEEDS MORE CARRIES
The Browns had it just bad plays call. Run the ball if they can't stop the runs
"FAKER" MAYFIELD STRIKES AGAIN ! X4
Packers got LUCKY with that one...  They wouldn't have won had it not been for all those Interceptions.  So, that's NOT good for them.
5:29 WTF is going on with the shoe laces ? AHAHAH
To everyone that’s saying “we’ll if the Browns just ran the ball more, they’d be a much better team..” TRUST ME… it’s not that simple.  We had success running this game (and should’ve ran on that last possession), but we have dropped many games this year due to poor adjustments/play calling late in games, the offense and defense not playing consistently well as a unit all year, and a QB that’s not been able to make throws when it counts.  If you’ve watched any other Browns games the past 6-7 weeks, you’d see that many teams have been stuffing our run by packing guys in the box and daring us to throw downfield (which we have been unsuccessful at).  You can run til you’re blue in the face, but it doesn’t matter if your QB can’t close out games!  This Browns team is frustrating because they haven’t been able to put everything together all year, and have dropped many close games because of it.
Browns are lucky packers didn’t put 40 pts on them.  4 ints, that’s a lot.  Packers need to play better or they won’t last long.
I would like to know if what appears on the grass is to say the signals of 2nd 10 for example that is and do it by computer or is reflected in the grass
I thought "replay" in the last 2 minutes was supposed to enforce obvious officiating errors like the holding/pass interference that resulted in the "game saving" interception?
Baker got 4 int’s but only 2 was his fault.
Already over the years one realizes the undervaluation to this that is to say football really leave the soul and compete with values
as usual, they have a better chance of winning if they just give the ball to chubb every play and stop letting numbnuts throw away the games.  Bad qb, bad coach.  Even after 3 picks they still had a chance to win... with 3 timeouts why are you letting your qb throw the game away when you're already at midfield  lol
Funny how Mayfield passed it to the Packers secondary better than he did OBJ...
If this team tom brady everbody says browns vs referee but last post. absolutely pi but greeen bay no foul. Yes AR mvp 😏😏😏
four picks? lol
This dude is one my favorite announcers
the browns is the browns
The Aaron Rodgers special rate:  1st half great, 2nd half disappear.  The Packers are doomed in the playoffs.  Everyone can see it, everyone knows it.  A QB throws 4 INTs and the Pack can't win by more than 2.  The Browns were going to go for it on 4th and 22 and I said, why not punt it?  They will get the ball back, the Packers are glorious at 3 and outs in the 2nd half.
Such a shame that such a great game had to come down to ANOTHER botched ref call...obvious on the last interception that it was pass interference if the refs are watching it and doing their job...(am not a Browns fan either, just saying too much of this nonsense this season in the NFL, like watching FIFA refs of late I find...)
Was that last pick not an obvious PI??? He was holding him down the field
NFL should be embarrassed that 90% of their games are decided by pathetic officiating. The NFL is 1000x worse than Tim Donaghy-- FIX FIX FIX--- Packers and Aaron Rodgers must win at all costs. Pathetic and Disgusting.
Packer player on the 4th int was not down at all by contact.  Wasn't the ball then still alive but decided to celebrate?
Ironic that arguably one of the worst no calls this season involves 2 teams that the last 2 weeks were literally handed wins in expense of my Ravens. The Ravens should’ve won both games if they didn’t get screwed by the refs
"RUSH" at halftime. I love the way the NFL made this a close contest. There's a penalty on every play. "It's a business"..................John Riggins
Aikman still cryin’ ?
Feel bad for Nick Chubb one of the best RB in the game , his big runs are ruined by that trash QB baker mayfield
rigged game if i ever seen one!! why does the NFL hate the browns?
In a world where the referees favor the packers at Home, On Christmas..
Mayfield why u throwin picks bro?
Someone send baker a post card from us Steelers fans
The Packers beat the Browns wow when is the parade, Rodgers has become this arrogant I'm the sh* t qb  . So much arrogance for one ring. Bet any type of money this a hole(Rodgers) won't win another Superbowl.!!!
Man, the way the browns ran through the packers has me pretty concerned for post season. If we give up 7-8 yards per carry, yikes…
Mayfield' throws like he's about to throw a bolo punch. Take Nick Chubb away, Cleveland doesn't even win 6 games
If browns had a better QB they would’ve beaten the packers. With the amount of talent browns have I really hope they fix the issues this is a really talented team that can rival almost anyone.
Adams 4:09 was gonna get a penalty n thought about it🤣
Packers have won two straight that they could have lost. No doubt that Rodgers is going back to the Super Bowl, this whole season has been one big soap opera for him.
I went to this game. If you're a big Packer fan. I would go here at least once in your life. It's a really great experience though the food and drinks are pretty expensive.
Waiting to hear Skip Bayless' excuses for Baker this week....
I’m a browns fan and Baker needs to be benched
The packers O-line looks way much better than Cleveland's O-line.
Baker yet again wastes a Nick Chubb masterclass
If they gave the ball to chubb like the titans give the ball to Henry they would be a whole lot better.
Man this game was rigged
People saying Baker shouldn't get blamed for all 4 ints but it could have easily been more, the Packers defense dropped 2 easy interceptions as well.
I'd take Baker over my q.b. any day of the  week. Browns got robbed. And I was rooting for the Packers.  😆
What about the defensive pass interference that prevented the go-ahead winning field goal!?
When the commentator say "Mayfield Throws"....panic sets in.......Browns gotta run more
Closer than you'd expect
Mayfield has to better. Can't be that reckless
The browns want baker to be a star so bad and it shows 😂 run the ball and stop putting it in his hands he is NOT THAT GUY 😂
Baker 🗑
I believe this was the worst officiating game i have ever watched
After this season, both Stefanski and Mayfield need to be moved. Mayfield has proven to be too much of a liability now and Stefanski's playcalling has gotten utterly abysmal - he's too predictable, calls the wrong plays at the wrong times, and has the ball go to the wrong player at the wrong time. How many times was it obvious that Chubb was gassed and it needed to go to Johnson (who did great), along with calling pass plays when the run was utterly dominating (example: marching down the field, 4 yards away from the goal line, calls a pass WITH NOBODY IN THE BACKFIELD TO EVEN PROVIDE SOME MYSTERY AS TO WHETHER IT WOULD BE PASS OR RUN, Mayfield gets sacked and had to settle for FG)   Stefanksi is more of a liabilty with his playcalling than Mayfield is at QB.   When my uncle can sit in the back of the living room swigging a beer and predict 'going up the middle.' 'He's going to pass underneath.'..... And be right 95% of the time... That means opposing coaches are having a field day every Sunday. The only reason the Browns are competitive is they are incredibly talented. Put Belichick at the helm of this team and I genuinely wonder if they'd have one L yet.
Only 4 teams in AFC are below 500. That's incredible
Landry slide down going into 2nd base, clearing space for the defender, to have an easy pick, the other interception, he jumped about 2 inches making minimal effort, that ball got picked too, the last interception to seal the game, it was 100% pass interference, the defender was clearly holding his jersey, no call,  they wanted to make the game close, browns Cover the spread the billionaires in Vegas make a fortune as usuall, I've been a fan up until 3 years ago, not anymore, I like to watch the game recap to see the rigged plays, you overzealous football fans that think this is real, your suckers and fools, and they use magnetic gloves and magnetized football, to also controll the games, you can say I'm a conspiracy theorist all day, that's your simple minded response,  but I'm totally right, and you sheep need to open your eyes,  nfl football is just like wwe
Refs blew another game favoritism and covid we will not have a true superbowl this year
Refs couldn’t let the packers lose
Love the no face mask call on Baker, thanks Refs+ Let’s stop the running game with less then 2 mins left in game, all your time outs left,and start throwing the ball😂 piss poor coaching decisions on the staff, Better get your act together, Pitt most likely will,Happy New Year to all,🎊🎉🎊
I feel like Baker Mayfield should do another commercial
That's twice this year the Browns have been directly screwed on a pass interference call on the final drive. First it was the receiver grabbing the Browns' DB against the Chargers, and the call went the Chargers' way. Now it was an obvious grab that directly resulted in a turnover against the Packers. I get Mayfield can't throw three previous picks, but if the call is made like it should have been, they at least take the lead with a field goal, if not win the damn thing with another 4th quarter TD.
CHUBB is something special....reminds me of a young Barry Sanders or Emmitt Smith.....using stronger smaller body to punch through tight holes...... Henry is different....pure power......legs....etc..... He's a machine, but sooner or later that contact to contact at high speeds from guys just as big on the DE of things.....will cause his body to deteriorate faster than others.....that's why I was pissed when they tagged him first before the big contract his deserves AND UNLIKE MOST PLAYERS.......HE EARNS 👑👑👑
Cleveland Needs a QB. Baker aimt the answer... He got them out of the basement of the league. But hes not the guy to help them win a championship
Too many interceptions u can't win a game like this
Baker Mayfield actually sucks 4r pic in one game the running game was working good the head coach  are to be blame I can't believe they went out to Green Bay and manhandle Green Bay and the last pass interference on the browns that could have sealed the deal and give the browns the win referee needs to behold accountable in these tight game I don't see them getting penalize put them on the bench let them review play after play and see where their mistakes are I guess they're lawyers they can make mistake LOL. But that's just my view of that game go Tampa Bay bucs
I'm a huge Packers fan but they most definitely didn't play like Super Bowl Champs in this game
Mayfield handed the packers the gabs on a platter m. Have mercy
This sport is poorly officiated. It's hard to watch
Sad to say my eagles had Rasul Douglass and let him go.
Absolutely terrible officiating
Browns should’ve stopped throwing and let Chubb do his this. The Packers didn’t win this game; the Browns lost it.
Watching Baker getting picked off is so satisfying bruh😂, it’s like getting high 🤣🤣🤣
11:48 straight bs clearly grabbed lol
That missed holding call at the end cost the browns
GB has to fix run defense before playoffs. Other than that it was a exciting game. Congrats too AROD. GO PACK GO
I wet the bed on Mondays
I am no particular Baker fan, but I always found the hate to be excessive. However you have to acknowledge his obvious mistakes lately. On the other hand, why do the browns and Stefanski keep putting him in those situations? He looks obviously in discomfort, trips on throws which makes them wobbly and terribly inaccurate. Just get Keenum or any backup in, and run the damn ball. Baker needs to heal, not get exposed while being held together by tape, spit and a prayer!
Absolutely TERRIBLE OFFICIATED GAME BY THE NFL REFS IN FAVOR OF THE PACKERS THE BROWNS OUT PLAYED THE PACKERS AND THE REFS AGAIN HELPS THEM WIN TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE !
Watched the first few minutes of this game.  The Refs seemed to want to gift this game to the Packers by "missing" so many calls, and so we turned it off.
Nobody is gonna say anything ab the last play for the browns that was straight bs he clearly held him even the commentators were like ummm wtf no call???
I watched this game in New York with all of my family on Christmas as an eagles fan including two others and and half of the whole group as Giants fans and Half as Seahawks fans
everytime chubb touches the ball he literally gets 10 yards+
I’m a packers fan but when you watch a game like this and the other qb just keeps throwing picks but you seem to be running g the ball good why even throw it???
Baker played like ass per usual but the browns got robbed here and the refs ruined yet another game. That obvious PI puts the brown right on the edge of field goal range. With 40 seconds left to win it.
Baker made dumb mistakes and costed the game no doubt about it, but going agents the packers, not bad browns.
Troy Aikman sounding like Santa on that one hander by Lazard.
Wholly crap chubb what a show.
Browns
Why not use replay to get all calls right
1:40 is where we started to sock
Yuuuup with a huge homefield advantage the Green bay Packers r goin to the Super Bowl
Skip Bayless going to blame Odell for baker 4 picks
Starting to think the packers are slightly overrated
Why is no one talking about ref decisions at first and last int of baker especially last one is obivious PI its so sad to see
🔥🔥🔥 Baker still blaming OBJ for his failure to get the ball to the receiver?
When he says "here comes Chubb and a nice one" 😭😂😭
I understand it's a really hard job but how is Mayfield a starting QB 🤔👎
Browns should have blown them out, baker Mayfield must be replaced
How'd the defense get a "low block" penalty?
Terrible couching for Browns, Mayfield should have been benched after second INT and they would have won.
Definitely pass interference on Mayfield's last throw. Period!!!!
Climate crisis > football
that was a pi
They forced and coerced the NFL to get vaxxed,  yet too many are still catching COVID, and nobody is saying nothing. WOW! Good for you A-Aron for standing ur ground. Hope u make it to the Super Bowl!
I was at the game. Man baker sucks dude. He is so bad in person
if we the packers didnt have 2 qbs on the field( rodgers & mayfield) wed have lost. those interception lost the game for one and won it for the other. if chubs got the ball more the game would have ended differently. on another note, couldnt they make some sorte safety shoe for rodgers? go packers!!!
Baker Mayfield needs to go work for Progressive insurance full time, too many bad throws behind the receiver leading the receiver, He should be a baseball pitcher. Not a first round pick. With running backs and the offensive line why aren't they running more?
“It’s the best he’s felt since injuring the shoulder” then proceeds to throw 4 picks. Good job Baker. That’s elite QB play right there.
Baker overrated Mayfield smh
And folks point out that the Cowboys are in a slump with three straight wins, holding the Giants to ZERO touchdowns. LOL!   Packers almost get beat by a mediocre Browns team (Chubb is a player!) and it's a triumphant win for Old Man Rodgers.
The call at the end Cost them the playoffs
Packers are vulnerable in a few areas. They really got exposed by the browns.
i cant stand Baker but the last INt was a PI. More People seeing the NFL rigging Games!
Seeing the packers getting smacked by the run game gives me ptsd from the niners nfc championship game 😭😭😭
Browns not getting that "obvious" holding call for Mayfields 4th pick-Officials need sacking!Browns might have got something from Packers which are the benchmark this season!
Sloppy defense but held up gotta stay strong fellas go pack go
Luto
hey at 12:01 - 12:03 there is an huge holding...
Mayfield was the reason they lost. Dude looked his best when he's was handing the ball off
Browns might couldn't won to many interceptions 🧢🧢🧢😲😲😲😲
Clearly rigged, two bad calls at the end of the fourth quarter, when the Browns were coming back
GB...attacco vario e devastante....difesa dominante e granitica...special team solido e continuo
Baker Mayhem.
For me...at today....now....aaron mvp in the season...GB win SB and aaron ..mvp in the SB.....in this time
If your team gets to the two minute needing a field goal and you just know it won’t happen, your QB needs to go.
Come on browns where robbed by the NFL. That 4th pick was definitely pass interference before he was picked it  . And would of put them in field goal range.  But NFL be the NFL
All they had to do was run the damn ball. baker had thrown 3 int's already so what do you do put it back in his hands and he gets #4 don't care about PI stop trying to be cute and run the ball.
I want to hear what skip bayliss has to say about Baker Mayfields performance now that OBJ is nowhere to be found
I don’t watch much Browns football, but it seems like Baker playing hurt isn’t good for him or the team…
Drop baker like a sack of rocks.
Baker doesn't get enough credit for how smooth his handoffs and PA's are, he's a big underrated part of why the RB's get the success they do, but again Rodgers is proving why he's MVP.
OBJ couldnt play with Mayfield
Baker is cooked. I think his future is in doubt.
11:00 the chubby Packer fan pulling him off the  fence 😂😂😂
MAYFIELD will never be a QB
Soooo nobody saw that interference at the end huh
More games poorly orchestrated, calls that lean toward one team and some bad mojo!  Seems Pro ball is becoming more street ball.
Brown’s running backs are beasts got screwed at the end also 4 picks still kept it close
Let's go Packers
As a Steelers fan i never thought the Browns would be 7-8 after 15 games.This helps the Steelers some but got to beat KC today
That grab was not even close to effecting that play. Stop it ppl
Browns running game is elite.. their passing game is where they struggle
Baker is just a low IQ inept boy. Go Ravens!
The 4th picked was tipped at the line so no pi
Someone said the Browns logo looks like a rabbit with a walker and now I cant unsee it.
Packers need to study this fr we can't have run D like this In them playoffs home or on the road
It's an outrage Beating The Browns by 1 point at home . It is all telling That another Lombardi Trophy is a pipe dream at This point This defense in a 3 -4 is The problem but Joe Barry stinks of Pride.
Baker needs to get paid.
What a story for Douglas!!!!!!!!!!!!!
https://youtu.be/rHhieYC77X4
This amount of luck packers have,  will be lost when they will need it the most, in playoffs
Can't wait to see skip bayless protect Baker
They should just replace Mayfield with a trash can each time they show him on the screen.
Dang the browns got robbed on that pass interference NO CALL at the end. They would have been set up or close enough for a field goal SMH
Baker Mayfield needs to get his throws off faster...he takes a world of time so defenders have time to read him!
Shannon bouta roast the hell outta Skip on Monday about Baker he's not that guy Skip I can hear it now Lol!!
MVP Aaron Rodgers put more his hand on that trophy after breaking Favre record and close win against a average QB but really dangerous team… back to back for that baaaaaaaaaaad man.
Mayfield need give the ball to the runners, he cant throw the damn ball, try always be the hero but you ain't that good buddy he loss this game with the last position 😂
🧀
Awesome battle by both teams, but the no-call in the end was the difference between who won and lost.
Go Cowboys!
Did you guys actually watch the game. The 1st interception should had been a free play for Baker BUT the refs missed the obvious penalty. The last interception was clearly because the receiver was held and again no call ....Get the last call correct and Browns win.
Browns 4 turnovers and lose by 2. Not a
Clear hold 🤣
Refs helped the Packers and cheated Cleveland last night. And every single Packers fan who watched the game in live tv last night knows this. The false start call against CLE was in fact a neutral zone infraction by the D, they got away with pulling the facemasks of both Chubb and Mayfield, and the no call of that clear and obvious pass interference on the browns last drive cost them the game. If you are a real Packers fan and actually watched the game then no doubt you saw these things and will at least admit it happened. Those penalties alone that weren't called on them would have costed them upwards of 50 yards if called. Not a fan of either team, but even I saw this bs.
Green Bay need to resign Rodgers for 3 years his talent is unmatched.
Baker the Westbrook of the NFL.
Baker trash
Can the browns just ask Mayfield to just hand off the ball and never throw?😂
The last interception should bee a safety, he dindt get touch and run in the own endzone or im wrong
Browns coaches deserved to lose for the way they handled that last drive. At least three interceptions already, they can't stop your running game, and all you need is a fieldgoal - so of course you keep calling passes until you turn it over one way or another...
Robbed and rigged for Rodgers to win it all
The refs clearly had a favorite team. The called a false start on Cleveland when it was a neutral zone infraction, missed 2 facemask penalties, holding calls, and didn't call a pass interference that cost Cleveland the game. Packers should have lost. Rigged.
Nick Chubb is arguably the best back in the league.
11:53, not touched. Is that down?  (UK)
after hearing all week about how the seahawks got robbed by no PI flag, I'm waiting to see what the reaction is about the end of game interception 29 made contact way beyond five yards and then held #11 before taking the ball away. No flag.
On that last interception: Was Douglas ever down by contact? Then he ran back towards his own end (highlights don't show how far back he ran) . Browns should have tackled him in the end-zone. 😉
I can't believe Mayfield in the browns should have won this game it was there for them to take and they couldn't take it
the browns are so good at run blocking but HORRID at pass blocking
Terrible game for Baker. But wow what a terrible blown call at the end. NFL refs are trash.
The Browns should have just ran it on almost every play... the Packers had no answer.
Baker is so banged up, that harness on his left shoulder is so noticeable
Cleveland just looked scared out there besides Chubb. Green Bay looked so comfortable and relaxed.
4 INTs for Baker and still would've gone to OT if they made their extra points.
It’s so funny how when they actually Play Rashard Higgins he leads the team in receptions! No dropped passes. Caught everything thrown his way! But the browns treat him like dirt, list him as inactive for weeks for no reason at all! I really hope he leaves and go to a new team that actually appreciates him next season! Plus, Baker is trash how many chances y’all gonna give him bruh. 4 Int???? Lets be foreal.
4 interceptions costed this game
I clicked on this video simply to say Shannon sharp is about to dog walk baker mayfield in a few hours
Rodgers can celebrate his 4int for the year. Brady already done that lol.  And he can have his fancy stats.  End of the day .it's about the ring. That's all they play for. So keep your MVP trophy. We will take the Lombardi
Baker sucks
Browns got robbed at the end.. and am not even a Browns fan
Rodgers was masterful and all these dude keep talking about the Browns running game 🤦🏽‍♂️
Hard loss for the dog pound.  Clearly there was pass interference!
Buster Mayfield
We put way too much faith in baker smh he jus isn’t ready for that pressure needs to sit back learn lil more
They actually had a chance to beat the Packers
I call for the official no call on the last minute bull packy🤪
Adams,Jones,Lazard,Rogers Captain impact.I hope in the playoffs every fall.Get Packers,a Hungaryan fan.
Baker is not elite
AVERAGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Why the Browns want to pass the ball. Run the ball.
If the browns just kept running the football they would've won. We couldn't do anything to stop their run. Fortunately they wanted to put the game in Mayfield's hands too often and the rest is history.
Browns  - Our run game is working  ,, let's abandon it !! PATHETIC
What a pickem game, Baker is just awful and Aaron is just a complete arse.
Baker is an Andy dalton in training. Great athlete,  unable to deliver the win
Brown’s offensive linemen didn’t help Baker and refs as usual not calling the obvious
Horrible and I mean disastrous last drive game management by Kevin stefanski! If your running game is what kept the game close in the first place, why didn’t you CONTINUE with the run game with chubb when it mattered MOST?!!’ Not a Cleveland fan but my goodness what in the world was stefanski thinking?! You have all three TO… use one to get chubb implemented into the game plan, hit him with another screen or toss and let that man EAT!!! The browns will always let their fans down because of obvious situations.
Baker Soo 🗑🚮
This game, and the last game @ Ravens,   and multiple other games in the past 3 years - when we played awful, we used to just lose those games.  Now we consistently squeeze out an ugly win.  I don't know,  but seems like too much of a coincidence to say it's all luck and Lafleur had nothing to do with it.
With a couple fewer interceptions on Mayfield's side this would have been a really tight game!
No matter how annoying Buck and Aikman are, i got massive goosebumps when Buck yelled touchdown for the record breaker
What is significant about 443 for Rodgers ?? If most passing TD's in a career , with only 1 Superbowl victory , then Rodgers is still not a all time top 10 QB in my eyes. It's about leadership and all his disgruntleness of late is more disruptive to how leadership needs to be applied at the professional level
Never felt more disappointed about a win.
Aaron is the mvp.. most vaccinated person lmao
the refs made sure the packers didn't lose home field advantage 😂😂
Merry Christmas Baker Mayfield 4 interceptions!!! 😁
Damn the ref be cheating Sad
Rodgers playing like he's 25 wow this is a fun season
Out of the 4 interceptions: 2 were pass interference which were so obvious that even the play by play guys couldn’t ignore them. 1 was Landry sliding and falling a split second before the ball arrived. 1 was on Mayfield. Packers couldn’t stop the Browns. Only the Browns with a little help from the usual bad umpiring lost the game.
Soccer got the new var system to not let refs decide the outcome of games. NFL let´s Ref be bought for cash. And Aaron needs it. He just laughs about it. The basic Packers way of winning.
Refs was in the giving spirit and gave the game to the packers!! Let them get away with penalty after penalty! Playing the Packers and the Refs = a loss!!
Damn home field advantage 🤦‍♂️ browns not getting them obvious penalties cost them the game. Also should of run the ball more that last series and the whole game.
Watch Skip "defend" the 4 picks that Baker threw on Monday..I must be honest 2 out 4 are out of his hands..the one were the receiver slipped and the last one was a PI..but those other 2 are on Baker
They’re just running Chubb into the ground to hide Fraudfield who couldn’t even win with a stacked team.
Pretty sure that the refs did some Lambo Leaps in the packers stands after not calling PI on that last interception.
Chubbs just running over people.
Poor Nick Chubb.  Such a baller.
Baker parece que está jogando Madden !
Ref don't see 🙈 that? Damn
I don't like football. I had to comment though because my favorite thing I've learned after living in Wisconsin for atleast a decade now is how die hard fans of the packers are. The only thing more astounding is being anywhere during a packer game, surrounded by packer fans, and hearing from them constantly during the game how much the packers suck, even when they're winning. They could win 100-0 and packers fans would be complaining about how much they suck. It's absolutely perplexing. I'm a die hard brewers fan, I will never say they brewers suck, even to the most frequent contrary
Man baker turnover should not had 4 int at least 2 of those were P.I and you know  it packer fans i don't even like or care for the browns but im just saying yall got lucky walking away with a win ... without the INTs this could have been a blow out by browns  Clearly the football gods spoke and said no way will browns beat cheese... game is so rigged can't wait till a whistleblower comes out.. call me crazy idc.
Baker is clearly below average and stopping the Browns from going anywhere, but everyone blames everything else but him!
Single covering Adam's is disrespectful lol
Poor Judgement when Mayfield throws
Baker was picked 4 times omg (and almost 5 btw)
Aikman "there a good football team when they are healthy" Same with any team.
I'm a charger fan can we please have chubb gawd damn hes a beast
Refs won
Ngl two of Bakers picks were PI on Rasul Douglas.  And, I'm a DIE HARD Ravens fan.  #NO CAP GUN
Doesn't seem fair to play against a team with 2 QBs, i mean Baker was throwing some sweet passes to Packers
I'm not a big Browns fan but watching them throw 4 interceptions is frustrating. Chubbs ran with heart, not trying to be disrespectful but Chubbs deserves a better QB. I dont know the last time (if ever) I watched 4 interceptions in 1 game from the same QB
A very very nice Play Green Bay yesterday on Christmas 💚💚💛💛
Rodger's 443th TD game ball is more valuable than Brady's 700th TD game ball.
Baker "Kirk Cousins" Mayfield showed up today.
Baker needs to be banned from throwing. 😂 Either that or direct snap it to Chubb every time hehe.
Another win for the Green Bay Peckers and the Referees.
I honestly don’t get the Packers as a Ravens fan... are you guys good or not? Ravens lost because of one bad 2 point conversion read but we had are practice squad corners and safeties out there and a backup QB (he’s good I know) but y’all should of blown us out of the water. The browns are in the last place of the AFC north and very easily could have won that game even throwing THREE picks?!?? I don’t get y’all but hey if your in the super bowl I’m cheering (expect ravens somehow get there 😂)
Man Mayfield looked good even with the 4 turnovers.. man Cleveland could have wrecked Greenbay if not for the 4 INTs
How fitting 444 touchdowns for Rodgers, to Davante Adams…  Meanwhile Baker is trying to lose his job, with another pick, stop just throwing the ball up man! And this was the #1 pick… Smh. Got Baker on the spotlight on Christmas Day, the why we will be getting rid of him.  And they still let this man throw the ball, don’t they know they’re a running team. Chubb’s team not Baker’s… Let play a game, known as who made the call..
Davante and Rodgers played a helluva game!!!
After that week 7 game against the broncos. O thought d'ernest Johnson was probably a fluke, but this game has changed that perception.  Man's change of pace is heavenly.
After the interception from GB the safety/corner just slid with no contact. I didn’t hear a whistle blow either. Something isn’t right😏
Skip bayless stop making excuses for Baker,his favorite dish is the apple turnover
GO PACK GO!!!!
I’m sure Madden would have loved to commentate on this game. Miss that voice on Sundays.
Tough for the Browns to beat the Packers and the Refs.. Could the Refs make it anymore obvious?? YIKES!!
mayfield is too weak he’s scared to get hit and just throws anything # facts
Just play for a field goal at the end instead Baker plays a 50-50 hail mary, I know the Browns were are a losing team before him, but he still loses games for us too.
Idk why browns keep trying to throw the ball when Chubb is a running machine
The refs in this game just plain suck! Worst non call of holding I’ve seen in the NFL!!😡😡😡
A lot of good those vaccine mandates did for the NFL.
Chubb should go to a real team
The Browns defense played good enough to win. Hard to win when you turn the ball over 4x though.
I wonder what the game would have looked like without the first three interceptions, the forth one was an obvious defensive penalty that G B got away with.....
Nick Chubb and D Henry are the best RB's in the league. Dalvin Cook is right up there with them, and CMC. The Browns have hogs up front just moving grown men off the LOS. If Baker could stop with the TO's this team should have 10 wins by now at least. Browns fans do you think Baker is still the QB of the future?
Imagine how bad the Browns would have beaten the Packers had the refs done their jobs?  They ignored so many penalties against Green Bay that Fox Sports stopped showing the replays near the end of the first half, and Troy Aikman made the comment that "they must not think Santa is watching this particular game?"  The NFL can't have the best team in the NFC losing at home thanks to their own constant penalties, against the Cleveland Browns no less, in a game where Aaron Rodgers breaks the Packers all-time touchdown pass record. So tired of the NFL using the officials to manipulate games. The egregiously bad no calls in this game proves they manipulate games.
of course the packers get away with a gane changing call
Why did they pass..... When they should have ran the damn ball?..... Brown are hard headed
I keep hearing about the grab from Douglas but nobody is talking about the push off from Peoples. I bet the ref saw both and just let it go because they both committed penalties on that play.
Aaron Jones with the sick block and Hustle 😎😎😎 4:04
Browns should’ve kept running the ball 🤦‍♂️
Officials gifting some clear PI interceptions for packers. Bout time they get some love from the officials. Not like they get them almost every game 🤭🤭
Its thoroughly entertaining watching Baker blow games. He's so good at it.
Its a fix
Packers need to finish better than this.. if they gonna meet the Bucks…
Packers are a bunch of punces. Overrated in the extreme. Barrie Rodgers is a total human enigma. Always has cracked under duress and is likely to do it again. Chubb was easily THE standout here a runaway MVP. Had Mayfield not thrown 3-4 takeaways, Cleveland stomps on the punces.
No audio 😑
Baker really hurts his team
Hey mf’s if you wanna complain about refs every game go watch a different sport. Teams don’t lose cause of refs they should never be in the position in the first place for one “missed call” to cost the game if they are a good enough team.
I am not a fan of neither one of the teams that I will mention. This is picking side and refs are picking side and deciding the games. Not calling the hold on the last play of Cleveland before the last interception, passing in the frowns on Rams number five against Seahawks is another example. Then you look at the Cowboys games and last second calls against their defense have been called multiple times. It is just confusing.
Bad performance by Mayfield, but that was a big ref mistake when he is picked for the 4th.
Douglass is the corner we needed 3 years ago he's clutch
Man now I see why people were picking the browns to win the Super Bowl, team was great against #1 team in the nfl with like 10 starters out and then I also see why people said no way b/c look at who they have at QB 🤦🏾‍♂️
Is the NFL Not a disgusting bunch of crooks. They really do everything to keep Rodgers happy!
Oooooh referies 😱
The packers cheated on the hold and interception. Refs need to get better at catching those.
Browns stolen game by reffs
Packers swept the AFC North and NFC West. Cry harder about the refs. I don’t care, your team and conference got swept.
Anyone wanna tell me Baker Mayfield isnt trash? He isnt the guy Cleveland need or want. Trade for Lawrence, Goff or anyone to be honest
You know it's bad when the suck ass anouchers even calling it that was mist disgusting fkn no call I have ever seen that corner covering people's is a bum as pos literally praising this loser who had grab all came pos
Green Bay will win SB.
Rodgers: I want 80 million per season. Future NFL Team: Done
Mayfield is trash! Putting the game on his arm isn’t doing the Browns organization any favors. Chubb should get high 20 to mid 30’s Carrie’s in this stage of the season. All Mayfield is going to do is screw things up. That dude doesn’t have the IT factor.
The AFC north is going to see some QB changes. Ben is done. Lemar is injury prone. And I don't think Baker is the future in Cleveland. If I'm the Browns I'm looking into a replacement.
The NFL is clearly scripted funny how the Packers win every close game by getting away with something
Packers still ain’t doing nothing this year lol
AFC North… a lot different of a year when you aren’t playing the NFC East….
Not a pack fan or a brown fan but that was a clear PI on rasoul Douglas
Browns handed this game to the packers
Browns got robbed on this one. Baker made a couple bad decisions, but still. Packers got away with one.
GB was gifted this win
4 ints and the Packers win only 22-24
Mayfield  sucks at running and too many bad throws that cost the game
Idk why everyone says Tom Brady is the best qb I genuinely think it’s A Rod
Don’t give a damn about that holding call because that was 100% a catch and New York knows it
Mayfield sucks but he needs better blockers
the ending was rigged
Baker out here playing backyard football,the guy stinks.
What where the refs smoking before this game and someone go checks there pockets
Congratulations to Rodgers for his 443 TD pass, tops in Greenbay Packer`s History.
5:25 the way Rodgers got shoved 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Browns are 9-6 if they run the ball a total of maybe 10 more times the last 2 games. As a Raider fan who watched the past 2 games of the Browns, I can not understand why they got away from the run game. Baker should not be throwing 35 times in ANY game
Not mak8ng excuses but that hold leading to a INT was an agregious non call. Baker throws it to the other team enough butvthis one should have been called back
Cheeeeeeese! Another close win. 🤠🤪
ODB wasnt the problem
You can clearly see just how well Joe Rogan did in this game.
4 picks lmao Colin will have a field day
Baker tonight = 🎁🎁🎁🎁
How on earth you don't call that grab!
Hate to see an important game decided by (another) penalty that is not called.  Browns were threatening, there's blatant pass interference uncalled, that is what decided this game in the last minute.
Last Brown drive THREE INTERCEPTIONS LATER, take a breather Chubb.
Damn I was hoping y’all would beat Aaron so my team can take the #1 nfc seed
As a packers fan, I consider this game a loss. The reffs really did give them this game. I want my team to win. But I'd rather have a fairly called loss than a bullshit win like this.
baker baking some interceptions.
This is Odell’s fault.
Did not think this would be a close game….respect to the Browns …. They played a hell of a game….besides the turnovers 😳
He could have went to Jarvis
Can’t wait to hear what Shannon Sharpe gonna say about Baker on Monday lol
Browns do better hand off runs than our MN Vikings ever will
If the Browns don't move on from Mayfield next year they're dumb
Telling yall it's dallas greenbay championship game . Old coach vs qb .redemption for dallas 1st to call it
Dallas run the ball control the clock
Dallas McCarthy team watch this film. We need to make Rodgers move
Packers owns the AFC North 4-0
what's with the emblem on the browns?
Anybody could see that was a pass interference, the referee should be fined for that noncall
browns should have just run run run run the ball...they were having great success....coaching...smh
good job beating a shitty browns team by 2 points aaron, im sure you'll go far in the playoffs like you always do this year...
SERIOUSLY STOP PUTTING THE WINNER ON THE THUMBNAIL !!! YOU SPOIL EVERY GAME THAT WAY !!!!!!
Making his NFL debut and pushing the extra point wide right lol
And Odell Beckham was the problem in Cleveland....????
The lambeau effect! When will the NFL stop giving the Packers help from the refs... Dez caught it...
It's all rigged for Rodgers to win it all
I really liked how the refs let them boys play. That was real football. What a game for Christmas.
A win is a win, but I’m not celebrating over here.  The AFC North is a tough division, the Browns had plenty to play for as well, but seriously… the Run Defense is so bad, and they’ve got Cook next weekend.  The the Cleveland fans, bad calls suck and it happens to every team, but you still hate to see it.  I hope the Browns make it to the Playoffs.  Your run game is awesome!
I Dont get it when players from other teams come to philadelphia eagles they stink and when they leave philly they do great elsewhere . Take example rasul Douglas and asante samuel.  Samuel stunk in philly did great with patriots .Rasul Douglas stunk in philly is doing great in green bay lol
It must be nice in the last minute. Of the game for the packers to get away with cheating because that is the only thing that saved their sorry ass
Mayfield snatched defeat from the jaws of victory again
stefanic needs to be HC, leave playcalling to someone competent--O coordinator!
So much to learn from this game. This is what the Packers needed. They were humbled. By the way, majority of browns O coaches are X Packers
If my Packers gonna advance, they gonna have to fix that run D.
Jesus that non call at the end is absolutely horrific but  Aaron Rogers has benefitted from the refs his entire career they couldn't let him lose to the browns 😂
tremendous wasted talent--browns.  the old browns teams were the opposite--always found some way to win.  running game shredded packer D, they lose b/c of 4 piks, missed pat.  pack should give stefanic a game ball!  (as long as they have one for 'officials')
Terrible refreeing once again...
Baker Baker Green Bay Playmaker!
No holding call . Both were fighting the whole possession he let him go after right after that terrible route . Not to mention Baker 3 picks still smh
The Brown can mess around and have another Johnny MoreBucks situation on their hands.
Wears his cap backwards.
11:00 why is that Packers fan congratulating the opponent?
If the Browns just had another good WR alongside Landry they'd be a good team... LOL
Damn man the packers have some great receivers......on the defense😂
We put up a good fight, but came in short. With so many players out, I didnt expect that.
They fear the "Bad Man" that's why they kept trying to force the ball for quick score otherwise if they stuck with Chubb   would be no pick and possibly a win. Packers fan here!!! 🧀🧀🧀🧀
We need to stop the run. (Packers fan) the secondary bailed us out and Rodgers is playing really well with a broken toe and Mason Crosby is having a down year  also Davante Adams is doing what he does. We just need to stop the run again. Honestly we should be max 14-1 or 13-2 if things would’ve been different but I’m still very happy how Green Bay fights and finishes. Only thing is just stop the run and fix the special teams.
Piss on the packers and rodgers !!
Another close win for the Packers.  Ain't like how poor defense from the Packers I've been seeing in the last couple game.
Oh look the slackers are getting all the calls again. What a surprise…
🟧🧂🟫
Baker mayfield is a certified Hall of Fame QB
The Browns almost beat the Packers, even when Faker Mayfield throws 4 Interceptions…… I am not impressed with the packers. The refs protected the Packers by not calling pass interfere calls.  If the idiot coach of the Browns would have run Chubb on the final drive, the browns would have won. Terrible coaching cost this game of the browns.  Plus Faker is no better than an average backup QB.  He needs to get dumped and then just make a career making Progressive TV commercials.   Dump Faker.
Mayfield played better second half........they need to run the ball....period tho
Damn. That 50 yard pick by Mayfield was a shame. It was placed fcking perfect for the WR(the People vs Jones)& should have been caught... Didnt say it was a smart throw tho!
officiating sucks this year .  same in the colts vs cardinals game today
Salty Joe Buck lol love to see it
Packers are good.  That's not my team. Since my team never makes the playoffs.  I root for Rodgers Packers. But just like the past few years. The won't go to the Superbowl.  Aaron has to do too much to keep a blown up play alive.
I like Mayfield, he's got good energy and a drive to win. However he is not elite, not in the relm of Brady, Rodgers or Mahoms and thats what ultimately keeps the Browns an average team.
Of course the NFL wouldn't allow Rodgers to lose lol. All part of the script for him to win it all
Mayfield is terrible
hmm should Rodgers retire so that he doesnt pass 100 career interceptions?
Why is Baker throwing the ball that much???
Santa Claus: "Damn I'm putting Baker on the payroll next year.  He enjoys handing out presents on Christmas Day."
Too many bad calls- pass interference on Browns missed and Seahawks were hurt by the same in last game
Joe buck been around to long....got to go
Leave it up to baker mayfield to throw a game 😂. 3 piccs in the first half is something a fan could do if u put em @ quarterbacc
The roller coaster for qbs is ridiculous. The one the media creates. I believe that this game will be blown out of proportion by the media. Stefanski game plan was elementary and when u avg 10 a carry you think that they should have stuck to that from the getgo
As a neutral fan , the Browns got robbed by that non call pass interference. Refs suck again !
That Aaron Rodgers and Davante Adams duo is too elite🐐💯
Yeah Baker gotta go even if he play good rest of the season
Pass interference not called ... Normal on 2021 ... Stolen game by the refs and a win for greenbay..... Football is going to trash 😓
Packers have lost enough games due to the refs. I think it's safe to say that the refs blows calls every week, in every game. Packers were just better this week!
PI in the first interception, facemask on the sack on the 20 and then the 2nd interception, the 3rd interception his receiver fell down and the 4 INT was a grab that was not. The refs did not call a fair game for the Browns at all. Mayfield played his hart out tonight.
If Mayfield was black, a lot of you would NOT deflect by talking about the browns good running game. He (mayfield) 😩😳obviously sucks. And without a running game they would be the same ole browns. Also using Mayfield and Rogers in the same sentence should come with a federal fine.
That game was 100% stolen by the no-call Hold....The Refs absolutely stole that game for the Packers. That was a BLATANT hold and interference.
I saw the hold but also saw the pushoff....so..... *Shrug*.   I could argue pi on that play for deguara
Wow browns got robbed
I can't believe the Packers almost blew a 12 point lead. You almost let them win Packers. Come on! I'm glad we won and Aaron's record setting day wasn't spoiled with a loss. Someone had to lose though, especially on Christmas. Sorry Browns fans and Cardinals fans. We have a nice 2 game lead on Arizona, Tampa, & Dallas. Let's get that #1 seed. GO PACK GO!!! Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas even if your team lost. The browns almost won even though Baker threw 4 interceptions. I don't see how there wasn't a flag on that last pick. We got lucky i guess. Does anyone else get annoyed when every Packers game seems to have Joe & Troy in the booth. Can't the NFL get anyone else to call Packers games. I'm not a fan of Joe Buck. The announcers for every Packers need to shut up already about Rodgers' toe. It's getting annoying and it's clearly not affecting him, except today, but just a little. These announcers seem to have a foot fetish with Rodgers. Please talk about something else. First it was his decision to not get vaccinated, now it's the toe. His body, his choice people. You DON"T HAVE TO GET THE SHOT!!!
Imagine signing baker mayfield 🤡
I never thought Rodgers would find someone that could rival his connection with Jordy Nelson but Davante Adams has done just that. Pretty impressive on both sides. Truly dominant.
The browns should run the ball on every down
I actually think  baker didn't do to bad , 2 of the 4 int was not really his fault but he's so injured beyond belief that I think he's forcing the ball to throw browns should've won this game but oh well
as a Chargers fan im happy when any team who is in the hunt lose
Devante Adams and Derek Carr will look good in that Silver and Black
Baker is the Oprah of interceptions.  "You get a pick, you get a pick, EVERYBODY GETS A PICK!" Did I miss anyone?
My gosh almost jumped to the one seed 🤦🏽‍♂️
May the Browns never win a Super Bowl.
I feel bad for Chubb and the offensive linemen, those guys are moving mountains and Chubb and all the RBs are doing their thing and Baker is throwing INTs like it’s going out is style
Packers Wrs got Hands😭
Is there a mandate that says that 70% or more of a team's plays have to be passes, even if the running game is working? 4 interceptions: receiver doesn't turn around, pass too high, receiver falls down and obvious interference! Good game! Nuff Said!
Browns just like the cowboys. Run the ball and let your defense be good they win. But they want there qbs to be peyton manning 💀
That one handed catch by Lazard & his celebration was 🥶
Wow.  The Browns could have won that game.  And that will go on Mayfield's record as an INT.
Joe Buck is really in love with the packers, wow, you can tell how excited he gets when he calls their plays.
NFL refs, handed the game to the packers. PI *needs to be challengable!*
The Greenbay Referees are the best team in the league and are unstoppable!
If Chubb had 3.5 even 4.0 speed he'd dominate this game for years to come. That's my only takeaway from his game is that he doesn't have breakaway speed I HATE that about him bc honestly I just wanna see him break it wide open when he's in the open field but he's still a PHENOMENAL RB can't deny that at all.
Devante Adam’s was dropping passes Cooper Kupp would make with his eyes closed
How was this game this close?!? Did the Packs play totally horrible? Didnt catch the game but this HL makes them look pretty bad when you think that Mayfield threw 4picks and if Browns wouldve just run the ball the whole game what would it been?!? Wow.
Mayfield lost them the game, with those interceptions gone, Browns probably win
Granted hes credited with 4.. 3 of those INT weren't his fault lol. Only the 2nd one was a bad ball. Missed calls on penalties happened on #1 and #4 and the WR slipped on #3
Not sure why they coach decided to showcase the hurt arm of mayfield while they have a double headed monster in the back field. Run game was moving the pile and the ball.
I would have handed that bottle to chubb or Johnson every play, RUN THE DAMN BALL PACKERS COUODNT STOP IT
Four picks.  Ugh.
Not a fan of either team. Browns won because of the poor missed call of pass interference/holding. BULLSHIT
Terrible officiating once again
12:06 I find it interesting that not only is Aaron Rodgers not suspended for the rest of the season( to be clear: for lying, breaking protocols, and, most importantly, endangering others around him), the NFL is rewarding him and his team for his bad behavior.
It really sucks seeing a game end on a bad call
Another game baker find a way to loose the game. The blame falls on him and the coaching staff for not running the ball for few more yards to kick the field goal and win the game.
Well I'll be dammed the ball was tipped at line be Campbell
If the browns were to focus even more on the running game, Chubb would eventually get injured and they’d be screwed. I say find a new QB, and Baker can continue making State Farm commercials. Everyone wins
You just don't throw the ball down the field without thinking whose hands it suppose to land into, control it while it's in flight and calculate speed of your throw and distance of your peer. And to the receiver speed up and twist your body to the right to make the play and move your opponent in front of you to distract if you see you're not going to catch it. 1:38
...I get so tired of hearing Buck say the same thing week after week, the same way---- "Pass...is... caught"  Mix it up some dude !
No one throws the ball like rogers
I’d think more of Rodgers if he wasn’t such a detestable human being.
I wish the pack was %100... Nobody would be safe.  No B O D Y!
Baker Interceptionfield
Well, Baker won't get the big contract. In fact, there might be a good chance he won't even be a Brown next season. Time the for Browns to just bite the bullet and get a proven qb and either let Baker sit behind them or shuffle him off for draft picks. I know he helped take them to the playoffs but their running game was a big reason. He is just too consistently inconsistent (if that makes sense).
Packers aren't looking to strong against these tuffer teams I think if he has to face Brady might be another sad year for aaron
So the key to beating the packers is to run the damn ball. Take note of that whoever faces them in the playoffs.
Peoples-Jones initiated the contact and then we he comes out of the route he pushes of so i say good no call
Drew brees would be a better option at QB than Baker Mayfield
Sorry ass refs 😂
The packers only won because of that missed call.
Mayfield is just awful.  Smh
Baker was Santa this year handing out turnovers
Chubb may very well be the best in the league.
Browns shot themselves in the foot in this game. Clearly they have a good running game why not jus run instead off letting baker throw int.  But the last int a holding call against the defense was suppose to be called. One of many decision that went in favour of the Packers 👀
They keep saying Green Bay is clearly playing at another level than the rest of NFC, 🤦‍♂️ They barely win every week! The COWBOYS ARE GONNA KNOCK THEM OUT EASILY! It’s rarely the number 1 seed that goes all the way! Dak and McCarthy are gonna get revenge on this team, but I think Tampa Bay will knock them out first! Cleveland sucks!
The refs suck..
Last pick the ball was tipped sooo no PI
Cmon Baker 😔 shoulda just had Chubb run it in for the last play or a field goal but you wanna throw picks instead
Wow! The refs won another one for green bay. An obvious hold, omg if that was Rodgers throwing, it would've been pass interference.
Kudos to the Browns for keeping up with a great team in Green Bay.
Watching Baker throw a football is painful.  I don't know if his litany of injuries is in play or he's just got the most unathletic and laborious throwing style in league history.
Green Bay has been so lucky the last two games I don’t think they are in beatable
Refs cheated for the packers and the game is rigged the packers are not that good and will be one and done
Best options for the browns is to try and get a solid backup QB for him this off-season
Merry Chubb day guys
Browns Def held Packers to 3 points in second half. Baker had everything he needed to win this game and failed.
As a Bills fan, I would like to thank the Browns for two things:  Drafting Baker "The Candlestick Maker" Mayfield instead of Josh Allen   and  not running the ball 35 times this game;  the Packys could not stop the Chubb.
Packer's defense is soft. They need to garnet more pressure and tighten their secondary
Refs worked hard to keep the game below the spread and a Packers win! Great job guys, we know Browns aren’t in the script to be playoff contenders and Packers will have a deep playoff run.   Tune in next week to see how it all unfolds!
Green Bay fan here, and obviously I’m going to be biased, but that was one of the poorest officiating jobs I’ve seen in a long time. Those refs missed so many blatant pass interference calls; the non call on Douglas was big for sure, and it (probably) cost Cleveland a win, but the refs just didn’t call pi on anybody. That nice Lazard one handed catch was only one handed because his other arm was being held. I hate to see games where the refs do the “let them play” thing because it usually costs GB. Douglas with a bad hold that got him a pick? Sounds similar to what happened to Lazard in the nfc championship last year. A foul is a foul is a foul; have to call them.
You can have your scrambling, td running qbs...  Rodgers IS the example of a REAL quarterback and always will be.
NFL refs need to start getting fined for these mistakes
Should've called that...that many turnovers doesn't help tho
Re: that last pick. When there's a defensive INT and the defensive back touches their knee even without contact, is that a dead ball? Cause no one touched him when he went down.
How will Skip defend Baker this time?🤣
Plenty of things to like with the Browns(weird to say) but that passing is sloppy, I can't help but think so much of it is because the QB is under pressure *way* too much.
I'm so sick of watching the Packers win these close games against teams who's coaches can't call fundamental play's!!! Kick field goals and extra points!!! Despite the NO call DPI and the ref's help towards the packers Browns should have won this game just like the Ravens should have last week. Packers are WAY overdue for a loss...It will come there 1st post season game.
Serious question here.  Does anyone know when Stefanski had his male parts removed?  Being a eunich wasn't such a bad way to get ahead in the Han Imperial Court, but it's no way to coach a football team.  No matter how unbelieveably ridiculous a call or no call has been this year, and there have been so many, he has no reaction.  His players are screaming, and rightfully so, and he absolutely refuses to back them up.  He even criticizes them for complaining.  If he was a military commander, one of his own men would frag him.  Browns fans deserve better than this gutless robot.
Odell was not the problem, it is Baker for being over rated, both Odell and Baker were over hype. Clearly baker was not living his expectation. He is an ordinary QB, nothing exemptional. If Browns still sticked to Baker i will not be shock if this promising line will walkout.
All that hard work from the running game and still get the L....
Shannon gone have a field day on Monday lol
I noticed when they complained the careers of both farve and Rodgers is interceptions farve 289 and Rodgers 98
Weren't the Browns going to the Super Bowl this year? I mean their fans were pretty sure of it all off season.
Another no call these refs are sleepin
Obj was the problem
This game has a tale to tell for baker. Literally his fault that they lost
Even Troy Aikman said the Browns were robbed on that last drive
All referees are Democrats...
Hubieran seguido dejando en la banca a Mayfield.
why is a coach dumb enough to ask mayfield to throw deep is beyond me
Green Bay got lucky that referee no do the yard
Pro football sucks
This was an amazing game.  Both teams with amazing running backs just dueling it out.  RBs don't get enough love.
That was a pti
The officiating bias towards the “star” franchises is a complete joke. Not a Browns fan. Just a person with eyes
They weren't calling the holding all game, and if they do call that last one, most likely you have to rely on a new kicker who missed 2 extra points.
Many people blame Baker Mayfield when The Browns lose, but if the pocket didn't consistently collapse, he wouldn't get sacked so often, but the interceptions basically belong to the QB!!! This was a game which Cleveland could have won, although on paper, it didn't even appear possible that the score would be this close! But the Browns are once again at the bottom of the barrel in their division, while Green Bay is once again Sitting In The Catbird Seat atop of the NFC North!!! Anyone hungry for a 😋 snack?  Brownies are good!!!
Baker sucks
It either someone has to figure it out or I see the browns head coach loosing his job sooner or later or baker end up going.  It my own opinion, as browns fan this lost an last week lost just made me feel disappointed at our team
Packers always get the game called their way. Time for some new refs.
Of course I want gb to get the bye  ut i dont know if having to play that first week would be a bad thing. They haven't been playing with urgency in a couple weeks now that everyone has them at # 1, I dont think a loss would be terrible.
Thank you Green Bay pickers.
Browns vs refs
GIVE CHUBB THE DANG BALL
Packers in 6. Bucks in 6
The browns literally just needs to run it and it was clearly working, but noooo. Gotta force Baker with a Bad arm to throw
Just goes to show how crucial that extra point miss was from the Browns. Made them lose 2 points, as they had to go for 2 on the next score. They failed, hence the 2 point deficit and defeat.
Perfect game to illustrate why Brown's shouldn't be anywhere near 7-8 this season, but also that Packers are a good side but aren't a Superbowl winning side...
Chubb vs Packers everyone !!!
Go packers gooooo 😎
I'm a Packers fan. This game should've been won by the browns by probably 2 scores if they would've run in the first half. Baker isn't good, and he's a big reason we won
Honestly. Baker looks like he has lost all confidence. He needs to be a game manager and only throw check downs. He’s a liability. Chubb deserves better.
the refs didnt call pass interference when the ball was stolen from the browns on the last play refs missed the call
Greenbay definitely got away with that pass pass interference in the 4th quarter
Pass Is Caught
Running game elite,  but naa let's show them why we are the browns....."throw it baker" intercept, intercept intercept etc etc etc etc
Unfortunate loss for the Browns. If that hold is called Browns win. Rogers is so lucky.
Congrats Packers on another division title!
Don't sleep on the Packers' Defense. They are a fast bunch. It's hard to get the big play on these ballers.
Wow that’s incredible how close they came to winning. As a niner fan this was truly heartbreaking and de ja vu-ish to watch 😂
Baker "I've thrown 3 picks, why not throw an even 4 instead of letting chubb get the ball in fg range so we can win?".
👍👍👍from Baltimore Ravens fun
That was pi at the end on browns last possesion
How much help does Baker Mayfield need? Even with a talented roster, the dude struggles like crazy
That first pic by baker was straight ASS
Poor Chubb...will never be considered great because he plays on a so-so team that underachieves.
Go "cavs!
Better thanks those refs packers
Total nightmare for baker
Damn crazy how fickle fans can be, yes Baker had a bad game but he's going be alright I think. if u lose him I don't see Cleveland being good for awhile
The Browns outplayed the Packers. Packers only won because of a last minute miracle interception. Just like the Baltimore game.   The Packers will make the playoffs but won't go far.
Chubb played his heart out
Baker Mayfield  ... Tony Romo
I wanted the browns to win but then Mayfield showed up. That did it for me,  luckily my blood pressure and my heart medications were close by.
2 weeks straight that the Packers were gifted wins. That's concerning.
There is holding on literally every single play so everyone needs to stop crying. You can't make every call. What about all the flass starts the browns had that were not called? Get over it people
Myles Garrett nonexistent for 2 games in a row, he better be out for DPOY😂😂
now that obj is gone, who we gonna blame mayfield downfall on?
Baker Mayfield should be banned from throwing the ball 10+ yards
Packers are the NFL’s darlings. They can do nothing wrong in the official’s eyes.
Browns just need to run the ball. Aint no one stopping nick chubb
They gotta let coaches force a review of a couple PI calls or non-calls per half. Too many games are being decided by PI calls and non-calls.
Fake football games. Too many turn overs. Can you believe it?
Green Bay should’ve lost last week for sure. They got very lucky last week against the Ravens.
packers hanging on by a thread against the browns?  doesn't look like they're going to be in the superbowl this year.
Packers vs chiefs superbowl
As a Packers fan, I have to say despite some  controversial calls I did enjoy seeing these two teams fight hard offensively and defensively. Good game, Cleveland Brown fans. Much love.
What a one hand catch by lazard amazing
That last int the guy went down and was never touched.
y am i a browns fan
Browns run game 💯 Browns passing 4interceptions  10 yards away from goal line "let's throw the ball" lol wtf is wrong with these coaches run the damn ball 😂
You can expect the refs to play a part in the decision of the game especially in Green Bay for Green Bay always does it's a shame
As usual, the Packers win only because of a terrible non-call by the refs
With the 3 missed calls against the Packer's defense, we now know that the NFL wants the Packers and the Chiefs in the super bowl.
Baker mayfield is an average QB let’s be real
Run the damn ball!!! You had the game won.
I mean I knew baker mayfield was ass, but gahhh DAMN!!!
Why is Chubb so good
As a cowboys fan i was rooting for the browns and tbh they should have won but baker threw 4 ints 😭😭😭😭 VIKINGS PLEASE WIN NEXT WEEK  Edit: and yes I understand two of those interceptions werent really his fault
At the end all the Browns needed was to get in field goal range.. Why have the best RB's in the league and not use them right😢
No one gonna talk about that non PI call at the end? Ok... and I'm not even a browns fan! They call that and this is a different game
Baker Mayfield=Romo2.0
So...  The Pack gets four interceptions. But they win by only two.  What... the... hell.
Baker is actively hemorrhaging future earnings based on his play this year.
Pathetic job by the refs again on that grab at the end…not a browns or packers fan but hate to see a call like that missed that could have changed the outcome of the game. NFL please do better at selecting refs 🙄
Im new to nfl but i just dislike aaron rogers an green bay 😂 they keep winning tho lol! Hope they dont win the SB
Baker was literally the packers offense
I’m a Packers fan but I was impressed with the Cleveland team I think this team is going to be good here in another couple of years they just need to learn to run the ball a little bit more because they were ripping off big time yardage
No guy that plays the Bears and Lions twice a season(Rogers) should be an MVP. C'mon man!
The targeted browns receiver clearly had his jersey pulled on by the packers player so that way he could make the pick on their last play! Not a fan of either team, but it hurts to see yet another game ruined by the refs.
If Cincinnati wins tomorrow against the Ravens, they pretty much got the playoff spot, especially if the browns lose to the Steelers next week. For some reason I can see the Browns playing spoiler to the Bengals playoff hopes and I'm Bengals fan
Packers steal another one.  I am not sold on Mayfield, but maybe he is still hurt.
I’m not sure what to say about the Packers only winning by 2pts with Mayfield throwing 4 ints🤔
CLEVELAND WAS ROBBED!
This is mayfields last season as an nfl starter
Chubb's havinga good game and the Browns decided that Bakers should just pass it 🤦‍♂️
Another fixed by league game
After Drew Brees had retired - Rodgers is the best QB in the NFL - Ben is slow, Mahomes is tired and Lamar is too young
The Packers were gifted a win on that free pass interference/interception at the end.
in the 4th when it was 2 & 12 why not run it? You're average 7yrd carrying.
That missed call was about as bad as the missed PI in the Seahawks vs Rams game.
Rodgers is MVP
As a life long Browns fan I love seeing a helmet with something on it...I'm 33 years old and it's been a rough life being a Browns fan...I've always said we need to break out of this curse and new helmets would help..Even though its only numbers with a white stripe atleast they are trying to make a change.  I love the Browns classic helmet but with all these teams getting cool uniforms and new logos and helmets we need to modernize..we can't be stuck in the past..If we wanna land top players and actually look like a modern team we need to be creative with our uniforms..I don't care what anyone says uniforms bring a new vibe and a fresh start to a team....It seems like in most sports now teams are creating multiple new uniforms..its the future of sports teams..teams shouldn't be so stuck on keeping the same old uniforms for tradition..GO BROWNS!!
Why didn't the Browns challenge that obvious grab on that last play?
Merry Christmas everyone ! Hope everyone had a safe and fun Christmas ! I had to work but watching these highlights , with the exception of Chubb and Landry ! The Browns body language and listless effort just , imo says they're done ! They all not interested imo....
Yes I'm happy for Rogers, but I am so disappointed in the Packers play from the late third quarter through the 4th. They literally just did nothing and lay down like they had the game wrapped up, giving the browns a chance to catch up and almost beat them. They can't do that in the playoffs or in the championship or they're going to get eaten alive by other quarterbacks like Brady as an example. Yes the refs made several bad calls against the Packers and a definitely bad call against the browns in that last play but the Packers shouldn't have been only nine points ahead. They seem to lay down on the job again in the fourth quarter. The head coach LaFleur seem to just lay down and made several calls that were just horrible for plays
When the refs fail to call a big penalty like that pass interference at the end the other team needs to just walk off and not stand for wishy washy missed calls
Packers were so disappointing, started celebrating Rogers td pass achievement Nd forgot all about the game, way too comfortable, this is why come playoffs we lose.
SO  SHWEEEETTT...much  love  Tee with  LIONS  NAMED LEO.[the music  worldwide} ooowee ''GREAT  GAME''...!!!
Golly, what the hell refs in last 2 min and clearly holding.... Gave the game to GB
No flag on that last pick is why I don't watch full games anymore
From Senegal🇸🇳 started watching football this year but i know that Nick Chubb is a stud.
The Rasul Douglas int was like retribution for Adam's drop but they both had amazing games. The wr initiated the contact cause he wanted to push off then slant but Rasul met him and he did have a little contact. With the speed of the game it happens so fast technically you could say "oh the db did this or that to interfere with the pass" but it was a good int
same old browns shiting the bed ever time.
Brown's need a qb!!!! When they get a real one and a better coaching staff....they 'll be better!
Baker was the Packers Best Player!!  Good Job  BAKER MAYFIELD!!!!!!!!
Take your pick: 1:38 3:17 5:53 11:46
Brutal third down stats for the pack,just terrible offensive stuff in the 2nd half.
So both the rams and packers were assisted by the refs not calling crucial penalties late in the 4th...
Everyone says he got away w a pi but I really don’t think It was. The browns receiver was running into him at the top of the route and you have to give him a reasonable reaction time. He def didn’t hinder the route at all either so I think it was a good no call
Joe Buck is the worst…..how does he still have a job???
As a steeler fan I hate to say this but the browns got screwed. That last play that ened up on an int should have been pma pi.
It's obvious who won the game by the thumbnail. Wake up NFL ch
i love how everyone is doing the mostert celebration lmao, i think it's dumb af but it's funny when everyone does it
Well here we go again Another Loss for Cleveland I am so Happy for the Green Bay they play good Football and they are always consistantly with all of there plays, Now if Ckeveland thinks there going to the playoffs well they better get that thought out of there heads Baker Mayfield makes alot of Costly Mistakes and Penalties and that is not good The Season is over for the Browns and that is the End of The story Baker Mayfield needs to be let go and thats it.
Is any going to mention how the refs gave the packers the game. On multiple calls. Especially at the end.
I was routing for the packers but I must give it to the browns they played very good let’s be honest if the kicker didn’t miss that first extra point and they just took the extra point instead of trying to go for 2 that game would of been tied and all they would of needed was to not throw the ball at the end and get in field goal range and boom browns would of won
Baker Mayfield is hot garbage. Should have had 6 or 7 INT's in this game.
adams is a beast man
Why the NFL keeps robbing the Browns? There were at least 3 penalties that were not called. Facemask , and a obvious Holding that were not called!
I just knew the browns were gonna screw up that last drive only needing to get into fg range. Again. But, hey, at least they saved all their time outs with those incompletions.
Go pack go
The reffing in this game was atrocious
Should have been 5 interceptions, one was dropped in the end zone
Shannon gonna have fun with skip over this one on Monday. Skip gonna some how blame Odell  for this one
To bad Curtis Mayfield had all those interceptions. Without those I definitely think the Browns could have won this game. I guess he was rusty coming back.
Great to see the refs not calling penalties when the game is on the line, zebras are a joke in the NFL
All these great running backs and you put the games in average NFL qb  hands
Baker Mayfield is a bum..
Baker baker baker ...  and they still almost won.
Aggregeoues missed call
Skip Bayless will find a way to blame Odell.
I’m not a huge packers fan. I just love watching Rodgers play QB. It’s like watch Steph shoot. There’s just something masterful about it.
AND  yet another game where the opposing team beats themselves for the packers benefit lol got GB is a joke.
If Browns give the ball to Chubb to run, especially in the red zone, they would have win it easily.  Letting Mayfield to throw and interceptions happened caused Brown the game.
The Browns have the running backs, O line, and defensive pieces to be a contender. And even with how Baker has been playing, they could have been in the thick of the post season race. But this year's loss is 100% on coaching. I was thoroughly impressed with Stefanski's performance last year, but he has seriously regressed in his second year. Last week, he refused to give up on the run game, when what they needed to do was through swing passes and slants to empty the box. And this week, he refused to give up on the passing game, when Chubb and Johnson had their way with the Packer's defense. If the Browns had a coach who could adapt his playcalling better, the Browns would've won these close games and would be on a fast track to a real Superbowl run, even with Mayfield having a terrible year.
Something Douglas, respect his name, a menace!
😂😂😂Mayfiels Trash 4int
Packers sure looking beatable lately.
Pass Interference
Chubb is exhausted, bring him to the Rams😈
If the browns get rid of/trade/ or even buried baker alive, does the commercial goes with him?
As always, the slackers get the crucial calls.
Dr dre
Another late game non PI call! 🙄 Gotta give Coaches at least 2 PI challenges each in the 4th quarter of games or have a 3 man review crew at each site that can overrule a ref's missed call in real time (at least in the 4th quarter).  That's my 2 pennies! 🥴
Another game where Zebra calls the winner!!
🧀
A win is a win however 4 interseptions and only win by 2.......
Cmon guys, refs can't risk the browns winning a huge game and having any chances. Remember last years AFC championship game?
Chub is a beast though. Love watching him run.
Bye bye Baker Mayfield. 👋
Pi
I swear Green Bay enjoys giving their fans heart attacks every game, but well fought on both sides. However, my big question after this game is why did the Browns stop running the ball?! Even with the interceptions by the Pack, the Browns had a chance to win with their run game…
WHY THE F would the Browns not keep running the gd ball... I'm a complete moron and I can see the Packers can't stop the run.
booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Ya there was a missed call but as I was watching the highlights and saw that mayfield was required to engineer a comeback drive, my intuition was saying he’d throw a pick to lose the game and sure enough…
Baker sucks but once again, play calling costs the Browns the game.  With 2 minutes in the 4th and 3 timeouts left, why give up on the run?  They just needed a field goal.
The refs need to be fired. Handed the game to GB. Clearly a missed called that decided the game
i thought carr was bad with interceptions
Mayfield needs to stop throwing the ball
In the end the refs missed a hold on packers holding Cleveland wr and they won. What a shock just like normal
Bad officiating in this game. Packers holding but never was called upon. True Mayfield threw 3 interceptions but the last one should have been a holding penalty other packers. Browns have a good run game with Chubb.
Chubb is rlly a stud out here
The Browns played the Packers fairly well. They were effective running the ball yet the missed pat and first three of four passing turnovers hurt. Baker Mayfield wasn't to blame for the fourth and last passing turnovers although they should have ran but the defensive hold by GB on the Browns receiver was the worst obvious no call by the officials of the game. And the Browns HC didn't even protest not that it would've mattered but you protest anyway. The league wants GB to have home field throughout the playoffs.
Cleveland browns got a better chance of winning,,, running,, then passing.
Can we just throw baker away ????
All kinds of holding going on someone wants Green Bay Packers the #1 seed
Browns could have really won this game if it wasn’t for Baker Shitfield
I watched some of this game - then I went back to playing with my slot cars.
Baker Mayfield is wearing a harness around his left shoulder which means you can't spread his chest out to throw the ball and it's hard if you can't follow through, and the refs stole this game from the Browns. If you're a Packers fan you got to have those refs on your Christmas list lol
baker faker once again single handedly making the browns lose
What happened to Randall Cobb
This run defense is eventually going to be a problem for the Packers.
With :46 seconds to play, Douglass intercepts the ball.  I did not hear a whistle and no one touched him down.  Did they?  I am a Packer fan, however, isn't that a potential safety because he runs to the end zone?  He would just need to be touched by a Cardinal player.    ?????
Once again the NFL refts dictating which way the game goes.
Sorry I don’t know the name, but after 29 on packs made that interception. He went down and got back up without contact and went all the way down to his own end zone. Shouldn’t that have been a safety??? Tie game???
mayfield suckssssssss and yet they almost tied INSPITE of his awfulness!
Packers are so overrated
Johnson and Chubb did great this game. They should have been used even more. The refs screwed the browns, sure. But the browns also screwed themselves.
Aikman wasn't the man on those Championship teams. It was Emmitt Smith. Plus, I think he is jealous of Rodgers too. Pack has owned Dallas for years now. I dread listening to the guy during the broadcast.
For all you browns fans crying about that last hold if you were watching the whole game the refs weren't calling anything all night
The mvp of the game goes to the Refs
The refs couldn't let the browns win on Xmas in Lambeau with rodgers record breaking day, cmon its the poster child with a silverspoon that was a bad hold by gb at the last play so no interception, at the least should've ended in a FG attempt but ya know .
Turnovers And Coaching Really Cost The Browns, Baker Is Just Trash Sorry To Say, Packers Defense Was Great But He Just Need To Be Better, Coaching Shouldve Just Let Nick Chubb Take Over
Packer lucky they didn't get the penalty called on them would of given the brow s the winning field goal
Refs dirty lmao
Just here to say  "Merry Christmas". My packers won that's all that matters 🤷🏾‍♂️🤣🤣.
Mayfield is terrible 😂
Mayfield is a backup. Move on.
The refs are always helping out the Packers. Dez caught it.
Imagine how good the Browns would be if they focused more on their running game...
Chubb is the Browns
Browns fans: “We need to run the ball  Nick Chubb: “I need to run the ball”  Baker Mayfield: “I need to pass the ball”
Get rid of Baker Mayfield..
More horrible nfl officiating
why cheat the browns?
Baker lost. Merry Christmas!
The Browns play callers lost this game. The run game was unstoppable. Stick with it and tire out the defense. All but one of those picks were Baker's fault.
Rigged
Bullshit man. Cleveland got screwed at least 3 times. That’s what happens when you play at Green Bay. Good game anyways I guess.
4 ints and they still barely won is kinda scary
Man the brown’s running game! Wish my team had that running game 😔
They always put the winning team picture in the title card image. It's like a mystery spoiler that I wish I didn't figure out.
I feel bad whenever major sports like this have to play on Christmas because what happens if your favorite team loses?
That was pass interference 100% for sure on that last Brown play! It is impossible not to see the pass interference! I will give that win to the Browns. That was in your face flagrant cheating!
Browns got cheated
So when are people gonna realise that thr packers always get help from the refs.
Mayfield is holding this team back, he's more like a good back-up QB
Can I get a Lambeau Leap.GoPacGo
Most rigged game I’ve seen in awhile Rogers must really be playing his dues🧐😑😂
The Browns got robbed
Baker is just trash
The Browns run so good, but they pass when they should run.  No fakes on the run.  Browns have potential but need a better offensive coach.
Another 🦓 takeaway
Baker is like a sober Johnny Manziel
Would have funny if they called that last interception a safety since no brown touched him and he ran to his endzone in celebration
Ngl lie that was definitely defensive holding on that last pass for the browns, feel like they got screwed on that one.
It's a shame when a bad call (hold on Peoples-Jones, final drive) can determine the game.  For the playoffs, just want anybody who can knock the Bucs out at this point.  :-)
Screw the NFL
Another gimme for Packers and diva rogers. Penalty called they lose. Nfl wants Tampa v GB playoff.
Oh yea it’s safe to say this is mayfield last season with the Browns lmao 🤣
Baker: Does literally anything Giannis: That's a good pick
And this is why the Browns will continue failing. They won't accept the fact that they have a mediocre (not bad but not great) QB and they are actually most affective running the ball. They are a running team. But no no no, this is the NFL and the star always has to be the QB. Once the Browns figure out that their best player and the one they need to build the offense around is Chubb, they will be a way better team.
Baker Mayfield woke up feeling generous today
The NFL picks and choses the final outcome, that should have been 1st down at about the 40 or 45 depending on the spot with 47 seconds to go and 3-time outs and the Chubb was running and only needed a field goal to win the game? Ya have to wonder if these refs dont have Fanduel  accounts?
That was a definite holding call the ref's missed on that last play that would have put them in better position for a field goal. They would have won the game otherwise.
Packers might've won the game, but their not playing good enough to win a playoff game against a better team than the browns. They better shape up or the Packers will be singin the blues like last year.
This was wayyyyyyy to close
Your QB is throwing int left and right but you still insist on throwing when you only need short gain to push the chain. Unbelievable.
Browns vs refs
I want to see another Packers vs Chiefs SB, but referees need to be hounded for their miserable officiating this season. Nothing ruins an exiting close game faster than the stench of corruption.
where’s this Kareem Hunt I hear all about..? can’t expect Chubb to be the only offense they have..
it must stuck to lose a game on chrismas
Browns should move on from Baker.
I think it’s time to except it an realize that baker mayfield is not the quarterback the brown need to be Super Bowl contending team it’s time to start looking for another option at quarterback
Green Bay won because they have 12 men in the field that’s included the refs.
That last interception by the Packers was total bullshit, pass interference.
Apparently the packers got a no penalty present for Christmas. I saw at least 4 blatant calls go non called including 2 on interception plays but I see you cut out the parts where even the announcers caught them
Baker being Santa for the Pack
I wonder how mr innoculated will fare against  good team.
When he missed the free kick I knew it was rigged sad
Concerned about packers’ playoff run. Packers usually start not vey well the first offense or defense or both possessions. Even if they overcame early issues and built a lead, they tended to keep the other team in the game in the 4th quarter. The defense made some good plays and had some takeaways. But when the game is on the line, I still don’t have the confidence that they can get out of field. Offense at times just could not get a first down at all not to mention sustaining the drive and killing the clock. Don’t even get me started on the special team. When they play great teams in playoffs, hard to imagine that they can keep getting this lucky. Hopefully I’m wrong and packers get another championship this year
GB’s inability to score some points at key part of the game to put it away is very worrying
That lazard one handed catch reminds me of the season Donald driver made that same catch twice. What a play.
Mayfield threw the same number of interceptions this game as Aaron has all year
Lmfao Baker Is Always Going To Fail Best Roster With The Worst Management On God
4 interceptions and lost by 2 to a #1 seed team. The browns could've been a dangerous team if they had decent QB.
I can't wait for all the Baker apologists to explain why 200 plus rushing yards at 9 yards a carry wasn't enough to win a game lol. 4 picks? Really? Well it's what you Brownies fans are used too hahaha
On the last int it was a good no call. Peoples-Jones pushed off Douglas when he made his inside break and Douglas tugged his jersey AFTER Peoples-Jones pushed off. It only looks bad in slo-mo because you can see the light jersey tug but you can also see the wr push Douglas BEFORE he lightly tugged the jersey.   Both could've called... neither were. That's probably the correct outcome whether we like it or not.
Come on. The real Santa is the refs. Clearly on the final pick. If that is not PI, holding or interference then what is? The NFL has a real problem with respect to integrity.
game was in the bag for the browns if the refs wouldve called flags im js
Dam after all those ints browns could've still won?! Refs hooked up the Packers for sure
Yea.. yea.. here in Cleveland everyone loves Chubb!! Everyone except his coach/play caller. The man should get the rock 25 times a game at least. Everyone knows it!! Everyone except his coach/play caller. Instead coach stefanski would rather put the ball in baker mayfields hands. It’s embarrassing. Both of them will soon be part of our great history, of losers. Anyway,  see ya next Sunday! One o’clock cheers four o’clock tears!
We need new refs ASAP
Packer defense is awful!  Every year it's the same thing. Hate saying it but I can't see them winningin the playoffs  unless they can stop the run.
Packers setting up for another playoffs choke job
stupid WR #11, why are you jogging while the DB is running?  you let down your QB!!
I wasn’t sure about this game until I saw the browns do the Lambeau leap…never do the Lamneau leap..
Chubb outstanding but Mayfield needs to get his eyes tested. I have heard of giving presents but not to the opposition!
Packers aren't as good as their record. Playoffs will be tough.
Rogers has shifted GB from 1st into 3rd gear! Now they can play better! I look forward to their performances the rest of the season!
Damn that OBJ, caused another L for the Browns!
Refs helped lafleur SMH I hate lafleur
Is this like the year of uncalled blatant holds and PI's or what's going on. Tuesday Seahawks lose to blatant PI, this week Browns lose to blatant holds.
Not many flags thankfully, but somebody throws the game with picks.. can we just play a good game? We always have to do something wrong to ruin it.  Thank goodness for Chubb and Johnson. That last pick shouldn't have gone through though, we definitely still had that game even after giving them all the points
Mmmm brown lzzzzz yummy for my tummy. There u go brown stains :)
It still amazes me how a 7 billion dollar organization..... STILL can't afford glasses. 🙄😵
You browns fans need to quit making excuses for Mr. Commercial man he threw 4 INTs could have been 5 if the defender didn't drop the pass that hit him in the hands
It might be time to move on frm baker mayfield
Bold prediction   Browns will end up trading Baker Mayfield to Houston for Deshaun Watson this off season
As usual the outcome was determined by the refs
I am not a Browns fan, but that last no call was ugly…
TYPICAL REF SCREW JOB !! WHAT ELSE IS NEW ! OFFICIATING IN NFL IS A COMPLETE FN JOKE , EVERYONE KNOWS IT !!
All y'all talking about interference. Nobody want to see "4th Interception 2". More next week. I'll wait.
That was P.I..
Baker mayfield be like: here's a Christmas gift for you
A real pro can say: "Chubb,... Scwartz." And not go: "hee hee... yeah."
Big packers fan. NFL please pin this your awesome
AND PEOPLE SAY NICK CHUBB ISNT TOP 3 RUNNING BACK IN THE LEAGUE if u don't no way u have more than 2 brain cells
Nick Chubb runs the ball like Jim brown a little bit.
2:32 the guy doesn't even know the guys name lol
Rodgers has his 🧀 heads looking like serious contenders to win it all. My son keep talking that bs to me (Yup he's a mtfking Packers fan)
Yeah he definitely should have been called for holding
Odell was the problem
Also the false start call on wyatt teller on 4th and 22 was the most bolcrap call ever #FiXeD
Even though Cleveland's better this year and they have been in decades they're still the same old Cleveland browns they throw these games away and let somebody else win
I am no Baker fan, but 1 int was a missed pi call and another was his wr slipped. He also didn't practice with the team so I'd give him a pass for this week
Again the reffs always stay helping the Packers 🤣
This games crap obvious holding on DPJ green bays overrated the refs won cause none of the refs want us to win bolcrap
Bogus no call at the end but dam Baker 3 picks?? Smh I wanna defend him but he gives you almost nothing to work with performance wise. You know it's bad when 1:50 left in the 4th behind the 50 and you running back to back run plays
I have to agree with Aikman on the assessment of Baker. He has trouble throwing to his left, like he said it looks like he can't open his left shoulder to get the power he needs to follow through, so a lot of those passes were behind and short. it was good to see them finally using Higgins, but I would say of those 4 interceptions, 3 were Baker's fault. The first one to Peoples-Jones was overthrown because they held on Peoples-Jones, but Baker saw that and complained to the refs, so why did he force it when he had a receiver open in the flat? The second interception was a bad pass that he was throwing of his back foot and overthrew his receiver. The third one to Landry was just behind him, again throwing to his left. Landry signaled with his raised hand and if Baker throws it in front of Landry then that interception doesn't happen Landry gets a first down and more. The last interception wasn't his fault because of the hold on Peoples-Jones though again you had someone opened in the middle of the field and all your time outs. So, despite Baker giving away the game the Browns still had a chance to win in spite of Baker. They should have put Keenum in, but I think they want to make it clear that Baker is not the one going forward.
Another sad day for the refs who miss at least half the holds the packers o line commits they will lose again anyway the team is not that good
Being a browns fan is hard. It’s really hard…
Packers put coal in Baker's contract negotiations stocking.
Congrats Pack..youre in the playoffs..again..go for it
MVP Aaron Rodgers on his way to a 5th NFC Championship loss!  MVP is better than a Superbowl hearing some of the commentators speak
Love my Packers!! Congrats ARod on beating Farv. Lets go get us a Super Bowl victory!
💚💛🏈🏈🏈💛💚
Packers D getting 3 int and still somehow looking bad...still great season so far. Lafleur seriously underrated!
We were so close to being #1 seed by default haha Green Bay we finna ride on y'all Dlaw Randy the Savage Gregory and Micah the Lion Parsons Neville the Canadian Bulldozer Gallimore along with this Depth AR 12 finna be bodybagged be advised.
Two interceptions in which the DPI enabled them, and neither called. I mean if there is ever a time to call DPI, it's when the guy who makes the interception pulls the receiver down so he can make the interception. But standard trash officiating.
The coaching staff really trusted Baker more than their running game lol.
Merry Christmas! Go Pack Go!
Ravens fan and the browns have the worst pass blocking offensive linemen in the league. The media just need a quarterback to blame. That list int was clearly a slip and drop by the receiver, the others are a bi product of the bad pass blocking.
I like how green bay always pass interfere but they never get called for it
4 ints and some garbage referee's and somehow the browns still almost won this. When will the Packers luck run out?
Remember the Seahawks being told to run the ball?? The browns should be listening. I do think baker is a good QB but he makes so many unnecessary throws.
Stupid coaching. The Brown deserved to lose this game. Should've kept running the ball. Smh.
Cowboys fan here.  In front of the whole nation refs just helped packers. Shows you the NFL hasn't changed.  More bs to come in the playoffs
Browns coach did it at the end of the second, and the fourth for the win. Baker should not have been throwing, three runs and kick a fg for the win. Instead, two incompletions and a pick for the L. Before halftime they could've had the score changing fg, same scenario, was rooting for em..gb held but refs favor gb always. Gotta put em away.
Skip gonna say all baker mayfields interceptions was due to INJURY...lol
10:44 should be a clip that juke was clean
Cleveland just got robbed !!
Fixed
Wins a win but that last interception idk maybe the refs were lookin at their phones or somethin
Baker f'n Mayfield
Browns definitely should've gotten that holding call inside 2:00.  Absolute disgrace the refs let that go.
Every time Baker throws a pick, an Angel gets its wings
Oli cheated before you did, Ern.  Keep smoking this piece.
Baker sold
CHEATED NO FLAG WTF
White guys seldom know how to celebrate properly after a big play.
OBJ choose Matt over Roger's.  Why why why why why why
notice the last INT .....the packer player never gets touched or downed ....he then runs into his own end zone ...... safety ?
Thank you Packers from a Bengal fan .
That missed PI at the end was savage
Mayfield > Rodgers
A blind man could see another rigged game for green bay to win. If you don't believe me just watch the supposedly first touchdown from green bay, the ball hit the pilon but didn't  cross the line. And also Baker throws 4 interceptions and wait for it ( Browns down by 2 with less than 1 min on the clock with which a field goal will win the game but what happens', another interception). Game Over.
Officials are definitely fishy with those timely game-deciding non-calls! How can you miss a defensive guy pulling on a receiver's jersey for almost 2 yards? On a deciding play for the game at that? Makes you wonder?
it's official...The NFL is fixing the games. By placing all the starters on covid list , who are not sick, lets be honest here. The NFL IS CLEARLY stocling all the divisions so they are close right to the end with the new 17 game season. + vegas and all the bets on the game are out the window. Wager on a team, OH LOOK!  all these players are suddenly not playing...Keep pushing the big lie nfl.
That was definitely a grab, and the ref was right there... sounds like Refs are favoring better teams while giving worse teams the boot. Goodbye NFL #BoycottNFL
poor officiating aiding the packers as usual in Lambeau but then again baker is ass and turned the ball over too many times.
OK, I'm now officially nervous about Green Bay losing homefield advantage throughout the playoffs with their inconsistent play the past couple of weeks. What was once a top 10 defense doesn't look that way any longer and their offense is not playing 4 quarters of football (yes, I realize they are trying to take time off the clock). They are letting teams hang around for way too long in recent games.
Rodgers and Adam's chemistry is out of this world! I'm not a Packers fan but this feels like Rodgers Super Bowl year!
NFL, STOP GIVING AWAY THE WINNERS IN THE THUMBNAIL!
Mayfield is a flop
Packers def is starting to scare me again smh worst time to let it slip
Browns fans I’m sorry you have to deal with this shitty quarterback . He has no pocket awareness an those two sacks put u out of field goal range on that drive that would of possibly been the difference. Let Aron Rogers beat you at the end don’t beat yourselves an that’s what Baker does . He is a 9 to 5 clerk not a NFL quarterback
After this game Mayfield and his old lady need to keep their mouths shut....zip it
4 picks
Thank you stupid Browns... poorly team this is why they will never grow
I’m a Saints fan but I do root for the Browns because their fans deserve some good news.  And I have been rooting for Mayfield, but I can’t any more.  He is single handedly losing games with his bad throws and taking sacks when he should not.  It’s frustrating.  Bad decisions and inaccurate throws abound with this guy.  The Force be not with him says Yoda.  But the Force is with the Brown’s running game, so why does the Brown’s play caller keep calling pass plays?  Run the freaking ball !!!!  The season is now beyond salvaging.  It’s a shame really.  Cleveland needs a different starting QB.
Can't believe the Browns lost this game... Yeah, Mayfield threw 3 picks in the first half, but they played much better in the second half to dig themselves out of that hole. Then the officials stepped in with TERRIBLE calls. Calling a false start on the Browns O-line when THREE Packers defenders clearly jumped offsides!?! Then there was the blatant defensive holding play at the end that basically sealed the game for the Packers. For everyone saying this is all Mayfield's fault... I agree if Mayfield had not thrown THREE picks in the first half, we wouldn't have been in that situation. Heck, I think the Browns win this game walking away if he hadn't thrown those first half picks (or even if he just threw only one), but he hasn't practiced in almost two weeks. However, they were able to overcome it to have a chance at the end, so it DOES come down to the officiating. Also, I'm not sure why you'd continue to put the ball in Mayfield's hands when he's thrown those picks and is clearly suffering from lack of practice. Chubb was eating them alive, they should've run the ball more on that last drive. These last two games are must-wins or go home.
And y'all say these games ain't rigged lol... Half of that hold would've been called in most other games hands down, yet a blatant hold that bad didn't even get flagged, yeah ok lol.
Baker Mayfield: “Merry Christmas Green Bay! You get an Interception, you get an Interception, you get an Interception!”
Man I really wanted to see the browns win this, but of course, lucky ass Green Bay... nice job Chubb
Death, Taxes, Refs saving the Pack. No cap…
Merry Christmas NFL,everyone,everything,animals and the world ❤️
The same no call foul happened to the Seahawks and cost them the game.
Browns got screwed
Should of put Mullens in the game baker Is done
What's weird is Baker Mayfield was a first overall pick. Aaron Rodgers wasn't a first overall pick and it's better than him. My point is Baker Mayfield is more like Tim couch. Tim couch was a Heisman trophy winner in Kentucky and first pick in the 1999 draft. Cleveland's been through so many quarterbacks they never got the right quarterback that's one of their problems.
As a Packers fan I will just say this. Cleveland u played a hell of a game, but costly interceptions lost u the game. Greenbay made mistakes as well like dropping the ball on what should have been easy catches. But a win is a win and Greenbay is still holding the #1 playoff spot in the Nfc
Baker Mayfield a bust. He will be a backup in the league soon.
F da refs
I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again, I love watching the Brown’s run game
Devante Adam’s catches everything. Rarely drops anything. Solid receiver.
We suck dont bother..
Packers got away with so much bullshit tonight..... thanks to the zebras
Mayfield will never get the Browns to a super bowl. He just doesn’t have it. Long time Cleveland fan. Sat in bleachers in the 1960,s watching Jim Brown.
packers always questionable ref calls, no matter who they play....BUT TODAY WAS BLATANT, SEVERAL TIMES.
Jesus Christ Baker
Stop acting like greenbay didn't hold him wen bm threw his 4th pick
who needs refs when they blind to begin with ... ...
Hell, I saw that D-hold on that last pick and I live in New Zealand, ffs.  But, that's 4 on the day for Baker.  Not a good sign.  They're pounding the ball on one drive to the red zone switch to passing.  Get sacked and settle for a fg.  That's not playoff team coaching.  Chubb is a beast.
Terrible holding at the end.  The refs always help the packers until the postseason.
Guess the refs are getting the “Aaron Rodgers” discount with State Farm!
Always the bridesmaid never the bride..oh well
インターセプトなかったら負けてたで…勝ってよかったわ。
Baker prolly the most dog shii qb 😂😂😂
Packers are toast if they keep nearly losing games. Browns should have won tonight. If Mayfield don’t throw 3 picks it’s pretty possible they come away with a win….
If the Browns just ran the ball at every snap they would've won this game.  The Packers have been exposed by the running game, even playing at home! They'll lose in the Playoffs because of it.  Mark my words.
Two consecutive games for GB against rugged AFC north clubs with GB's  banged up lines.  8-0 again the NFCW and AFCN, GB is not soft or a fluke.  Troy & Joe upset by the non call on the second Douglass INT, but that's the same non call on Lazard's one handed grab.  Credit GB for understanding how this game was going to be called.
Mayfields in with some Debt to the Mob; intentional throws to make up for his betting.
Baker is such regular QB it’s amazing how much commercials he has much less how he came to be the 1st overall pick
Every year, it's like the Pack is "the worst 80% win team in history".  And noone wants to see 2 straight NFC CHAMPIONSHIP games.  But they've won when other NFC powers haven't.  I think it's gonna be another G.B. - Tampa NFC CHAMPIONSHIP game.
Looks like the Refs screwed folks again!
2 bad no calls on the browns
The browns have improved a lot for sure
Rodgers is an absolute freak. MVP
The ref's screwed Cleveland...period.
They need to start calling out refs for making calls that interferes with a teams opportunity to win games fairly but damn Mayfield, those other 3 interceptions are all on you.
What record did Aaron break?
packers were very fortunate to win this game. just like last week against the ravens. but come the second season the playoffs they are gonna get beat. because the defense is the same as last season. can't stop the run. weak coverage  in the secondary. and conservative play calling on offence. you have the best quarter back in football why are you being conservatiive? have some killer instinct. and put the game away. packers defence is way to risky to mess around.
Can everyone just take a moment to think how scary good the browns would be with Aaron Rodgers at QB?? They’d have no more than 2 losses this year.
11:45 .. refs blew the game, good job.
Two terrible no calls by the refs. where DB held the WR in both occasions.  Rigged?  Hmmm.
Look Rogers has all day to throw the ball, most other teams have two seconds to get rid of the ball
I'm not surprised. Another week has started and already the Refs missed an obvious PI that costs a team a game.
Browns vs refs
Mayfield was the TYPICAL COLLEGE BRO, who wasnt that good but cool enough to slide into the top ranks without actually being good. And now its showing.
awful non-call. it was a blatant pass interference.
That ending play was so dumb, i swear the nfl need to be able to review plays even if theres no flag, especially when its  towards the end of the game
Nick Chubb has been beaten by the Green Bay Packers on Aaron Rodgers historic night. Johnny Manziel is probably laughing at his former team right now.
Another Ref. Game , giving Green Bay another win , the sixth for the a packers that should have been a clear win for the Browns
Chub can't do everything. Feel bad for him. What a talent 👏 🙌
Zebras missing calls, clean  it up
Mayfield will not be with the Browns next year
Wow Browns running game had me spooked. 4 picks though? Yeah keep it on the ground
This is NOT how you want to play defense come playoffs... I’m telling you, if the defense keeps doing this, we will bounce out in the first round!  That coming from a loyal PACKERS FAN!!!
Game of the year hands down 💯
It could have been pass interference on either side #11 pushed off hard but Douglas had him so he couldn’t
Browns should have changed their spikes
*WHEN PLAYN THE PACKERS U ALWAYS GOTTA BEAT THE REFEREE NOT THE PACKERS*
That Packers defense is a concern cuz there’s no way that Baker played a horrible game with 4 INT and Rodgers played A+ to point that the score was 24-22. That defense is an issue and Rodgers is playing hero ball.
Merry Christmas!!! 🎅 🎄
I'm hurr 4da Browns fans comments on how disappointed dey were* lol   #DC4L
Merry Christmas
Packers fan here.  We were darn lucky to win that.  Chubb was gashing us for 8 yards a carry.  Why throw?  Packers D was horrible when they weren’t intercepting Mayfield, or sacking him.
Browns should of won, but it's hard to beat the Packers and the Refs at the same time.
Go Pack Go 🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Thank God for referees.
How many weeks are we going to go before something happens to these refs fixing these games at the end tail of the 4th
Go pack go
When you put the game in the officials hands you get a result at the end like you did of course the QB played like garbage warmed over throwing 4 picks and the HC who continued to put the ball in a rusty QB hand and he turned the ball over and over.
Listen. I’ll be the one to say this. If you wanna play those games and do a slight push off then good on Douglas for playing the way he did. Looks like the receiver pushed off a little, Douglas countered by a slight Jersey hold that didn’t interfere with the catch! Good no call! Let the boys play!!
Anyone who puts down actual money on Green Bay in the playoffs should not buy lottery tickets. Already been in this movie.
These damn USAA commercials are so damn annoying 😒
the browns were robbed on Xmas
I’ve been a Browns fan for a long time and have never seen a team lose so many games they should of won for what ever reason , only team to never go to the Super Bowl and as long as Mayfield is QB they never will
So Chubb put in all that work for the Browns to throw TD's on first and goal. 😒
these refs though fire them all... this is the third game i'm seen awful calls being made.
I thought Cutler retired
I’m a packers fan so I’m happy with the w, but why didn’t the browns just keep running the ball
Drink every time Joe Buck says “Pass is caught!”
And the Cowboys think they are going to the Super Bowl... 🤣🤣🤣
Baker in this game, especially his first interception, is literally Bengal playing his best game of Madden 🤣
멍청한 클리브랜드.. 형편없는 메이필드 어깨...
Refs won that game
Nick Mullens QB1 switch out mayfield already
Brady has all the rings but Rogers is the greatest QB  I have ever seen!
Baker needs to be a Texan next year, Cleveland and Baker will be better off.
Wow another game the refs won it for a team. Browns are bad enough but that cb holding the receiver and getting a interseption was bad
Another gift from de refs
Even if it was a pass interference. Mayfield been playing terrible all game. Just run the freaking ball
Sober Johnny Manzeil really stinking up the joint
Baker played Santa today, so many presents.
やっぱりラン走られてるなぁ
https://youtu.be/99FjWTEBhno
This funny I never seen an NFL team do a Hail Mary but only on games that's not right
green bay was holding on the last interception and did not get called for it, that could have changed the game if it was called correctly
Love it when a no-call changes the outcome of a game😐
Wow ,give browns a q.b. I see super bowls . Dude reminds me of A kirk cousin.  Can only throw slant plays
The Browns would have done better to just take a knee on any play other than handing the ball to Chubb.
Historic for Rogers but not impressive. Still, a win's a win.
The Browns: Missed Xtra point, two points conversion failed, 3 interceptions, 4th one was a no call (PI) & Baker Mayfield. The Cleveland Browns gave an easy game or Christmas present (🎁) away to the Green Bay Packers. Baker Mayfield didn't have to throw those first three picks.
The Packers have been the absolute most lucky team this year lol I swear they have gotten away with so many games that they should have lost.
9:24  dont you think the center on defense should be called for a false start?
Wow, that kicker changed the game missing the extra point. He should feel awful and hang himself. Can't make the easiest kick.
Not a fan of either team but is nobody gonna mention the holding they didn’t give to the browns at the end of the game? Ref conditioned the outcome for sure…
I heard Aaron Rodgers is going to grow an afro to use all those picks Cleveland got him for Xmas.
Baker's figures were poor. But I don't think his performance this season is representative of his true ability. The guy clearly has a shoulder injury and his mechanics are all wrong. They need to shut him down for the rest of the season and get him fully fit for next. I know a lot of people are down on Baker and would like him replaced. But if the Browns pick up his option and he's fit next season I think they'll improve a lot.
Great teams find a way to win! Go Pack!
it shocking to see the amount of people shocked by how bad the run defense is, this has been a problem since we lost to the 49ers in the NFC championship and this problem hasn’t been address, I wouldn’t be surprised if we lose in the playoffs because of this
Not going lie Green Bay should never won 😭they cheated at end and referees was paid
ONCE again GB needs the refs to cheat to win ... nothing new there.
Maybe baker needs to focus on football instead of his stupid commercials? By the way people don’t live in stadiums! Is that a Cleveland thing? Stop drinking the slimy lake water, it’ll help.
12:01 The NFL isn't the NFL anymore. The current rules make it too difficult to succeed. Some of these players they told you were good get to the NFL and aren't good. They have to ease the rules for them.
PI at the end lol
Not impressed by Mayfield.
Another scripted game just like the rams vs Seahawks
Reporter asks Browns’ Recievers: how many times are you guys gonna slip and miss a catch? Browns’ Recievers: yes!
Christmas for sure was on the Packers side, but Browns kept it a very close game.
Saw some good throws from baker this game despite the picks. I’m impressed.
If I’m the Eagles. If Rodgers is a FA and Adams is a FA I’d try and sign both of them and keep your. 3 1st round picks.
Green Bay 55 Cleveland 7   Oops that was in The Lombardi era!!!! I think The Roadrunner had a full kickoff return... THE LOMBARDI TROPHYS COMIN HOME!!!!
Mayfield is just an sober Manziel
Was really hoping for the Browns to beat the Packers today!! What a disappointment!! So much opportunity to bring the “W” in, but poor wild throws, so much missed catches!!! This was def not the Browns best performance!! Good job to the Packers on the WIN!
No call gave packers the win
4 ints from another Qb in the afc north that happens to also be from the 2018 draft. Wonder if we'll see that same energy y'all were using when discussing the other Qb
Get out of satan system and get in God system before it's to late.  Nfl playoffs and superbowls are rigged by the illuminati freemasonry religion
The Browns were fleeced by the officials during this entire game. The officiating is a disgrace and getting worse. These games are unwatchable. The NFL will be in trouble if they allow this to continue. I for one will be boycotting games on TV as a protest against incompetent officiating.
Best QB of Green Bay: A)Mayfield B)JuneField  C)DecemberField  D)ChristmasField  E)All of above
Wow these refs! There should be a concerted effort to fix the refereeing. I am not looking forward to the refs deciding games in the upcoming playoffs!
Pretty bad when refs are constantly blind on pretty much an easy call home field teams. ? Other one last week. O line gets tired the more passing you do. 2 backs with QB direct snap worked for a reason.
Baker Mayfield he a losser go Packers go Aaron Rodgers
So this is what happened https://youtube.com/user/jjlopez209
Whats your name ? Mayfield Whats your job ? NFL Quaterback Congtratz you have a dream job of most American
Official blew an obvious PI at the end of the game. Might have cost the Browns a win.
Browns would have had a chance if they got to the td and got the fieldgoal
🐐
Packers D can't tackle for anything.  Browns should have won this game the way the running game was mauling the Packers.  Too much hero-ball from Mayfield.  Throwing the ball into the sidelines is a good play.  Sacks and Picks.  That's what you get with Baker.
If the Browns ran Chubb 40 times they win the game its that simple.
The fact that this game was even close does not bode well for the Packers. Essentially came down to one play. Could you imagine if they lost this game, it would be about as bad as when the Cardinals lost to the Lions.
When no one is surprised you threw several bad picks you aren't a good qb and you aren't worth paying
But it’s still Odell fault throwing 4 int😭😭
Browns got hosed
Any Baker apologists wanna explain that performance? Geez lol
I'M JUST HERE TO FIND OUT WHEN THE PASS INTERFERENCE MISS CALL WAS.
Can’t believe all u whinny babies. My god.
After learning the NFL is rigged due to confessing in court they are in the “entertainment business” it’s tough to watch any game now
The NFL is rigged
Flags weren't even called that should have been
Green Bay always cheating
i am tired of the refs
There are several questionable calls, obviously including not calling PI for that pass, but it's still clear Baker's 4 interceptions (or 3) and couch's decision for not running cost the game. The sad part is that Baker may be the best QB that Cleveland has had over the last 20 years or so... wth should they do at this point?
Not saying this game was soft fixed but the fact that people still think the nfl isn't tampered with to some extent is hilarious. Have one of the best runningbacks in the league but you throw the ball and then no pi is called on a game changing play. Not the first game this year either I mean this season alone has been blatantly obvious that soft fixing is very prevalent in the nfl
Even after a game like that skip will still find a way to defend baker
Browns opened but couldn't finish 🧀🧀🧀GOPACKGO🧀🧀🧀
The Browns only gave up 3 points in the 2nd half and the defense came out and made crucial stops for their team. The difference in this game was horrible coaching decisions to stop running the ball and Baker can’t play from behind because he tends to force the ball when they’re down.
refs control the games lmao. im not a fan of either team. Im a texan fan, But god these refs need to be replaced with something better, we are in 2022 and the nfl still relies on humans.. smdh
Why not do officiating highlights?
just like elections theuy aint hiding its rigged
Odeal’s fault
Proof that some games are fixed.
Im a niner fan but you have to appreciate Chubb. He is absolutely phenomenal.  Chubbs only had 17 carries. Imagine if he got at least 25.
That hold tho...
I'm sorry but this officiating was ass.  Packers deserved the win but why try the cheat if the team is already beating them lol.
I dont know why every single game isn't just chubb running 70% of the time he is so good and baker is mediocre at best
Bottom line we need Mayfield gone. He's not the franchise quarterback, we need he's trash. And I don't give a damn who likes or hate what I'm saying
The browns would win the Super Bowl with the team they got if only they had a decent QB. Baker mayfield is not it. Even if you take the last pick. There was a pick that was dropped by the packers. Not to mention the over and under throws. If the browns didn’t rush for 200 plus, they might get shut out
Baker so slow😭😭😭
Brown can’t win against the referees
Proof positive the NFL is rigged.  So many pass interfaces on GB. None called. And I'm not a Browns fan.
There's no way to sugar coat it. Baker lost this game. BUT why they freaking throwing the ball any damn way with all the talent they have at RB? I just don't understand the browns play calling I still think baker is there franchise qb.
Baker I need you and Patrick to stop with all the commercials and start studying film. My Christmas wish
What do you mean nobody can believe that was a grab🤣....its the Packers...refs invent cals that benefits the pack and ignore the ones that hurt the pack ...everyone in the country knows this 🤣
You know, this game sure was painful to watch, but it all had a happy ending (Thx Rasul Douglas).    Offense? Although they did stall out for the most part in the 2nd half, they still did fairly well, considering they got like 3 touchdowns, all came from turnovers.  I think I'll rate them a B+ on this one.   Defense?  Still pretty messy, especially with our sloppy run defense.  However, we did put some effort into this one, with 5 sacks and 4 interceptions (2 by Rasul Douglas).  So I think I'll give them a C+ on this one, but they need to work on that run defense though.   And special teams?   Not much to say about them, but they did noticeably better than the last 2 games, so I guess I'll give them a C.  Overall, although there are some problems regarding the run defense and special teams, the Pack proved that they are still a capable playoff contender.
I’m a bills fan but browns got screwed on that final drive no interference call
Dam refs cheated for the packers again. The NFL is rigged, that was obviously holding on that play , there is no way possible they didn't see him holding him that long . Packers cheat and should be disqualified .
How bout them #6.
Baker Mayfield should have had 5 interceptions Packers DB drop one in the endzone. Browns front office will have a hard decision this offseason to keep going like they are, or move on from Mayfield.
If I was a Packers fan I won't be too proud of that win........they won't make it to the Super Bowl
go ahead and let baker go!
Packer got help by the ref on this one cheater
One of the worst MISSED interference calls I've ever seen. Don't know how anyone can figure this thing to be even close to fair when the refs just call what they want to call to get thier 15 min of fame on t.v. or in this case, don't, call something that was obvious and was a game changing call. Now because of a bad ref not making a call that should have been made the browns will most likely miss a playoff birth. These refs should be taken to task and fined far bad calls either way making a call that wasn't actually a penalty or for missing a call that was a blatant violation of the rules. Especially in a crucial game like this. They need to be held accountable for this because of the implications and what it cost 1 team. Thier fate in the playoffs held in the palm of 1 bias or sloppy ref. I remember why I quit watching pro football.  85% of the time the refs decide who the winner ends up being.       Just for those who want to talk trash I have said, I'm neither a Browns or Green Bay Packers fan. I am die hard Cowboys and have been all my life. I'm also a big Tom Brady fan. After he basically got the boot from Bill Belechicken and the patriots. The way they went about it. They deserved everything they got last year including Tom Brady taking another Super Bowl ring home while they sat and watched. I hope he puts it to them one more time this year. Wins another Ring and retires going out on top. It would serve the pats and belechicken right to loose 2 years in a row after they said Tom was done and couldn't take them to another superbowl. Mean While Tom Brady sets on top of the world with another super bowl ring. The best "IN YOUR FACE"  that could ever happen.
Baker is a bust
Adams and Rogers best duo no 🧢
It’s Odell fault 🤣
Packers were literally giving this game away to the Browns in the second half and they  still couldn't win even after throwing 4 ints and coming back within 2, with a couple crappy calls the browns didn't get!  Refs probably saved the game for the Packers at the very end with that terrible no PI call for the jersey grab!  Still, gotta put this one on Browns coach and Baker.
Ole Baker is so dependable ain’t he? 2-14 fourth quarter comebacks and yet another game of more picks then touchdowns
Baker plays like how I play in madden. Gets cocky and starts throwing some wild dumb sh*t
Packers as usual got all the calls
I am so amazed that the owner and coach do not realize that Mayfield is the problem.  He's been the problem for years.  I am not a coach, and I see that.  It makes me question the coach's ability to coach.
I've never seen so many blatant bad calls for one team in 50 years of watching the NFL.  Getting really sick and tired of officials determining the results.
Peeps are harshing on that last non-call for the interception, but if they don't see it they don't see it. Anyway, good game.
Questionable play calling and carelessness from Mayfield aside, that was clear interference on that last interception. Sure, there was no guarantee had it been called that the Browns go on to score but come on, there was nobody around obstructing the view, terrible non-call.
The refs were down horrendous in this game. The browns made it no better for themselves but they 100% would’ve won if that last play was called.   As for the them, better luck next year. You guys are cursed.
No reason to get salty over anything anymore. Everything is fake.
As a Bengals fan the Bengals deserve to be in the playoffs not the rotten browns
The refs get worse each season
Let's go brandon
Look for more excuses to be made for Baker Trashfield aka Johnny Manziel 2.0 on ESCNN. This kid is a below average qb at best 💯.
Pass Interference #29 Defense. 15 yards penalty and a 1st down. Cleveland should have won this game.
Is it just me or is Baker Mayfield  starting  to look like a bust? I mean 4 picks he's  been terrible  man.
Thank you NFL For another horrible season The NFL SUCKS!!
So. Many. Low. Effort. Tackles.
U cant be effective playing with a harness on your shoulder...your whole form is thrown off.   I blame Baker & coaching...Keenum should have been starting for awhile.. Baker playing with injuries has cost them at least 3 wins...not the best decision for the team..cost them playoffs, and allowed them to finish last in division SMH
Looks like the Browns are back to being the Browns. At least some things are going back to normal…
You Baker Mayfield apologists are the worst. Lol
Nice no call as always for the Packers
It's easy to pick off passes when you hold the reciever then jump their route Odd how green bay players never get called for all the dirty tricks they use Mayfield made some mistakes by turnovers but green bay gets away with alot of dirty defensive plays  The fact that this game was close speaks volumes as to how good Cleveland can play..nick Chubb is a beast to stop.. Get Mayfield to stop the picks and Cleveland wins this game.. Blitzing Rodgers doesn't work..he has the quickest ball release in the NFL  Bubble screen over the top would have caused Rodgers to throw a pick or two When your Rbs are moving the ball down the field at will...why chance throwing the ball so much especially against green bay the best team at picking the ball and jumping routes.. Mayfield can throw the ball but green bay is a team that capitalizes on all throwing errors Also Mayfield needs to drop back 3 steps then throw the ball  He is throwing behind his recievers because he's  pressured and he can't see over the O line clearly fast enough to help his recievers with green bay you have to throw your team mates open sometimes
I'm done with Baker. This time I mean it
4 interceptions and the refs bailing you out all game and you only beat the browns by 2 points. Wonder what will happen when the packers have to play a good team. Yikes
hey nfl league offis stop missing the pats your not fooling anyone
Fixed -plain and simple - refs must be paid off- just horrible- can’t watch any more.
Amazing match indeed.
Browns showed heart and toughness.  Baker Mayfield needs his legs more than Rodgers but hes accurate.
Packers didn't win that was gave to the
If you turn over the ball 4 times, you're going to have a tough time winning the game.
U play in GB u gotta play the refs as well been seeing this all season!
Its the Coaches fault , Dlevland has the best running team in the NFL nut relies on Mayfield who thinks he's great at passing into tight situations , He's awful at it , not during a must win time , too tense !!!
Browns go screwed bad horrible calls by refs and a no holding call on possibly the winning drive refs should be fined
This should've been an easy 5 TD day for Rodgers. 3 points in the whole second half is how you lose 3 straight NFC title games
The refs did it again…
Okay, now I want to see a Packers Chiefs Super Bowl. :)
Nick chub deserves better then the cleveland Chokes or letdowns he needs a better team, an Baker is trash over-rated time for Another QB browns only the 30th one lmfao hahahahah
Chubb single handedly keeps Browns in games.
wtf how much money are these refs being paid by the bookies
The Browns are so good, except for their QB. They were out there ballin but Mayfield couldn’t help himself
Packers will cholke in the playoffs anyway. no big deal.
I love when the brownstains lose.
Browns were overhyped this year
So great that the thumbnails picture spoils the results of the game
As everyone has been saying lately, the NFL is rigged. Two obvious penalties on the Packers that were not called. The face mask on Mayfield and the PI in the fourth quarter. RIGGED GAME!
The herd on Monday : " I'm not going to pile on baker! " but baker's a below average quarterback " /" Baker's not a starting NFL quarterback "
So I'm hearing quite a few people on Twitter saying that the Packers didn't deserve this game. I've been a packer fan ever since I was a little kid I remember when Brett favre won the super bowl and remember Aaron Rodgers on the super bowl I still have a newspaper that I collected at a hotel and I have Aaron Rodgers holding a trophy in a frame hanging up on my wall I had devante Adams Clay Matthews and many others these newspapers are like posters has their status their weight how many years they've been playing in. So let me get into what I'm trying to say even though this game wasn't a high score in game and the browns have two number one picks on their team. And even though it look like the referee made a bad call maybe he didn't see it but when the browns quarterback threw the interceptions and the Packers caught it I saw and slow motion that the Packers grabbed onto the browns jersey just for second or two but even though if the referee made the call and the browns got the ball the Packers still would have won it. And if you look at the status the Packers are the best team in the NFL and they deserve every game. And I have a good feeling that the Packers are going to the super bowl and I have about 80% chance that the Packers are going to win it.
We got lucky!That no call on pass interference sealed Cleveland’s loss. GB on offense was off tonight. Or Cleveland has a great defense!
refs are dogshit
its still Odell's fault right?
Mayfield is Garopolo 2.0
Watch skip bayless defend bakers 4 ints
I'll be honest that 4th pick should've been called back but, awell
This Packer team, even w/their impressive record, don't look like they have a playoff-worthy defense.
Baker Mayfield is average at best as a QB an he sure ain't the guy to take the browns to a championship. Lots of talent is being wasted on account of Mayfield. The head coach deserves blame also.
this guy is not Baker it's Nathan Peterman disguised as Baker
Nice to see Green Bay beat Cleveland 24-22.
Sad to see a game decided by a missed call. Seriously disappointed. And why do they always seem to go the Packers way?
Join me we need a new comisioner on the NFL and new Refs calling bad calls teams loosing by bad calling
Cleveland will always be Cleveland
But everyone keep saying do trade baker mayfield....yea ok
Hey Baker. Your teammates are the guys with white shirts.
Yeah Green Bay Packers are 12-3 and the best team in the league and got the best defense and the best offense in the league and that's really cool man fr. Go Packers win our 17th Super Bowl and that will be really cool too. Go Packers.
Hope Bruce Arians was watching this game so he can understand the importance of RUNNING the ball browns win if it wasn’t for a missed Call
Wow another game decided by nfl refs.
Throwing the ball in the red zone with a run first team
Again give up a late touch down , mark my words green bay will not go to super bowl again .unless the D play 60 minutes.
Browns playoff shot ruined
green bay referees strike again
Baker is like Brett Favre gamble and risk every big throw. Gunslinger
Int 4 only won by 2 wow
browns being their own worst enemy again... but officiating was really bad this time.  Do officials just hate the browns, or what?
I honestly believe the browns should of just did what the patriots did and just run it. Seriously, Baker won this game for the packers.
this was NOT a bad ref game. If those calls were called the other way it would only reinforce the ticky tacky poor calls that are making the game less physical. there's no pleasing u ppl
I beg of you to stop putting the winning team as the thumbnail bc it ruins the suspense when I watch these highlights
If it was tom Brady he would have gotten that Call don't matter if Baker had 3int the most important one didn't get Called
Browns driving down the field at the end of the game,  trailing 24-22, enough time left on the clock, CLEARLY pass interference called every time,  except that time. Browns could've kicked a game winning possible season saving field goal.    Edit : I appreciate the feedback, some constructive criticism.
0:56 thats gonna be Deestroying
That last pass interference non call was terrible
Speak on the defense sometimes like nice tackle by Sancho...VS
Even thought that last play was EASILY a PI, I have no doubt in my mind Baker had a high chance at throwing a pick on the next play.
The Green Bay Packers are 12-3🟢🟡🧀 their defense picked 4 interceptions from Baker Mayfield
Green bay overrated. Their late game defense was scattered against the Ravens like that. Yeesh. And Mayfield ruining that team, by the way.
The Packers have done the following Sweep the NFC West Sweep the AFC North Be the first team to clinch a playoff spot Battle injuries to literally every key position in the game(and still win)  Bring it to 1 score against a chiefs team that had all the momentum in the world, all while the injuries and Rodgers being out  Other than week 1, I’d say this team is the best team in the NFL at the moment
Baker intercepted more than Green Bay scored touchdowns, how can you win?
The NFL is a joke, have anyone notice the refs always helping the teams they want to win. Why didn’t the call the refs in New York like they always do. I hope someone starts a new league that compete with this rigged system. They was not going to let the Browns go down and kick a field goal.
Packers have so so many injury and 2 or 3 players out for the covid proticall. #1 seed in the NFC. Matt Lafleur coach of the year.
Marry Christmas and LET'S GO PACKERS
Packers seem to be living a charmed life right now.  I do think teams will be looking how effectively the Browns ran the ball against them, and how they really were able to limit them on offense when they weren't working on a short field.  It literally took a 4 interception game by the Browns to gift the Packers this win.  I don't know, with that kind of luck it just may be their year.
I was in the game
Why y’all mad the browns lost like there not making the playoffs this year even if they won
I loath Troy . That last Rasul pick .Peoples Jones was pushing off on Rasul and Rasul was not going to let him do it and the no call was justified but Troy has to make it seem like it was outrageous like always to make drama that is not real.
Baker mayfield is not a franchise qb, played reckless sorry, 5 turnovers, i know 1 was a clear drops, the coach too was to blame for the loss, why are you trying to go for it at 4th down with a huge distance to cover, shd have kick it they would have won 24-25, the referees clearly wanted greenbay to win no question about, brown you have too much talents but no qb, imagine they were able to get deshan Watson, they are Super Bowl ready franchise
Mayfield threw like a moron today, (4 Picks, 3 of them leading to 3 TD's for the Pack, plus Mayfield gettin' sacked 4, or 5 times ?! -geez, just throw the ball away instead of leaving without Field Goals).  But just to add insult to injury, the refs were all against the Browns.
Go pack go🧀❤️💛
Imagine if mayfield wasn’t trash
Tough call for the Browns...but Mayfield also threw 3 picks prior to that.
Terrible ref game....
nick chubb is baby jim brown trust me give him time
Refs had money on Green Bay.
Baker, Baker the turnover maker
Well everyone said Kevin was the problem… now you see why he was calling conservative plays, because baker sucks
Yall ran the ball down Greenbay throte but u keep throwing the ball?Really
Its not "Russell" Douglas, Troy.
Packers has had an easy season....played mostly crap teams
Refs got our backs today not gonna lie , and im a packers fan lmao
Imagine how good the browns would’ve looked this game if Baker didn’t switch teams
Refs game
Thats the end of my watching football. Browns played a horrible game should have lost by a ton. Yet they are driving at the end and clearly a hold to slow Peoples and step to where he would have been. I believe Peoples Jones but after the no call I could never again support the NFL and rewatch.
2112 AT THE HALF FOR RUSH
Browns were exceptional in close games last season.  This season they are going exceptionally bad at it.
Doesn't anybody teach how to wrap up when tackling anymore! Packers are terrible about wrapping up and its starting to really be a problem.
Somebody tell Baker Mayfield his teammates were the ones in white please.
Man Baker was horrible, he needs to chill with the commercials and practice more
Only Lamar Jackson can throw 4 pics (against the Browns).......and still win
OBJ HAS THE LAST LAUGH
Why was I rooting for the browns when Im a STEELER fan? Maybe its the north pride maybe Im a sore loser for so many reasons 🤣🤣 Gg browns
The weakest link on that loaded Browns team is Baker.  Get rid of that clown and get a real QB.
You lose 7 games for the year, you should automatically be out of the playoffs.
Baker Trash just run the ball
Can't wait til the Packers lose in the playoffs again
Wow, the refs really gave that one to Green Bay at the end there. That grab should have been called for sure.
Every year same or deal bailing Packers out with missed calls
I hate the browns,,I took them to win heads up with the over on my money line...200$ to win 1500$ ....I'm sick,,, missed extra pin points and interceptions....
3 int werent baker fault, missed calls and jarvis slipping, that over throw was on him, refs really hate the browns don't they
Browns: Running the ball Also Browns: Well now I'm not doing it
The packers: we need some help!   The refs: we have your backs
NFL refs literally don’t deserve to ref. What a joke of a league.
Let’s go Brandon
2 things: 1. The Browns need to release Baker Mayfield. 2. What is up with the refs being consistently bias for the Packers bruh. Like c'mon now
It's the quarter back for Browns having a big probably if a different quarter back they could win the game .
I'm not a fan of either team, but the refs have taken the enjoyment from this game.  The DPI non-call on the Browns was ridiculous.   Why do we not have replays on these calls?
Jack what happened ?
Getting really sick of the celebrations. Just hand the f’ing ball back to the ref. The players don’t care about the score, the team’s record, just childish celebrations. It’s an f’ing first down , one of fifty or so in a game. Just hand the ball to the ref and go back to the huddle.
Rodgers really does suck got bailed out by a noncall
With interception Mayfield what could possibly go wrong????
Baker is a great fit for the XFL or even the Arena League !!!!🤣
Too many INTs from Baker
I think all the refs that work at Lambeau field are bad or biased.
Cleveland BROWNS 22 vs 24 Green Bay PACKERS
As a former defensive back, I can see that Mayfield, when he's under pressure, tends to over throw his passes. They are sometimes higher and coming in faster than the situation might call for. As for Ref-ball, That last int was a definite pi call on the Packer DB, I know because I've done it myself.
Why have Baker keep passing when every run is ripping right through for huge plays.   Makes no sense.  Packers can't stop the run okay let's call a passing play.
3 intercepted and they let him keep trying for another 🤡
Browns needs another QB! Mayfield looks like Manziel
Why is nobody talking about Adams fake dunk in respect to Kobe, that was my highlight of the game
Another lucky win by the packers nothing new
Clear hold and wasn't called@ bs game
Rigged Rigged Rigged Rigged.  REFS WERE IN ON IT . ITS ALL ABOUT ENTERTAINING THE MASSES . SOON PEOPLE WILL STOP WATCHING THIS QUACKERY
Browns have met the enemy….and it’s themselves!
NFL is fixed, last interception was a hold. This game is fixed.
Dang, all Browns had to do was run the ball the entire game and they would’ve won
They should put the pay scale on what the refs charge not to call the blindingly obvious
*Browns about to get swept by the Steelers✨!!!!🤣🤣🤣*
I love how so many people seem to only about refs when it’s the packers on the winning end nobody gives a f when we loose 😅🖕
Browns have met the enemy…and it’s themselves!
Packers defense played poorly.  Pack got lucky.
All those interceptions...... let's try it again........... nope.
Terrible playcalling by the browns on that last drive but that missed call was BRUTAL and probably cost them the game. NFL refs are a joke
Tampa got away with the same type of hold during the nfccg, that caused a pick. Troy said it was just good D then..
In the spirit of Christmas both teams tried to gift this game to the other team in the 4th
Is it just me that thinks if Browns had a good qb not a top one we would have lost by double digits? I mean we got 4 pics 3 were gifted, 1 was p.i.. Otherwise our defense is garbage in case nobody noticed, all our corners and safeties playing something else that they are supposed to play. The covarage is so bad. The wr dropping balls left and right like every game, and those rbs can't get more than 3 yards per play.. We need a miracle to win sb..
This Super Bowl is rip so chiefs and packers can play the bowl people wants last year
The last INT was defence hold 4 sure so if they ref call tht no telling hw the game would hve end but still the o-line didn't hold up well 2day nd Baker is trying to hard jus relax nd tke wht the defence is gve u nd he has to wrk on his reads nd foot wrk
With 4 int the game shouldn’t have been that close. With that said stop bitchin about the refs, like they don’t miss calls in every game.
Hated the Packers last week love them this week as a Ravens fan shits crazy let's go chiefs we got our third string making a start for our season possibly why us we've fought so hard to be in this still I'm not loosing faith our defense gotta help our o tomorrow no matter what well fight till the end
Browns have the most questionable playcalling I’ve ever seen. It’s like Stefanski is too damn conservative when he shouldn’t be
Packers got away with Pass interference at the end. They were about to lose. Packers always cheat.
For whatever the reason being I just don’t seem to care anymore about “The NFL” like I used to anymore let alone sports for whatever reason. I’m sort of done watching sports not exactly because of Covid but a few other reasons sports are just not what they were a decade ago it seems to me. I don’t really watch sports like I used to for that reason, and a few others like I said. It’s just I don’t know Besides the past couple of years of how hard Covid has been hit from sports in general not just football but just sports if it’s also racial injustices Or if it’s simply the fact that there is no real dominant  team anymore. Or if it’s the trading players or if it’s in other sports the one, and dones or if it’s the fact that people are wearing masks in the stands with limited capacity at the moment or the transfer portals. I don’t know players for some reason I don’t keep up with sports like I used to for some reason anymore.
Baker Mayfield sucks!
Packers chiefs superbowl...book it
I thought OBJ was the problem, but it's Baker...
Once again a non call ruins a game. Classic NFL game for you. Why don’t they fix this?
I can't wait to hear Baker whine about the obviously missed DPI but ignoring the three picks that came before it.
4 picks. I was rooting for Cleveland too
That was a missed pass interference on that pick. The referees need to do better
the Browns should trade for Garner Minshew
Santa with the camera bringing us this football game footage as a gift to football fans
🎁🎁🎄🎄🏈🏉🧀🧀🧀 pakers Nation
When u watch Mayfield and Rodgers throw the ball..... it's a world of difference.  Baker has a gigantic wind-up.... and Rodgers just flicks his wrist and the ball's out
More dreadful playcalling with the lead.
My blind grandma saw that pass interference and she can't even hear! What are the odds?...*were.
Browns running game is phenomenal, but they keep throwing at times where they really need to just get that consistent 7 yards a carry from Chubb. This game here tells me he’s a star and with a name like Chubb?? What’s not to like
I’m a Packers Fan, and I know these games are totally Rigged.
Scrappy, Crappy and still not even at their Full talent and still winning Games? Hmmm that does say something....Can I hear, "He's a Bad Man!" Thank you and Happy Holidays
chubb carried the entire offense...Baker is straight away garbage...browns should draft a new qb...but we all know abt browns they r going to give baker a hell of a contract
I have always hated the Browns. But that was a bad call by ref on that last int. Browns were robbed. The league  needs to address this.
The Packers just nominated Baker Mayfield for the MVP.
There should be video review for referee bullshit calls like that, and referee suspensions.
good thing baker was healthy because if the backup was in the packers would of lost because he wouldnt of thrown 4 picks
This game proved that baker is a mediocre quarterback at best
In my opinion I Mayfield has got to go throughout the season pass just throwing way too many interceptions which lead points on the board to the other team which has cost of the games but not only him but the field goal kicker he is horrible I followed him through the year he's caused more points lost then he made there's got to be changes made for next season
Am I the only one that is annoyed by the picture of the winners on the video thumbnail? It kinda ruins the suspense.
Refs screwed Browns. Packers didn't deserve to win got lucky cause of bad call.
It's kind of weird the highlights showed the Packers going in for the half.
NFL doing there yearly terrible call to boost the Packers record. I swear they've been trying to push Rodgers as the best every way they could. Can't wait to see him choke in the playoffs and lose to Tom Brady again
refs shouldve thrown that flag in the last int. there a hold right there.. well its in lambeau
i was so sure packers will cover because of interceptions from baker and the packers'  points lead, but it still did not..oh well, merry xmas to everyone
Stefanski needs to run the football.
"Cookie" Mayfield.   You heard it here first!!!  .
The refs cost the cowboys the 1st seed
Russell Wilson or deshaun Watson
Man if it was Larry Brown that's a PI!!!
Challenge: take a shot every-time baker throws a pick
browns would be unstoppable with a decent qb
Baker better retire soon
Baker Mayfield needs to retire
CLE could've won that game. Defense, Chubb were phenom.  Need a better  QB.
Browns got cheated
Should’ve ran the ball.
Careful folks. The big BM's wife is gonna blame all of you for his 4 interceptions.
EL mejor equipo,Green Bay Packers
The Browns lost because they threw 4 interceptions 😛
That feeling when you could knock off the #1 NFC seed, but then you realize your quarterback is Baker Mayfield.
Clevelands game consisted of Chubb being a stud and Mayfield wrestling with the d-line and playing catch with the Packers secondary.
Can we take the time to appreciate the fact that Anthony Schwartz took time to find the closest Browns fans in the front row! This team has hella heart and loyal fans...
Shannon is gonna pound skip over baker  with talk😂🤣😅
Another referee bullshit call cost the Browns the game, unbelievable!
Good the see Baker in the Christmas mood.
That was a painful way to lose 😔
The ending of this game is a precursor of what will happen when Buffalo plays NE tomorrow...Watch!!
HE DRAGGED HIS JERSEY TO GET THE PLAY ON THE INTERCEPTION.....NO RESPECT FOR THIS WIN!!! FU REFFF!!!
The fact aaron rodgers barely throw ints and he dont he cant carry his team is funny.
I'm more surprised about the fact that the packers didn't score 30+ on the browns but that was definitely PI at the end.
No wonder why OBJ left baker.
Shanon bout to have a field day 😭😭😭
as a seahawks fan im sorry browns but almost stupid playcall to throw 3 straight times when you've ran for over 200 yards well but luck next year
Another Rodgers choke job in the 2nd half only to be saved by the refs! Somehow I'm not shocked. This your MVP?
11:45 how do you not call that!!!!???  My god.
Baker has more commercials than TD's this year.
Interception #13 Lazard first and goal Failed 2 point Dillon rodger pass touchdown
Big liar sets record ...
WTF! Douglas on 4th interception dropped to the ground, then ran to the end zone, but was never touched by any browns player. Isn't that still a live ball?
What a game really crazy!
I thought baker plays better without Odell😂🥱
Rogers passing Favre  Congratulations.  This was as close to winning  a superbowl,  for us Browns fans.  After 3 interceptions We still had a chance.  As football fans we just want exciting games. Win or lose.  We have had over 30 Quaterbacks, since their return.  Look across the field today.  Then look in the mirror, ownership of the Browns.
I can't believe the play calling in the Brown's last drive. You are dominating the run game and need a field goal to take the lead with a minute left and you let Baker throw it who's looking at a career high 4 interceptions in a game. Baker is a bum but it never should've been in his hands there. Brain dead coaching
Overall, Packers deserve to lose, if not for a couple of INT’s, they would have lost.  They won’t go far in the playoffs.
Browns seriously should’ve won, even with the interceptions.
And the MVP goes to the refs for letting that hold call go uncalled on Browns last play!...
CLE Coaching Staff contributes ( 0 ) EMOTION or PASSION to BAD PLAY CALLS. Get invested or Go Home.
Thanks ref that was clearly defense holding
How did Baker choke the final interception?????????
As a Vikings fan that was clearly PI it’s sad how the refs always do this for greenbay
More bs officiating. How do they miss this?
Packers suck!!!
Don't usually complain about the refs, but that was a disgrace. Two holds on DPJ, the facemask that would have given them first and goal, the phantom motion on Teller.
Adams - receiver of the year
I'm a packers fan, but that was a missed PI call at the end. We gotta put em away before the last second though
There was a push by the receiver before the little grab.
We still have a garbage defense.
Baker play like Romo. Hell battle tf out a great team and have u thinkn hes bouta be great then BOOM PICK to end the game. excpet he threw 4 of them lmao
Bro the Cleveland helmets suck
Another "home cooking" win by the Packers and the officials.  Absolutely horrible no call on Defensive holding.  If that had happened to Packers fans they would but bitching up a storm.  No one deserves that call less that Aaron "the liar" Rodgers.  NFL is a broken product.
so that’s why odell left 🤷
im bout to mail all my stuff back to the NFL if this doesnt get addressed asap. they apparently need that stuff to clothe the bums they have employed more than i need illegitimate in my life
Green Bay sweep NFC West /AFC North   Go packs Go 💪💪💪💪
run the ball
Santa didn't forget green Bay this year🎁
No need to watch. Refs need to learn how to be more inconspicuous when deciding who will win the game
Why to football players say a prayer after a touchdown?  What does it have anything to to with God and his will?
I can’t wait until uncle shay shay speaks on this
So you don't want to run the ball in the first half, huh?
They should trade Baker right now. 3 interceptions then you finally have the ball at the 50, just keep position get it within field goal range and you kick a win by 1 and you through another interception? WTF is wrong with this kid?
Green Bay is not the best team in the NFL. They should give Mayfield a big time Christmas gift. Over 220 yards rushing against the Packers Swiss Cheese defense.
Another game where Baker shows his worth…  He is wasting the talent in this team. This team has an average QB and they would be SB favourites
0:48 Camera man dressed as Santa Claus. Interesting.
U gotta blame some of it on the browns coaching, they had a successful rushing game and they continued to let baker throw the ball
Honestly... With having 2 great RB's and a 3rd string who has massive signs of potential..you think they would run it a bit more. I dunno. Maybe Baker just isnt the type to throw as much as other QB's who are actually good.
So many things in this game will haunt the Browns. No call, missed pat that leads to a missed 2 point conversion, Baker’s wild ass arm. Good lord it’s hard to be a Browns fan sometimes
Everyone’s blaming the refs BUT ... baker threw 4 interceptions. They missed 2 field goals and their o line collapsed multiple times leading in 4-5 sacks. The packers won by 2 on so many possessions which is frustrating too. Both teams had things going wrong both ways but it’s only because they were giving their best facing strong adversity. This game was rough
Joe Buck sure knows how to ruin an exciting play 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Good game by refs. Packers couldn't have won without them
The browns should trade for either Rodgers or Watson or Russ
Who won?
Packers win in typical packer fashion: with refs on their side
Baker Mayfield is such a gift to the Afc North.
Browns fans have no room to complain. They got away with a lot of non calls on penalties and their QB is throwing picks left and right. They didn't get "robbed." You should just be lucky that after a 4 pick day they weren't completely blown out. If anything, this shows how bad the Packers can be even when handed a game on a silver platter.
Dirty laundry green bay got away with a lot of penalties  rigged
The Packers did not deserve that win. It could've been 25 - 24 Browns.
Game looked fixed start to finish
Another season ruined by the c@ina virus!! N it’s only goin to get worse, somebody is goin to miss the playoffs over covid!! I can see it happening!! Can we hav a normal season for once?!
nice scripted win for the Packers thanks to the NFL
I hate the Green Bay Packers with all my soul. My Christmas wish is for our Bucs to face them in the playoffs and beat the living crap out of them.
Despite how bad Baker played, Browns still probably win if they don't miss that holding call on the last interception.
Terrible coaching decision to have mayfield throw when they had been running well all game. Not to mention the obvious holding that wasn't called pretty much sealing the game. Honestly packers could have won by much more with mayfields awful performance, so many catchable missed catches and the sub par reffing. But then again browns could have easily won if the coaches just let chubb run the damn ball more
Does anybody actually enjoy Joe Buck calling games?
if the Browns would play like the Colts do with JT and play there games around Chubb, and take the ball out of Baker hands and make him just be a game manager they could win more games and possible the SuperBowl
Go green bea
And people call Brady, Murray, and Mahomes overrated, but hey, I'm no hater, but Mayfield was praised too much last season.
Douglas on the last INT doesn't look like he was touched by anybody.
Okay, maybe I am biased, but If there was a most improved Player award in the NFL, Rasul Douglas threw his hat into the ring today.
Shannon gonna have a field day 😂
Ignoring the obvious fact that there was missed calls, that's not what I'm here to talk about because this happens at least once to every damn team.  What I should talk about for starters is how awful the Packers defense is, jeez. Couldn't stop anything today. Not only that, Baker played like garbage regardless of what should have been called.
GPG 💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛
You just knew Baker would choke. Let's be honest, if the running game was not there the Browns would have gotten destroyed.
Good job of rigging the game again, first on the no call on the false start when the Browns were trying to stop the Packers on 3rd and short luckily the pass was dropped.  Then the blatant pass interference no call, hilarious I hope the Browns sue the leauge this is getting ridiculous first with the Chiefs last year in the playoffs then again with the Chiefs this year then again with the Packers with the Browns being in the playoff running.  Truly ridiculous screw the NFL
Browns effectively driving the ball down field by running.  Browns have 3 timeouts.  Browns only need about 20 yards.  A minute left.  Baker has thrown 3 INTs to that point.  Browns decide to put the ball in Baker’s hands and throw it 3 straight times.  INT Packers. (Surprising nobody)
Watching Baker Mayfield makes me really miss/appreciate Drew Brees.
Ngl as a neutral this one was hard to watch You hate to see the Browns throw it away but what you hate to see more as a football fan is to see the Refs calling a game so poorly. Felt like the browns got screwed multiple times. First Pick shouldnt have stood and that was PI.
The last pick, was a robbery. He played bad, but that has nothing to do with not even throwing a flag
Nick Chubb averaging 7.5 ypc and gets the ball 17 times 💀
That's a HomeTown non-call
As a refs fan, I’d say this game was great!
3-0 today 5-0 this week of Monday yes
RASUL DOUGLAS GOT SNUBBED ON THE PRO BOWL SELECTION!!! 5 PICKS IN 9 GAMES!!! SHOULD HAVE BEEN A STARTER!!!
False start, offense number 77... not
Green Bay getting officiating to go their way at home? This has never happened.
(Cowboys fan) how is this not pass interference on that last play I hate when teams get robbed by the refs
NFL refs have never been so bad
Cleveland Browns are a super Running team reminds you of the unstoppable Jim Brown Days congratulations
Baker threw 4 picks and they only lose by two. Says alot about the Packers
So we now know obj wasn’t the problem
Türkiye den yazıyorum, seyrettiğim en aptal qb.
The Browns are Nick Chubb's team.
disappointing play calling in 2nd half from the packers - far too conservative... gm should never have been close w the interceptions, but credit browns D for keeping it close
This game was Browns vs refs... Packers bought the refs today and I'm not even a Browns/Packers fan
And you all SWORE Odell was the problem
I wonder if those refs are packers fans
Man Chubb is a fkn beast.
I wish people would trash baker mayfield the way they do cam newton
Aaron Rodgers had a great performance for the Packers. Baker Mayfield tried to rally to steal Christmas from Green Bay, but Rasul Douglas had other ideas.
I know everyone gonna call pi and I understand but he threw 3 picks before that that put them in bad situations. At the end of the day this loss falls on baker.
Although the Browns obviously got robbed, that doesn't negate the fact that Baker has to be better. They went from having a shot at the AFC North division title, to on the verge of missing the postseason completely. They should've used Chubb more, he was balling. Baker also missed on some key throws to his receivers.   I'm just in so much pain, man😔
Baker literally threw the Packers into the game, if the Browns keep running the ball I think they win
Cleveland should've won that game!!!!
That last interception tho oof , that would’ve been TROUBLE .. but , that was pretty much BS
Baker has to stop making commercials and focus on his craft.  4 INTs is not acceptable for any QB....
Baker throwing 4 ints made everyone forget the kicker missed an extra point. The game could have went to OT if he made it
Why is everyone excited about Greenbay? They should have lost last week to Brent Huntley and the Ravens and this week needed the refs to help them beat the browns who also had 4 turnovers they’re gonna be one and done in the playoffs this season they’re fragile
0:50 Santa with the camera :O
8-0 vs the NFC West AND AFC North...... I'll take that.
I wish the refs actually did their job. I wish the sport was consistent. If the Cameras see it. The people higher up should be able to radio in and call a penalty. A few refs are supposed to somehow keep an eye on every single player.
good game but i do have to say that last missed holding call bailed them out
The refs gave this game to the packers! They better get their eyes checked! They missed 3 major penalties. The last one, a blown/none call cost the browns the game. They would have had a first down and at a minimum kicked a game winning field  goal. Their defense and running game kept them in the game. That being said, Baker and his receivers should be ashamed of themselves.
Baker Mayfield has got to go!!
Man, the Packer defense needs to have a serious look in the mirror. Utterly unable to stop anything, even the interceptions were bad throws or decisions rather than good defensive plays
Baker Mayfield is poison. I can’t tell which of the 4 ints was the worst throw or most costly.
Joe buck troy aikman erin Andrews Cleveland browns vs green bay packers 2021
Packers packers packers I can’t wait for the day when Dallas get y’all y’all time is ticking
Mary Kay Cabot "It was Odell's fault"
Got a lot of work to do but… 12-3 BABY HELL YEAH!!!!! Go Pack Go!!!!!
I like Baker but the injury and then games like this make me wonder…he got Joe Burrow in the division as well who’s young and way better might make Cleveland ready to get a new young guy as well at QB.
so odell was right after all…
That loss may have doomed the Browns.
Santa Claus: I’m tired of delivering presents can someone take my place? Baker Mayfield: Don’t mind if I do
Baker is not that guy
packers are trashhhh
Browns: Maybe if we throw another interception they will fumble it the next play guys trust me.
Not a Browns fan but that was a bs no holding call at the end , should've won
Congratulations to Green Bay. Now let's be real: that was holding on the defense. I guarantee you that if the roles were reversed, Green Bay would get that flag in their favor, even on the road.
Congratulations for Aaron Rodgers for passing Brett Favre with 443 touchdown passes in his career , just absolutely astounding and just unreal, that he passed the man who was going to be Favre’s replacement in Green Bay
Luke 11:28 But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.  1 Corinthians 11:13 Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?  KJV
grab changed his position.  tgey need to bring back interference reviews
As a packers fan it’s hard to accept that we won the game like this. We had so many chances to put them away in the second half but the browns kept fighting all the way to the end. Despite, Baker playing bad all game he still gave his team a chance to win the game. Im not sure if the packers would have won or lost the game if pass interference was called but it definitely should’ve. The refs gave the packers this game and tbh I hope the Browns make the playoffs because they were in prime position to win this one…
Sports betting being legalized across the county..refs gotta be held accountable…
the most obvious pass interference you will ever see
Santa Baker be like: "You get a pick! You get a pick! You get a pick! And you get a pick again!! Yaaaa!!" x'D
Man Baker Mayfield really just wanted the Cleveland Browns to lose Huh
Shannon sharpe bout to cook baker Monday 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Somewhere OBJ is laughing 😭 and saying “I told u so “
Now I know why coaches aren't allowed to challenge PI in last 2 minutes. What a joke
can the 49ers sign Aaron Rodgers already😠
browns should have won that game if  they would’ve got the flag at the end they would’ve been in field goal range it’s absolutely ridiculous
Even after throwing 4 INTs the Browns still should’ve won the game, impressive
can the 49ers sign Aaron Rodgers already😠
2 Words to Trigger Browns Fans Christmas: Baker Mayfield
Life-long Browns fan here….   Baker is NOT our guy.  I now hate this fu@king team!  Wish they would just move to another city
Imagine if they didn’t have 4 turn overs… smh, good job GB
I’m not a browns fan. Just a fan of the NFL and love football. But these blown calls by the refs are getting more and more egregious and are making it hard to even watch the NFL or believe these games aren’t rigged. Do Better NFL
Baker sold
That was holding on that last INT, but Baker still cost them way more than one missed call.
Baker played like absolute trash and even still Fraudgers could only win by 2.   Not to mention that blatant robbery at the end of game.
I blame it on Odell
Aaron must have paid the refs to not call the PI’s and Stefanski to not run the ball in the first half. Still Baker can’t throw interceptions even if he thought they were free plays - Baker is too injured to make the playoffs.
4 picks and Packers still only won by 2 points…
Despite a successful running game, the Browns decided to call throwing plays. Baker Mayfield threw 4 interceptions in this game, the same amount of interceptions Aaron Rodgers threw this entire season so far.
Refs helped the Packers again. Not saying the Browns deserved to win but that was bs.
Stefanski, baker, and the refs suck
Yes. The refs' missed an obvious hold at the end of the game. But the Browns had 4 quarters to prove they deserved the win. 4 turnovers doesn't send that message. It was hard loss for the Browns, but they deserved this loss...
I was at this game, it was a magical experience and glad we won. Go Pack Go.
Its kinda crazy , baker giving gifts away all game,  pick here pick there,  and still  manage to lose by 2 . The refs scored as well  helping the pack close the game . BTW not a fan of neither team . The refs are out of control  , making the NFL look worse than the WWE . 😆
Be better at officiating NFL.
Big deal that Aaron broke Favre's record.  What is disconcerting is that Packers D[efense] coughed up 22 points.  They will not make it to SB56 doing that.  Mister Rodgers, it may be that you will miss the SB56 MVP Trophy on account of your teammates -- it's still a Team Sport, after all.
Last Christmas: Kamara runs for 6 touchdowns to tie the NFL record  This Christmas: Rodgers breaks Favre’s passing TD record for Packers history
Baker was in the holiday spirit 😄
too bad peoples jones couldn't realize that he had to be running a little bit harder.... ball had mad zip on it and he couldn't tell?
Unfortunately, I bet some significant Packers are going to protocols this week...
The Browns we’re gonna win that game, but nope dumba$$ referees saved the Packers. Couldn’t have the Packers losing the #1 seed to the Cowboys
Baker Mayfield played terrible, no arguments there but the Refs came in clutch for the Packers. A W is a W but if I'm a Packers fan, I would be worried about what that defense has allowed.
"Faker Maychoke" comes through again! Former #1 NFL pick?! What a joke! All of you Clowns fans deserve your misery, for being so awful to visiting fans at the "Factory of Sadness". Just remember the team's motto...      "There's always next year"! Suck it!
Adams pissed me off with that drop late in the 4th smh. Almost cost my packers the game
This game was scripted. It was rigged from start to finish.
Bye bye Browns playoff chances. Make way for Ravens and Bengals!
These Refs need to start being held accountable for their mistakes on calls !!! Time to start taking $$$ from their pockets !!!!!
Man, Baker has to stop turning the ball over Easily could have won this game
Chubb averages 7.4 YPC but you only give it to him 17 times 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Bad calls happen every game, against all teams. Packers earned this win, dont let anyone tell you otherwise.
AFC playoff wildcard teams would like to thank the Packers for a job well done.
Close game - Packers couldn't stop the run. That non-call at the end decided it.
Baker mayfield = G.O.A.T 🤣
On the last Cleveland drive, Stefanski should have stick to their bread and butter, running the ball with Nick Chubb. They have all 3 of their timeouts in their pocket and he puts Baker in a position where he’s going to be in harms way with the interception. Baker Mayfield at the same time however, has to play better. The 4 picks he’s thrown is absolutely unacceptable
That last play was PI
So are the Baker fans ready to admit that Case Keenum is a better option at QB yet? I'm here for the Baker defenders to show up again. They've been calling the above a hot take for every week since the beginning of the season, and it seems like every week Baker had a Mediocre to Terrible day... and they will still defend him. Baker won't even be in the league in 3 years, WAKE UP. Baker is trash!
Packers are hardly winning these games convincingly; I remember the no call with those 40+ seconds left when they squeezed by the Niners, and now here another likely game-deciding no call (Browns in FG range and would’ve punched forward a little more with very little time left). I know, I know - some will talk about a ‘bigger picture’! Why where the Browns passing from mid-field under the circumstances??
we gotta give it to baker. he gave 4 christmas gifts to the packers defense, so inspirational and he definitely has the holiday spirit
Underwhelming offensive performance by the packers when the defense has 3 picks and 5 sacks. Packers were poised to lose this game and get bailed out on a missed PI.
Merry Christmas Green Bay.  - Baker Mayfield
The ball was deflected on that last pick so no pass interference
If the Packers do atleast make the super bowl this season means absolutely nothing.
Baker is holding this browns team back from a SB. I want a trade for Russel Wilson over the off-season please 🙏🏻  Defense is great RBs are great O Line is good enough  Quarterback meh Receivers meh (Landry good and Schwartz)
1st packers td the ball didn't go in 4th interception that was holding
Baker throws 4 interceptions, could've been 6, and then the Browns were fighting against the refs too; and yet Green Bay barely won by 2 little points!  Not good at all....
Was Pass Interference all the way. Great game another ruined by the NFL referees so they can build another MVP for Rodgers but then chokes in a playoff.
Packers are not that good of a team how are they winning all these games lol.
Imagine if Rodgers and Baker flipped teams Think Browns win this game by 40 if that were reality
CLE on FOX
Go pack go 12-3
That Baker hype that started like 2 days before the 2018 draft really aged well.... 🤣
Packers should not have won
Lol I bet the media won’t say anything about the packers barely beating the browns. But if it was the cowboys they’ll be saying what’s wrong with their offense 😂
Baker INTfield
The refs finally helped out the Packers this time. Still gotta blame 2 of those picks on Mayfield
Man that was close go pack go! 🧀
THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ON FOX SPORTS & NFL NETWORK 2018-2021: THE END
OK, so the last pick was tipped first. That's why they didnt call PI. Once its tipped, it's fair game.
Chubb is a stud but has to deal with mediocre play calling and a below average QB I feel sorry for him tbh
NFL needs to change the rules to allow coaches to throw the challenge flag in the final 2 minutes. The booth didn't interfere and overturn this obviously wrong call
Why do the refs always help us especially when we play the lions? I don’t get it. Only time we actually get bent over is if we play Brady lol I wanna win games fairly
Packers will win the super bowl.
Browns vs the Refs every single damn time
4-TIME SUPER BOWL CHAMPION GREEN BAY PACKERS BEATS 0-16 CLEVELAND BROWNS AND 4-TIME SUPER BOWL CHAMPION GREEN BAY PACKERS WINS THE SERIES FINALE OF THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL FOX SPORTS & NFL NETWORK
Shannon: “The Guy already had 3 interceptions”  Skip: “Ok but that 4th one was Odells fault”
It hurts that we had 4 interceptions and won by 2.
It’s sad to see another game decided by a bad or missed call
Bakers sucks so ass
Nothing to see here just your weekly Green Bay Referees episode
Baker Mayfield embarrassing himself on national TV is a nice Xmas gift 🎁
Thanks for the win, Baker.
Baker Mayfield was in the seasone of giving      Giving out 4 picks
Go Pack Go! Superbowl! Rodgers MVP!!!
Guarantee if that PI was by the Browns while the Rodgers and the Packers were driving to win the game in the final seconds every official on the field would've thrown every flag they had, and then kept trying to throw flags they didn't have.
Hard to believe Keenum is worse than Baker at this point Would be such a Browns thing to do if they re-sign that clown Gg packers, good luck in the playoffs
Blame the refs all you want but your team will NEVER win games against top competition with the way Faker Mayfield plays QB
As long as we have Rodgers adams and the refs, I don’t see anyone touching us
That final decision by the refs was shameless. The NFL is truly rigged!
Baker mayfield is better than Aaron Rodgers…… at passing to the packers
Refs for MVP
1st
Rodgers: Messi! Brady: Ronaldo! Mahomes: Mbappe!
Y’all think the packers are favorites for the super bowl currently?
PI
Wow nice
Packers: FC Barcelona!  Browns: Tottenham Hotspur!
1빠
AS A STEELERS FAN, MAYFIELD'S THE GUY
It's a Super Bowl or bust for Rodgers! For real this time! lol
The Packers have everything to lose this year. If they don't win the Super Bowl this season, then say bye bye to pretty much everything lol
